
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon My Take. We have our good friend Paul Bissonnette getting ready for the Four Nations final on Thursday. We also have a call to action for the awls that we will discuss during the podcast. Either we're gonna stream the Four Nations final. Come on. Now we have Hot Seat, Cool Throne. We have Guys on Chicks. Might have to go into a supreme debate. Oh yeah. It's all brought to you by DraftKings.


Hey, basketball fans. Are you ready to win real money? Check out. Pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts, DraftKings pick six dunks on its rivals, including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you'll slam home higher money payouts on pick six, then Flex plays on prize picks. And best of all, you win even more cash if you posturized the competition. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for a smaller payout. Switch to pick six and cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 in pick six credits instantly on just a $5 entry. The fun of the basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get 50 in, pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is Yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Connecticut must be 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. My take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. The fun of basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get 50 in, pick six credits.


Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, February 19th. And boys, I have a proclamation I'd like to discuss, maybe debate. I believe that we are in the worst three weeks of the sports calendar. Okay, let's discuss three weeks from now. Your favorite week of the year starts, which is conference championship week. Correct. Starting a little later this year, which kind of bummed me out when I was looking at the schedule. So I mean, it sounds like you have no respect for the window where teams can designate who they're going to get the franchise tagged to. That was part of my, my argument that I was looking at. I was looking at stories today and the, and the biggest two stories I could find is, will t Higgins be franchise tagged?


Well, They've declared that he will. Yeah. And his mom being mad about it, but he, I, well, walking it back, we don't know Because his mom said Selfish bastards. Yeah. OnX the Everything app. And then people were like, oh, this is obviously about the Bengals. 'cause the news had just broken that they planned to franchise tag T Higgins. And then she said, no, it's not about the Bengals. Right. So could she might have been, it could be anything. She could have been watching severance. Yeah. And then like this, this milkshake bastard. He's, he sucks. No spoilers. Great show though. Great fucking show. Have you caught up Hank? No. Okay. I would like to Severance. I wish I didn't say that. I would like to severance my own brain after football season's over. I was actually thinking severance. We should have a severance for flights. Yeah, that would be great for travel days.


Although that's when I, that's the time that I used to catch up on severance. True. I guess you could just watch severance while being severed. Yeah. You only think about severance Because then you can watch it again. And it's awesome While you're watching Severance. Alright, so the t Higgins. Yeah. And, and you know, will Sam Darnold, will Trey Murphy. I don't, there there's there basically franchise tags are the top of the list. And then the other big story I saw was people mad about LeBron ruining a picture in All-Star game, Which is fair. But that, but that's okay. I don't want to He did ruin the picture. We should, we should discuss the merits of that accusation. But that was, that was when it clicked in my head. I was like, this is what we have right now. And I know that people will argue the all-star break in the summer for baseball.


My counterargument would be, it's summer so you can go outside and do whatever this is. It's these two to three weeks where we haven't gotten to March Madness. Because then once we get to March Madness, then it's Masters, then it's NBA and NHL playoffs. Then it's summer. And by the time we get to July, it's like football's about to be back. I think these are the worst two to three weeks of the entire year. Right now I do enjoy the, the combine week, But that's specific to us because There's all the rumors. That's when you can really play fan fiction with everything. Correct. You're like, what if the Jets changed their mind about Aaron Rogers? We like going to combine week 'cause it's something to do And we get to, to see some people we haven't seen and, and do a couple interviews.


And IIII agree with that. Like, next week's gonna be fun for us. But I'm thinking for the, the common man who doesn't go to combine week. You can like, I I, I remember getting excited for the combine and then watching like three 40 yard dashes and being like, what, what? This is stupid. And players Opt out now too, that like back in the day, at least everyone cared about the Combine players while now who's gonna win an island. Yeah. Now it's like the best players rarely even do the combine. Yeah. No, really the only stories out there, there, there's some baseball news. Yeah. But again, it's all contract news. Yeah. This is, this is a great week if you care about numbers. Yeah. And so yeah, I, I agree with you. There's not a lot of action going on right now. Thankfully. We have the Four Nations.


The four Nations saved us. But this is, it's just, this is the bummer week where I, I would like to be severed these these couple weeks and just wake up and have it be March Madness. Yeah. We also have the, the news leading up to the draft where you start to get interviews with certain players that are gonna be in the draft where they say, you'll regret not drafting me everything that passes on me. Cam Ward said that he pulled the Josh Rosen, Josh Rosen, nine teams made a mistake, Made a big mistake by passing on Josh. Turns Out only one team made a mistake and it was the 10th team. Yeah. So is Josh Rosen? I think he's like a doctor now. Yeah, he's, he's not doing much. I mean, that's something, yeah, There's A lot of doctors. He's doing okay with his life. There's A lot of, they give anybody a doctorate now. Hank can get A doctor. No, I think he might, or he might be lawyer, doctor over lawyer.


In terms of Prestige. You all just profe like intellect. I, I respect. It would Be very funny if he became like, there's a Josh Rosen doctor in Chicago. I don't know if that's what you're thinking. No. You Should have him on the show. No offense to to lawyers, but Oh, you can, you can read good. Yeah. I think you can argue. Well, I think that if you, he should become a film, a film guy. Like a draft breakdown guy. Yeah. Like a Kurt Bent. Yeah. He's like, I I I know the game better than anybody. I can identify a bust. Yeah. Alright. Jo. Oh, war. Oh, so he's in business school. Don't respect it as much as a doctor. That's not, he is in business school. What, what, what are you laughing about? Most Mean just bailed on the, on the sweatshirt.


He was like, you have to tell him that he's in business school. No, you don't. You don't. It just didn't have had he had to type it on the computer. He just on his phone didn't. But, but it, it's just not something that like needs to be brought to their attention. But They were like doctors. Yeah. Maybe we, maybe maybe this, these three weeks we should do like a buttoned up version. A Pardon My Take where we get no facts wrong. No, I, I don't Agree to that. But that's what Mees is just trying to do business. Who the fuck cares if it's a doctor or a business? What, what, who Cares? Isn't every school a business school, Business school's a a complete racket by the way. They just, you basically pay so much money to go and meet a bunch of people that then you can use to get jobs.


It's not like you're learning anything. You're just meeting people who are also are in business. And then you use those connections. You're paying for Connections. No, you learn, you learn how to avoid paying taxes on the money that you will make eventually. That would be Yeah. That, that, that, that is a good thing. But yeah, we're in the, we're in the dog days. Boys we're in the dog days. What is good, good, good choice by max to go on vacation. Yeah. Great. Great choice Max. Wow. Great Vacation week max Memes. I was reading up a little bit about the post June 1st designation too. That's how, that's how bad things are is I'm, I'm like looking at clauses and contracts now. That's what they're gonna do for Aaron Rogers. So it's essentially just saying, pretend that we let you go after June 1st, but you're not a part of the team anymore.


Yeah. And announcing it allows teams to talk To Aaron Rogers to start to Yeah. It's like if a, if a girl breaks up with you with a post February 14th designation, but she really breaks up with you in January. She's like, I'm gonna stick around for the gifts. Yeah. And, but just, I'm also gonna cheat, but just so you know, this is done. Yeah. He's gone. He's gone. He's gone. Would you like to talk about the LeBron picture? Yeah. So they're mad at him because he was not wearing the historic and the, the notable OGs jersey. I did like those jerseys. They were cool. They reminded me of the, whenever the Allstar game was in San Antonio in like the nineties, and they had those awesome jerseys. I do understand like he, he could have just stood on the side because people were saying did Kobe or could have Just thrown on the jersey, or he could Have just thrown on the jersey that too.


Or he could have said he wasn't gonna play beforehand. So they could have replaced him with someone That also Selfish People are saying he was doing a silent protest of what He's tanking. He's gonna start his own league. The theory is that he's been un in LeBron's mind, he's been unfairly blamed for ruining the All-star game. So he was like, fine, I won't play. I mean, What a protest. So he's been blamed for ruining the All-Star game by not playing hard in the All-Star game. Correct. It's the ification of the NBA. And so now he's ruining it further by not playing in the All-Star game. He's silently protesting. Okay. Yeah. And then there was a lot of, there was a picture war going on. So for people who didn't see it, which I hope you didn't because that means you have a, a, a normal life and you're living a good life and not getting into arguments about LeBron's pictures at the All-Star game.


It's the OGs. So it's Kyrie Hardin, Kevin Durant, Steph, Jason Tatum, who's an o he was on Team OGs, Jalen Brown. Who else is in it? There's one other Dame. Oh, Dame. And they're all in their jerseys and LeBron is wearing street clothes and he's standing in the middle. And then there was a picture war because Kobe missed a couple of all-star games, but Kobe was standing off to the side when he did it. So they were like, you guys weren't mad about this. And then people said, well actually Kobe did it the respectful way. He looks like a coach. Not like he's standing in the middle and making it all about himself. It's the definition of, It's the definition of stop trying to fit out and, and start trying to fit in. But this Is, but he said, yeah, Toluca stopped trying to fit in and start fitting out.


Show The picture instead of the video. But yeah, this is where we're at on the sports calendar that this is Yeah, there it is. I mean it Oh, he is right in the middle. Yeah, He is right in the middle. Okay. I'm, I'm gonna be, it's ridiculous. I'm gonna Photoshop, I'm gonna be honest with you. LeBron James ruined this picture. Yeah, he did. He Really did. People were photoshopping him out of it and it did look a lot better. This Picture is so bad. This is one of the worst Sports pop. The Kobe one, one Of the worst sports pictures of all time. Yeah. It's how think it's, How long would it take him to get changed in that Jersey or just stand if he had just been standing on the other side of, of Dame? It wouldn't have looked as weird because it just would've looked like he was a coach. But he is LeBron. But he's LeBron also. Steph Curry. He's the og. Steph kind of ruined this picture too, with two different colored shoes.


Oh, that's cool. That's hip. No, I don't like that. That's How they do it. This Is a terrible picture. Yeah. It's the worst picture ever taken. Also, LeBron, Can we Photoshop Hank's face on LeBron? You know, the one where he is looking at the camera after he's in the workout? Could you show, can you show the Kobe picture? Look at, this is how you do it. Respectfully, guys. It it's just in all the replies of the LeBron picture, it's also hilarious that Kyrie James Harn and KD were just on the same team and terrible. Yeah, that's A good picture. See Kobe and Brandon Roy look like coaches. Yes. And Chris. And it's great because Chris Cayman's getting just a nice bump of like, oh yeah, you were on the All star team.


Chris Cayman's best picture, by the way, if no one's ever seen, it was the time when he was on the horse and it was taking a huge piss and had a Yeah, like enormous Dick. Is that Chris Paul? That's front and to the right on that is Chris Paul sitting on a stack of phone books. I don't know. Why does he look, he did look extra Tall on that. Why does he look huge in that picture? Chris Came in, is pa spelled K-A-M-A-N max? Oh, casual over here. Big time casual. Look at that. Oh, it's my tweet. Look at how big that dick is. Oh man. But yeah, so we're in, we're in picture gate also LeBron, I, I don't know how you fucked this up, but he somehow fucked up the timing of dunking on Doug Gottlieb and Dunking on Doug Gottlieb is the easy, it's, it's basically bringing the rims down to five feet.


You, you don't really have to do anything dunk on Doug Gottlieb. But he, he quote treated Doug Gottlieb and said, earn two, not given, gotta give him credit though. This was because Doug Gottlieb's Green Bay basketball team, college basketball team was two and 24. LeBron tweeted this 12 hours after Doug Gottlieb's team won their third game. Yeah. So he missed the, he missed the window. He missed the boat on it. They were, they were a two win team for two and a half months. Yeah. I mean, good for Doug Gottlieb. LeBron's giving him credit. Usually Doug just takes it. I Yeah, That's true. That's true. I'm pretty sure Doug Gottlieb also said like, he was like, huge win 15 more to go, which counts Winning his conference tournament and winning the NCAA tournament.


I've noticed something about our good friend LeBron James. Yeah. Aside from ruining pictures, LeBron James steals tweets. Oh yeah. Dude, I've, I that That's why he's behind on this algorithm was because he saw people talking about Doug Gottlieb probably on like the for you page where it was a, a tweet that was like a day, maybe two days old. And then he stole that take. He's been stealing takes left and right. And they're all about 24 hours deleted. Yeah. On what everyone's talking. Yeah. No, I, I've, I don't know how to phrase this without having people be upset. The Kobe dying was tragic. Correct. Go on.


One of the things we lost when Kobe died was LeBron didn't know what his opinions were on a lot of things. Yeah. I I think he had a lot of I'm gonna wait for Kobe to tweet something and then, and then I'll tweet the same thing. I think I landed that well. Yeah. Okay. Jason Tatum might be kind of the same way. That's, that's our good friend Jason Tatum, by the way. Hank Did dap him up, told Hank the story. He was in The Bahamas, ded him up and said, Hey, my boy Hank can't believe he was on the duck boat. And he kind of laughed. I gave him one of these, a little nod, real cool walking by. He nod bad. Yeah. Should have asked him for a Picture. He gave me the, I didn't want to ask him for a picture.


I too much aura. No, it would've been like, what is it when a ghost takes a picture or, or vampire show. No, it would've been like, It would've been, it's just a picture of me. People'd be like, why did you just take a selfie from, he's not even there. If I'd asked him flick nice guy though. If I asked him flick up real quick, I would've taken that picture. And everybody been like, damn, Jason Tatum ruined this picture. I know Big Cat saw Jason Tatum and, and made it a point to go dap him up. I did. Yeah. So that's, and I wanted, and I mentioned you. Yeah. I appreciate that. I, I literally, that's the only thing I said. I was like, Hey, Big Cat from Barstool, what's up man? How you doing? And then I was just like, still can't believe Hank was on that duck boat in Missoula and he laughed and that was our entire interaction.


That's awesome. Yeah. For you. I know. Yeah. Alright. Anything. What, what else is Rafael Diver's interview was very funny. Yeah. Oh yeah. What happened there, Hank? He just said I'm, I played third base. Yeah. So he was, he was told he's not gonna be moving positions. And then Alex Bregman, who the Red Sox just signed, the Cubs came in fourth for it. In terms of money. Tom Ricketts is so cheap, but so Raphael devs, he, he's now gonna have to move positions Not according to Rafael Devs. Okay. He is a third baseman. Okay. That was so clearly just a guy who doesn't understand English that everyone was Taking. Can we see it? Yeah. What, what I, what what, where would he move The outfield?


I think he has moved positions before. Like he, I would, I, I don't understand when anyone's like, I don't wanna move to first. I would rather play first in third. Third. I like the idea of him saying like, it's not my job to tutor a young guy and show him how to play third base Bregman is, it's Alex Bregman. Yeah. Alex Bregman. All right. That's just my, you'd imagine devs would, oh Wait, hold on. Here Comes a full time. Dh. DH would rock. I would Absolutely take that change. Oh, That's just my position. Would you React? How would you react if they asked you to dh? How would you feel about that? No. Can you translate That please? That's, that's Just my position. That's it. No, the Follow up was they were like, they were like, he was just like, I, I play third.


It was, it was, I will not dh. I play third. Yeah. I love that the Mass played DH said No. Can you expand on that? I play third There. There it is. There. It's, that's It's, that's all I wanted to find. Yeah. I play third. I play third. I like that. Stick your guns. I play third. I mean, what else? There's, there's, it's just, This is Mark Is proving my point more. Mark Cuban brought that fan back court side. Oh nice. Yeah. The guy that got ejected. Okay. So now everyone's like, well is this, is everyone on the Jumbotron now gonna say Fire Nico? I hope that happens. Yeah. And the more and more that has come up, 'cause there's been a couple more articles.


It literally just was Nico did not like Luca. Hank has a take. Oh, I I recognize that face. Oh, let's go. He, He grinned and then he shut himself up and then he grinned more. Well, it's not, yeah, it's not fleshed out. And I haven't been fully locked in for the past couple weeks, but let's flesh out the LeBron picture, you know, and, and I'm trying to, to write my conspiracy theorist ways, but I saw the LeBron picture ruined Allstar game, failed on the team, ruined the Picture game. And you love Allstar game. Ruined the game game. You always loved Allstar game And the report came out a few, like a month ago or whatever. Yeah. That there's rumors about this new league that LeBron might be starting, which would tank the NBA. Mm. What if a, what if the NBA forced Luca to the Lakers to basically like forced LeBron to like stay Oh.


Because the Luca thing still doesn't make any sense. Yeah. But I, I and LeBron is clearly like doing something, like something's going on where he is protesting or he is like, he's got an ax to grind in some way. And maybe the NBA knew about this internally and they tried to send Luca to LA to, to somehow stop LeBron from doing what he's trying to do. I don't think that's gonna stop him from doing what he's trying to do. But Hank I do agree with you that the, the NBA has bent over backwards or I guess bent over forwards for LeBron for the past, I guess 15 years. And now he's gonna leave the NBA and then start a rival league to the NBA with like Saudi money and all this shit. And it's gonna be very funny to see how the NBA reacts to that af after the guy that they've given everything.


I don't know how the Luca thing fits into it, but something we need to explore all possibilities. So I like that your brain's going there. I I, yeah. I like the theory. I, I just, I read an article that Nico Harrison, I, I think Nico Harrison like clicked on a tweet. Luca slander tweet. We always talk about it. You know the people, The Luca's a cone. Yeah. The reply guys are like cone tweet. Yeah. Like LA fraud, no real championships. He clicked on one of those with Luca being like, he's a traffic cone blow by. And then that's his whole algorithm. And he was like, 'cause he, he keeps saying defense wins championships when I'm pretty sure that's not what happens in the NBA these days. And Luca basically carried them to the title round.


He just hated him. It's good. He just hated his guts. It is good to Have a defense wins championships guy though. Oh yeah. But you don't want him to be That guy, but probably not leading your team in the NBA. You want him to be like an old assistant on the bench? Yes. You want him like a, a a, a white-haired guy who just sits there with a, you know, whistle in his mouth, never blows. And he is like, defense does win championships. Yeah. You want a guy that's gonna get your guys to play like 1% harder defense. Yeah. But ultimately superstars win championships. Yeah. Guys like Luca, guys like Jalen Brown. All these guys. Yeah. All these guys. Stop listening. I listen. Jaylen Brown. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Should we do Hot Seat Cool Throne and then we can talk some hockey.


Oh, we should do our last thing. We need to find a Canadian. This is actually very important. It is kind of a, an eye-opening experience for us to realize that we don't have any Canadians at workforce. Bad job. Bad job by us. So here's the deal. We're gonna stream the Four Nations final on Thursday night from the PMT studio. We would like to invite a single a WL Canadian. I think this person probably has to live in Chicago. But where, where are they, where are they emailing their application to be? We want the most Canadian guy possible. We don't want an asshole Canadian. We want the nicest Canadian, like in the world.


Not someone who's not afraid to show off their Canadian spirit. Yeah. But like, not in a, I don't want, I don't want a Canadian to come in and like try to, we Might have to do some, I think we'll send the email then. I, we might have to do me and me and Max and the boys might have to do some, some pre-calls tomorrow Right. To try and flesh 'em out. What I, what what I'm trying to say is I don't want a Canadian to come In. I know. I know what we're looking for. Yeah. I don't want a Canadian to come in and be like, oh, this is my moment. I gotta talk shit back to these guys. I want a Canadian to come in and just be themselves. Yeah. If you be Canadian. Yeah. Preexisting evidence of you being a solid Canadian would be good. Right. Nothing that you've created specifically for this moment. Maybe someone who's who, if we can timestamp it. Apologize for the booing of the national anthem.


That would put you at the top of the class. Yeah. Or if you're a mounty. Yeah, A Mounty would Ross. So It's probably gotta be in, in, in the Chicago area, or at least you can get here Thursday. But it is, we're looking for one Canadian to come and watch the game with us for the stream so that we can say we have a Canadian. I'm excited. So who, who who, where are they gonna send the email? PMT Bachelor party@gmail.com. Okay. That's, That's just a completely random email. And we're gonna, obviously, we're gonna have to fact check 'cause we don't want any fake Canadians trying to skirt through. We're gonna have to ask for some documentation and Yeah. Explain to us in, you know, three sentences why you would make the perfect Canadian to watch this game with us.


Yeah. I'm excited. Very excited. We're gonna find a Canadian Can't wait to beat the fuck outta Canada on Thursday. Yeah. I've been thinking about it and I have talked a lot of shit. I don't know if I'm gonna go phone hacked or wifi doesn't work. I I don't, I haven't decided what what the fuck, what if we lose, we're Not gonna lose. Why Are you thinking like that? I'm just making plans. No. Yeah. This is bad mentality. Big Cat Scott's what? Yep. What do you If if this was Max Big Cat would crawl down Max's throat. That's insane. It is insane. Yeah. I mean, I'm nervous about this game. You we're gonna lose. You think we're gonna lose? No, I don't. Is it's a must win playing A loss. I think we're gonna win. You're planning a loss. There's never, I'm not planning a loss. There's never been a bigger must win than this History.


I'm not planning a loss. I'm just, I've thought about what I mean. Do you not think? No. Do you think we're gonna kill him no matter what? Yes. All right. Fine. Fuck it. We're gonna kill him. Fine. It's USA. You're right. We don't lose these games. Players don't matter. Yeah. We never lose these games. No. The flag matters. Yes. We've never lost these games. We got the Chucks. Well, I just had so many Canadians maybe like, see you Thursday. I was like, oh fuck, I forgot. There's another, there's another game. At least one Kach Chuck is hurt. I think they're Charlie McAvoy's also out. Yeah. McAvoy's out. So, all right. So it's, And we have excuse. It's not even our best. Yeah. This is our JV team that we sent. Perfect. And we'll probably, we're definitely gonna still win, but we're gonna do it with our JV team, which is crazy. There's Gotta be a i I need more fights.


Yeah. Need more fight right off the bat. Absolutely. Have to have more. We were two in one in those first three fights. I think I I gave it to us two in one. I'd say three and Oh easy. Three and Oh, okay. So send the email. We want one Canadian here on Thursday night to watch the game with us and tune in. We'll do it from the pm t YouTube, which you should sub subscribe. We're over 600 K now, but to keep subscribing. Alright, let's do Hot Seat. Cool Throne. Then we will talk some more hockey with


Biz Hot Seat Cool Throne is brought to you by our friends at Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a Friday, Saturday, and Sunday with the truck that says no to nothing. Tailgate spontaneous camping trips. DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. Recently they helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man award. Well the Silverado Trail Boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 pounds of foot of torque. Hold onto your sodas Max. Plus the Trail Boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk. Silverado brings a grip, then pairs it with all the latest truck tech inside and out the result. A truck that can do it all. Then show up on Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com Chevrolet. Together. Let's drive


Hot Seat. Cool. Throne is also brought to you by our friends at Body Armor. We love body armor. I'm drinking it right now. The Flash IV bottles. Do we have a Flash iv? Can I get a Flash IV one too? I just got back from vacation. Little hungover. Not feeling great. This episode is brought to you by Body Armor Flash IV Body Armor Flash IV is packed with electrolytes and provides faster and longer lasting hydration with no artificial flavors, sweeteners, or dyes with great tasting flavors like strawberry kiwi and tropical punch Body Armor Flash IV gives your body the rehydration it needs to recover. Get yours at a local seven 11 or on Amazon today. Let me see. Max is gonna bring us some flash IVs. I need one right now. I would like one. Alright. Max just handed me a flash iv. I'm drinking the tropical punch. Delicious. This is what I need to bounce back. Hmm. I got the Flash IV powder. Dragon fruit Berry also has 95 milligrams of caffeine with zero sugar. Great. For rehydration. Get yours at Local seven 11 or, and Amazon today.


Alright, Hank Hot Seat. Cool Throne. My Hot Seat is flying. Yeah. Hmm. Not, not a conspiracy guy. Thank God you guys have have righted my ways there. What was the One that you sent us? The, the microchips? Yeah, That's, yeah. What, What was that? Allegedly again, and this is where I think it's like you guys talking to me about conspiracies. Like it's gotten in my phone and it's set up my algorithm that way. It's Our fault. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Agreed. So based spinach, which seems reputable. That's, that's The account. That's that's the name of the account. That's the account. Okay. Got it. Someone spent $131.38 million worth of Ethereum to tell the world that there's a Chinese grade Neuralink and it's already been mass implanted into their military and workforce to workforce to control them like bugs.


Oh, okay. So that if that's true, that that'd be bad. Is That, that would be really bad with Planes. No, the plane thing is just like a, a plane landed crash landed and flipped over and it was very scary. No one died. No one died. Kind of crazy. Right? I Mean, you probably can sue the fuck out of them. The wings snapped off. Yeah. They were. Okay. The, I don't want to throw the pilot under the bus. The landing looked a little hard. Yeah. In My eyes. Everyone seems to be saying that it was the pilot's fault, but Could, could have been wind. It just seems like there's, these things are happening more and more and more Being in a plane crash where no one dies though. Rocks. Yeah. It's like getting bit by a shark and surviving. Yeah. Big Cat sent that to me as I was on the plane, woke up and saw, like, woke up to them being like, you know, we're landing in 30, 40 minutes.


And that's the first thing I saw. So that's all I was Thinking about. So you're nervous as we Were landing? Yeah. Would've been awesome. I don't think so. I think it would've been awesome. I I don't think I would enjoy that. I think it would've been I I to be like, yeah, I was on a plane that flipped and blew up, but I survived. I was on a plane once I got struck by lightning. Really? Yep. What happened? It was a super rainy, it was a super stormy day. Okay. And then thanks for that context. It just got, all of a sudden you just saw like bright lights just go all around all of the windows and you were like, what the hell was that? And then they got on the inter whatever the flight attendant got on the thing and was like, alright, we need to do an emergency landing in Baltimore.


Everything's gonna be okay, but we need to land immediately. So. And then they told us after the fact that it was, because it got, the plane got struck by Lightning. Did It the plane get hurt? Yeah. No, we could, the plane was done. Oh. Like it was, it was good enough to land, but it was not like, if we went any further it, it would've, would've It like knocked out some of the systems. Crazy. Right. I've also heard that there've been a couple birds that have gotten sucked into the engines. Like, like Sully. Oh yeah. That's bad. But, but not like, they're not bad bird strikes, but when they do hit the 7 37 max, it fills the cabin with smoke. Ooh. Because the air conditioner pulls from the engine. We've had that happen a couple times too. Hmm. So not a conspiracy guy, but Neuralink and planes are crashing.


Yeah. But don't worry about it. You know, just, just keep living man. I'll Be honest with you, it is kinda shocking that planes haven't crashed more. They used to crash a lot. When you're ever on a a plane, are you like, holy shit, this is crazy. Every time A big tube of metal that's flying through the sky Every time. Yeah. I don't think about that stuff. Yeah. No, you've, you've just keep living. Yeah. Comfortably numb. Why? Why would I, why would I put that in my brain? I, I feel you. And then my Cool Throne. Maybe I have the Neuralink. We did just wish for the Neuralink when it came to eliminating the off season. Do you ever think about that? I, yeah. I mean, again, if you were a conspiracy theorist, you'd feel like that's, you know, Would you want a chip in your brain if it made you way smarter?


No tortilla, No way smarter. No. What about severance? Would you choose to be severed? No. If I could, if I could control it. Yes. Imagine being severed and just going to like work out. Oh, I thought you were saying that. If then it just turned control it. If Hank had a chip in his brain that we controlled No click was ahead of its time. Click was ahead of its time. Okay. Your cool turn. It's fine dude. Yeah, it's fine. Boston Dynamics robots. Neuralink. It's Fine. Ai It's fine. It's fine. Yeah. My cool thumbs.


Bachelor parties. What here? My, my take though Hank is like, if it's not, if, if it is not fine, what the fuck are we gonna do about it? That's what I'm saying. Like that's where I'm just like whatever. We're just, we're in the, we got a few more years. We're Not in a spot where we can change anything. That's Why you gotta buy land. We got platform. You gotta just Keep going. That's why you gotta buy land Near water And spinach base spinach raise your own meat. You just gotta keep going. You gotta become, keep on trucking. Can't do Any. That's what I'm saying. Keep on living man. Okay. Alright. You're cool Throwing Bachelor Parties. Bachelor parties. Yeah. We're going through, we were waiting till after, you know, the dust settle, but we're going through this week, all the submissions. So where could people, this is the last, this is the last chance you have would be the next tweet the link again.


Where could people submit? What is it? Is it pm t Canadian? No, no, no, No. That's the thing. Like they're not having another email is unfortunate. 'cause like we are going Through No, it's not an email. It's not an Email. It's a link. It's a, it's a, oh it's a link. It's a Google sheet. Okay. So we, we'll, we'll send that out and we'll put it on Instagram story and Twitter and stuff tomorrow. Okay. 'cause we haven't got enough submissions yet. Right? Well no we have, we want female submissions. We have, we have a specific date range. So it's like a lot of submissions weren't inside of that. So we will, I just wanted to give people one more Chance. Okay. Females, April Bachelorette parties count too. If you're not in April, probably a waste of time To submit. Yeah. Don't move it to try to get into April to get on this unless you're a bachelorette party.


Alright. Good job Hank. Thanks Pt. Great job Hank. Thanks. My Hot Seat is Kaitlyn Clark. Mm. Again, more contract discussions. But her agent gave an interview where she said that Kaitlyn Clark is so good at basketball that she'll never be paid fairly by the WNBA. Mm. Because the league just can't afford to pay her what she's truly worth. There's probably some bit of truth in that, that the league doesn't generate enough money where his salary will never be like equivalent to what she brings into the league. Yeah. But it's also the God paradox, which is like, could God create a stone so big that he himself could not lift it because he's like all powerful but then he'd be able to lift that stone no matter what.


So what's the solution? The solution, I don't think there's a solution. He, she, they just can't pay her enough. I think the solution is just to remind everybody all the time that she's underpaid. Yeah. Which I have a problem with. 'cause she hasn't won shit. It's true. Hasn't won any big ones. Didn't we do the Yeah, we did the hasn't won the big one draft and she was on there. She's never won a, a college national championship. Never won A-W-N-B-A national championship. These are all facts. So I think that she's paid what she's worth right now. She Gotta win the big one. Talk to me When she's got a chip. Yeah. When she gets that Ring Max. Are you, are you, are you upset with the Jalen Hurts discourse because it's like everyone P Pit Prisco's in 88.


Basically the way we do the NFL is if you win a Super Bowl as a quarterback, it's, that's really all you need. And except Jalen hurts, everyone is like, nah. He still, It's unbelievable that the, that like, the two most important guys in my life are jail and Hertz and Joelle and Bead. And they are just both the exact opposite player and both looked at the exact same. Oh Wow. That is interesting. You think the exact same Kind of Minus the injuries. Yeah. I, I think And Not in Philly, Jalen Hertz says, No, not in Philly. Correct. A lot more respect. Nobody, There's been some takes this, this pasts Brisco said that Dak Prescott's better than Yeah, he did.


I saw that. I respect D Phil that He, he, he was like, I, Jalen Hertz is a really good quarterback. And then they, the whoever's social person asked him 50 quarterbacks and he said that Jalen Hurts was worse than every single one of 'em. Yeah. He had a tie with Trevor Lawrence, I think. Yeah. He had a tie that was the best. Wasn't his tie with Trevor Lawrence. Well, he loves Trevor Lawrence. He does. Who's not going to Pittsburgh? Yeah. That's a weird rumor that just got tossed out there because number one, the Jaguars don't even have a general manager right now. Yeah. And number two, he has no trade clause. Yeah. So just erroneous on all on All counts. And he's way too young for the Steelers to want 'em. That's true. That's the other part. Steelers are more than the Aaron Rogers business.


In conclusion, Caitlyn Clark is not overpaid Yet Until she wins. Okay. You're Cool Throne. Yeah. My Cool Throne is steroids. Hmm. Steroids on the Cool Throne because that guy Yannick Sinner, the tennis player, you remember him? He was like the subject of a Yeah. A big steroid debate a while ago. Yep. Oh, the, the World Anti-Doping Agency reached their conclusion. They said, yeah, we'll suspend him for a couple months, but he's not getting the three year band that we asked for. Yeah. And he's also being suspended just in time that he can be back for the Majors. Yeah. It's interesting. So his excuse was he had a cut on his hand and his trainer sprayed something on there. They got into the Bloodstream Classic and then the tennis people were like, oh yeah.


The levels were exactly even with what he said happened. And now you've got guys like Djokovich coming out and saying like, we can't trust the doping agencies. No shit. Wait, maybe this is what we do the next three weeks. 'cause there's no sports on What if we just try? What if we see if we can accidentally Dope Max, like how, how many of these stories are true? Where it's like we'll try to put steroids into Max without him knowing And we'll have him take a piss test. We'll, we will catch his piss. Yeah. I I'm okay with that. Okay. All right. Great. All right. So watch out. Yeah. So there's that. Then the indoor mild time record world record has been broken twice in a week.


Mm. So now it's down to 3 45 15. Last week it was broken down to 3 46 63. So just, they're getting faster. And at some point, I've always wondered this about a hundred meter dash, like when is it gonna be the fastest that you'll ever run? Right. Because like the human body can only go so fast. Right. It's The, it's the tracks. The, the, the bounciness on the tracks. Yeah. But then also in the news was that organization that we talked about like six months ago, the enhanced games. So the enhanced games are coming where steroid use is encouraged amongst the athletes. And I, I personally am excited about watching that, watching all those freaks out there. So is, and if you go on the Enhanced Game website, it'll give you tips on like how to come out to your parents as being enhanced.


Like you're a, you're a discriminated class. It's a very funny website. I like that Max. You gotta read up on that because you're gonna have to, we're gonna get you enhanced and buy some steroids and just start Putting Not, not to my knowledge. I would imagine it's not gonna be hard for us. Just Yeah. Put in like a piece of cheese and throw it to him. Have him sit first. I'll be I'll. Yeah. Peanut butter. What do we give Max's daily scoop of peanut butter. One of Gimme a Kong. One of these times. Go in on it. Alright. My Hot Seat is working from home. I dunno if you guys saw this. The, some guy who, what's the guy's name? I'm gonna find the tweet. He's like a big Wall Street guy. No. Maybe Jamie Simons.


Oh, Ja. Dixon Dixon. Jamie Dixon, the guy, Jamie Diamond. The guy got from JP Morgan. Yeah. He basically just was on a call, just slamming, working from home, being like, it's over. We're done with this. I actually agree with a lot of things. He said, well, I would also like to see how many days in the last 10 years he's worked from his office. True. And how many days he's traveled. But I, I fundamentally, I understand working from home is awesome for a lot of people, but I do think that you lose his point was more the, the younger generation is gonna lose out. And I agree with that. Like, not working with other people and, and having the coalescence, I think I used that word correctly of ideas and things going back and forth.


You will lose out. You, it is different when you're on Zoom. I Think it's, it makes a big difference what job you're talking about. True. Yeah. I think it's, it's definitely an industry thing. Yeah. It's different industries where it doesn't make sense and it's fine and There's somewhere, But like a, any type of sales or when you, you have to, you have to be together. I think it, it's, it's you, you gotta start, get back to work. I don't know about sales because you have some salespeople that are just like absolute killers no matter where they work from. Yeah. But I think working around other people in like competition, that stuff matters. I do think that does matter. Yeah. But it depends on what, what industry you're talking about. He's not wrong. Yeah. But he is Not right from home's. Done. I'm gonna say he's right. I think it made like, I think a lot of people just took advantage of it and probably ruined it for, for most.


Yeah. Like I think in theory working from home could work, but so many people just fucked off that. Which I would do too if I was working from home. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. My Cool Throne is baseball injuries. 'cause we have one of the weirdest ones and we've had a lot of weird baseball injuries. But Dustin may from the Dodgers. So he was rehabbing, I believe he was getting Tommy John and he was coming back and he was about to come back. And then he ate a salad and a piece of lettuce tore his esophagus. And he had to get lifesaving surgery that night. And that's why he was out for the rest of the Year. I'm never eating this out again.


Never. So How does that happen? What kind of, what kinda lettuce was it? On The night of July 10th while he was still rehabbing his dodgers's Camelback ranch facility in Arizona, may went to dinner and ordered a salad. After one bite, he felt lettuce stuck in his throat trying to wash it down. He took a quick swig of water. Moments later he could tell something was wrong. And what may may describe as a complete freak accident, he unknowingly suffered a serious tear in his esophagus. One that required emergency surgery that night. Dashed any hopes of returning before the end of the season. Left him with a new perspective on not only baseball, but also the fri fragility of life. So it was, he had to get, he had a full abdominal surgery.


That's insane. I've never heard of anything like this. I Have to imagine that he, it got stuck and then he coughed a whole lot. And how does a piece of lettuce, unless it's frozen, I don't know. Shredded Hank, you're a throat expert. Lettuce can be bad. Yeah. Recall This could have happened to you. Hank. No, I'm off silence too. No, but but the, the throat, yeah, the weed, the ashes could've burned your esophagus. You could've had a fucking, could've missed the entire baseball season. That'd been bad. It's crazy injury. Hmm. But we, we, we should maybe do a Mount Rushmore of crazy baseball injuries this year.


Washing your car. If you're a baseball player n never watched a car, you might slip and Fall. Yeah. The old John Smoltz burned himself while ironing a shirt that he was wearing. Scott Severs was a baseball injury. What was his again? He Was cutting a Turkey. Yeah. Glen Allen Hill ran through a glass table. 'cause he was dreaming about spiders. Yeah. I think there was what, Joel Zuma, right? He had the guitar slip. Guitar hero shower. No, he a guitar hero. Guitar hero. Yeah. Guitar hero. Guitar hero. Fucked up his wrist. There's been A lot of shower injuries too. Yeah, there's, yeah. So there's, we should definitely do that though though. I, I like started just looking up a couple of 'em. I didn't know this one, but Steve Sparks was a reliever for the Brewers in the nineties and he tore, he tore his shoulder.


'cause he tried to rip a phone book after he watched a motivational speaker do it. That's an awesome baseball injury. Yeah. I love that. Yeah. So we'll do that. But yeah, that dust. Dustin may, I'm happy you're alive, but this is why you don't eat salads. Never eat salad. Never touch the stuff. Never do it. Okay, let's get to biz and we're gonna talk some hockey with Biz four Nations. Get it, get it Riled up for Thursday night.


And we're brought to you by our friends at Reese's. Reese's are the absolute best. I got it right here. The all new chocolate Lava Cup. Reese's Peanut butter cups are the perfect combo of chocolate and peanut butter. Reese's peanut butter cups, maybe even more Perfect. With a layer of ooey gooey, delicious chocolate lava. You can buy Reese's cups basically anywhere. It's lava time baby. Try Reese's New Delicious chocolate lava Big cup right now. It they're the best. I've had one pretty much every single day since they came on as a sponsor. They are so, so good. The Elite candy. The best The goat out there is Reese's and then they one one up themselves with the all new lava cups. So you can buy Reese's cups basically anywhere. It's lava time baby. Try Reese's New Delicious chocolate lava Big Cup.


We're also brought to you by our friends at the Farmer's Dog. Listen, this is the year Healthy Habits don't apply to humans. Give your just to humans. Get your dog a fresh start too. The Farmer's dog makes feeding real healthy dog food easy and convenient and your dog will absolutely love it. Stella's been a farmer's dog long, long time. Blake's a farmer's dog. The pre proportion meals are personalized for your dog's needs, which makes it simple to help your dog reach and maintain a healthy weight. If you've ever thought about making the switch, now is the time it's made from human grade real meat and veggies that are gently cooked with the safety and quality standards of human food. It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, and full years together. Get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food. If farmer's dog.com/pmt+you get free shipping, just go to the farmer's dog.com/pmt to get 50% off. That's the farmer's dog.com/pmt.


Okay, here he is, our good friend, Paul Binet. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. He's one of our best friends, coworker and Citizen of the year. Canadian. It is Paul Bissonnette. We have him on because he, he actually requested to come on because He said, oh yeah. Did I? He Said, he said, guys, fellas, the tides have turned us is better than Canada and hockey. You're our daddy. These are all his quotes to me. He said, I'd like to come on and just, and and kneel before the Kings. Yeah, before Thursday night.


Get ahead of it. So here you are. We're we're better than you. Enjoy your round robin Win Boys. 'cause Thursday night we're gonna put on a spanking to you Americans. You guys have been gloating, you've been calling us your 51st state. Okay? You're imposing tariffs on our country and now you're trying to take our national sport. It ain't happening Thursday night. You're gonna see mc, Jesus, McCarr, McKinnon and Crosby put on a goddamn show in front of the Boston crowd. Oh, First of all, you hear me? You hear me Pfp, I'm not saying you're a 50, you're a 52nd. We gotta to get Greenland in there first.


And then Canada you can be 52 Puerto Rico. That's fine. Yeah. 53. We'll get to you guys when, when you know, in due course. But yeah, that, let's talk about that shit pumping in in the round robin stage because we kicked your ass biz. Admit it. Admit it was an ass kicking Both literally and like in the game. But also we beat the fuck out of you in the fights. I would say that the fights were overall a draw. Let's not get carried away here. You guys. You guys were the at least two to one. But let, Hey listen, let's get Serious. Oh, we antagonize you. Oh you want, oh you want to go? I thought this was hockey. You wanna have a go? Is this hockey you wanna go? Yeah. You Want one? No, no stories coming here boys. No. So in here, Right?


Oh Well let's get serious for a second. USA hockey is coming and it's here to stay with the amount of development that's going on with the way they're the NCAA game has evolved. The NDPI think it's called the National Development Program that they have out of Ann Arbor, which they have like under 16, under 17, under 18 programs. Of course World juniors, some of those guys are already playing college who end up playing world juniors. But you guys have won back to back under twenties, which is the World Junior Tournament Gold both years. So there has been a resurgence of hockey in America. A lot of Canadian players. And this is not to take credit, this is not to take credit.


A lot of Canadians who have played in American markets have stayed and helped out with development in the minor league program. So it is gonna continue to evolve. Big Cat don't make that face. I I'm not taking credit. Come on. I'm saying it's a good thing for the sport growing in the United States of America and there's 330 million people here and it's starting to get the respect that it deserves because of all the work that a lot of people have put in. So shout out to the USA. You guys got some players not quite to the level of, of McDavid McKinnon and Mcar and Crosby or anyone else in the top 10 of all time. 'cause those all belong to Canadians. But you guys have came a long way.


False. And American hockey is here to stay. Yeah. Hit him with the ovechkin. Yeah. How about Alexander Ovechkin biz? How about him in the top 10? He Will, you know what, he's gonna go down as the greatest goal score of all time. Correct. But I don't think that anybody would have them have him in the Mount Rushmore of hockey. There's, There's 10 guys. Cindy Crosby On the top 10 Is closer to the Mount Rushmore of hockey than Ovechkin. Wait, I would say that Ovy is, once he passes Gretzky for goals, I would say he's probably yes, gonna be coming in around like sixth or seventh all time. I think still a lot of people put Stevie y ahead of him for the amount that he won and also put up points like him, not quite the goals, but from an all around play perspective, Stevie Wise is definitely ahead of Ovie.


Time out sidebar with PFT, you can't listen to this. Okay? You can't listen to this. That Was so, that was so patronizing. What he just did. Yeah, he passed. He's like, oh yeah, a bunch of Canadians moved to America and then they had kids. Yeah. And Oh, you got college and you guys are coming. He didn't say we're here. He said we're coming. Although I don't, I don't think that saying when our citizens move to your country for like six months, they wanna stay there for the rest of your life. Is the own that he thinks that it's, yeah. Yeah. So I, we can't let him patronize us like this. No, we all right. Bitch you back biz. So we at least beat the fuck outta you in the 201st three fights in the round robin. If you guys have all the studs, how come you didn't win? Mm, Well one of the studs was ill.


He was not playing. Oh. Making Excuses And, and, and, and where we're a little bit thin in the lineup is on the back end. And ma car a lot runs through a car. He's like a 28 minute game type player in these types of situations. Now listen, credit goes to the states. Not only did they come out with the fisticuffs, they got punched in the nose with a beautiful, you know, accelerating move by mc. Jesus taking McAvoy to the outside, but then they stopped the bleeding. That was the only Gore goal they ended up scoring. McAvoy was physical. The rest of the team was physical, throwing the body around. And then they locked things up defensively. They didn't allow McKinnon or McDavid speed to affect them. They did an unreal job of angling in the neutral zone.


That's something that you guys need to learn about the angling in the neutral zone to, to combat that speed coming through the neutral zone. And the Americans did a great job of shutting things down for one game, for one game. It's pretty important game. And you got punched in the nose and I get that. But like I said, Thursday we're gonna find an answer and we're gonna bring it to you in your own house. Let, let me ask you this question. Biz, I saw our good friend Liam Bluman, who's a big puck head, Huge puck Head was, was tweeting about the lack of goal tending for Team Canada and that a lot of the Canadians grew up wanting to be Sidney Crosby didn't wanna put on the, the big boy pads. Is there any truth to that or is it overblown and maybe just like a little, little blip where, you know, the brodo, the long Longo, the price, the flurry like that, that was, that was something special.


And we, you'll get back to that. It's just maybe, maybe you're having a little downtrend. Yeah, goaltending has always been a strength of Canada and they've always been able to rely on three guys bringing them to these international tournaments. I would say that the position has gotten a little bit weaker in Canada. We still have world-class goaltenders. Like, let's not forget Jordan Bennington won a Stanley Cup with the St. Louis Blues. In fact, he did win that game seven in the Boston Garden. So he's familiar with the territory he's now entering for the Four Nations finals. Also Aiden Hill, who, yeah, maybe he doesn't have this longevity re and this big resume that some guys have, but he also won Stanley Cup with the Vegas Gold Knights.


And we do have some young guys in the pipeline now. The United States has definitely excelled in the goal tending position over the years. Like they have probably five of the top 15 goal tenderers in the, in the world. Now. Hella Buck has been on this incredible run, I would say hella buck based on the last five years. Not so much in playoffs or in in big money games, which is a good thing for Canada going into this one because the last few years he's had these incredible regular seasons where he won the SSA last year. He's probably gonna win it this year if he continues but yet bounce in the first round. So Jake Ottinger is another guy who he played at BU, I believe, and, and he's an incredible goaltender for the Dallas Stars and there was even a few left off the roster.


So that's a, a position that, that Canadians have dwindled in. But nonetheless, ha ha still have guys who can get the job done in that. So this tournament has been incredible. It has been awesome. I I think like it's be, it's gone beyond the NHLs wildest dreams, how, how successful that it's been. I saw that the USA Canada game that the, the round robin one where we kicked your ass, that was the highest rated hockey game outside of the Stanley Cup finals since 2014. So pretty incredible. Great job by the NHL people are watching this getting excited about hockey. Is it almost too good though? Because now I'm like, you know, regular season in NHL is gonna be weird to go back to after I've had this taste of, of ultra nationalism and just like caring so very deeply about a USA hockey game.


Well, I think it shows everybody why best on best is so important. And the league came out with a statement actually right before the tournament started where they're gonna obviously have the Olympics every four years and the two years like offsetting the Olympics. So every, I guess every still every four years, but offset by two years, they're gonna have a world cup of hockey where they're gonna essentially control the best on best. Is it gonna go back to being a little bit boring? Well, I wouldn't say that because obviously the quality of of play won't be as high, but you're also gonna be down the stretch here for who's gonna try to make playoffs. So the, the, the, the caliber and intensity of the NHL will now ramp up with 30 games remaining.


And so many teams still in the playoff picture, like the, the fact the, the way the point system is structured now, it keeps a lot of teams relevant later in the season to have a chance to make a run and, and, and capture a playoff position. I wanna say that there's like, you know, six, seven teams in the East that can still grab that, that eastern wire wild card position. And on top of that you kind of have this, this, you know, thing that no one ever thought was even possible in the ovy gold chase. Like no one thought Gretzky's goal record was ever gonna be broken. And they thought that with the way that Ovie was going and trending maybe coming off of last year, that it would take him two, maybe even three years to pass him. And it was gonna be like a, oh God, like this has kind of taken forever.


No, he hasn't slowed down one bit. He's still at his normal pace where there's a strong possibility that he breaks it like towards game like 80 to 82 in which game 82 they play the Pittsburgh Penguins Yep. Against Crosby. So for him to break that playing against Crosby, I think that that would be a, a monumental moment given the fact that these guys have carried the league for the last 20 years. Yeah. And they at the same time, do, Do you think that people in the NHL are surprised at how, how engaging it's been and how much people have loved the Four Nations? I think that people were optimistic going in. I think that a lot of people understood how good this American roster was and that all four teams had a possibility to win.


It does suck because the Fins had a few injuries on D which kind of made them the, the the fourth man out. But the, that game changed everything. Like the, even going back to the first game, Canada versus Sweden, Canada got out to the two nothing lead. And twice Sweden came back from two gold deficits and it went to overtime. It was this incredible three on three. And that kind of set the tone for everything. And I think that that made people even more interested. And then when that game happened, like, I don't know if you guys heard, but like you guys know who the K Truck brothers are? Yeah. There might be people listening who are, are not familiar. Walt Chu Keith is his actual name is a, a bonafide hall of famer.


He will be put on the Hall of Fame American player who scored 500 goals. He's not in the Hall of fame yet. The fact that he birthed these two children and Brady and Matthew should put him in the Hall of Fame just for that reason alone. They should put his sperm in the Hockey Hall of Fame in its own little section, maybe in like a, a cloning lab. If they wanna make more guys who can sell the game. Because these guys are like these WWE characters who are not only very highly skilled, they play fucking hard, they handle their own business and obviously if they feel threatened in any way, they'll punch your face in, especially if you're booing their national anthem. So they go out there, but that afternoon before the game, they started a text thread with a guy named JT Miller, who's been having a, a a a chaotic year with the Vancouver Canucks, who was then traded to the New York Rangers and they basically said, we're gonna flip the Bell Center in Montreal upside down right from the opening goddamn face off.


And then you guys saw the melee that ensued. So there are so many casual sports fans that are now obsessed with this storyline of these teams meeting back up on Thursday. This, this couldn't have been a better thing for the NHL. Yeah. This like makeshift experience that, that took over for an all-star game has basically now turned into World War iii. And, And it's, we, we, so this episode that we're airing before, you know, on Wednesday, we started the episode by saying this is the worst three weeks in like in sports calendar. There's just not a lot, you know, we're, we're in that dog days. N-B-A-N-H-L, this has just been incredible. They've just captured everyone's attention.


It feels like Thursday night is gonna be so much fun. I do have a question for you. Well, I have two questions. One, will it be a crisis when the US wins on Thursday? Is it gonna be like crisis in Canada? Like, oh my god, we've got nothing. I would say for a week straight, everybody's gonna argue about the lineup decisions. There will be conversations of blowing up Hockey Canada and restructuring the whole thing. There'll be dialogue about how hockey, youth hockey specifically is far too expensive. Yep. How much it is to rent ice, how much it is to buy equipment, how the, the, the common man has been weeded out. So it would be safe to say yes, it would be a national emergency if we lose that game on Thursday.


Yes. Okay. That would be fair to say. And then the other question I have for you, so on this same episode right before you came on, we are putting out the bat signal, we're gonna stream 'cause you guys are going to the game or, or you're not going the game. But wit and Yans and all them are going to the game Right on on Thursday night. What are you doing? You're, are you working? So I I've been on the, the road for a week straight and I've missed basically every flight's been delayed or, or canceled minimal sleep. I am gonna watch from my living room in peace. Okay, great. And zone in. And I'm gonna watch every goddamn second of that game. That's where I want to be on my couch outside the noise. Okay. So we might request for you to maybe zoom in between, between periods to, to give us a little update.


So we're gonna stream from this studio. Okay. We put out the bat signal for one a WL one listener of this show who is Canadian is gonna come watch with us. Okay. What do you think that person should be? We're gonna screen them basically all day trying to figure out who's who, who best fits it. But what do you think we should be looking for in our one token Canadian that we're gonna have sit right in the middle of us for this game? You should probably get somebody who has experience playing hockey growing up in Canada. Okay. I think that you should get a blue collar Canadian who's extremely passionate about hockey. Somebody who has a, a thick accent. Yep. You are in Chicago, which is pretty central.


It would've been funny for you guys to get like a maritimer or something. It might be easier for you guys to fly in somebody from like Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. Yeah. Maybe, you know, maybe Red Deer, Alberta, maybe, you know, get, get like a, a a a true westerner. I I would imagine somebody of, of of of that magnitude would have a big impact on the stream to bring their, their, their, you know, patriotic beliefs in the hockey, Canadian hockey to the stream. So if we Get it down to three finalists, can we, can I text you the three finalists and have you decide? You, I would assume that you can just tell by the look of them. We're gonna get them to send pictures in and like their credentials.


You, I, I would assume that if you just look at a Canadian, you can be like, all right, that's our guy. I would say give me a 30 to 62nd video of them describing why they deserve to be on the stream. And then I'll, I'll I'll make my pick. According to that, they have to provide maple syrup and every time the Canadian score that you have to do a maple syrup shot everybody in the room, that has to happen. Okay. If he's not wearing a Canadian tuxedo, he's not invited. Yep. Yep. I think that underneath the Canadian tuxedo, like under the jacket, he should go shirtless. Yep. Yep. And he should be wearing a to. Okay, wait, what are you gonna say Max? Hank and I are gonna try and get them on a Zoom to, to really get a vibe.


Oh, I Love do I I love that all so we'll. So we'll, we'll get, get us a three finalists, max 30 to second video, 36, 30 to 62nd video. And then biz will decide who the actual person is gonna be And ask them how they would solve the housing crisis in Canada. Okay. That should be their, Their little trick question to see if they, who knows, maybe he's the next Prime Minister. Yeah. Biz, how would you solve the housing crisis in Canada? I would just build more houses. I like the people who solve. It's a great answer. I like the people who solve it on Twitter and they just circle all of Northern Canada. They're like, why don't they build houses here?


That's it. I see that like every week they're like, why is there a housing crisis? Build them here. It's just a circle of like the most barren land that's just so cold, you know, 10 months a year. Like, just fucking put the condos here, dude. Oh, We'll get back to


Biz Nasty in a second. He's brought to you by Sleep number. Listen up. We're talking about something that's just as important as game day sleep. Did you know that 80% of NFL players have a sleep number Smart bed? That's right. These guys aren't just leads athletes on the field, they're recovering like pros off at two. And here's why The Sleep Number Smart Bed is all about customization. You can adjust the firmness on each side so couples don't have to fight over who gets the better setup. It's like having a referee in your bed, but no whistles. Just comfort. If you're waking up tired or feeling like you just got tackled in your sleep, this bed's got your back. Literally, it contours to your body even adjusts to keep you comfortable all night long. Plus the new Climate Cool feature is a total game changer. It keeps you up to 15 degrees cooler. So no more sweaty nights tossing and turning. Bottom line. If it's good enough for the NFL you've got, you've gotta check it out right now. You can save 50% on the new Sleep number, limited edition Smart Bed. Head to a sleep number store sleep number.com to learn more sleep number because your best sleep is your best performance. Go get it.


Paul Bissonnet is also brought to you by our great friends over at Truly it's truly time. It's the summer of truly coming up. Truly is delicious. I love the berry blast. I've got the, the Citrus Crush right here. Truly unruly. It is delicious. And it's 8% A BV. So it hits hard but still tastes amazing. Truly unruly is a hard, hard seltzer. It breaks all the rules, drinks light, parties hard. It's high A BV and it actually tastes good. It's the official hard seltzer of, Pardon My Take. Find a truly unruly at a store near you or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com. Now here's more.


Paul Binet, I got a question for you. If this game is so important to you, why don't you put why, why don't you, if you lose this game, you gotta move back to Canada full time. I would, I would do that. But if, if we win, then Trump can't even talk about one more fucking tariff. Okay. Deal. Deal. And he has to walk back the 51st State comment. Okay. Deal. Deal. He has to take the podium at the White House and he has to apologize to not only me, but all of my fellow countrymen about some of the inflammatory comments he's been making about taking over Canada. Okay. Okay. Deal. We, we, we've long been friends with Americans. He started this Yeah, I'm sorry about the booze, but they were not directed at people like you.


They were directed at the Orange man who called us the 51st day. The, the booze. I, by the way, we love the booze. I, I want, I want, I want there to be booze back. Like that's what makes sports fun. It's fun. I would say that that the, the, like the political climate of this game is at like the perfect place. Yeah. It's like, okay, it is serious. I don't think that the tariffs are gonna happen. I think he was joking about the 51st state. Let's buoy each other. Let's fight each other and let's go have beers after the game and, and, and say, hey, great job everybody. We did a lot for hockey. Yes. After a six, two Canadian victory with bejesus two goals, Mitchie Marner with a goal and assist Kale McCarr with one and one two and hopefully a Marshawn knuckle sandwich.


But could you imagine if we beat you and then you did become the 51st state? We would could together, we would never lose another Four Nations again. True. We would dominate. Think about that. We could, we'll, we'll add, we'll add Crosby to our roster. We could probably find this spot. I Think we got for maybe he's one spot, you know, getting a little older, but Probably not. Probably not. McDavid teach The Well he hasn't won anything. Yeah. Right. So we probably don't want Him on our team. Does that concern you that that McDavid Hass never really won anything and now you're counting on him to win the big one? No, it actually doesn't because it's motivated him even more to win this game. Got it. I agree with what you're saying. Everyone's gonna screw, Hey listen, I'm not being a hypocrite either. Everybody scrutinized Ovie. Yeah. Until he won, right? Yeah. But he won And then he won and then the monkey was off the back and then everyone called him a winner.


So for McDavid, yeah, I think he's won World Juniors. But this is, this is a way bigger deal. Would you? There's gonna be 15 million people watching worldwide. That would be my assumption as to how many people watch this game. This might go down as one of the most viewed hockey games of all time. So Mc Jesus has to win the big one. Now If, And the court will be passed If he, if he loses this one, would it be fair to say that he's the biggest loser of all time? I don't think that would be fair to say. Okay. All Right. Well I just asked, that was just a question. Is he the big, I'm not saying he's the biggest loser of all time. I'm just Asking. I mean, and and this is no insult to the bills or, or or is it Jim Kelly?


Is that Jim Bill? Yeah, Jim Kelly. Yeah. He did win. He or he did lose four times in the Super Bowl. Like straight. Right, right. Back to back to back to back. It seems Mean. But he never lost the USA in a, in a sport that his country created. It'd be like that's if he lost a Super Bowl to Canada in football. That's true. That's true. That's a good point. I wouldn't say he's the biggest loser though. I would say that I wouldn't either. My concerns would rise whether or not he can win the big one. Do you think there's a chance, McDavid, knowing how big this game is on Thursday night? Do you think there's a chance we see him not come off the ice?


No, I think he's play around. He doesn't want You have to. He doesn't off that ice. I would realize that I play all 60 minutes. No problem. They'd have to send the Mounties out there to, to arrest me. Yeah. And, and take me off the ice and handcuffs and horseback. This is what we're saying, dude. Like if he, if he wants it this bad, don't come off the ice. 60 minutes. So hockey is an anaerobic sport and, and it's just, you can't be efficient being out there the full 60 minutes. It's just impossible. Yeah. If you don't want it enough. Yeah, Exactly. Mind over matter. I I bet you if you ask One of the ka Chuck Brothers, they do it. Why Wouldn You wanna come off the ice to allow a guy like Sidney Crosby to also play 20 minutes. Oh, you gonna let another man fuck your wife too? Yeah. Like, come on, come on.


I'm staying on that ice. Does he want It or not? I bet you if you ask the kach Chuck Brothers right now, Hey, you could play 60 minutes if we ask you to. They'd be like, fuck yeah, we will. Well we're the Kuck and Canadians, we do like to share. Okay. Hey, come in here. Finish her off real quick and getting tired. Biz. I, the real reason we asked you On today is We're, we're, we're like the Bonnie Blues Biz. We love you. Do you think there's gonna be fights? You think we're gonna get, we're gonna see like at, at puck drop, first face off. Are they gonna drop the gloves again? So I was trying to do my best Don King impression And we had Drew Doughty on Postgame and he's had an individual rivalry with Matthew Kach since Matthew Kach entered the league.


They were both playing in the west at the time. Matthew Chu started with the Calgary Flames. So keep in mind folks, you know, the, the guy that you guys have been bag licking the most, the, the CHUs. They both started their careers in Canada. Brady actually still plays. You literally Talked about their father's firm and you're saying that we're liquors, They have honed their skills on Canadian ice. Brady has played for the Ottawa senators, which is the capital of Canada. That's where our parliament is. And Matthew started with the Calgary Flames. And when they would play against the La Kings and Drew Doughty, they'd always be battling. So I asked after the game, I said, Hey, haggle said he wouldn't back down and I know that you've had personal beef with Matthew Chu over the years.


If he asked you and challenged you to fight, would you do so? And he said I would do anything, anything for my country. So we may see fist the cuffs in that game. I don't think we're gonna see him at the drop of the puck. But if there's a big hit, maybe a little Tom foolery with running of the goal tender, I think there's a strong possibility that they shed the mitts and they go toe to toe. Toe to toe. Okay, so wait, so Matthew Chu started with the flames in Calgary. Yeah. And then he Alberta had to come Alberta beef. So he had to come to America to win a Stanley Cup. Is that what you're saying? He honed his skills.


Okay. On Canadian soil. Okay. Yeah. To Propel him to learn how to be winner. What happened Winner what? He came to America to propel him to learn how to be a winner. Just like all the people who played in the NHL who were Canadian, who settled in the United States, who helped you guys become a strong hockey nation. Does it? You can thank us. Now, Does it bother you when we bring up that Canada hasn't won a Stanley Cup in whatever it's been like 30 years. Even though every team that wins the Stanley Cup is full of Canadians Because we've been helping you and I hone your skills. You just slap a tariff on us for all the Canadians that are coming over here to play hockey. Exactly. And we didn't even ask for thanks for it.


All we wanted was your respect and dignity. And we've received none of it. Well that guys like you call him Conor mc Jesus. He's never won a big one. We got big guns like Austin Matthews certified winner that's gonna score a game winning goal Here. We got hockey boosting your economy and now there's threats of you guys crippling ours after everything we've done for you. So I would refrain from your booze that Boston garden there, Mr. Big Cat. Alright, so I got a question for you biz. The real reason we asked you on, okay, do you have a problem with your hands down your pants? I kind of, when I'm like, you know, nestling up to get a little nap, I don't mind having my hand on my junk.


Okay. I think that because there A video, there was a video that came out of the, of the Chiclets boys coming back from Canada down to Boston after the game on Saturday. And you were passed out hands so far down your pants. What? Do you have a statement about that? I think Al Bundy was onto something. Okay. Okay. Just keep it in for warmth. That was kind of fucked up. They got you dirty on that one. Yeah, they did. Kind of like how the American started the game. Sneak attack. This is war. I love this. And I'm hoping that Canada deploys the nukes like Tom Wilson. This is war.


We have our own guy that puts his hand on his dick. That that's Max. Max is just always, there's nothing wrong with that. It's comfortable. Yeah, it is. It's comfortable. I didn't, I sometimes I don't even, I don't realize that I'm doing it, which is bad. When you got big meaty clankers down there, you gotta meat them around somewhere. Yeah, That's, I just wanted 'em for, they, there are Canadian natural harm hand warmers. That's what we call them. Canadian hand warmers. I do put my hands down my pants all the time. And the CFL, the, the quarterbacks don't have the, their, that pouch, they just put their hand on their nuts in the midst of the game. That's the Canadian Football League. Oh, I, I'm, I'm so excited for the, this is just such a huge win. We talked about it on the over the weekend, but what hockey did to the NBA this weekend, it couldn't have been a, a bigger difference.


Like the NBA and I love the NBA and I love playoff basketball, but that was unwatchable on Sunday night. Whereas hockey has found something that has gotten everyone so excited and like, just, so I'm, I'm looking forward to Thursday night. Like it's a playoff game for one of my teams. Oh. And as if this game needed a little extra spice, there is rumblings that the greatest American defenseman on the planet who is too injured coming into the tournament is now gonna lace him up for the finals. He hadn't played one game, didn't even attend the tournament, and they're calling in the infantry. Yeah. Love that. Quinn Hughes. Quinn Hughes. This kid is unbelievable to watch. And for those of you who don't follow hockey much, if he does play, he's a water bug out there.


He's like a a a, you could also argue the fact that Kale McCarr is also a modern day Bob Ior. But the way that him and Quinn Hughes are able to move around back there and, and walk the blue line with their Shakira hips and, and, and their, and their edge work with their skates and how they're able to find lanes to the net and they're, they're, they're, they're a, a single man breakout. They don't even need anybody else on the ice to snap it around with. They could just take it up the ice themselves. They're fascinating to watch. Another guy to look out for Columbus Blue Jackets defenseman. Zach Walinski played at the University of Michigan. He's had a tremendous season because of, of the injuries that Quinn Hughes has sustained and some of the time he's missed. He could actually maybe win the Norris ahead of him.


I think that he should also be in the heart conversation also, based on what he's done for the Columbus Blue Jackets alone, Jacob Slavin, a smothering defenseman with a great stick. Another young defenseman in Brock Faber who plays in Minnesota, the, the general manager of team USA as Bill Gerrin. And he brought this youngster on the team and he has showed him that he looks like a genius for even adding him to the roster. Like he incredible shutdown game against the Canadians as far as the forwards are concerned. Jack Eel, he won a Stanley Cup with the Vegas Golden Knights. This kid is unbelievable the way that he moves up and down the ice, the way that he plays on the defensive side of the puck as well. The way that he's able to spread the puck out and distribute it yet being so reliable.


He is, to me, he's like Sasha Barkov for the, for the Florida Panthers. Just like that's how good he is at playing a full 200 foot game. Austin Matthews, who scored 69 goals last year with the Toronto Maple Leaf gig, Getty gig, he's a lethal sniper for the Americans as well. He has not scored a goal yet in this tournament. But look for him to potentially have an explosive game. I could go on and on Mr. Clutch Yeah. About all the talent that has been developed on the American side. All thanks to the Canadians. Those, those are some of the guys. We got two sets of brothers. Isn't that in? Isn't that largely in, in thanks to strong rugged American sperm That goes without saying. The Kuck brothers are the modern day Bash brothers.


They literally foreshadowed this in the Mighty Ducks movies about these two. Okay. The modern day Bash brothers. And they are wwe e superstars at the way they can also handle the mic. So I am grateful for these guys in helping grow the game, but on Thursday they're gonna get absolutely fucking worked. Mark my words. Alright, gimme Final score. Yeah, it prediction, final prediction. Six to 2 6 2. Jesus will rise, make Jesus will rise. They will light up hella buck in a, in an elimination situation when all the chips are on the table, he is unproven. He is unproven. And Canada will take advantage of that.


And Jordan the snowman. Bennington will have an incredible performance for the Canadians and net mark my Words. I mean, six two is is ridiculous prediction. Mark my words. It's disrespectful. An absolute spanking. And it'll be a message to you all the casual hockey fans. Whoa. And that orange man in the White House for threatening the tariffs on us. This, I mean, I I wasn't planning on booing. Oh, Canada. Oh, I'm Gonna boo now. But because of the disrespect you just demonstrated towards our country and I thought you disrespected us first. I thought we were friends. I thought we were friends or my Canadian brothers. I, I love them. But biz unfortunately had to open his big mouth and say all the mean stuff about the United States. Now I'm forced You started this. I'm forced to boo the national anthem.


Yeah, You started this and I didn't boo the national anthem. Yeah you did. I respect all the freedoms that this country has provided me and my family. I respect that you guys disrespected us first. Mm. We are not a 51st state. Mm. I can't wait till we steal your, I mean you should just shut down Can Canadian hockey? It's over. It's over. Are you, are you guys done? I actually have one last question.


Rollback question RHO bk.com pro go take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com, promo code take.


Where are you at right now with Blackhawks Twitter, because you've been in a beef over Connor Bedard. I actually had your back biz on the stretch pod. We were talking about it. I had your back. 'cause I do think the one thing that always drives me nuts is when people are like, oh biz. Like I I think they put up a graphic like Biz had this many points, Beard's had this many points in the last five weeks. Just because biz didn't score 500 goals doesn't mean he can't talk about the game. If anything, I'd rather have guys like you talk about the game because you didn't have all God's given talent and you had to work your ass off to get to the NHL. So I had your back on that. I think that's bullshit when people try to be like Biz babe, you know, had this many goals.


He can't talk about anyone. I may have been a plug, but I do understand the game. Right. I sat right, right in front of the coach most of my career, right in the middle of the bench and, and observed and paid attention to all the little details of the game every video session. And I had to pay attention to those details. 'cause if I didn't I wouldn't have been in the lineup. And if I would've messed one of those little details up, I would've been outta the lineup. So I was just trying to help Aard. I personally think I should be on the payroll with the Chicago Blackhawks based on me helping him train this summer on that hike we did. Yep. Helping him with his face offs at the Winter Classic. Yep. When we did that little video in which what's happened since his face off percentage has improved.


You're welcome. And then he was getting a little bit sloppy defensively. So I called it out. If the coaches don't wanna call it out, I will. 'cause you guys ain't gonna win no Stanley Cups if he's playing defense like that. So you're welcome Big Cat. Okay, so you're welcome. So, so so are you like, has it sied down? Ha have you talked to Bedard at all? I respect Black Hawks Twitter for having their boys back. Yeah, I respect that. But I was just calling it how I saw it. If you're going for a Stanley Cup Big Cat and there's a big fat juicy rebound in the front of the net, do you want your centerman, who's supposed to be in support swinging into the corner and not stopping in front to potentially rid OO of, of the danger of the puck just sitting there in the crease. What do you think?


I want 'em getting the puck out of there. That's what I'm saying. Yep. And that's all I was saying on television. Pass that test and then they got poopy pants. 'cause their team sucks and they're gonna be another lottery team. They're Yeah, the black House is not good. But I listen, I Bernard has played better since you, you made those comments so you I I appreciate you calling it out. He was incredible in the third period of that game. And then the next game he played against Nashville, given all the negative media attention surrounding it, he had a goal and assist. I think that although not like Nathan McKinnon dog in him or maybe like a, an assassin like ov, I believe that he does have dog in him and it will eventually be unleashed.


He's too stubborn not to become one of the greats. Some people are questioning his speed, his defensive effort, maybe his lack of compete in some situations. I'm not crazy about his body language some of the time, but I think that this kid is very young. He's very determined and he is gonna figure it out with my help on another fellow Canadian. Are, Are you, would you ever coach? You know what, I don't think that people would take me seriously as a coach given my like how big of a clown I am. Yeah. But maybe down the road I, I would consider it you'd be A good coach. I, I mean I think you would, just knowing you how you can relate to everyone.


I feel like that's half a coaching is being able to just talk to people and get on their level and you're able to do that. Let's say this after we eventually maybe win a, a Chiclets cup in which we're actually competing against you and Keith, the ans team boss. That's that's our team. Yeah. So let's, so let's win one of those first. Yeah. That'll be a good resume builder for you. That's true. I forgot you have been a coach of, of a team that has cannot win a roller hockey game. Let's, let's win that and then hopefully spend a little time with John Gruden allowing maybe some of his skills to rub off on me and, and then maybe I'll consider, okay. I'll consider I love, all right. I I had one last thing I wanna bring up because it was maybe my favorite, one of my favorite videos that I've seen this year.


You were lucky enough to sing on stage with Nickelback. Oh yeah. There is no higher honor that a Canadian man can get than that. Do you feel like maybe you blew the Canadian load too early? Like that's something you do after you win the Four Nations and now it's like, okay, Canada has reached its peak already. Paul Bissonnet was up there singing Rockstar with Nickelback. Where do we go from here? I never really looked at it that way before you mentioned it. And a and a little fun fact, Nickelback is Connor Mc David's favorite band. So maybe there was a little bit of jealousy and distraction at the fact that I got the Limelight with Nickelback and maybe that's why he's distracted from winning the big one. But you can't say the big one. I would say No, no.


Don't put those negative thoughts in my head. It was an honor to get up there on stage with those guys. I believe there are over 70 million albums sold worldwide and those guys could put on an unreal 90 minute show. They rocked it out. The Bird's nest. Jerome Mcg gla another fellow Canadian was in attendance. He scored 600 goals in the National Hockey League. I was just surprised that he didn't get asked up. There was other hockey players there. So I guess the, the Irish traveler situation is what put me over the edge and as the local citizen of the year. That's why I eventually got the nod and was able to perform. But quite the honor, nervous going in. But I gotta thank our boy Glenny Balls.


Yep. Who Was there who had actually already sang with Nickelback and gave me a nice little pep tac pep talk beforehand in order to calm my nerve. So I gotta thank only stance and, and he also got me a Bonnie Blue message for my, my Toronto maple leaf. So he's Just on fire. You Based my life coaches point, I think, I think you're in love with Bonnie Blue because he talked about it earlier. You mentioned her again and then I saw earlier today you said that you would eat her box if it meant that Tom Wilson would play on Team Canada. Yes. I think that it would be a detractor to the, to the, the Bash brothers. I call 'em the BBLs 'cause Keith de Chuck called the sons lunatics.


So I call him the, the, the, the the Bash brother. Bash brother lunatics the BBLs. Okay. I think that Tom Wilson, considering that Quinn Hughes hasn't played a game this tournament and they're gonna add him to the final roster, more than likely I figure that they, they should just open the flood gates and allow any person to now enter the tournament. So Tom Wilson is a very feared individual. He for checks like a motherfucker, he will take a 20 gamer and elbow you right in the jaw. And if he could be added to this And we could throw in the nukes, I would muck Bonnie Blue's bin Torso. Oh, Bishop the Best would Uck Bonnie Blue Waffle. Oh, everyone, everyone subscribed to Spit and Chiclets.


So biz on Thursday night we're gonna have you pick our Canadian and then I was talking to Grinnell as well. So we're gonna, we're gonna stream in here and because the boys are gonna the game, we're gonna try to get them to, to zoom in a little bit like during intermission And we'll try to hopefully get you on as well. You guys can actually tell us what we're watching. But hockey's back, I look forward to, to seeing this Canadian that you're gonna bring on and I hope he brings us luck. Yeah, Yeah. 'cause if he doesn't then I don't. He's gonna bring you free bird. That's what he is gonna bring. Yeah. You're gonna get free birded to death. We're gonna play Some free Bird. I have one last thing to say. Yes. Okay.


Boo. You my anthem. Who? My anthem. God. Goddammit. Biz. You're the best man. Thank you so much. We'll see you on Thursday night. There's gonna be a a a a what, what do they call it when they took all the booze away? The prohibition? Yeah, Yeah. Or taking away all America's booze and you're gonna be drinking maple syrup. That's it. Once we take over your country. Oh, all right. See you


biz. Paul Binet was brought to you by Hey dude. The windy and Wally are the original iconic styles that are the foundation of comfort at Hey dude, the Wally is Hey dude's. Go-to Guy. The first of its kind. The Wally design invites breathable chare T free elastic laces, pillowy arch support and ultra light soles to the party to inspire hours of ache free, sweat free comfort. I love my hey dude shoes. They're the best for wearing around the house. They're the best for taking the dog for a walk. Great. Just casual shoes to wear to the office as well. Instead of bulky toes, blocky construction, orthopedic gel soles that you might find in other quote, comfort shoes. Hey dude, shoes look cool. They're slick, they're sharp with any outfit. Hey dude is always evolving and growing with a classic all white to camo and fleece. There's a style that's perfect for everyone. Hey dude is unlike anything. Find your perfect pair of hey dudes@heydude.com. The official comfort shoe of Barstool Sports


Guys on Chicks is going to be brought to you by our good friends over at a rock on. Let's talk about the elephant in the room. Erectile dysfunction. One in four men, 18 years and older experience ed. Which means that you or someone close to you might be experiencing it. That's why I want to tell you about this new ed treatment gel. It's called Oxon. It's the first ed treatment gel with clinically proven results that you can get over the counter. While it may not work for everyone, studies showed success in over 60% of men. The best part, no prescriptions, no online questionnaires needed. Why wait, try Rocks On today available in stores and online. Visit aroc on us to learn more.


Okay Guys on Chicks. Let's go. Hank, let's Go. Let's go. Let's read. Let's go. Let's go Use that chip. Hey Guys. Long time listener. First time caller the other day, the other night during pre-game, my boyfriend and his friend both had to pee. Instead of taking turns like decent human beings, they decided to cross streams. My boyfriend says they saved water, which is good for the environment, but I think that maybe they're gay. Is this a normal thing for guys to do? They might have been. They not in A bathroom. Yeah, they might've been lying to you too. Maybe one Outside. I've done it before where you go to the bathroom and you Guys are pussies. I used to, I mean, Come on. I cross stream. I got no problem with this all The time. One dude pees in the shower, the other guy pees in toys. No, Cross, cross the stream is is Funny. It is funny.


It is stream war. Yeah. I'll be Honest also, these guys could have been thinking about Josh Allen winning MVP if they went to the bathroom together. Just throwing that out there. Yeah. But yeah, I, this is no, I do it with my son all the time. Yeah. Off that. I feel like the, I Do with, with you guys. I do. Max, I'll do It with you a hundred percent. I don't give a shit. Yeah, I I have not crossed streams like that probably since I was a kid. Yeah. I feel like, I feel like I outside like taking pisses outside. You just kind of do it next to each other. Yeah. But you not crossing stream, You don't actually have the sword fight. Yeah. No sword Fighting. No, I, I College I would cross dreams for sure. It's also What's your favorite drunk move to do in, in the bathroom? Like if you're like in with like a bunch of urinals.


I like to grab my friend's shirt and pull 'em back when they're, when they're taking a piss. That's always fun. That's A good one. I like just dropping trow all the way to the ankles. Yeah. That one's good too. Yeah. Just Ass out in the bathroom. Yeah. Or just lightly. Do you guys ever lightly just not piss on their shoes but piss close to their shoes? Give 'em a little warning shot? No. No. Okay. That's fun too, ma. I think Max and I are the same. You guys are not doing it right? I like really loading up for a fart in the bathroom. I have some friends in co they, they would just take videos of themselves taking a piss in a stall and just pissing all over. Yeah. Like Those make me Not even close to the toilet. Those are the meanest things, but they make me laugh every time I see the tweets where someone, it's someone like being like, you know, kicked out to Allen bang for three, you know, from way downtown and it's just them pissing on the, like in in the sink or something or on the ground.


You know what I like doing? I love those tweets. I like, I like going up to urinal at the same time as somebody. And then you agree to take like one step back every couple seconds. That's good. And you see you can continue pissing into the urinal the longest. Yeah. I Used to do the thing like carnival game. I used to do this thing in college where it was like a super crowded shoulder, shoulder to shoulder college bar and the line to the bathroom would be super long. So you would just go up and pretend like you're ordering a drink and just piss on the side of the bar. Oh yeah. Yeah. Still one of the funniest moments that I think of probably like once every couple months is on the floor. Yeah. On the floor, On the bar. Like you're like, Hey can I, you're you're talking to a Bartender? I you on the Floor. Yeah. You're like, hey can I, yeah, I've seen it. Can I get two trolleys as you're, as you're pissing on the bar?


My, we, I went to the Rose Bowl with all my college friends. I think it was the 20 whatever it was, the Oregon one. And we were just, we lost And we was pissed off. Went to dinner later, we're in a booth and like two of my friends, it was like one of those huge booths that like takes forever to get out of. And one of my friends on the end was just in a bad mood. He just started pissing in my other friend's lap across the booth and he couldn't get up. He pissed his pants. That shit's funny. He couldn't move. He was just stuck there. Oh. So he literally like jumped back. He's like, what the fuck? And there was just a stream of piss going into his lap. That shit's funny.


That's funny. Didn't It happen to Drake? Did it? Yeah, I think Drake got pissed on. Oh what? Like in what setting? I think he was like at a movie theater or something. That's awesome. Yeah. Dude, listen, maybe not like, I assume these guys are in their twenties. Yeah. This is when you do it, do it. Enjoy it. Piss on each other. It's Fun. It's funny, it's Funny. Very fun pitching in trash cans. Do that all the time when there's a like at a game. Yeah. I mean pee outside is way more fun than pee inside for sure. Yeah. Hi Big Cat in PFT. My boyfriend is in the group chat with Seven other guys he grew up with. They're all in their early thirties. They have a main chat and sub chats for certain topics. One of them is about sex and my boyfriend is the only one in that friend group that refuses to join that sub chatt.


Should I be proud of him that he keeps our sex life private or should I be concerned that he doesn't have some locker room talk with his boys. Thanks. He's in the chat. He, he just tells you that he's not at the chat Because he knows that you're gonna bother him and be like, tell me what's in that chat. Yeah. What did you say about me in that chat? He's in, he's probably the most in that chat. That's a, that's kind of a weird chat I feel like. Yeah, I feel like that stuff is like if you're single or like kind of dating around like that's college. If you're talking about like your fiance or like wife, it's just kind of like, all right. Like I, you know, you know them. Yeah. I Hit that. Yeah. It's What I Think. It's awesome if, yeah, if you're single and you're cruising but then the second your friend has a girlfriend it's like I don't want to hear that.


That's gross. That's gross. Yeah. Yeah. Kinda a weird chat But pisses on your guys. That's cool. For sure. Just so we know the lines, If it's in the shower, you, you're trying to prevent them from getting athletes' Foot. Speaking of shower, my husband, I'm 99% sure uses our shower as his jerk off spot. I've never caught him, but he usually takes very long showers and I swear the drink continues to clog worse and worse. He blames it on my hair getting in the drain or that he's pooping prior to showering, which is why it takes so long is he Pooping In the, however, I'm the one who always cleans our shower weekly and find, only find hair on the walls. Plus I've cleaned some questionable substance off the shower floor. What's my best course of action? Should I bust in the bathroom on one of his especially long showers to catch him or just ask him to jerk off somewhere else and call him out on it.


It's kind of gross, kind of awkward. You Can't ask him to jerk off somewhere else. Like is any place, okay. That should be one of the sacred places that a man has Also It is your hair. It is your hair that's clawing a Drink. Yeah. Yeah. It's not Semen. No. There's that thing that goes viral every year. Yeah. Somebody puts up a fake picture at their college that says like, you guys need to stop jerking off in the showers. 'cause it's clogging the drains. That's never happened. Yeah. Drains are robust in America. Yeah. Just let him shower, let him enjoy his shower. Also, it depends on the time. Like I, I, you guys probably agree like wintertime I take longer showers. I just get stuck in the hot shower and you also, and I just don't get out there. There's something to the shit thing too. Sometimes I Do that all the time.


Yeah. I'll turn the shower on, let it heat up while I'm taking a poop. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. He's not pooping in the shower unless he's doing the thing where you stomp on the, you stomp the poop Down the drain. Yeah. A celebrity that did that, I don't know. I thought there was That's definitely he's sitting on the toilet and jerking off while letting the shower run. Wait, You'd saying he's blumkin himself? Yeah, a hundred percent off. He's shitting and jerking off. He and jerking Off shitting shit. Then Jerk off. He's giving himself a blumkin. Yeah. Also, yeah. Google says no, a shower drain is highly unlikely to clog for steam Alone. Yeah. Makes no Sense. Yeah. I think that was a college myth. Yeah. Big time. Wait, there was, I, why am I remembering? There was some like I, it wasn't true. It was kind of like the Richard Gere gerbil thing where like some, a-list celebrity would just shit in every shower he ever went into in a hotel and then Just step mash it down the drain of his foot.


I wish someone would tell me, I think it was Jeff Goldblum. It might've been. Yeah. Alright, Last one. When football season ended, I was excited to spend more time with my boyfriend on Sundays. But this Sunday he played golf in the morning, got home around three, turned on golf and when that ended he immediately turned on NASCAR, which he's literally never watched before. But was talking about some parlay and how he had to watch, does it ever end? When can I spend time with him on weekends? Listen, this was a tough Sunday. This is the, he was trying to fill the void and come down from everything that's happened in the last five months. So you gotta give him this one. But yeah, he's gotta give you a couple. He'll give, he'll give you a couple Sundays here and there. That Is really push of the limits though, for a girlfriend that's, that's used to obviously football, basketball, baseball, hockey.


And then he's like, oh yeah, NASCAR. We're doing golf and NASCAR on Sunday. Yeah. But yeah, this was a tough, this was a transition weekend. Yeah. He can't just jump right into like, oh, you know, let's go apple picking or whatever the fuck You'd do. You can't really do anything in February. Well It sounds like you, they're somewhere warm. Yeah, It sounds like he golfed. Yeah, it's true. That Probably not. That'd be funny if he just went. That'd be funny if he just went to a simulator. Got a golf. Alright, good. Show boys numbers. Now that We're number one, one by the way, just, just clear That up. Oh wow. I was expecting you to say you had one for sure. Did you get close? Oh, You guys probably don't even remember Hank got it.


Yeah, he did. I was gonna say no. I was gonna say memes is whoop. Oh, memes. When are we gonna start really ramping up the pressure here? Because it's getting a little ridiculous. You've literally never gotten this, ever. An old machine, new machine. It's a problem. How Many days has it been? Can we check that? It's getting up there. We checked recently and it was still like a fifth of the amount of time that Hank went. Here they come. Hey you guys. You guys see? See Jack TikTok? TikTok King. I did. They're Talking about your TikTok. Absolutely. Jack crush. That shit Great. TikTok dude was shocked when I saw it. I was like, whoa. Great.


TikTok, Jack, you were, you were, you were the star of know how to put, you know how to put on headphones. You were the star of that. TikTok. Jack. Thank you. Jack, are you Canadian? No, I'm Not. How close to Canadian are you? I played hockey. Okay. Okay. Where were you born? Toledo? Nah, Canada. It's kind of close. I've been to Canada. Okay. That Counts. Alright. You'll be our ba. You Emergency Canadian. Sounds Good. All right. Numbers 2, 5, 3. Hmm. Memes. You're never gonna get it, so just say a number. A hundred. Okay. Is it in there? Yeah. Yeah.


All right. Yeah, we'll go 142. Shane. Nine nine p. It means looking at Pardon? My balls.com. 11. You've never gotten it? It doesn't count. Oh my god. 60. Oh, I saw the zero. What is your, what was your number? Memes was a hundred. Oh no. It was never I I saw like he's never gonna get it. The six looks like, so it doesn't even, there's not even a scare. He's never gonna get one day.


Nope. Love you guys.