
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a lot of sports to get to. We had NBA finals game. We have Stanley Cup. Final game five. We have our good friend Paul Binet on to talk about that. What's going on if the Panthers are gonna close it out. On Tuesday night, we got our also very good friend, smiley Kaufman, straight from Oakmont. He was on the call. He watched, he was with JJ Spawn in his group for the championship round on SAT on Sunday.


We break all, all the US open, talk down. We had a big trade in the NBA and a even bigger trade in Major League baseball. Got a lot of sports to talk about. Hank devs out. Sad. Sad. Okay, well we're, we're gonna get to all of it. We got who's back the week lottery ball.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA finals are finally here. And it's about to get wild, high stakes drama, insane buzzer beaters, jaw dropping dunks, and the excitement you live for. And guess what? DraftKings Sports booking Official sports betting partner, the NBA is giving you a chance to boost your winnings every single game during the finals. That's right. Every game, all finals long. DraftKings is rolling out a special NBA Profit Boost. So what are you waiting for? Download the DraftKings sportsbook app now. Use code take to claim your profit Boost. That's right. Code take gets you a boost for every single NBA finals game. Don't miss your shot at Big wins. This is the moment you've been waiting for Only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Boyd in Ontario. Get one NBA profit boost per game after opt-in Boost expires at the end of each game. Boosts bet criteria and maximum bet limits vary. See terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos. Okay, let's go. Football Guy. My take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. What are you waiting for? Download the DraftKings sportsbook app now. Use code take to claim your Profit Boost. That's right. Code take gets you a boost for every single NBA finals game. Don't miss your shot at Big Wins. This is a moment you've been waiting for only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Today is Monday, June 16th. And holy shit boys, Oakmont, JJ Spawn, what a Sunday of golf. The course fought back. Oakmont delivered. They did. It was carnage on Sunday. We had rain delays. We had everyone just dropping like flies. A crazy leaderboard. That was just everyone slipping backwards. And JJ Spawn, who started his day very, very much a Father's Day thing. He started his day at CVS at 3:00 AM because his daughter was throwing up. Ended his day winning the US Open. Incredible, incredible performance. He was dead.


He was, He shot a 40 on the front nine. Yeah. He was first six holes of the day, five of 'em were bogies, looked so lost, had some bad luck, but he was dead. And he just fights and keeps fighting. He made big shots. The tee shot on, was it 17? The, the obviously the putt to win it. I actually thought the, the the bogey save on 15 Right. Was huge. So I I was gonna tie that in because in the first, the front nine, he had five bogey. Yep. But you know what? He didn't have, he didn't have any blow up poles. He didn't Have blow poles. So that's What it's about at the US Open, right Hank? Yep. And on 15, that approach that he hit from the deepest of the cabbage. Yeah, I know he end up saving bogey on it.


But still you gotta, you gotta not blow up on those holes if you can't get excited about that type of golf shot. You don't have a pulse Hank As our golf expert. Can you just tell like, 'cause I obviously the the putt that's crazy. What Golf expert. Yeah, you are, you are the put on 18 to win it. You know, finish under par was insane. He had a good read. The, the drive on on Don't minimize it Was the drive on 17 where you only, That was the shot of A lifetime. That was the shot of a lifetime, but 15. That's save. What did you, what was going through your head as you're our golf expert when he hit that shot? You're Asking that question. 'cause you know I was asleep. No, No. We have no idea. It was just a great golf trip. It was great Golf. You guys talk about Father's Day naps and, and golf naps. I was, I was battling.


And then the rain delay happened and, and I don saw, alright, so Watch shot here we have the shot right here for you. Here's the shot. Hank Spawn. Hank's eyeing it up. He's like, no way is Spawn gonna go with Hank's just sleeping dead on the couch and watch. I mean, it was, there was a rain light. Watch him stick it, watch him Stick it. You watch him stick this hank It was just So thrilling. I knew, I knew. I was like, well, how could I not hear you guys? Oh, that's a great shot. Yeah, it's a golf shot. Great shot, great shot. And then Here's Hank's reaction. Back To the TV snoring world. Hank what, what happened today? 'cause I, I showed up at like five 30 PFT texted the group at four 15, was like, Hey, can someone let me in?


I'm here. You were here sleeping. I Texted PFT And we were gonna, we were gonna train. Yeah, we had a plan to train. Well, today Was day one of Hank being CEO of golf operations for PFT Incorporated. And we had a plan to train. We had a plan. I got here early. I was here at like two o'clock. I'm like, all right, I'm fired up. Watch the US open. The rain delay happened, rain delay. And I dozed off. And I figured when you guys got here, I was gonna wake up 'cause I, because like you guys, you know, are loud and I would've, you would've woken me up or been like, what's up? Or, or made a noise. But I feel like you guys, I now know you guys intentionally were quiet so that you could No, you could use this. You did open your eyes when I came in and I was like, I'm gonna go hit the simulator.


And then I went to the simulator practice for about an hour and a half. And then I came back into the golf room or into the, the room where the golf was on tv. And Hank was just passed out to where Yeah, I did. I would've liked a heads up. I would've liked, you know, maybe a nudge and been like, Hey Hank. I have a Question. Hank. I did make a lot of noise, by the way, when I came in. Yeah. I came in, it was probably, I think the final group was at like 12. And I came in and I walked before I could see the scene, I, I was yelling in the hallway. We got a golf tournament, boys, and then I see PFT in the back row, the gambling cave just sitting there. I was like, what? And then I looked up and it was just a dead body in the front row. And I was like, all right, I'm gonna go upstairs. I'll let, I'll let him sleep. Yeah. I would've liked to be woken up.


I was, I fell asleep. 'cause of the, to the delay. Like, I was like, all right, there's, he's So asleep. He's so Asleep. I came, this is, this is insane. On Father's Day, everyone talks about Father's Day nap. You take, Hey, I a question. At what point the shaming is disgust. Whoa. I nap. At what point does a nap just cross over into being asleep? Yeah. I was, every single nap that's ever taken place is asleep. What the fuck has question is that? Hey, well no, I'm Saying, but not every time Take a nap is asleep. But Not every time. What is that question? Not every time you're question is a nap. What? When you go to bed? False. False. When you go to bed at night, you Take a nap, you're asleep. Are you like, are you, is that's an insane question. You To, you had the blanket blanket on you at Work. It was when You go to bed at night, Hank, are you like, I just nap for eight hours?


What? No, I was asleep for at what, an hour and a half? It Was about two to two and a half hours. An Hour and a half. No, no, it Was at Least two hours. No, no, no. At least two hangers. I want it Was, it was a long time tank. It Was a long time. No, because I got there at about 4 0 5 and then you didn't wake up until I think six 15 or six 20. That's a long nap, Hank. Yeah. This is crazy. This is crazy shaming from you guys. Wait, no. Yeah, Hank, I got here at five 20 and I texted PFT at six 20 saying, is he still asleep? He said, yeah, he's been asleep for a little over two hours. Well, alright, whatever. I don't, I don't know. Hold on, hold on.


I would like to be woken up. You guys just used, this is crazy. Hey Hank. Hold on. Nap. I Was here before. Anyway. Naps all ready to go. Golf naps are Great. If there wasn't a fucking rain delay, I wouldn't have fallen asleep. But gr golf naps are great, but you have to time them. I took my golf nap today. Okay. Okay. Mr. Fucking nap. Nap. What I did, I took my golf nap between, I think it was like I I I bet on holin. So I was, I was dialed into Holin. I think I tweeted, I was like, I'm wow. I bet he sucks right now. I said, I'm gonna try to take a rally nap. I slept from like whole three to seven. You gotta the Fred night. That's Yeah. No, my bad. I'll, I'll, I'll consult you on my naps next time You to get, I'm just saying be a pro. It's a fucking major dude. Hank Brings up a good point. This is actually our fault. It Is, It is. We should have woken you up. Alright, so as our golf expert, what'd you think about that approach?


Shot on 15. It's a good shot. It's Great. It was a great shot. It Was a great tournament. Oakmont. Here you go. Hank Oakmont fought back. Good job. Thanks. Yeah, you're right. It had teeth. Although do we think it was a little weather assisted because, well, no shit. He was napping during that too. Yeah. Well It got harder though. It got harder. That's what I'm, I'm saying the weather assisted the, I feel not being hard. I feel a Little bit bad for San Burns. Yes. Because he, he apparently got fucked by the ruling from two rules officials. Yep. I don't, I don't pretend to know the ins and the outs of the golf rule book, but I saw a lot of people, usually online people are, are pissed off that golfers get Mickey Mouse rulings from the rules official and they're like, I, I have to play through this one.


I play, why aren't these guys having to play through it? Everybody was mad at the, at the rules officials because of this. Is it the Kyle Porter video? Yeah. Of him stepping on the ground where, where Burns just hit his shot. It's just water and there's this water squirting outta the ground. But apparently the rule is like, if you press down on it with more than your body weight, then water, it's fine if it's squirts up, it's just if you're standing there and the wa so now people are debating whether or not he was pressing down hard with his foot. Yeah. And if that should have been a ruling in the other direction. But yeah, him Burns Hatton had some questionable shots that might have been assisted in terms of the course. Getting a little, a little leg up. Yep. Not being able to hit through the rough anymore.


Holin never could break through. Adam Scott was like, I feel like the guy that everyone was rooting for. Do you know Adam Scott's played in 96th Street Major or major tournaments? Isn't That crazy? Yeah. I believe it Since 2001. I believe. Hank, I'm sorry. Listen, you're is like the, we we just created our own Stephen A. Smith solitary issue. Our expert was, was playing solitaire during No worries. I would Rather you be asleep though than play solitaire. Yeah, true. Because If you're playing solitaire, you're awake and you're, you're choosing Yeah. To not watch What did you can you can't control when you sleep. What did you think about Oakmont overall? Hank Hey, you were right. It came back. It was a fun tournament. Fun to watch. I I Like tournaments when it's Golfers struggle. I have a question for you, a hypothetical for you.


Sure. Who do you think would've won if, let's say it was 144 holes and not 72 holes? Scotty? Yeah. That's the answer. Brooke. No, Scotty. Yeah. No. Dan Rappaport said that if this tournament lasted 144 holes instead of 72, I have zero doubt that Scotty Scheffler would win it. That's another way of saying he's the best player in the world. Thanks for coming to my TED talk. Yeah, well, I mean, if, if a golf tournament was 5,000 holes long as changed. Scott, he changed the rules. Scotty would win that too. Yeah. Yeah. If we just changed the rules, then Scotty would win it. I have a Fun fact about JJ Spawn. Yeah. All right. So this was, Joe Pompano tweeted this out. He lost 40 pounds from 2017 to 2021 because he thought that he had type two diabetes.


So he is like, fuck that. I'm gonna lose weight, gonna get, get my A1C under control. Lost 40 pounds, kept losing weight, wasn't getting any healthier. And then he found out two years later he actually had type one diabetes. Oh. So how do they fuck that up? I Don't, if you have two diabetes, you don't have one. Yeah. And that's gotta be the biggest relief of all time being like, oh shit. Well I actually can't control this. Yeah. Unless I get medication for it. So now I don't have to worry about losing weight anymore. Yeah. That rocks, that's Huge for me. Yeah. I can eat whatever I want. Yeah. And he, he, he probably did gain a little of the weight back and then he, he's got a good Golfer's body then he got better after he stopped dieting. Yeah. I'm just, There's a lesson in there. It is nice to see one of these guys who wins, who maybe doesn't have the best body.


Yeah. You know, he's just out there hitting great shots. Dad bod. Yeah. He's got dad bod for Father's Day. Hank, here's another one you got. Right. Your hatred for Rory has aged like fine wine. He's the worst. He's the worst. Yeah. Rory just bitching all weekend. He did have a great club toss Though. Oh, the club toss is Elite Threw the club bounced back at him. You'd think Adam Scott would be able to throw a stick like that. Yeah. What, what, what's his problem? I think he's just, he's, I think he's done with golf. He's mad at internet trolls and blaming the media, which like, there's not media that are unfairly. He's saying the media Media sucks 'em off against them. Yeah. But it's, I don't really think it's like someone online said they were looking like, trying to find evidence of media, like being unfair against 'em.


It's just people online. I I think it's, But he's taking out on the media. It's Theri it's the driver thing. We're gonna get into it a little bit with Smiley. It's the driver thing at the PGA championship. Well, I think it's also the live thing where it's just all these guys are competing in the majors and have made so much money. Yeah. And nothing, there's been no real repercussions. I I will. And there's also a framework for a deal for them to, to work together. It's a Blueprint. A blueprint. I will, I will say something in Rory's favor about the whole media thing though, and the PGA thing. I understand why he would be upset at the PGA Rory put his dick on the line. Oh yeah, definitely. For Two years being like, I'm a PGA tour guy. It's about legacy. It's about the kids.


He said and did all the right things. And then at the PGA championship, they leaked that his driver was one of the ones that they had to pull out when he, they didn't mention anybody else's driver. They leaked his name specifically after he had just been the one that was out there taking all the bullets for them. Yeah, I understand why he would be pissed off about that. But he did also act like a bitch. Yeah. He's just, he's just a baby all the time. Yeah. Well it's Crazy too. Like, It seemed like he didn't care about this tournament. He's like, once you win the Masters, it's like, that was the big hurdle in my career. Right Now, I can just focus full time on only winning the open championships. He, I think he even said that. He's like, I, what, what was the quote? If I can't get motivated to get up for an open championship at home, then I don't know what can motivate me.


I climb my Everest in April and I think after you do something like that, you've gotta make your way back down. You've gotta look for another mountain to climb and open at Port Rush is certainly one of those. So he's essentially admitting that he just kind of, once he won the Masters, he's like, I'm Good. I'm, I only care about tournaments that take place in the UK now. Yeah, yeah. Now, there was a moment when the, the rain delay happened where instead of sticking around the course, they played a flashback to Torry Pines in 2008. That was awesome. I mean, it's just, I I didn't wanna stop watching that. It was Just a reminder of how awesome Tiger Woods like that, the po the long pot he made. Like Yeah, I agree with you. I I, I could, I would've been fine if they were like, Hey, we're gonna play on Monday, but just keep watching this. Yeah, I did.


I actually, I went and I watched the entire playoff on like two times, two x speed on YouTube as the US Open was going on. Yeah. It's, it's very, they should just have that, it should just be the tiger rain delay. That's every single time. Yeah. It's ever a rain Delay. Smash the tiger button All time rain delay though for JJ Spawn because it did, and Smiley's gonna explain it, but like, it felt like he was lost and that rain delay helped him so much water. They even Oak Oakmont even takes on water better than anyone else. There was like, it started raining and all of a sudden it was just a pool on the fairways. Yeah. That's how elite the course is. It was great. They had to bring out the guys with the rollies, the squeegees, the green squeegees. Yeah.


Shout out to those guys. Some of the Steelers fans, they were chanting. Here we go, squeegees, here we go. Oh, love that. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. Good tournament. Great, great Final round. Felt, felt, even though it was just like everyone was, 'cause it was, there was a few guys that were under par to start the day. And then it just, that that stretch where everyone was losing like was giving up strokes. It was just chaos. Because I, I don't remember a tournament where there was a moment where it felt like there were seven guys who were still very, I mean Scotty and Rom sitting in the clubhouse were Very much in it. Rom had to post up at the clubhouse for like six hours. Yeah. Just waiting for it to be done. 'cause and it did look like, actually I would say if the tournament had gone on like another six holes I think would've won.


I think Ram and Scotty Maybe, or Rob McIntyre. Oh yeah. Rob McIntyre would've been the first lefty ever to win the US Open. Yeah. That would've been crazy. And and he gave a a thundering round of applause. Yes. When JJ Spawn made that put, if I was him in that situation, you would not catch me clapping. Yeah. I would be so mad. I'd be so mad. You just lost $2 million in the US Open. Yeah. Also, we gotta figure out something. We love Scotty. We gotta figure out something with the hair. We gotta go to Turkey. We gotta do something. Maybe just, just pick it. It's I, because Steve Austin don't think, I don't think Scotty looks good picking it. What'd you think about Jason day's? Controversial comments. What Were those? He said A, I might've been napping Cleveland Bronze fan first, but his second favorite team is the Steelers.


Oh, That Doesn't work. I don't like that. That Doesn't work. That's Tough. I don't like that. Where's he from? Australia. That's those teams. Does he know they they don't like each other. He lives in Ohio. Does you know the Browns in Because he was wearing black and gold. Like I was at a Steelers thing. He's like, well no, you know, I love the brown, but my second Favorite. He might've been being cheeky at Oakmont. No, he said he is like, I know I'm gonna get crush for that. Oh. Oh, I like that. Do do again, again. I know I'm gonna get crush For that. I know it's absolutely al thing to say about American football. However, Scotty, we gotta we gotta Fix it. Jason, this is like saying I loo I root in state of origin for both sides. Right. You can't root for Queensland and you can't root for the blues.


It's absolutely disgrace for you to pick both sides. Those, those teams, verified teams. Scotty's gotta do something that's bad. Yeah. Well, Scott, it goes, it goes with his vibe. It goes with his vibe. Yeah. He is an old man. Yeah. I don't think he does what? You don't think he cares? Yeah. Yeah. No, I don't know if he cares, but I just feel like, isn't it, I don't know. You're you're a hair plugs guy. P ft. I know. Like, don't you have to do it now, otherwise you'd lose the chance to do It. Oh no, he, no, he is got some time. Oh, you can do it. He's got some time. I mean, tiger Woods can still do, PFT Is self-absorbed and self-conscious though, so it's a little different. Yeah, it is. I don't think Scotty cares. If I was Scotty and I was 28 years old, I did it when I was 38.


Scotty at 28. I would, I would up. It's crazy. Is he actually still 28? Think about No, I think he's like 30. Okay. I say, Or is he 29? His age has always been so funny. He's, oh no, he, he's 28. Is he really? 28? Yeah. He Turns 29 in, in on Saturday. If I was, if I was Scotty, I wouldn't do it. Tiger didn't do it. Yeah. He had a pretty, he had a pretty good career. It is the one sport that you can consider not doing it just because you wear a hat the entire time. Yeah. Stewart sink. He's shown everybody that nobody really cares what goes on underneath that hat. Yeah. The one golfer's tan picture that he had All time. All time.


Legendary. Should We talk some NBA Finals? It's two, two great series. I think actually the, the, you you had the, the Stanley Cup final up three, two on the NBA final. Yep. I think it's three. Three Now It's three. Three now. Three. Three. Game. Game four was awesome. It was SGA. It was SGA basically being like, this is why I won the MVP. This is why I'm the best player in this series. He was, had 35.0 assists. He basically took over in the fourth quarter down the stretch. He scored I think 15 points in the fourth quarter, including that maybe controversial push off slash whatever happened. Maybe travel.


There's like four things that could have happened. But the end result was an incredible shot by SGA. And that corner three he hit, he basically was like, I have to win this series myself. And he did it in that fourth quarter. And Rick Carlisle classy said, don't talk bad about Scott Foster. Scott Foster's my friend. Oh, he's a great referee. I don't like all this discourse regarding the extender. It was just SJ being dominant. Yeah. That's all it was. No, he was, He was eight. He was dominant. They were down by what, seven, I think seven to start the fourth. I think they were down, I think they were down eight To start the fourth. And SGA just said, I'm gonna do it on my own. Yes. And I, and he didn't have an assist, which is kind of crazy. 15, 15 points in the final 4 38 of the game.


That is one of those games that if you're a Pacers fan, like you felt it felt for three quarters they had 'em. Yeah. Like when Obie Toppin was dunking on people's heads and hitting threes and it felt like the thunder were completely on the ropes and it was just, okay, they gotta do something. And also the Thunders defense like that, that's the crazy part about the Thunder. I feel like they just hit, they turn up the button where it's like, Hey Lou Dort now Gru. So, and a lot of people would say, you know, there's a lot of fouling and it's very physical, but the way they can turn up that defensive intensity, they completely shut down the Pacers in the fourth quarter. If Pacers had one assist in the fourth quarter, they didn't have a bucket for a really long stretch.


And now it's two two going back to OKC, it looks like, as I mentioned on Friday show how the Nuggets Thunder series went, where it was like, you know, game one Nuggets stole one crazy game two, the, the, the Thunder killed them. Game three, the nuggets went similar thing. It actually also, people were pointing out, it's similar to the Celtics Warriors finals where the, the Celtics stole Game one on the road two, one Lose, Lose, lose badly in game two, then win game three and then they were up in game four. That was fucking a man That was fucking a man. Yeah. So Do you, I'm pretty sure Do you think that Steph Curry Yeah. 'cause you guys were up in that game. Yeah. And then lose that game.


Then it was like, well, there it goes. Yeah. Because then they go back to Golden State win Game five, win the series and six. Do you feel like that is gonna be similar to what happens now? Yes. Remi Reminder, the Pacers have not lost back to back game since March 10th. So, but you think that that was but That was the Pacers. That was a, that was a, that was their game to lose. And they did. And, and now I feel like the series is over. Like Yeah, the, the Pacers have been winning the series and it's tied and I mean the, yeah. The Pacers have been winning the series. Now it's tied The thunder know they're the better team and they can just step on their throat. Oh, so you think Thunder and six still? Yeah. Max, you're shaking your head. Shaking your head. It just, The Pacers look like the Pacers controlled that game for I know.


Correct. Almost the entire, that's, That's the devastating part. They were, they were, but They did the same, same thing after the, after the Thunder one, game two. Well, no, the Thunder killed the Pacers in game two. But like, you were like, alright, alright. It's over like the, now that the Thunder Oh, I'm not saying it's over. I'm, I'm just saying the Pacers, I have a feeling we're gonna look back and be like, the Pacers were 12 minutes away from basically winning the NBA finals. And that I, listen, I'm Not, I'm not, you gotta stop counting out the pages. I'm not counting out the pages six. Hank is. I am. I have, yeah. I I'm sticking to counting them out. They Are as resilient, as Resilient gets. But I'm just saying like, that was, that game was theirs. It was, it felt like the Thunder had no answers and then it was just SGA and he did it.


And I'm always surprised by how deep his voice is every time. Oh, he's got a great voice. Yeah. He's, he's, his voice is so much, he's got a seven footer voice and shout out Alex Caruso. Yeah. 20 points. Yeah. 20, 20 points Plus 14. JW had 27, I believe. Like they, they all, they all chipped in and Yeah. Incredible. And Lou Dort was just a monster. And Scott Foster extended the series. He did his job. People are gonna say, you know, Scott Foster, I think it was, I saw a stat there was 21 minutes. More of the game lasted 21 minutes longer than Game one. So he extended that game. He extended the game. So I think I I've been saying Thunder and six, I actually think it's gonna be Thunder and seven. The Pacers, they just find a way to surprise you.


They have, they find a way to win games that they don't lose back to back. Yeah. They will win another game. It's gonna go seven. I agree With you. It's, it's, I'm, I'm, I'm going off of the Nuggets Thunder series where it's gonna, I think the Pacer win game six, I'm going off of the NBA wanting to make money. And even though it's small markets, the fact that it could go seven is way better than if it was a four game sweep with big markets. Yeah. The big story of the game, Stephen A. Smith caught in 4K playing solitaire during the game and then lied twice to try to get out of it. Where, so for people who missed it, who don't live online, there is a fan took a picture behind Stephen A. Smith during the game and it's Stephen A. Smith mid solitaire game Locked in.


He that starts going viral. Stephen a Smith's like, ha can't multi. He said, yep, that's me. Who would've thought I can't, I can multitask. Especially during timeouts. Hope you're all enjoying the NBA finals. This is going seven or what, what'd he say? What you scroll up. This is going seven games now peeps. And then there was a video that just showed him also having it open while the action was going on. Or you have to finish your game. Well, I, so I'm not gonna try to defend Stephen A. Smith here. It's a bad look for him because it wouldn't be a bad look if he didn't have just the most ridiculous takes all the time and like, attack people and do the Tyrese Halbert and trying to call me out.


I'm, you know, a lot of guys called me out and we'll see how that goes. He's an antagonist. Can we at least say like, it looked from afar like he was dominating that solitary game and like you kind of have to keep going with it. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You don't stop the game just because it came back from time out. If you're on it, Look at that stack Here on the left. If either you close it out, Look at that stack here. That's the diff that's the difference between Stephen A. Smith and guys like Halliburton. Halliburton didn't show up after the game Right. Or after the ti after the timeout, he kind of took his foot off the gas. Stephen A. Smith went harder right After the timeout. It was very funny that he did that. He, that he tweeted that out and then everyone's like, oh, here's the video. Now the video didn't actually show him looking down at the Solitaire game when Yeah, he, he, he had a nice stack going like, that's a clean game.


Do you guys know how to play solitaire? I do. A Little bit. If you had, if you had a stack of cards in front of you right now, could you do It? I could play it online. I couldn't play it with a, with a Deck cards when it tells you No, you can't put that card here right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Me tell Where Yeah. Where it bounces back. Yep. There's nothing better when all the cards start jumping Max would, would you A big solitaire guy? I I I've dabbled in solitaire before. Yeah. My mom's a big solitaire person. She, I, she has like a, a MacBook and I, I think all she's ever used is solitaire. Do you do three card or one card? You can go a three card. Like when you I'd Have to look. It's been a while. A long time. You draw three cards and you can only use like the first one.


I think I hard three card is hard. I do one card. Yeah. One card is Yeah. One card's. The way to do it, This is a dumb question. Can you play Solitaire against somebody else? No. I think it's A, I know it's called Solitaire. I think you could like maybe for Time. For Speed. Yeah. For speed. Like two people have two decks to see who finishes first. Is there a game he could have been playing that wouldn't have gotten this reaction? Because Solitaire is a kind of a boring game. You'd agree right? Max? Yeah. It's a boring game. Temple run. No, I think it'd be like, I get it. If he Was doing like Farmville or whatever. Pokemon Go Pokemon Of Clans. People love Clash of Clans. If, if, if Stephen A. Smith had the, what was the one that went viral where you would catch Pokemon out in the wild Pokemon Go that Pokemon Go Pokemons.


Yeah. Yeah. Pokemon. If he just like getting a char guard Yeah. In the middle of the game. Yeah. That would be kind of cool. It Was on the court. Yeah. It was like everybody thought that he was creeping out on Caitlyn Clark, but he was actually, there's a char guard sitting in her seat. Oh it's, I mean, I don't know what he's he'll spin his way out of it. Yeah. And I don't think anyone, anyone at ESPN cares because he gets ratings. Yeah. But it is a bad look in the fact that this is his number one sport and he's gonna go on, gotta be locked in. Gotta be locked in. You Remember a couple years ago he was talking about some players on the Chargers that hadn't been on the team for like two seasons. Yeah. Yeah. So when he makes mistakes like that, then people Just, that's gonna come Up.


People just point to the solitary. Yeah. You gotta let, you gotta you gotta establish to everyone that you're a moron. That's the thing is he's too proud. Like we, we here establish that we're morons and make mistakes all the time. Yeah. And when you make mistakes all the time, who, you know, people can't be like, oh man, you weren't locked. Yeah. I probably wasn't locked in. Yeah. So, so if I, if I like screw something up in a Thursday night, football recap and there's a shot of me playing a flight simulator on my phone during the third quarter. Sorry. Guess what? I am. But a man. Yeah, That does happen. Oh, you're playing a little salter now. No, keep the sound on. We can't keep the sound on. Why? Because you'll hear it. Yeah. I want to hear, I wanna hear you.


What's your first move here? I just put the, I just put the, the black four under the red. Five. Oh we got na. So let's put that Move The two. Oh, there you go. Yep. There you go. Oh, we're cooking. This is good. Is there a game that people would've been actually the other, the opposite reaction impressed if he was playing it while this, while the game was going on? Yeah. I think Clash, clash of Clans would be Clash of Clans. He'd get a Lot of respect. I think if he, what if he was sick? A geo guesser. Ooh. As it was going on. That'd be good. Yeah. What? I don't, I don't even know. I mean, it would've been obviously hilarious if he was watching porn. Yeah. If he just had a side of porn, I would've liked that. I always Have, I always have respect for, for the real like perverts who watch porn not jerking Off.


Yeah. They just watch it. They're just watching porn just outta like, Hey, I'm just gonna have this on in the background. Yeah. Lamar Odom, he would do that, right? Yeah. If he had, yeah. Or what if he had like Instagram reels up And we just had some some big titty things going on. Big Booties. Yeah. That Would've, that wouldn't have been terrible. No. I mean, listen, this is what you're gonna get with Stephen A. Smith. Yeah. Okay. Stephen. A Smith is a personality. He's not, if you think that Stephen A. Smith is an expert at basketball, no I don't know anybody that watches him to be like, I want to get smarter about basketball. In fact, you watch Stephen A. Smith because you want to get dumber and angrier Right. When you learn about basketball. Right. And this is exactly par for the course. And he's gonna, he's gonna somehow work the Lakers into every single conversation.


Yeah. You know, even though they, they were eliminated two months ago. But it was very funny. Stephen A. Smith, I'm sure he'll survive, but every time he does make mistake it will, it will come up. Solidary. Okay. Other NBA stories. The magic made a Trade. They did. The magic got better. The magic did get better. They gave up a lot of picks. Four first round picks and KCP. Everybody's looking at the number of first round picks that they gave up and comparing it to the Luca trade being like, they, they overpaid. It all depends. Yeah. Well I, alright, so it was a lot of first round picks. I do like that. The magic they needed shooting Paolo's really, really good.


Franz is really, really good. Hank you said it when you guys played the magic, like if they had shooters. I, I always like a team actually trying to do right by their young star. Desmond Beta is one of the best three point shooters in, in the league. Was it a lot? I don't know. But they at least tried to get better for Paolo. Are they all in? I like that. I I feel like they're all, they might Be all in. Yeah. I mean They also might this, could this also be Pacer's disease? What do you mean? Teams see that the Pacers make this type of run and they're like, oh, Anybody could do it. We could do this. Anybody could do it. Yeah. This could be Us next year. I Well, you know what you can say is like Pollo. No more excuses. No more Excuses. You gotta be the guy now you got Desmond Bain now They invest in you.


You got Bain. You got Bain. Now it was a lot of picks to give up. Yes. But also in the NBA if you have a good team, you don't really need that many picks. No, no. I mean if you're, if you're gonna be really good and that's their plan, those picks are not gonna be lottery picks. So what is Desmond Bain's wingspan? 'cause I heard what memes said. T-Rex. They're calling him the T-Rex. How, how far is his By the way, max is good at solitaire. He's, he's, he's crush He's actually playing really well right now. I want you to, I want you to win this. We're not gonna Find out his wingspan, but he's playing. Yeah. He's busier now. This, we've Literally, I'll I will finish. I I I have to finish a Solid thing. We've literally just Stephen A. Smith ourselves where it's just, you're Bain was negatively evaluated leading up to the NBA draft for having a short wingspan, a quality perceived as a necessity for capable wing defense.


I'm not seeing what the actual Six six with a six four wingspan. Okay. That's, he's got negative four. Here's a stat for you. Desmond Bain is one of three NBA players with 800 made three pointers in 40%. Three point shootings since entering the league in 2020 and has shot 43.2% on catch and shoot threes in the last five seasons. That's pretty fucking good. That's Really fucking good. That's kind of what they need. Only Nine players have a negative wingspan in the NBA. That's crazy. It's like a hundred percent of this office. Yeah. Yeah. Gruden had us do it And we were, I was negative. I Don't think I am. I Think, I think Frank, the tank bodied us. He did. Yeah. I had a plus one and for a while I was, I was the leader in the clubhouse like, like Rom and then Frank came in and he put up like a plus five or a plus six.


Yeah. And then also Kevin Durant said he, he has listed his teams he wants to go to. Yeah. The Rockets, The heat and the Spurs. Okay. Good organizations. I kinda wanna see 'em on the Spurs. Yeah. I wanna see anyone really good with wimpy. The question is, do those teams want Kevin Durant considering what they're gonna have to give up to get 'em? Very good question. I mean, he's only got one year left, so there's a very, there's a least a decent chance that Kevin Durant is playing for two more teams before he retires. Yeah. It'd be awesome. Everyone just loves, is obsessed with talking about Kevin Durant's legacy. What if Kevin Durant just tried to play for the most amount of teams and that was his legacy.


That'd be a great Legacy. Wouldn't that be smart of him at this point being like, Become the Josh Johnson of the NBA. Yeah. I'm gonna try to figure this out. I'll play six, seven more years. Maybe a couple midseason trades. But let me try to play for every single franchise and then they have to love me. Well I think this, this is a, a legacy defining move right now I'm gonna say it. He needs to, he needs to win a championship with whatever team he goes to in this trade. Oh. Because he's cherry picking the teams. True. Right. True. If he doesn't do it, then his, his legacy in my eyes it takes a ding. Wow. I'm gonna ding him. I'm gonna say if he wins with the heat legacy way up.


'cause they don't really have much. Yeah. But no, I, I would only And Tyler Hero who doesn't believe in history before 1950 And I saw that. Yeah. In terms of, of legacy moves, I would say the strongest legacy move would be to win one with the Rockets. Oh, I think that's the Weakest. I think that'd be the biggest. Because you go to Miami and it's like, oh well you're just copying LeBron. Yeah, I, I see that. But the Rockets are very good. They were the two seeds. Yeah. So if he could be like, if he goes to the Rockets, okay man, they were already ready to go. They were already a young team. I think Spurs might be his best legacy move because he can be like, he showed Weby how to do it and then Weby goes and wins a bunch of titles and then Weby does a bunch of interviews saying I wasn't a winner till Kevin Durant Showed up.


He showed me how to win. Yeah. When it mattered. Yeah. So He not only has his legacy, but he technically has Wendy's legacy too. But if he goes to San Antonio, I, I view that as just an extension of the David Robinson legacy. Yeah. David Robinson. Tim Duncan, Kevin Durant, then Weby. This is Where we're, I just looked up and everyone just locked in on Max's soli. Yeah. Well we do. Well we're Doing very important legacy talk here. This is extreme important. The whole booth is just so, so Dialed in. The Soli talk might be in trouble too. We may be in trouble. I don't know if I'm gonna, I may, I may lost. We were deep into the legacy talk. Really Breaking it down.


Yeah. And look up and it's just like no one's listening to anything we're saying. It's just solitary. I I, I almost think the best legacy move he could do would be to go to Oklahoma City. Finish what he started. Yeah. Or go back to the Warriors. Yeah. And just be like, this is, we win another one with the Warriors. That would be a good, good legacy move. Go to the Wizards, your hometown. Elevate. That would be a Elevate them win a title there. Yeah. He's got some legacy decisions to make. Kevin Duran, if you're listening to this, which hopefully you are, consult with us. We will. We will actually, you know what Zach put it in a or or memes or someone put a reminder in there.


Let's do it in like two weeks. Let's, let's break down the best all, all 30 teams. What it would mean for Kevin Rand's legacy. Yeah We can, we can get deep With it. This is a good mid-summer thing. Yeah. Yeah. Every single we'll do a legacy rating on every single team he could go to. I'm thinking about one or two teams right now. That would be huge for the legacy. Huge. I'm thinking of one or two that would would even if he, if he won it actually would negatively affect his legacy. Just gimme one of those things. If he Went to the Lakers and they won. Yeah. Would Luca and LeBron, it actually would take his legacy down more. It absolutely would. Yeah. There's definitely some negative legacy team. The Nuggets out there. The Nuggets. Nuggets would be No Legacy down.


Legacy down. It depends on what they would give up for him. 'cause if it was just him and Yoic, that would be pretty fun. Basketball I still say it. That'd be awesome. Yeah. But legacy down. But he could be like, oh this is just hoop is what Hoopers do. We just play ball. You Know, imagine getting dims from, from Yoic and just having the most wide open shots ever and winning a championship that way. But imagine yes. But him and Yoic combined, you know, that like the ethical basketball crowd would be like, this is the most purest form of basketball ever. Legacy up. Hmm. What about the Celtics? Hank? I think that I wanted him Really bad like six years ago. I just don't, It'd Be great. It'd be great if you won a championship with the Celtics. It'd be great. His legacy would go way up.


Would it? Yeah. Would he be the best player on that team Next year? Yeah, That's a good answer. Way to answer that. I just saw a tweet from Desmond Bain or Desmond Bain back in 2023. There was a link limb lengthening procedure video that went viral and he said need this for the wingspan. Please. Self-aware Stanley Cup final looks like the Panthers. They're they're the cup is in the building. Andana Kind cho on Tuesday night Biz was Right. That was an incredible game. We're gonna do extended talk with Biz about it, but that was an incredible game by the Panthers to show up and just dominate that game. Yeah, absolutely. Dominate that game.


It feels like the Oilers might be in Trouble. I think the Oilers are in a little bit of trouble, but they're, you can just say if you're an Oilers fan now we just gotta drag 'em back. Yeah. And if you just say drag 'em back then I'm like good point. Do You, now this is a really, this is a really stupid thought I'm about to throw out there, but, 'cause obviously the Panthers want to win the Stanley Cup no matter what. Do you think there's a little extra motivation being like, we don't want to get back on a flight? Oh For sure. Like, like, like the actual planning of going on a flight will make them try even a little harder. Which is stupid to say because they're probably trying their hardest anyway. I Think the, it's not just a flight. It's going through customs. Yeah.


Checking into new hotel. It's a long ass Flight. All that shit. Yeah. That sucks. I thank you for the Panthers. You're like, I I like the weather down here. Let's just stay in Florida. Yeah. Alright. So yeah, biz we're gonna talk a lot of NHL with Bizz Hank Rafael devs. Well fir first of all, congrats on sweeping the Yankees. Thank you. There you go. Good day. Did Devs Home run today? No. I thought, I thought I saw he hit a home run today. I thought he did. Yeah. Did He? I I'm pretty sure the people were just retweet his, I was playing solitaire His, his, the tweet about him hitting a home run today. What happened? Hank The Red Sox traded him. They said it was a financial decision and he wasn't, you know, I don't even know up to team standards, which is bullshit.


Was he fat? Is he a Luca? I Don't know A Luca trait. They, they, they brought in, you know, a player at the same position as him. They, and then he like got upset about that, which I think is somewhat rightfully so. Even some of the stuff like him not wanting to play a different position got taken outta context. They did him dirty in the media. I've, I've been out of the Red Sox ownership since they got rid of Mookie bets. It's like you have a generational player you should do, we you have the money, you're a big market. You should do whatever it takes to keep 'em. And after that it was clear that they don't care about the fans. They don't care about winning. Like they know the Red Sox ownership is is selfish. And, and they don't care about winning. 'cause they know that fans are gonna show up either way.


They'll make money and they're gonna make money. And this was just another example of that. And it's just, it's, it's sickening. What do you you think the the the 2018 Red Sox roster? It's like everyone's been traded. What do you think? And they're, a bunch of players are still like really good. Do you have any comment regarding the Liverpool Football Club and the big signing that they made? No. Yeah, they said Guy for like A hundred spent 150 million on Florian Wirtz. Yeah, they, they, they did what they needed to do. They won in 2004 and then they started buying up all these other sports teams. And those teams are the, the teams that they care about. They don't, the Red Sox are the team like that. It feels like, they're like, well we don't need to do anything.


Like they're gonna generate X amount of revenue because fans are gonna show up no matter what. And like, let's not break the bank trying to make the team better. What is crazy is that Des had eight years left on his contract. 2033 was when it's when he, or 2034 is when he became an unrestricted free agent. Pretty crazy. Pretty Crazy. Today he signed a 10 year, $313 million contract In 2023. Yeah. He signed that and then they just got rid of him. That's nuts. Did you get anyone good back? No Couple pitchers though I've never heard of who have like eras in the fours and fives. Mm. That sucks. It sucks for Red Sox fans sweep The Yankees go one game over 500, little momentum and Then they do that.


I feel like the Cubs are kind of do the same shit. But wait, isn't This Yeah, the Kyle Tucker sign, the Kyle Tucker impending free agency is gonna be very similar because it basically is like, There is like they just, they they, they harp on the the fans' loyalty. Yes. Yeah. And the, and the Kyle Tucker specifically, there is no better time to commit to a guy like Kyle Tucker then right this second. So if they don't do it this time, they're basically saying they'll never do it. So, but yeah. Isn't this a, a good friendly move showing that they care about their players? They're like, okay, you got upset about the third base thing. We're gonna trade you to the Giants we're you'll have an opportunity to play third base. No, I Don't think they've got, don't think anything about the price because they've got a great third baseman already.


And so that part doesn't even make sense. It was purely a money move. Yeah. Sucks. And it does. Yeah. I mean it, this is also where I know everyone has anger towards the Dodgers. I don't feel anger towards the Dodgers. I feel jealousy. Yes. Because the, the, the Dodgers are like, they do the opposite where they, they are maxed out and they're like, but let's still spend more money. Let's still go get more guys. That's Awesome. The Red Sox used to be like that when I was growing up. It felt like the Red Sox, like they were always trying to sign big free agents. Like they were going, you know, early theo days. Like they were trying to win Arod that tried to get him. Yeah. They don't, they don't, does not feel like they're trying to win.


They're just trying to, you know, make money and, and avoid the luxury tax, whatever they have to do. That's bullshit. It's bullshit. Raphael devs hits bombs. Yeah, I mean Mookie bets, that's the thing I that I, it's that's the one That was the one where they, they lost me forever after that. It was his brother. Brother Named his dog after him. Yeah. But he's a generational talent and he is a great, like, great player. Great everything did everything the right way. Like there's no reason not to get behind him. None. So They they showed their hand then. Yeah. And then they play the Giants this week. Oh That's, It's very funny. Are you, are you John Henry out? I think they Ben on Hen Out.


I think they got Raphael Deves off the plane. Yeah, he, they, there was like a video of him going back to Fenway to get his car. Yeah. 'cause I think they're flying to the west coast for some games. And I think the Giants are, I think they're playing the Giants this weekend. I read that they put him in a cab, send him back. That's kind of weird. Yeah. Kind of strange. Yeah. Save money on the luxury tag. Does Boston have any sort of history? Where of doing disruptive protests against tyrannical leaders? You guys should do a tea party For John Henry. Yeah, a Henry party. Like when he's out in public you should teabag him with actual, with actual tea bags. That's assault. Throwing a teabag at somebody. Definitely salt if you, if if you hot Or, or Just no, just room Straight out of wet, Wet, wet.


But room temperature Wet but hot, wet but room temperature. So it leaves like a small stain. I'm saying. Saying that's not salt. That guy got teabag. Yeah hot. Hot would be an assault. If I were a Red Sox fan I would teabag the shit out of him. Do it. Hank start a teabag. It's not gonna hurt him. Get him tea bagged. Nobody's ever died from getting tea bagged or really even gotten hurt. Get his ass tee bagged. Full pick guy. Get him, get his ass tee bagged. Let's good Hank. Alright. Should we do. Who's back of the week?


Alright. Speaking of baseball, baseball is back. There's nothing like getting to a baseball game, especially last minute. Lucky for me, I always use Gametime. The official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports Gametime, makes getting tickets faster and easier. Price on the app actually go down the closer it gets to Showtime plus the Gametime picks feature makes it even easier to find the great deals on the seats you want Just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen to browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you on your game app or homepage. Hey, gimme a game also, I got a story. I used Gametime this weekend going to the Cubs game. I have season tickets, gave three of my seats to to, to some family members and I wanted to go last minute with my daughter picked. So I had my one ticket, gave three of 'em away. Picked up a standing room ticket for my daughter. Made her stand for the entire game. Nice. No, I actually let her sit on my lap the entire game. But go ahead Gametime. What do we got? If you wanna go to the Red Sox at Giants Raphael Dever diver revenge game, you can get in for $37. Oh $37 or park. Okay. So you can put those savings back in your pocket and spend them at the ballpark on a hotdog, a new hat, or some good old fashioned cracker Jack, what are you waiting for? Go to that game. Red Sox Giant Giants this weekend use Gametime. Take the guess. We outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime, who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends.


It truly, truly unruly Lemonade combines a high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take Lemonade. Let loose 8% a BV 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue RAs OG Original Lemonade. Punched up pineapple wild pink. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly First, truly unruly lemonade at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com. Find it now. Find truly unruly lemonade at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com. I love the wild pink. I think Hank, you're a bumping blue Raz guy. Yep. P ft U og. GII like the og, I like bumping blue Raz usually, but yeah, OG iss Great. Okay, so Level Up Your Lemonade with truly unruly. Find Truly Unruly Lemonade is store near you. Visit truly hard seltzer.com.


Henry, who's back of the week? My who's back of the week. First one I, this, this just came up. 'cause it's, we have the, we have NBC on in the studio after us Open and, and they're playing. America's Got Talent. It's been an ongoing thing I think I've talked about on the show with Boston Dynamics. Yep. And the robots. And every time they show videos and I'm always like, these robots are gonna end up, you know, taking over the world and like getting guns and shooting us. All the fucking Boston Dynamics robots were on America's Got Talent. It's butts bullshit. It's bullshit. They're trying to make it look cute. They're like, look how, look how awesome these robot dogs are. Yes. When they're like mowing down like preschools and shit. Like, people are gonna come back to that clip of like, oh yeah. Remember when we were like clapping, giving em a standing motivation on America's Got Talent?


Yeah. Wait, what were they doing? They Were like, Dan, they were doing a synchronized dance And they were like scratching their chins being like, boop. Very good boy. 13 outta 10. Are they part of, are they part of Palantir Pal? Is it Palantir? I'm sure that Palantir is has got their mitts of them somewhere. I I Think it's a Bezos. I started looking at that Palantir stuff that I didn't wanna look at that anymore. Yeah, no, they, they already, it's too late. Yeah, no, They already own all your data. We're fucked. We're so fucked. Actually we shouldn't say anything about Peter Thiel. He has a habit of suing sports blogs. That's true. This is crazy. You're right, Hank, this is, these are not cute. These are fucking, they're gonna kill Us. Yes. These are, these are, these are built to destroy and they're using, this is like PR for them also. This isn't talent.


You Just No, It's programmed. Beep up Beep. But wait, isn't one of those dogs dead? The one in the background? There's one that's on the ground the entire time. These look like, like Yeah, you're right. Yeah. Here's, here's how we combat these dogs. I'm gonna start selling magnets. Just giant magnets. Mm. It'll fuck 'em up. I like that. Think about that. Robots. This Is scary. They like, I it have snake necks Too. Yeah, no, it was, it was, it's not the vibe. I love that dead one. There's just a dead one on the side. The Only, the only robot I like is a dead robot. That's absolutely right. Okay. Either Who's back though? Before that it was gonna be the big three. Yes. Lot of big three drama this week.


I feel like the big three is, is growing because it's like they have all, you know, they, they have very popular NBA players from like 10, 15 years ago. Big names. Big names playing Steven Jackson's coaching. Got in a fight in the locker room after Michael Beasley was going at Dwight Howard. Lance Stevenson. Lance Stevenson. And Dwight Howard actually fought. Yeah. And it's hilarious because I saw that clip and the only thing I thought of was, holy shit. Michael Beasley and Lynn Stevenson are teammates. Yeah. After what happened last week, those guys maybe like shower in the locker room together. Definitely. After Beasley told him like, I'm gonna get sexual with you. I'm gonna make, we're gonna make a sex team together.


Yeah. That was awesome. I like it. This is at the United Center, I think Should have won because I think Ice Cube. But now that basketball's over, it's like, this will be a good, it's a good, you know, there's not a lot of sports on, especially on the weekends. It's like, it's good. It's good Stuff. You know, ice Cube is at our office on Friday. I did. Yep. You met Tim Woods. Met Tim Woods. Yeah. You met Tim Woods. Did you know who the, I didn't realize this, but the Ice Cube Whisperer at our office is Donny No White Sox Dave. He's got the, he's got The link to to Ice Cube. Does he? When Ice Cube comes in town, white Sox, Dave's like, Hey, you want an ice cube? Yeah. He hit me up like a couple months ago. Yeah. Now if I had known when he had so funny when he initially asked me like, do you want to interview Ice Cube on? Pardon My Take. If I had known that we were gonna have Tim Woods in the office that same day, I would've said Yes, let's get Ice Cube to play Dungeons and Dragons with us.


Yes. And that would've been awesome. That would've been sick. That would've been sick. Yeah. We were playing Dungeons and Dragons, so we couldn't have Ice Cube. Yeah. Beasley, I, Beasley alone is gonna sell tickets. He's so, he's still a bucket. So entertaining. Good. Who's back? Thanks. Great. Who's back? Hank? Thanks. My who's back of the week is Armand Duplantis. Mm. Hank's friend. Mondo. Lanis, My boy. Your Boy. Breaking moose. Breaking Moose Show. Otani will be the starting pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers tomorrow night against the San Diego Padres. I don't know if that's breaking This. That was my second. Who's back? Oh Shit. Yeah. My bad. Yeah, I just saw, I just saw it on Twitter. He's Back. Yeah, he's back.


He's getting, he's gonna be throwing off the mound. He's gonna be actually pitching. Who's your first? Mondo Duplantis. Okay. Hank's good friend. He is the Joey Chestnut of pole vaulting. Oh, we don't, oh, I Don't Remember this guy. Don't, we don't talk enough about how dominant he's been. And he's, I guess he's sw He just breaks his own records. He's Swedish, but he goes he went to LSU, right? Yeah. So we can kind of claim him halfway. Yeah. He's broken the world record in pole vaulting, I think 12 times, which might be as many times as Joey Chestnut has broken the hotdog eating contest record. Holy shit. So this guy is like by far and away the best pole vaulter to ever live. And he just did it again. He did. He just keeps getting higher. Fuck. Good for Mon. And he's 25 a WL Is he?


Yep. Six. We went, we met him the LSU Alabama game. That's right. I ended up at the tailgate with him. I just thought he was a, like we were just broing out. This is all off of the, he followed me on Instagram and I was like, oh shit. This kid's like a nasty pole vault there. And this was before he broke any of the records. And this was also before Hank said I could get that pole vaulting would be the easiest Olympic Sport Olympic event to bein with. No training is still Valid. I mean, He he verified it Out for him though. For him? Yeah. He's like, yeah, I didn't give a shit about this. I just started doing it. I'm awesome at it. Shout Out Mondo. Mondo. And it's a great nickname too. Mondo Duplantis. Yeah. Shout out him. And then Jorge Tommy's back. And then one more.


Were you gonna say anything about baseball? No. Yeah, but go ahead. You take it 'cause I, I took your shhe. I I do have that, but go for it. Rob. Man, fraud. Yes. Is back Rob. Man, fraud is back. They're trying to steal dingers from you. Yep. In Major League baseball. They're trying to rob you of dingers the athletic, they're rolling it back. The athletic just reported Seams That the seams on the baseballs this year are higher than they have been in the past and it's stealing dingers away from everybody. Yeah. So they said there's no intentional change to the ball's manufacturing, but there is an uptick in drag and it's the highest uptick in drag that they've ever had in the stack cast era. So the balls are, are going I think four or four feet shorter than they were last year.


Yeah. So they're stealing dingers away from you. Not every pop fly would've been a dinger, but four feet makes a difference. And The, and the MOB doesn't get any credit for admitting this because Andrew McCutchen shout out him. Yep. Just said it before that. And then they had to, and then they had to answer to it. So there was like a tweet. Ben Verlander was like, you can't tell me there's not something going on with these balls when Juan Sole absolutely ripped one and it was warning track power. Yep. And then McCutcheon said, I was told by a rep for MLB that the balls are indeed different this year. They start stated higher seams, which reduces more drag on baseball causing baseballs to not travel as far as they should. When asked why, I was told every baseball is hand sewn. So no ball is the same.


When asked, asked if there's something that can be done about correcting the current performance of this year's baseball, I was told there was nothing that can be done about it this season. But they're working hard on getting to the bottom of why the seams are higher. So Yeah. That you're the, We're all trying to figure out Who did this. Why can't they, why can't they fix it though in the season? So I did not know that every ball was hand sewn. Neither did I. That's kind of crazy. 'cause what MLB goes through hundreds of thousands of of balls in a year. That can't be true. Well, they just said that it was might be. Dude, The league says that it is. So if you're, if you're a pitcher, you gotta fucking, you gotta make sure you stay healthy and pitch Hand. So where On the baseball? No. Like where are they?


Do like, that's a lot like, Yeah. Where do they do it? Well, the, the company that makes baseballs is actually owned by Major League baseball also. This is not as crazy as you think Hank because like isn't every NFL football made from like, the same two people every year? Yeah. But there's like a hundred thousand balls that get used in a baseball system. No, of course, of course. But like they, they do do these weird things. There's like a, a couple that makes every NFL football. Yeah. But listen, Hank has always been adamant that balls should not be doctored in any way, shape or form. Who Did you find out where? Costa Rica. Oh. Hundreds of employees produces 2.4 million baseballs annually. Wow. 1.2 million of which are deemed good enough for MLB games.


I would like that job to just be like, yep, nope. We Should write, we should write a new movie. The, like National Treasure put it's foul ball guy doing a, a raid on Costa Rica getting all the balls before they could even go out. He's found five. He's found a way to capture 'em all. Well, That thoughts and prayers with foul ball guy. I know he's not getting as many dingers to catch. I know his numbers are gonna be, He might have to go back to foul territory. He should sue MLB. That's bad for taking away his livelihood. Yeah. Now the, actually the more interesting story about baseballs in one family is that guy that just rubs the mud on him. Yeah. The Guy that harvest. That's right. Only one guy is allowed to harvest mud that then gets rubbed on every single baseball that's used in a baseball game.


I think that's what I Was thinking. Yeah. And he, he sells, like, I think he sells to each team individually and they get to rub the mud, the balls with mud for like 30 seconds and then they're deemed worthy to pitch. Yeah. Give us more dingers. Yeah. They're taking away dingers from us. This is gonna, this is gonna negatively affect the dingers only league. It Is. Okay. My who's back? I got a couple. First is the Bengals. They have restarted their conversations with Trey Hendrickson, so that's good. They're just playing a shell game. Yeah. That's all they're doing. They're like, okay, well our first round pick is pissed off at us. So now we'll just go and renegotiate the Trey. And then once that blows up, then we'll go back to our first round pick and then we'll sign him and then Trey's gonna be upset.


Yeah. They also went viral because someone took a picture of their weight room and there's a slogan on the wall that says A Bengal is fat, physical, hungry, accountable teammate. Yeah, I like That. P-H-H-E-P-H. Fat deebo. PHAT. Yeah. There you go. When Max was saying That's what, that's how you're spelling it right? Max. Oh, max. I found some. Oh Shit. What? Fat Deebo. Yeah. I'll, I'll save it for the end of the show. I gotta find it. I found some rage for you. I, I came across some rage from a chiefs fan who basically was like, basically basically a chiefs fan who's like, I'm not owned in the saddest way possible. We'll, we'll do it at the end of the show When they got absolutely dominated in the Super Bowl.


Yeah. Yeah. Yes. You said that they didn't get dominated. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And then my other, who's back is dumb internet bets that surely won't go wrong. So this one is a woman trying to maybe go viral on TikTok or Instagram and she was doing a dance and she said, if the Phillies don't make the playoffs this season, I'll do whatever the top comment says, max, I sent it to you. I DMed it to you. Hank, you wanna read the top comment of this girl? Is This to get pregnant by a homeless guy? One? Yeah. That's exactly what the top comment is. The top comment has, let's see, it has that, That girl does this, she does this for like every Eagles game.


62,000 likes. But she never does 'em says she never does them. Yeah. Let a home guy get you pregnant. All right. So that's bullshit. I want, if it Phil, don't make the playoffs. I want to, she needs to get pregnant. She, she literally does this, she does that for every single Eagles game. Like if the eagles lose, I'll do with the top comment says, that's Bullshit. She never does It. She never does what the top comment says. I don't Like that. That's bad. Yeah, that's bad. Bad karma. That's very bad. Karma. Do you have a, who's back for a Zach? I can do a, who's back for you? Yes, I got one for you. Let's go big one. My who's back of the week is barbers gentleman who cut hair professionally. Oh, That is because I'm new to the area. New to the state. I've had the same guy for quite a while.


I didn't know what all went into the, the barbers sphere. So you say what they got going on nowadays. Have you, do you, have you guys tried to get a haircut in the area recently in from a new barber? We're gonna get you set up, Zach. We got you hooked up. We're gonna get you set up. Our guy Joel comes into a van and cuts the whole office's hair. Oh, you've got a haircut guy? Yeah. Oh goodness. He literally comes and he shows up and you don't have to, you just walk outside and get your haircut. Me, then it's mobile. Tell me, tell me about your, your experience with the Barbers sphere. So I've been trying to just like find a place to get a haircut. It's been like several weeks and, and, and I've really needed one. Right. So I'm trying, I'm looking online. I'm trying to figure out where I can go in the area where you, you pull up, they, they only do the app appointments, so you can't call in anymore and try to get a spot. You can't wait in line only through the app. Then you're looking to get a haircut. You're like, okay.


They're, they're like 60 to $80. I'm like, okay. I'm like, oh, you got a beer. That'll be one 60. So we're doubling that. Then there's a place down the street, they do barbers. They do haircuts and cocktails. So now there's barbers bars going in. I just didn't know what Yeah, they got fancy with it. The Barbers are up and then there's guys down a little bit further down the street doing featured spots. So like, oh, this guy's in town for the next four days. Like a tour. Wait, like so book your appointment now. A barber's got a featured spot. They're doing featured spots Like barbershops, like A guest set. Yeah. Get Yes. That's insane. Featured Barber, New York was an even bigger rack. It's crazy. But it is. The whole thing is crazy. That's why I go to Sport Clips. Yes. Have you in men's hair, have You guys seen like Barber TikTok? Yeah, I've seen some.


It's crazy there. The, it's massive. There's so many different barbers that are famous tiktoks and they have these like 12-year-old kids come in and they look like super nerdy and he puts like sunglasses on 'em. And then they're like, my girlfriend wants me to get a 16 guard. I don't know what that means, but they always say that. And then they, and then they, and then the barber cuts their hair and then he puts earrings and a chain on, on the kid. And it is like, now you're gonna fuck all the, all the bitches. Every single one. And it's like 10 barbers who do the same exact formula for these like 12-year-old kids. Be like, now you're gonna fuck show Shit. Barbers are up now. Let's do that for Zach. Yeah. Yeah. We should, we Should do that. Yeah. Next time men's mobile comes in. Oh, That's a great idea.


16 guard. We'll, let's get you booked at the, the most expensive haircut you can get this week. No, we'll do It. Let's do it with men's. No, we'll do it with, With Joel. Joel. Joel. All up. I'll put it on there. All right. Perfect. But because barbers are up, it's insane. Yeah. I I guess it's one of those things that, like barbers for the longest time kind of didn't get, were an afterthought in society and now they, now they have phones and can get on TikTok, Facebook, barbers. What'd you say? Memes. Oh, who's mic is on memes? How often does that happen? Where memes just talks back to us without Oh, constantly. Yeah. I I Pretty much live. Listen to the podcast. It's All I need you to start writing those down.


Max is showing me the TikTok. I'm big on Barbara, Facebook. Barbara, You're on, you are Big on, You're actively on Facebook. Well, I Run the Pardon My Take Facebook. Oh, true, true. Every everybody should go follow that. But true. They transform like homeless people. Oh. And it's like a, it's very addicting. That's like the dude. That's where the girl can bang. That's like the, the landscaper. You guys watch those videos? Yeah. That guy rocks. He just shows up to random houses. He's like, I'll do it for free. Yep. Those are awesome. I love those. Yeah. What's that guy's name? I dunno. Spreading positivity. Yeah. You, Zach might know I Wanna start doing that, but with my power washer. Zach, do you know the guy's name? I believe it was a BP mowing, but I could be wrong. Oh, okay. Did you watch any concrete pours this weekend?


No. I, I tried to go back to the newest video yet today and then I got carried away cleaning up. So I haven't watched it yet, so I'm gonna watch it tonight. Okay. Nice. Nice. Are they pouring more concrete? They're always pouring big slabs. He's the guy. Big slabs only. So this kid is like, my girl said I need a 16 guard. Oh, she's gonna leave me. And he's like 12. He is so young. This is ridiculous. I had a, i I always felt weird accepting drink. I had a barber shop in Brooklyn. My, my barber was awesome, but like, he, he had cocktails and stuff. I just was like, I always felt weird. Like I just wanted to get a haircut and get Out. Yeah. I'd won in Austin. That was like, you go in, you get a beer while you get your, the thing is, it's hard to drink beer while you get your haircut.


Right. Because you can't really move your head as much. Right? Yeah. I guess you drink it before. I mean, I'm a, I'm a fan doing more things while drunk. It Would be like 150 plus for me to get a haircut in beard from in Manhattan. Really? It was such a racket. I just, my barbershop in Brooklyn was good. It was still like 35 bucks. The only thing that he would get me on is every year he, I would give him like $500 for superb bowl squares and that he would just never give me the numbers. You weren't gonna win Anyways every single year. So he'd wanna buy a square bike. Of course I do. And then I just would never, he would never follow up. We Should send Scotty Scheffler one of these barbers. Yeah. Glow 'em up. Just gimme Him a put some In your rings in like No. We'll look at your head now. Yeah.


Okay. Let's get to our interviews. We got two great interviews talking more sports. We got biz, who's the best talking Some Stanley Cup final. And then we have Smiley Kaufman live from Oakmont


Before we do that McDonald's, you see it right in front of me. This episode. Pardon? My Take is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips. New mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. The Creamy chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat, but it works with any of their sauces. It is so good. Look at these Mc Krispies right here. Oh, those look delicious. They're so good. I'm not gonna eat into the mic, but I'm gonna eat these afterwards because the new Mc Krissy strips with new creamy chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken made for dipping only at McDonald's. I'm telling you right now, the Creamy Chili Mc Krissy strip dip is so good. You're gonna absolutely love it. So go get it now. The new Mc Krissy strips at McDonald's. It's chicken made for dipping only at McDonald's.


Okay, here he is. Paul Bissonnet. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. One of our best friends, it is Paul Bissonnet hockey analyst who is covering the Stanley Cup final. Has been there for every single game called the series over in game four, choke Hold. The, the Florida Panthers Had no, the whole, I said the game was over. Oh, the game was over. Anaconda choke hold, Anaconda choke hold. Which wasn't true 'cause the Oilers tied it up. But then game five happened on Saturday night. The Panthers went into the Oilers barn and just flexed on 'em. And it was, you, you, you tell us like that was such an impressive game coming from a game where they got their guts ripped out to have to go all the way to Edmonton.


And you feel like Edmonton has all of the momentum in the series and everything and the Panthers are like, no, no, we're still the better team. We're gonna show you tonight. Yeah. They're just so confident. And like, even after like giving away that game, like Paul Maurice, the coach, like his comments and like right down from leadership to the last guy, they just knew that they were gonna bounce back. Like they're, they're such a close team too. 'cause like Brian Boucher, as soon as we got to Edmonton, he went down for like a steam steamer, like in the big gym at the JW Marriott. And he got in there and like the whole team, the Panthers were in there all together in the steam room, like boys steam room, right? So they're just such a close knit group and you knew they were gonna found a way to bou bounce back.


I definitely thought it was gonna be a better game than it was. But right from when you saw him in the tunnel going out, Brad Marshawn, how Lucy was with all their like pre-game like, you know, bag taps or however they do their fucking high fives. They just looked like a very confident group and, and really right from Puck drop they dominated. There was a little bit of a late push by Edmonton boys, but this Florida team is so fucking good. Yeah. Like you look through the lineup and the depth like Marsha's line with loose rein and lundell, like they're performing to like a first line standard and they get to play against the other team's third line. So they're just built to win. And they also have some good young players on very fair contracts and it's a hard cap lead.


Like that Lundell kid, the third line center. Incredible. And then Le Rein who Marshawn plays with and a big reason why Marshawn has had the playoff that he's had. Yeah, yeah. He has the most NHL Stanley Cup finals goals among, among active players right now. And he, he's like, he's a Gamer. He's 37, he's 37 years old. He has been the difference in this series. I mean, is it, is it shocking to you just how good he's been? Because I know, I know that was a, a trade that everyone's like, oh shit, the Panther's already won the cup and then they add a guy like this. But he has, it's been insane to watch him play at such a high level at 37 years old and be the best player on the ice that he shares with Connor McDavid.


No doubt. And like, this is the Brad Marshawn that dominated for like, I would say probably a, an eight to 10 year stretch, let's say eight to be fair. That's why I believe he's a hall of famer is 'cause he was one of the best clutch wingers in the game for a signif almost a decade, right? So coming into this year, he had three off season surgeries, so he didn't necessarily look like himself at the start of the year. And even for me, they, they got to name three players to the, to the Four Nations team as like a precursor to be like, Hey, McDavid Crosby and Marshawn are officially on the states put, I believe Eel Matthews. And, and I, I forget who the defenseman was, but you get the point.


So by the time the tournament came up, I'm like, damn. Like I wonder if they even, like, if they regret naming him one of the three guys just because he didn't look like himself. He looked like he'd lost a step, but mind you, he was coming back from these injuries. So when he got moved over to Florida, he got like a a, I think I wanna say like a two three week break where he was able to like heal up, kind of get back to himself and then right before playoffs he, you know, hit the ground running and yeah, I'm, I'm shocked he's doing it to this level because he was always a good puck protector. He was always a smart player who had very good spatial awareness, who, who like won a lot of his battles. He was good along the walls, good defensively.


But the fact that not only throughout these playoffs, but now in the finals, like he's doing it with these individual efforts. Like in game five it was off a face, off fi five on five face off. Next thing you know, shoots outta the gate, beats his forward, then he beats Eck home, one of the best defensemen, defensive defensemen in the league to the left, goes inside splits the d and goes down and fucking goes top shelf on, on, on, on Pickard. So just the fact that he's doing it with these unbelievable individual efforts at 37 years old where I don't wanna see people wrote him off, but they never thought he was gonna get back to peak. Brad Marshawn. And we're seeing it at 37 years old. He, he is I think second in line right now to win the cons.


Sm Yeah. Yeah. The guy who was gonna be be out of playoffs with the Boston Bruins. I believe he asked the Bruins, I I think he, he wanted like a, a a three or four year deal at like 7 million million dollars a year, maybe seven and a half. And they were like, no, no, we're not giving to you. And then he fucking goes there and does what he does. He probably will get seven, 8 million in free agency unless he fucking signs back in Florida for a hometown discount and they win another fucking cup. Yeah, I mean that goal that he had was the goal of the Stanley Cup finals so far. And he has one more good game. I think he does win the cons Smith. I think that's like it's, it's him and Ben, right? Those two Has a few goal game and game six and they close out. I could see him winning it over Sam Bennett, but it's hard to take it away from Sam Bennett.


He's got 15 goals in these playoffs. 13 of 'em are on the road. Yeah. 13 road goals. Crazy. I think Mitch Marner has 13 playoff goals in his entire career. This guy did it in one run. He is a fucking second line center making $4 million is so, so he's going, he's gonna get his payday now going back PFT to what you said, you said it was the goal of the playoffs. Which one? The one off the face off or the one when he fucking walked The defenseman Wallman. Which one are you talking about? I was talking about the one where he weaves in and out that one. Yeah. And people, you can make an argument when he fucking danced Wallman and goes five hole to seal the deal in the game. That was it. Or the breakaway goal that he scored in overtime in game two.


So he is just on fire right now. I believe six goals in these Stanley Cup finals. And as I mentioned, the leader among the leader among active players. Like we're talking about the Sydnee, Crosby's, Alexander Ovechkin, like Brad, Marsha, the leader in Stanley Cup finals goals. Yeah, it's, it's been pretty crazy to watch. We actually, we had most of the behind the scenes guys on your podcast on part of my take last week. Sorry for not getting permission. We were trying to reach you, we were trying to re reach Witt to find out who's gonna start in game five, if they were gonna go back to Skinner or not for the Oilers. And what'd they say? I think they split it up, Right? It was, it was oldie said, don't think Merl said gotta go Pickard me.


Your memes said gotta stick with Skinner. And then Yan said, I don't care. Yeah. He Said he doesn't care. Whoever, whoever they play, they Play. It was biz Some good insight. Your team was some good insight. Your team was a mess on, on whatever night it was Thursday night, they were having a great time. They were, they were having a great time. But they were basically like, it sounds like Whitney just kicked everyone out and they were all scattered and like at one point Grinnell was like, yeah he's over there, he's over there. Biz is on TNT. And it was just perfect Chiclets. 'cause it's like everyone's buckled and it's like, but one of the main guys is on national television right now. It was great crew. It was great. So yeah. I'll ask you now that we have you on, are they gonna go back to Skinner now?


So going back to wit though, that was the first time I think he's gotten to like hardcore fandom level where he was being a diva about it. Yeah. That was the like, like he looked like I looked like with the Leafs, like, but keep in mind I would never kick anybody outta my box. No. So he even went beyond Leafs Jock Sniffer, he went psycho Oilers fan with Kate with the tits out, you know what I'm saying? Whit went full Kate Tits out Tits McGee. But you, you are gonna go back to Skinner now. So crazy. 'cause he's lost his net for three times in the last two, two Stanley Cup runs, right? Two playoff runs. So they don't have a true number one.


And I really feel, I feel bad for McDavid and Dry Cidal because they don't even collectively command that much money. Like McDavid makes 12 and a half. Sure. Yeah, that's a lot. But he's worth every fucking cent if not more. And dry settles on the last year of I believe an eight and a half million dollar contract. So they just haven't filled in some holes. So you p Pickard has an had an incredible run that was his first loss in these playoffs. It's been such a bizarre run. 'cause he took over the net in game three for Edmonton when they'd blown the first two against the LA Kings where they should have lost that first round series. So it's even the fact that they're here, it's crazy. Skinner's a better puck handler and Florida's four check is so good.


So right off the hop it just benefits you more. He played unbelievable. And in game four he stood on his head, but yet they still scored three goals. In the first period it should have been five. So they had to switch him to change the momentum up. So, but then all of a sudden Picker played out of his fucking mind again like he did when he took the net over the first time. And my understanding is Skinner wasn't happy about it 'cause he's like, it wasn't my fucking fault you guys hung me out to drive. But nonetheless, Skinner went in there, they did the job and they get the win. You have to stick with Skinner, but, or or excuse me, Pickard. But he just, Florida's too strong and he didn't have a good game. So now you go back to Skinner, the benefit, like I said you have is he's a better puck handler. Yeah.


So for how hard Florida comes in, the four check at least, it's like helping your D out a little bit to a certain degree. So what, what's going on before the games with Skinner where he's the other goalies, it's a, the Panther's backup right? Is getting into his head. Yeah. Just standing in front of him, just mocking him to his face and, and Skinner's just letting this happen. So Skinner Has, yeah. So Skinner, that was kind of one of the funny things about Game four and the fact that Picker ended up getting thrown in the net because, so during warmup, and they did this last year and they also did it in game three. Skinner has a routine. The goalie Stewart Skinner, 'cause they have another one, Jeff Skinner, he's out by the red line and he kind of just goes over his movements and he faces the other team's direction.


Rare. I, I've never seen that. I don't know why he does it. Maybe it was like a superstitious thing. So all of a sudden vanek their backup, like last year the SOS did it. He goes up and starts mimicking his move. So trying to fuck with him as the starter. So Picker ended up going over and hitting hi his stick on, on Van X's pad and saying, Hey let's go, let's go stretch over here, let's go over here. He was not like too aggressive about it. And then next thing you know, he got shelled for three in the first and then that guy who went over to have his other goalies back is in the net. So it was kind of a bizarre thing. That's how the Panthers are. And I think even to troll the world even further after the game five win when they went into Edmonton and smoked them, gadget who had had the team puck from the win prior where you give out the player of the game, Hey, this guy, he gave it to Vanek who didn't even play.


Yeah, well like they are just fucking with everybody. Yeah. Like it's, you know, that's how, that's Florida Panthers hockey. They beat the shit outta you. They chirp you. They fucking win their fights and they outscore you and they laugh on the way outta town. And they've now won, I believe they've tied a record, an NHL record, or maybe they've beaten it with 10 road victories throughout these Playoffs. There're 10 and three on the road. So there's only a few teams throughout Stanley Cup history that have done that much damage going into the way of buildings, especially Edmonton. That's the biggest home advantage in the league watching a pregame like the whole ceremony, calling their team out onto the ice.


It's biblical. It's like it's hockey royalty. We talk about Toronto and Montreal being the mecca of the hockey world. There's no one who fucking is as hardcore about hockey as Albertans, specifically in Edmonton. They live, they are living for this. Okay, So I got a question for you. This a this is a segment we we've done in the past. We, we haven't done it in a while, but his questions from a first grader. So I got a question from a first grader, this is Timmy. He was wondering, he, he writes into PMT And we sometimes do questions for first Grader. Okay, good kid. So Timmy is wondering, oh good Timmy. Timmy is saying, Hey, I'm, hey Mr. Bissonnette and, and PMT, I'm, I'm a new hockey fan and everyone keeps talking about Connor McDavid being the best.


Why has he only scored one goal in the Stanley Cup finals? So I knew you guys were asking this. Should He try to score more goals? This is from Timmy, this is not us. We know that he affects the game I in millions of different ways. But Timmy's wondering why Connor McDavid only scored one goal in five games. Shouldn't he try scoring more? So I just to go back to Marshawn earlier, that's why I believe he's a hall of famer is 'cause I just said he's gotten like, what is it now? 12 goals all time in Stanley Cup finals. Mind you, not quite the matchups that Connor McDavid has this, that's why I said earlier with with McDavid and dry side, they need a better team.


Mm. They do. They can't do it all themselves. The goal factor. I think that, yeah, there's probably a, there, there, it's fair to question the fact that he hasn't scored more goals, but he's playing against the best defensive center on the planet and Sasha Barkov and Yeah, it's hard. It's fucking hard. Like Sasha, Try Not to swear. Try not to swear. It's Timmy. It's a first grader. He he's been a little bit snake bitten. He should have more goals. He did get one last game. He had a great opportunity early in the hockey game as well. He should have put that one in. He he whiffed on it. But yeah, I would, I I would say that that's the one thing that you could criticize him on is the fact that he doesn't have more goals in these Stanley Cup finals and back to back years.


But in the same breath, he just became the third fastest all time to 150 playoff points. Yeah. Okay. He's over 30 again in these playoffs. And we Know that. Yeah, yeah. We know. Listen, you, you like, if we, if we were answering this, we'd be like, Timmy, you're a fucking shithead stop box score. Watch him, dude. But David is unbelievable. It's not all about goals. And Hank screens all these questions too. And he's a, he's a known McDavid hater. Right. So we would tell Timmy to fuck Off. We have one more from a That's what, But I don't want to tell Timmy to fuck off. He's a first grader. You told me not to swear. Yeah. Well you shouldn't swear. 'cause he sees you on tv. He doesn't care. We can swear he knows. We swear. But he sees. Oh, he sees, okay. So I'm trying set the example. He U tv. Yeah, yeah.


You're you're his hero. He's a big TNT fan. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And then we have ones Hank let me Call Timmy aside. Let me call Timmy. Okay. All right. Timmy. Timmy. I, I think it's a fair question because he only has one goal and he is the best player in the world. He is the best player. He is more of a giver. Right. He's a giver. He likes to set his teammates up. He's a, you know, that's a, a good quality to have. But sometimes Timmy in life, you need to be a little bit more selfish and you need to shoot the pill a little bit more. And you maybe need to get into those hard areas. Yeah. A little bit more because you come playoff time. That's where a lot of the goals are scored. So Timmy, I'm not gonna shit on you for this question and I know, I just swear, don't go tell your mom if you tell her Timmy's mom's hot, by the way.


Fucking sock you in the fucking face. Yeah. Time I fuck with. See you fucking flat. Alright, fuck off. And that's all I gotta say. It's Tough love. Okay? Yeah, yeah. I like that. It's, Hey, if you fucking tell your old lady that I swore I'm gonna put your old man in the cuck chair, I'm gonna hit your old lady on the workbench. You're Gonna show outta my kitchen. You're Gonna show Timmy's mom. You're gonna show Tim Timmy's dad. What, what it's like to be selfish. I'm gonna, Biz's gonna come first. Timmy. I'm gonna, speaking of these playoffs, I'm gonna give her the oil driller. Okay. Oh, I'm gonna bring her to the, I'm gonna bring her to the work wrench. Timmy. I hope there's one AWS actually listening in the car with a son named Timmy is that me in this aged grade be like, what the hell is biz gonna fuck my mom?


What biz gonna do to my mom? Okay, we have another, we have another question. Ready? Yeah. Get it ready? Yeah. Yeah. From, this is from Rand. Oh, Rand is also a first grader, dripping Springs, Texas. He says, Hey, Mr. Binet biz nasty love watching you on TNT isn't this kind of bullshit that the Florida Panthers get to exploit the CBA by not having a state income tax when other states don't get that same luxury? Why won't biz be a man and explain his passion with his chest when he's talking to Commissioner Gary Beman when he's on the desk. Oh, good. A a first grader. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Rand Rand, dripping Springs, Texas.


He's like, it's bullshit. It did you did you chicken out to Commissioner Bettman? What? Where's the name Rand come from? I don't know. His name is just Rand. Rand maybe? Rand? Yeah, it's Rand. R Rand. R-R-A-R-D. Rand. Rand Randolph. Randolph and r. Oh, short for Randy. Okay. Short for Randy. My apologies. Is that a fact or are those two separate names? It, it, it's r it's Randolph Rand's short for Randy. I'm gonna have to fact check that after this podcast. You should. Okay. Yeah. You know, so we only have so much time on the panel. Right. And obviously Gary Batman's done an incredible job in, in getting this league into the place that it's been.


There's certain things I don't necessarily, what do you mean I'm not giving him a pepper grinder? You better fucking ci out here. Yeah, right. All right. I'm trying to be respectful. Yeah, No, you're doing, yeah, Rand if you're, if You're just, you Rand if you're listening, not watching PFT just mimicked Fellatio. He did the blow job move. Yeah. Like, I'm fucking getting on my knees for Gary. 'cause I thought he's done a good job running the league the last 30, 35 years, however long he's been in power. But going back to my point is, so he said nobody was complaining 17, you know, years ago when these teams came into the league and, and, and this was the same case, right? There was no state income tax and, and players.


He, he said management building a strong team, other factors are gonna lure in players. Yeah. There's no doubt they've done an incredible job of doing that. People are taking my question to him as if though I'm taking away from what Florida's built. That's not the case. But 17 years ago when he, whatever it was the, the new CBA and it was all of a sudden a hard cap, the cap was $44 million. So the difference now with the cap going to a hundred million, and it's gonna keep surpassing that when you add up the discount that these players can take from a south hard cap standpoint compared to 17 years ago, is, is a larger degree.


So of the a hundred million, like, I mean if you're talking 11% state income tax compared to other like Canadian provinces and state of, of New York and, and California, you're talking about $10 million. So for instance, Sam Bennett just did what he did in these playoffs, 15 goals, 13 road goals, probably he's gonna take home a con smite and he's been on this bargain contract, which they seem to have a lot of, he's a second line center on a Stanley Cup winning team. He could get 10 million a free agency. They could probably end up keeping him just because of what they've built for like 7.75. My understanding is they've offered him 7.25 million per year for an eight year deal.


And he said no. Well obviously 'cause that between what he knows, he can get free agency. I think he might even, he could get potentially offered 10 and a half million over seven years because seven is the max years. You can offer him from the, the, the, like the team that you weren't on Florida because he's like quote unquote homegrown, they're allowed to offer him that eighth year, which is obviously an advantage to keeping the player that you already had. So I truly believe that he's gonna end up signing in between the, the, the eight year range, eight years at 7.75 to 8.25, as opposed having to another team from Canada or the other states offer him 10 and a half million and it'll, it'll be the same exact take home for him.


So it's such an advantage, like you're keeping these good players at a, at a hard cap discount. And as I said, all the other factors that Gary mentioned as to why he doesn't want to change the rule, Hey, all good. But from a non-biased perspective, you have to understand that, that for him and the league's benefit, it helps that the teams in these southern states are growing because the population, the states, and if hockey grows, there's so much more upside to then Canada, you could win 20 games, your fucking team's gonna still do the same thing, right? Like if you're in Vancouver or Toronto, it's still a fucking juggernaut. It's still worth three, $4 billion. They're still gonna make all this money.


So it benefits him in the league for these southern states and these places that he's put these team to grow the game in North America. So for all the reasons he wants to keep it the same, all good, but you're a fucking moron. If you're a Florida Panthers fan and you're tweeting at me, it's like there's a fucking advantage. You fucking tell me. Wait, there's a fucking advantage to it. I've had, I've had countless people in hockey and agents tweet at me. So these mouth breather people on Twitter, like they're Oh, Gary Don on you, Gary Don. It's like, bro, first of all, first of all, I got awful announcing with 6 million views on the clip, so you don't think I'm throwing this guy a fucking softball fucking knowing what I'm doing.


You don't think I know what I'm fucking doing? Like, like that's all anybody wanted to talk about the rest of the game. You're fucking welcome some fucking peasant fifth liner who played for, who scored seven goals in the NHL next to the great one, next to Henrik Lundquist Hall of Famer. I'm throwing this guy a law ball so he can dunk on me on national television. That's a good teammate and everybody's talking about it. Yeah. But if you have half a fucking, I'm trying to make good television here, I'm not trying to fucking appease these brain dead morons who don't know what a fucking state tax advantage means. Yeah. I love it. That was a great well thought out group economics answer from Paul Binet. Yeah. Turan once again. Once again, bill Zito, Roberto Luongo, everybody in the Florida Panthers management.


Can you Google the owner's name? I think it's Vinny Viola. That's a great Name. I I don't wanna fuck it up the pro pronunciation of it. But he's, he has a military background. They have built this organization soup to nuts. Yeah. Vince Viola, I, I heard a him and, and all hi of his, his buddies from, God, I'm, I'm really butchering this, but he went to one of these like, like naval academies and they're like, He went to West Point. They're hardcore. Yeah, yeah. He went to West Point, he went to West Point. They're like the, they're like the David Goggins of the business world. They're fucking up at 6:00 AM Like they're, they're machines, these guys. And they obviously hired the, the right people and built this absolute wagon when odds were against them.


He, I wanna say he b bought the team for 200 million, was offered seven, 800 million for it and was like absolutely not. Could have took his profit of 2 50, 300 and ran and continue to build it. Where I would say if they win another Stanley Cup, this is a, it's a two, $2 billion brand. Yeah. So to what they've built top down and to the LDEs making Lundell makes $5 million a year. Unbelievable contract. Loose rein on that third line. I think he's got two more years left at three and a half million s Barkov Best two way center in the world. 10 million best goaltender in the world. Sergei Browski, 10 million.


Like there's not one player in their team making more than $10 million. Gustav Sling, they picked him up off waivers, he makes 6.2 million. He's the best probably right now. I would label him the best shutdown d man in the world. The head of ahead of Jacob Slavin. Here's, here's question. The list goes on. Yeah. Yeah. The, I I feel like the, the question is less about the taxes in states in the LTR loophole, which has been a loophole for a long time. And there's, and, and, and the Panthers did it this year with Kach Chuck being out after the Four Nations, the Allstar game. Yeah. But Kach hurt, you know, and every, every country Hear, hear me Out. Has it hear me out? The Hawks did it like everyone does it. But I'm saying if you're gonna complain about something, I'm not talking about you, but I'm saying someone else, like maybe start complaining about that because that does help a lot.


A lot of these teams go over the cap with a guy on LTR, then they get 'em back for the, for the playoffs and then they have a, a roster that looks better In incredible, incredible point. And I think in point that would probably actually yeah, that's a, that's applaud 'em everybody at home if you, maybe not, if you're driving, not if you're driving, I don't want to get rid of it by the way, because it does help. Like eventually if you have a team that you're rooting for that's gonna be in the Playoffs, you're gonna probably use this loophole. You're gonna hope that this loophole happens. So Let's explain what the loophole is. So, because it's a hard cap, like for instance, KA chuck was actually hurt. He got hurt at Four Nations. So in this example, the player was actually hurt.


So he goes on long-term ir, so they're allowed to use that cap space money in order to sign someone else and bring them in. As long as Kach sits out till the end of the season, once playoff begins, in certain cases you can activate them like a few games before. 'cause the money ends up still working out. But everybody listening, you get the gist of it. Where I feel personally that when Vegas has done it and exploited that rule, you first of all have to have an owner who's willing, willing to spend money. Yep. So if you have a a a, a cowboy type owner who doesn't give a fuck, they'll, they'll do, they'll do that. Like Bill Foley will and I, I do believe that Mark Stone was hurt in these cases, but they're stretching out the recovery time.


So where maybe this would've been a three week injury. It's like all of a sudden he's gone for seven weeks. One of the situations, mind you, he, they said he had an issue with his spleen, like a spleen thing. So that's nothing to fuck around with. I don't know if that's easy to just say there's a spleen issue, I don't know. But if that was the case, I'm not gonna bitch about that one. But he has had back issues where once again, all of a sudden game won playoffs. Well, holy fuck Mark Stone Sure. Looks like he's flying out there. You know, it's like a thoroughbred waiting to fucking pounce and, and out of the gate. Right. So this is something this year where Florida also and majority of cup teams do exploit. But Ka Chuck is playing hurt right now.


Like he is not 100%. So not only did he sit out, he's like, well now we're playing for keeps, I'll play 50%. Right? So I'm not gonna bitch about that rule that they're exploiting for the Panthers this year. I would more say they just have unbelievable players on these unbelievable contracts. Sam Bennett, they traded him for a sixth rounder. They essentially gave him away in Calgary. And once again, he makes $4 million. He scored 15 fucking goals in the playoffs. It's crazy for 4 million bucks. It's crazy. Yeah. Is it good ownership? Good general manager, willing to spend money. Good organization. Good organization. Organization as you would say, off as you, yeah. Yeah. So Tuesday night we got a pretty important game.


I would say a must win for the Oilers. Are they in a choke hold right now? Is this series over? It's weird. This fucking Oilers team, like every time you think they're dead, it's a Jason Voes. They just come back, right? I personally believe, like in my gut, that Florida's gonna close out at home in, in six games, but Skinner's gonna go back in. I boys, when I say I hated some of the lineup decisions they, they made in Edmonton, this knob block guy's done so many good things. He's pushed all the right buttons. But even before the game, I was like, why is this happening coming out? He's gonna go back in Evander Cain is taking some stupid penalties and all of a sudden at the start of the series, he's playing on the second line scores.


A goal being a factor to now he, he's played the last two games on the fourth line, right? They need to say, call him in and say, Evander, you've played pretty shitty a couple of these games and you've had some horrible starts for us. But the only way we're gonna beat these guys is if you're playing at your best and you're being a fucking asshole, you're running guys through the end wall and you're scoring goals and you're, and you're disrupting Bob, we're putting on you back on the second line with dry cidal. Go fuck shit up. Do that. Put Kanan back in. Put Klingberg the defenseman. Who's a better puck mover? Troy Steger has done an incredible job. He, he, he like, you know, it sucks. I think he's the seventh defenseman on the Stanley Cup winning team.


But they need to put Klingberg back in and they need to play 60 and, and, and that's how the lineup needs to be. And I think that they have a chance to go in there and somehow pull out a victory if they do, those lineup changes and somehow they catch Florida sleeping. But I think that they're too, too deep. They're gonna close this fucker out at home. And unfortunately for McDavid and dry side all, they just don't have a good enough overall team. And, and They don't, it, it would be an all time plans cancellation for me personally, because I'm sure you saw, but wit has totally reversed it on us being like, if it's game seven, you gotta come and basically doing the, you Would be a moron.


You would be an absolute moron that if somehow the Oilers win game six and drag them back to Alberta, the experience that you would see in that building would be like nothing you've ever Experienced. I'm, man, I've already made plans like I I I'm saying the cancellation of these plans would be the greatest. It's Good to be true. It would be euphoric to be like, oh, I thought I was gonna go to Edmonton this weekend. And again, I'm in, so I'm gonna go and I'm gonna have a great time if it happens. But to be like now I don't have any plans will be all time. And credit to Whitney, he's a genius. He's completely flipped it on me. I've had every day I wake up and it's just people being like, everything Whitney does for you and you won't go to Edmonton.


And just like shaming me, he's very smart move by Whitney. He was playing chess on us and It's too good to be true. Like I want you to experience that so bad because you have such a big platform both of you guys with like just sports people in general. And I don't know what percentage of those people genuinely care about hockey, but they would have to watch and pay attention and to try to witness the, like Gretzky says that McDavid is better than him. So like this is like other, let let's, let's put 'em second next to Gretzky. This is the biggest generational cha biggest generational talent with the opportunity to win the big one when he doesn't even have a that good of a team compared to Florida.


Like he would have to do something magical and something magical would have to happen and you would get to see the pregame ritual to bring them on the ice. That is like no other in the NHL, like no other maybe in sports you have to be there. And what if I won 50 pay Attention to what if I won the 50 50? If you won the 50, you know what the 50 50 would be if that I bet you'd be $15 million. Yeah, but that's ies, that's loonies, right? That's one $1.15 million. Us right now. Maybe a little bit more. Okay. Can you explain to us why Canada loves the 50 50 so much? I respect it.


I love it. So, so in Alberta, legally they open it up to the province. You don't need to be at the game. Ah, you go online and purchase a ticket lottery. So it's, it's basically lottery and just based on the hype around the games, it's just like, oh, it's up the, oh, all these Albertans are just all Ps each other. Oh, you see what the 50 50 was at Rick from Red Deer? You always, oh hey bud, make sure you get your ticket bud. 50 50 over 10 sheets, bud. Oh Man. I'm excited. I'm, I'm, I'm heading down to the boot, heading down to the boot and Blade for breakfast if you want to join me, but fuck man, make sure you get your, your 50 50 ticket. Oh,


alright. Biz, one last question. Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


It's always fun having you on. Everyone listen to Spiting Chick. Let's they is This Timmy's fucking question again? No, no, No. This wrote back question. The Spit and Chicks does the best hockey coverage. They've been crushing these finals, you know, the live shows, they've been doing the streams, everything. It's awesome. And they got the draft coming up. My last question though, how is the health, how's the gout? I don't know if you saw, you might've gotten tagged a little bit, but my daughter gave me a Father's Day like card that she did at school and it like had questions like what is, like what's daddy's age, what's daddy like say all the time And what it was like, what is daddy's favorite food? And she said steak. And everyone's like, dude, you're gonna be, you're gonna go down the route of, of biz here.


So how are you feeling? Are you still eating 20 ounces of steak a night? So I don't think it was the steak. Okay. Okay. Tell us Dr. Biz. So I think I might have been overdoing it on the sodium packs. Wait, you were doing sodium packs on top of the snake? I would, you know, I I tend to go down the steam room sauna. So I would say on average I was doing between two and three of those sodium packs. You put in your water a day. Okay. But keep in mind like I drink a ton of water, right? So I need, you need something to retain it. So I think I just, it overdid it on the, on the sodium packs.


Like, and listen, like I like the bo they send me the body armor ones. I love 'em, I love all the body armor. The water is delicious. Like all the flavors, like I love body armor. So I just think everything in moderation, like maybe steak and sodium packs. Yeah. You were adding sodium packs. Yeah, so I Have, I have had the, the, the NHL liver King Jacob Chi reach out to me. He goes Bud, I eat steak every day. He goes, it's not the steak, steak will not do that to you. It's something else in your diet. So if anything it's taught me like everything else is this summer I'm gonna get continual blood work I did last year. I tried to take a, a bit of, of a deeper dive into my health and just really try to get everything in that regard on the, on the right path.


Like make sure I'm eating the right things, knowing what my body maybe doesn't respond well to more moderation. And when you're living life on the road as much as we are sometimes it's hard to, to keep control, I would say. And, and I wi would agree that I'm very, I'm very disciplined with my diet for, to like a normal person's standard. But hey man, we're getting older, we need to figure this out. So I appreciate your concern with my gout if anybody's got it. Who's listening like it. I wasn't being a bitch about it. I thought I broke my foot. No, I'm gonna, and then I thought maybe we're gonna have to amputate the thing 'cause I had a staph infection or something. I didn't know what was happening to my foot. So we're past it.


I had the pills, it kind of rid of it and then now it's just more of like, how do I, I don't wanna just keep taking a pill the rest of my life. I think that people tend to just like to mask things with medication where it's like, let's try to take a natural approach. Just figure out my diet and Yeah, you know your, your health is everything right boys? Yeah, it is. Your health Is everything. So take a natural. So you're saying the natural approach will not, you're not gonna curtail your steak eating at all. You're just gonna do less sodium packages. Oh, I don't think I'll be just eating as much steak just 'cause I don't think, I don't need to eat 20 hours. It was more because I was in this, the TNT bubble doing TV every night and I just, I'm like, this is my routine. I like the two steaks, I like the baked potato.


I get the salad and then, and, and then, you know, I have maybe one other thing I go to, but I'm just, I'm thinking about the hockey I'm in. I'm in fucking autopilot mode. Yeah. So that's why about, you know, now And we were in this rhythm for about two weeks and that's when Li Liam, ew is like, have you ever gotten gout biz? And I'm like, no, why? And and and he's like, you're you're ripping 20 ounces of steak every night and you're, you're you're having a steak for dinner, A steak for dessert. So he thought maybe that would lead to it. Keep in mind it might still be the stake, but I've had a couple stake advocates saying that it is not the stake stake gras said it wasn't the stake. Yep. So there I might have created a, a civil war here with the people listening where there's some carnivores who are like, don't blame, stick for your goat man.


Yeah, I think you just eat only steak from this point on and and see if you get rid of gout that way. And chi you called him the NHLs liver king. He, he doesn't use light bulbs anymore, right? Doesn't he have his house lit by just candles? I think his teammates are, are, are, are, are blowing it out of proportion. They like to tease him about it. But I'll say, man Jay, I had him in Arizona, great kid. He's playing the best hockey of his career. He just signed an insane ticket and he, he's the type of guy who he's What's your screen? Time of day? Do you think you guys are on eight hours? Probably insane. I Refuse to look. Yeah, insane. I bet you he's getting an hour max. Like he's not the, he's he's really, he's really living in tune with his body and the earth and, and I feel like that's the happiest that anybody would actually be.


These fucking phones must drive us up the fucking wall. It's Facts. It's facts. Alright, biz, I might see you on Friday night. Thank you as always. You're the best and we love watching you on TV and everyone tuning into Spiting, Chiclets. Love You guys. Man. That was awesome. I had a blast.


Biz was brought to you by our great friends over at SimpliSafe. You know that moment at night when you're locking up, turning off the lights and you just wanna feel completely safe before heading to bed? That's what SimpliSafe gives me. I've been using it for a while. It's honestly changed how I think about my home security. It all started when my clothes got stolen, right, all my front step. I said never again. Most security systems only take action after someone breaks in that's too late. Simply saves new active guard. Outdoor protection helps stop break-ins before they happen. They have AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents that detect suspicious activity around your property. If someone's lurking agents talk to them in real time. Turn on spotlights can call the police proactively deterring crime before it starts. No contracts, no hidden fees. It was named Best Home Security System of 2025 by cnet. 4 million plus Americans Trust SimpliSafe. It's ranked number one in customer service by Newsweek and USA today. The monitoring plan start around $1 a day, plus they have 60 day money back guarantees. Visit simplisafe.com/pmt to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/pmt simplisafe.com/pmt. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


Biz was also brought to you by State Farm when basketball, the great players don't just do it alone. They have teammates, coaches, and a solid support system behind them. It's kind of like insurance because let's face it, a lot of us probably aren't great at doing that alone either. That's where State Farm comes in. State Farm's a teammate always ready to assist to help you find the coverage that you need to help you recover from the unexpected, from Fender benders to storm damage or even just a question about your policy. State Farm is there to help provide an assist when you need it through the State Farm Mobile app and network of 19,000 local agents and online@statefarm.com. So don't just go it alone when you need help protecting what matters most. State Farm is there. State Farm with the assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


And now here's Smiley Kaufman. And now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on our good friend, very special guest Smiley Kaufman. He is reporting live from Oakmont. He was on the call with NBC sports and he saw it all a crazy, crazy Sunday finished the US Open. We have a lot of questions. I think there's a lot of course questions, but I wanted to start with JJ Spawn with, I mean, an insane, insane round to start the turn He started the day five out of his first six holes were bogies. How the hell did he, like how did he do this?


How did he do it? He was deader than dead. He looked so lost and he comes back and, and in incredible fashion finishes under par and wins the US open. I mean, it kind of reminds me a little bit of the Cubs, you know, when they Yeah. Rain delay. Was that rain delay it maybe Jason Hayward, was it Jason Hayward that gave the speech Yep. To everybody in the locker room? Yep. Maybe Hayward was at Oakmont Country Club talking to JJ Spawn at the reset because I, I think without that he never wins this. I mean he just was lost. The composure wasn't there. He was doing his best. But I'm telling you, he had some of the worst breaks I've ever seen. Like every lie that he got in the rough was so bad.


Like starting at the first hole, I could barely see his golf ball in the rough and then he hits him in the rough again, could barely see it again. And then two, he like, all right, he settles in, finally hits the fairway and then hits a perfect wet shot. One bounces hits the pin and it spins off 50 yards off the green. You're just thinking to yourself, maybe it's just gonna be one of those days for JJ Spa. Yeah, I mean what he did to come back was just crazy. And the weather delay that, that you guys had, I think it was you on the broadcast that said it, I'm pretty sure it was you, it was the biggest drops of rain that you've ever seen in your life. Yes. Is that true? The biggest drops? How big were these drops? I mean, I thought it was hail at one point. So I, I then kind of like put my hand out to see, you know, how big these drops really are.


But just picture like the, the rain drop emoji, that's kind of how big it, I could compare it to. I don't if that makes any sense at all. Big, It was some heavy ass rain, some very heavy rain and Then heavy ass rain. And the place was, I mean, underwater, it really was the, the greens were totally fine but it, we did not need any more water after the rain away. And the fairways were, were, were definitely feeling it. Yeah. So did the course get easier or harder or harder after the rain because you would think that like, you know, rain softens things up, these greens were super fast. Did it, did it take any of that sting off or did it just present more new challenges? Well, it played longer and the fairways made it to where, for the most part the golf balls would remain with a lot of moisture on it.


And so guys would really struggle to like hit their distances. I saw plenty of players look like they hit good shots and then they just aren't able to control their numbers like they normally do. And it really seemed to affect Sam Burns. I was in the group in front obviously with JJ and Victor, but every time I looked back it seemed like when he was hitting a shot, it seemed as if he was disgusted either with his lie or how it came off. And it's frustrating as a player 'cause you, you practice to have a chance on the back nine of a Sunday and then when you throw all these, you know, crazy different circumstances and conditions that personally as a fan and as a broadcaster, you know, it was, it was playable. It was definitely playable. I could see the, the crowd of, okay, maybe the fairways weren't quite what these guys are used to playing, but it's a us open, right?


Like this, we expect chaos, we expect, you know, bogey, we expect pretty much everything other than a 50 footer being hold on the last hole to win the US open. But that's what we end up getting at the end. Yeah. Yeah. So, alright, so Sam Burns, because I, you explain to me did he get screwed on 15 because that was where it fell apart for him. He had the shot. Okay. He, he drives the ball, it goes right up to the edge of the rough and it looks like it's sitting in like a very, very wet spot. Not really standing water, but very wet. He, he kind of, he fucks that shot up, goes into the rough then he, it felt like mentally that kind of took him out of it because he then ends up with a double bogey and is kind of outta the tournament.


But did he, he was, he petitioned for relief I think twice in on that shot and he didn't get it. Did he get screwed? Does he have a fair gripe? Well, I, I think potentially, yes, and I'll, I'll tell you what the ruling really is. So you get casual water relief based off of where you are standing. And so what that means is if you look down and you look at your feet and water rises up, that's when you get deemed casual water. But it's not based off of where the golf ball is, ah, which is stupid. That's where the, that's where the, it really is a silly rule. There's plenty of silly rules that we have and that seems to be one that just kind of came out really at the worst time. And you're right, he hit it in the one place that you could and left to 15.


There was absolutely no man's land over there. So yeah, it, it definitely felt like the only person that was getting good breaks after the reset was JJ Spawn. Yeah, yeah. It did feel like the course got harder with the water just because it, it just like, there was that moment where everyone was kind of going along and there was, you know, pars and a couple bogies and then the, and then the, the, the rain comes and it was almost like the whole leaderboard at the same time just like fell off a cliff and like everyone, it was the moment where I think Adam Scott was fist pumping a a, a bogey and you're like, holy shit, this is different. He was genuinely so pumped for a bogey and you're like, man, this is becoming just absolute carnage on the golf course.


Well like from my perspective, when Sam Burns made the birdie put at 10, so I think go to maybe around one or two under par and then immediately follows it up with a double at 11, that's at that point when I'm in the fairway with my guys at 12 and I'm thinking, holy crap, so many people were in this golf tournament. There were five guys around that same time tied at one over and in the lead. And really players that haven't been a part of the storyline yet, like Carlos Ortiz, Tyrell Hatton, and all of a sudden, like Robert McIntyre is apparently playing golf. And so you're trying to figure out, okay, you don't wanna miss, you know, these guys way up there that could potentially post and win this golf tournament because every single dude was leaking oil.


And so JJ spun on the 12th hole, I was obviously with his group, he hits the fairway on that hole, even gets casual water drop drops. So you would think he would have like a less wet golf ball to be able to control it. And he hits like this biggest like push really one of the worst swings I made. All he made all week. But I think it was mainly the moisture on the golf, on the golf club that pushed this golf ball way to the right. And from my vantage point, my eye, you know, looking 200 yards away, it looked like it went into literally a wall of fescue. I was like, all right, JJ Spa's done right, like he's got no chance to win this golf tournament. So my mind goes to Victor Hoblin, who at the time I thought was playing much, much better than than jj.


And that's kind of how we were producing it anyways, is that we felt that Victor was probably gonna be the guy to come out of that group if it was gonna be somebody. 'cause JJ was playing so poorly. And I get up to the golf ball of JJ Spawn and there's fescue surrounding this big mound and somehow JJ Spa's ball was on the top of this mound with hardly any grass around it and a decent lie. And I'm thinking this was finally the break that he needed. He had gotten so many bad breaks through the first 11 holes, gets a good break at 12 and honestly didn't hit that good of a wed shot. I thought he really could have hit something inside of 10 feet, hits it to like 40 feet short and makes the putt.


And walking off that green, he kind of looks over at me and gives me a smile. And I was like, okay, JJ spawns back, he's officially back And from, you know, from from there pretty much he, he was, he was, he striked it at 1314. I think he gets a really good break in the right rough that could have been a, you know, Adam Scott gets, you know, absolutely screwed over in that bunker in the group behind him. But he gets a lucky lie in the rough to where he can actually play something up to the green where he could have pitched it, had to have pitched it back in the fairway or the, you know, the rough could have been so bad that, you know, he would've potentially hit it anywhere. But he got a good enough fly there and then he makes another one.


But at 14 and I'm like, oh my god, JJ s spa's gonna win the golf tournament. So just insanity. It was, it was crazy. And I think the guy that had the hardest time, at least mentally he was probably Hatton, I thought Hatton was gonna, he might come back in the middle of the night and like try to burn the entire golf course down. He was so angry. Which I, I like watching that type of golf. I know it, it sucks for the golfers but for all of us out there that are not very good, it's nice to see the best in the world feel the exact same things that we feel on a day-to-day basis when you just want to destroy your clubs, burn the course down. Yeah. Like say fuck this, quit golf entirely. And when Hatton was, he caught up in the rough and, and the rough just got so wet that it was impossible to swing through.


Is that what it was? It, honestly I have no idea. 'cause Hatton was out in front of me. I was really keeping tabs with the group behind me. But the one quote I'll give you with Terl Hatton that he said this week, he said, for the most part I'm always kind of a, a bit of a, you know, struggles with his temper. He's a very dramatic out on the golf course and he is anger issues if you will. He said for once every year everybody shows up at the US Open and everybody gets to feel and experience what I feel every single week. Yeah, yeah. And So that was, that was kind of the, the amazing quote from Tear Hatton. Yeah. The, the US Open. Like, I don't want this every week. I don't wanna watch golfers, you know, celebrate bogey every week.


But it's fun that once a year we talk about it rooting for the course. There's one time a year where the course is as difficult as possible and the guys have to just like struggle. And it does feel like the mental game comes into play a lot more in these type of tournaments where you just know like, 'cause these guys are just, and you tell me if I'm wrong, these guys play all the time where they're conditioned to be like, alright, we're in the fairway, we're, you know, we're greens in reg regulation, we're hitting for birdies and then it all flips where it's like, alright, a bogey is a good score and to have to mentally like get over that hurdle has to be a totally different challenge for them to deal with. Yeah, I mean you guys are always doing, you know, who's back of the week, golf courses are back.


Yeah. Big golf courses are back, you know, for the, for the game. All this being talked about, it was like Rollback the equipment, make the game harder for the pros. And this week Oakmont won and it had all the different, you know, variables you can throw in there. You had rain, you had the crazy fast conditions, you had the firm conditions really that showed up on Friday. You had wind throughout and then really a golf course that just showed out. Was it maybe too hard? Maybe, but I thought it was really fun for us open and I thought the guys at the top of the leaderboard heading into today proven that they were the players that were playing the best. Yeah. And guess what? All four of those guys who we thought were gonna be the ones that were gonna be, you know, in that main group of guys who had a chance to win.


Well none of 'em answered to the test today for the most part. And JJ Spawn was the only one to kind of reset and actually pull off some shots down the stretch. What, what, what is it that people like, I've seen that argument online being like, it's actually too hard. I saw someone tweet that that was essentially like, this is like Mickey Mouse because it's all luck when it's this hard. How's that possible? Like it's, again, it's not every week, it's once a year you're gonna play the hardest golf course and the US Open is gonna put to the the toughest test. How can you possibly say, oh, it's what does that mean that a golf course is too hard? Well, you would like for every, you know, mishit of a tee shot to be penalized similar.


So like last year for example at Pinehurst, you know, they had hardly any rough, it was all this sandy area with fescue that was kind of plotted throughout the sandy area to where you could, you know, find a good while We saw Bryon de Shambo catch a Catch your Brakes last year in that scenario. And, and at Oakmont I would say the big difference is, is when you hit, when you missed the fairway, for the most part you were being punished and very rarely did you come away with a decent lie to where you could get it to the green. So throughout the whole week players knew that when they got it out of, out of position, that they were gonna be fighting to have a chance to make a par. So that's when it means like having luck come into this.


Yeah. You know, I felt like JJ Spawn had some lucky ish moments over the last like six or seven holes to give him a, you know, an opportunity to not have to chip out back into the fairway to where he could actually advance something up to the green. Where I, I think he had, you know, two of those situations that happened, it happened at 12, it happened at 14 and then 15, he actually got a really good why and the left rough to where I thought he could have pushed it up further and he decided to lay it up and laid it up in the rough. I was like, what are we doing here? Like this is like, it's it's yours right now, jj, you're leading the golf tournament. He lays it up in the rough and then he gets another decent lie to where he, he was 83 yards away from the hole in 15 in the right rough and walking up, I couldn't even find the golf pump trying to locate it.


And then he somehow has this like little down grain patch that is in this like five inch rough, but I look at it, I'm like, he can get this on the green where I thought he was gonna have to leave it short. So he has that and of course he makes, makes bogey there. He, he par 16 and then 17. I'm, you wouldn't believe how good this driver was that he hit like standing at the, at near the tee box. This thing takes off. And I'm thinking, I think he may have just made a hole in one. That's how that, that's how good it looked from my vantage point. Yeah, he, I mean he played great, great on the back nine. And then one of the funniest parts was John Rom finishes his round. I I feel like it was seven hours before the end of the tournament. Yeah. And he's, he comes in at a plus four right, for the tournament and then they're like, Hey, you need to stick around because you might, you might win this thing.


And then Scotty ends up, was he plus three or plus four? I forget. But then Scotty, he has to stick around the clubhouse too, thankfully for not quite as long because then McIntyre was in there at a plus one. And when he applauded when JJ hit that final putt, I thought he was actually clapping 'cause he was pumped that he didn't have to play any more golf. I thought he was like, thank God I don't have to go back out there on this fucking course and get my teeth kicked in again. But the final putt that he had, the longest putt of the tournament longest made put of the tournament an incredible put. How how great was that putt? If, if you were to rank it in terms of clutch moments in major history, where does that fall On the 18th green? Yeah, I mean, what comes to mind, like one of the most clutch putts that I can remember is the one that, that Tiger Woods made on the 18 three at Tory Pines to, to eventually force that playoff on Monday.


I mean, that's the one that seared into my brain. This was a plot that, by the way, I was just listening to JJ talk right before I came in here. I don't think JJ knew exactly where he stood in the golf tournament, which blows my mind. Really? Yes. I, I need to like clarify this. Obviously, I, I wish I could have done a little bit more research before, but I caught the tail half of his comments of saying like, I didn't know exactly how big of a lead that I had and whether I needed to two putt or three putt. And I'm just thinking, how does he not know this situation right now? But let's just, let's just throw in another bit of luck in this. The fact that Victor Holin hits, hits it right behind his golf ball on a putt that I would say from a, a difficulty standpoint for just getting it down in two, I would've said that he probably had a a 55% chance of two putting, that's how difficult the putt was when you throw in that it was legit raining.


It was not very bright out. I would say it was, you know, seven out of 10 from a darkness standpoint and knowing no idea of how much this rain is affecting the ground. But then JJ said that he, it appeared to him that Victor hit the putt harder than he thought. And so with that, maybe that just gave him the extra bit of confidence to give it a, a little bit more of a hit. Because naturally in that situation, it would be natural for the player to come up short there. And if he came up short four feet, that putt would've been so difficult because it was gonna be a downhill left a rider, you wanted to be past that hole if you're gonna have something coming back. But I was standing 20 feet away from it guys. It was going maybe three and a half feet by which I think he would've made the comebacker.


What the other big story from this week. Rory, what's up with Rory? He's mad, he's pissed off. He's mad at the journalists. I do actually kind of, I'm not a big Rory fan, but I do kind of understand when he was like, I, someone asked kinda a leading question like, you, you've been carrying the water for the, for the tour for the last three or four years and do you feel like you can kind of do whatever you want? And he was just like, yeah, like I, I have that right now, but what's up with him? What is, what's the story? Have you heard anything? Well, all all i, I can just kinda report on is that he, he is clearly irked with the media. The media has obviously pissed him off a little bit. I think the big one was probably how the driver thing leaked out from the PGA championship.


That was one of the big things that I know he was probably disappointed with was that his driver was the one that got leaked where there was plenty of other players that failed the driver test like Scotty Scheffler. And then you started to see these articles and these stories and these Twitter, you know, the, these tweets just basically saying that was, was he using a, a band driver at Augusta? And of course like that is totally unfair to Rory McElroy to run any article about that. These are things that probably shouldn't have come out but somehow got leaked. And I think that's one of the reasons that he's been upset. And I, I think the other too is that he, he climbed the mountain of, you know, winning at Augusta, winning the Grand Slam. And I think he's just kind of been trying to figure out exactly what his new goals are and I don't think he's all quite there as far as just mentally physically ready just to take on the challenge of, of major championship golf.


It doesn't mean his talent has has gone away. It's just kind of the desire isn't quite there right now and just like a long day of the weekend of, of keeping your kids Big Cat. You know, you come Monday morning and you're just trying to catch a breath. Right. And I think when he gets off the golf course, he just doesn't want to talk to the media right now. We definitely said that his masters was head asterisk. Yeah, but that's on this show None of Scotty's wins. Yeah, yeah. But his yeah, yeah, we can do the math on that. Yeah. Yeah. We, we were definitely leading the charge on that because He probably goes out to the driving range and he probably hits it a few times with a hammer on the face of the driver. He is like, okay, I got that good trampoline spring now what if Rory Was just like, I'm mad at at PMT. Yeah, He's mad, he's mad at the journalist. I get that.


I feel like he's gonna get locked in for the open though. Right. It's poor rush man. That's like his next big milestone. I think it'll be easy for him to kind of turn his brain on for that. But I, I don't think Beth Page is gonna be too kind to, not only the Europeans, but Rory in general. I think it's gonna be no, that that week's gonna be absolutely just chaos. Yeah, no, i, I kind of feel, I feel in advance for Rory for what he's gonna have to deal with from a bunch of drunk, angry long Islanders out there screaming his name. It's gonna be great. Well it's gonna be great. I'm excited for it. Hey, can I, Can I go ahead. Yeah, go ahead. No, no, you go ahead. All I was gonna say is that JJ Spawn just played his way onto the Ryder Cup team.


Yeah. So I actually had a question about JJ Spawn because it's not, I mean he, he obviously he's been on on tour for a while, but he hadn't won a a major what, like, was, was this on your radar as a guy who was next up that could win one because like Victor Holin definitely is in that category. Sure. And then JJ Spawn kind of stole his moment there, but was he, what's his story? What's his, is he like someone who we can expect to go win a few of these? If you would've asked me heading into the week, who was the next guy to win a major championship and when I eventually would've gotten to JJ Spawn, it would've took me a while. And that's mainly just because I just need to continue to see more from him. Like continue to put himself in positions where he has a chance.


You wanted to see if the Player's championship was just an anomaly. Was that a week where he just played really well because he, he should have won Sony Open earlier this year in Hawaii, cognizant he also had a top five, so he had a great start to the season. So you're just wondering, is this a season in which, you know, he's, he's like peaking, like where, where's the peak in this? How good can JJ s Spawn be? And I don't think anybody knew. I don't know if JJ s Spawn even knew, but it's funny that I was at dinner on Wednesday night and I was there with a player and I asked him a question. I said, Hey, who do you think the most underrated player right now on the PGA tour is? And he thought about it a second. He said, I'm not sure if this is considered an underrated player 'cause he is playing so well, but JJ spawned and I thought, I thought about and I was like, you know what, you're exactly right because he is a guy that just is so rock solid, has no weaknesses.


And this week he got a hot putter and that's been his like Achilles heel was his short game, his putting, and he was, I think he probably led in Strokes game putting on the week, which if you would've told me that heading into the week that JJ s Spawn was gonna be the best put, I would've said, well, JJ s Spawn won the US Open. Yeah, yeah. So I, I'm looking at a few outbursts. We had a lot of outbursts this week from one from Rory smashed one of the tee boxes. I don't know if I consider him a bad boy though. He's more like sad boy of golf than we had an outburst, obviously from Hatton, we know that he's got the temper. And then we had an outburst from Wyndham Clark apparently in the locker room. Did he, did he destroy two lockers in the locker room?


Allegedly what the picture looked like? I haven't seen the video. Maybe Netflix was in there. We could see it later. Ooh. Then whenever the next whatever it's called, the full swing comes out and we'll see that footage. But yeah, I guess whether it's Wyndham or Rory, you gotta make Su or Hatton, you just gotta keep your, you know, eyes peeled when they hit a golf shot. You just gotta, you know, stay aware honestly. Yeah. Is, I didn't know that about Wyn Clark is, does he have a reputation as being a, a hothead? I mean, I think we all are. If you play this game long enough, this game will just drive you crazy. I've had plenty of moments in my career. I walked off a golf course in Memphis with my shirt literally ripped in half.


So I can speak on this knowing that I myself was somebody who really struggled with, with failures. So I get it. It's, it's the human element. But there is definitely a line as a professional that I think us that that a standard really that we're all held to. And I think Winham knows he is falling short on it. Rory of course knows that he needs to probably act a little better too. And I for one, don't ever mind throwing clubs espe as long as the kids aren't around. You know, if Yeah, if if it's just the boys out there and I'm, and I hit it terrible shot, I don't mind doing a little club toss. I don't think anybody minds it. But these guides are held, held to a pretty high standard. And the one I guess that, that T-Mobile won at the PGA championship comes to mind where the driver comes flying through.


I think I talked to you about Yep. You guys about it the last time I came on. So Yeah, it's two times in a row. We've been, we've been having the scoop on Rory and Wyndham with some emotion. Yeah. Do you, do you think that the, the u SGA, are they pumped about how this weekend went? Like every golfer's pissed at 'em, they're all upset. You've got all these outbursts, the guys you know, acting like they're 20 handicappers out there. Are they, is the U SGA excited about how this went down? Are they like job well done? I think that ending was was awesome. Yeah, because US opens PFT, like for the most part there's no like crowd pops, there's no roars. You know, it's not like the masses on the back nine where you just have those crazy moments. The big roars, where's that roar coming from?


Where's it on the course and you on your, you on your couch? No, it's like, all right, I'm ready at the US open it's like 10 footer for par, 10 footer for par. And it's like nobody fist pumping and nobody really knows where they sleep in this. But then at the end there, we get those big moments, we get that big moment at 18, the driver from JJ spun at 17. So we had a, a mix of, of just chaotic bad golf followed by like just insanely good golf at the end. So from us G'S perspective, they have to be elated. Especially that it finished in prime time on Sunday night with crazy conditions on an iconic anchor site venue for the SGA. I would probably say it was a home run and the, maybe the players will have different perspectives of that, of the conditions they played in.


But us as a broadcaster and N-B-C-I-I-I, I'm happy that I get to fly out tomorrow morning. Yeah. Don't have to fall off. It's funny that, that you mentioned the roar because at one point you guys flashed back to the 2008 US open coverage and I had it on in a different room. I didn't know when it was gonna come back on, when the, when the live plate was gonna happen. But I was in a different room and I heard a roar. I heard the, the crowd like going nuts and I was like, oh, I don't have to worry. That's not this tournament. Nobody's making like huge putts. Yeah. In this tournament it's, I know that's still the flashback from 2008. Well PFTI mean how many guys were just taking their, their annual Sunday snooze and they wake up and they're like, holy shit Tiger Woods is in this in the tournament now.


The amount of people that probably got confused waking up from a Sunday nap there, there probably was more than one. Yeah, Yeah. I got an insanely stupid question. Right? So Oakmont, you say you gotta hit the fairways And we saw like Bryson, you know, it was actually funny because I think there was that clip of Johnny Miller and, and Jack Lau like laughing about Bryson trying to play Bryson ball not making the cut where it's like, hey you gotta hit the fairways. Is it like if, could you hit the fairways if you take a little off your distance could like, 'cause these guys are so good. Was there anyone trying that where it's like, hey, I don't need to hit at three 15, I don't need to hit at three 30, I'm just gonna try to hit it two 70 but always hit the fairway.


Is that possible at Oakmont or am I completely making it seem simpler than, than it is? Well there was just certain tee shots you just had to hit the fairway on. Like the first hole was such a difficult hole. Like one comes to mind, you had the ninth hole and the 15th hole, those three holes. I could argue with you and say that Yes, like taking something off of anything to make sure you hit the fairway was so important. 'cause when you miss the fairway, you pretty much were going to make a five. There was, unless you got up and down from 110 yards. Right. So on those holes, yes it would've been smart to find something they got in play. But throughout the rest of the golf course, you know, it was, you know, it played firm ish Thursday, Friday it started to firm up.


And a guy like Bryson de Shambo and Roy McElroy, these guys, that's the strength of their game. You know, like it when they hit the fairways with their drivers, it's such a big advantage to them that they have shorter clubs into the green. So it'd be silly for them not to take advantage of their link on certain holes. And when you go look, look back at all the other US opens and Oak Bond, Dustin Johnson, he led in driving distance that week. He also hit a lot of his fairways. And then same with on hel Cabrera, like led in driving distance, hit a bunch of his fairways and both of those guys were like leading in the Greens and regulations stat, which back in oh seven with a Cabrera, it was very firm.


And if we would've had a really firm US open this year, no telling what the guys would've shot, I mean it was, it would've been borderline impossible because of how the severity of these slopes, it's like Augusta National with how sloped it is. And I think the Greens would've been faster. So the fact that we got moisture on this place on the weekend, and it's still, I guess JJ shot under par like by a miracle, but we were looking at a potential over par winner even with Rain on the weekend. Yeah. So where, all right, so that was a dumb question. Well, yeah, like it is, are you asking like if, what if you hit a five iron off the tee every time? I don't know. Like if you're just like, I can guarantee that I hit it in the fairway, it's not gonna, I I'm gonna do it.


That doesn't help you because like they tuck these pins and like you wanna have shorter clubs into these holes to be able to hold the greens and re like Oakmont's so important to have uphill puts and if you're gonna be hitting these long irons into the greens, especially with anything that's other than a back pin, like you're gonna be putting downhill just about every hole. Right. Which means you're gonna be having six footers per par all day. And that is then that's just saying if you're able to hit the greens from far away. Yeah. I Don't know if so yeah, for a second there. I thought I figured out oak one, but yeah, just hit it like, but maybe two 20, just right down the middle every time you'll be good. I, I was getting a sense that you were like just figured out golf in general and that you were just thinking about turning pro. You're like, Yeah, I was for, for a hot second.


I was like, hold on a second. You just hit every fairway. I don't know if it was you or somebody else on the broadcast that said it's, it's not even that much better to have an uphill putt because guys are so afraid of putting it past the hole and then leaving themselves a downhill putt that the course is just in your head. The greens are in your head that whole time. Yeah, it's, it's the fear really of like when you have the uphill putt you, it's in your mind you're thinking yes, this is finally an opportunity. I can be aggressive with one. And then all you're thinking about when you're over it probably from outside 15 feet is oh no, I cannot have the four footer coming back. So you constantly saw guys all week basically having a three footer up the hill 'cause they didn't want the comebacker.


Yeah. It's almost like you want to leave yourself a downhill putt for birdie and then you pretty much guarantee yourself a par. Yeah, I mean, just thinking about JJ Spawn, like the putts that he made at 12 and 14 downhill putts, those were putts that, that he just needed to get started on online. It, it wasn't, he was of course focused on like getting it up around the hole, but he may be hit that putt on 12 that was about a 40 foot putt. If you would've just done it. Like if you're sitting in your office right there, he would've hit it like a three footer. Like that's how hard he hit the putt for a 40 foot putt. That's, that's how downhill that putt is at 12 and then 14 similar from about 20 feet or so. He probably hit that about like a four to five footer.


I mean that's, and and really I think in pressure moments it's easier to hit downhill putts 'cause you're focused more on just speed and line versus uphill putts thinking about having to hit something. I've heard that said about many or many great players and many great analysts have always said that. And, and the put I made in my PGA tour when was the downhill put. And I, I tend to agree that in big moments I always seem to make the ones that were the downhill ones. Yeah.


Alright, smiley, I got one last question for you. It's a Rollback question. Thank you for doing this. Awesome. By the way, I think you have the video that's going viral of JJ Spa's put, was that your video that you took? I have no idea. I haven't really Gone on Twitter. Hank Shaking his head. I down a video but I'm not sure if it's viral because You were standing there. You were standing there. Hank shaky As he was. I was standing there. I got the tail end of it because after he made it I knew Dan Hicks was gonna have the call throughout the rest of that, so I wasn't gonna come in again. So the only reason I would've come in again is if he would've had like a four or five footer. So after he made it, I got my phone out and took a video. That's Awesome. Cool. Have later. Yeah. All right. Rollback question R-H-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


So you are going to the open championship. You guys are covering that NBC sports. Tell us who's gonna win. Just give us the winner right now. Alright. Heading into the year. My prediction was to hat, I just had a feeling that ter will, Hatton's gonna win a major this year. That's my prediction now, but we'll see. I mean, it would be cool to see Shane Ry have a, a chance to win again at Port Rush and, and Rory McElroy of course too, but I'm gonna go with the, the crazy man in Terrell Hatton. I'm, I'm gonna ride that boat. He's a Alyx, he's a lsy type of player. Hits it straight. And that's my pick for now. Okay. Okay. And then I just wanted you to rank this course in terms of the all time hardest courses for us Open Golf.


Is this number one or are we gonna go, what did Brooks, he won Shinnecock. He Won at won over right in 2018. Yeah. Shinnecock, compare this to Shinnecock. I've never been to Shinnecock. Actually we're gonna, we have the US open there next year, so I wish I could talk more about it, but I just remember the Zach Johnson quote after his round saying that the U SGA had lost the course and how difficult it was there. Hinney's had their moments of, of being a very difficult place. Wingfoot comes to mind, that was an over par finish with Phil Mickelson and, and Jeff Ogilvy eventually winning where Phil Mickelson made double bogey at 18. But Oakmont's gotta be up there. Yeah, it's gotta be, if it's, if it's not one, it's in the top two or three.


So A, it's always fun knowing when you get to Oakmont it's gonna be a special One. I shot a 72 at Shinnecock so it's not that hard. I heard about that by the way. Good point. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate that Mo. Most of the playing there was with my pencil on the scorecard, but yes, I appreciate that. Pretty incredible round by me. Also, can you define for us, what is a US open par? A u. Okay. So us Open par. That is a good question. So typically it's a, I would, I would've to categorize it as a put that you make from outside of eight feet and something went wrong before you got to the green. So whether it was a poor drive or poor second shot and then a nice recovery shot, and you make some sort of putt outside of, I would say eight feet, which kinda in that 50 50 range, that would be considered a us open par to keep the momentum Going.


I like that. Okay. I like that. It sounds, 'cause it sounds a lot like every par I've ever had in my entire life. Like, something goes really, really bad and then somehow you look into a par us Me and I played for par way too much Now. Wait. Hey, well, last, last question. What? And, and by the way, everyone go listen to the Smiley show because he is going to talk about everything and everything he saw. W why didn't you guys say lightning? Why'd you guys keep saying there's electricity in the, in, in the sky or there's no electricity in the sky? What was the problem with lightning? I don't know. Maybe just foreshadowing the electricity at 18. I don't know. I'm just, I'm just maybe gonna throw that out there. It Was crazy. Just no one would say lightning Y.


Yeah, I don't know. I, I think that's just kinda one of those buzzwords that was flowing around and I was, I was kind of rolling with it too, to where lightning seemed like a, like a cuss word to say. Yeah, I like it. It was crazy. You're like, jinxing it. If you say lightning, it feels like you're summoning it. But then you said electricity, it stayed away. No electricity. It did. And, and my, yes, I can tell you the electricity stayed away, but the rain did not. And my shoes are about to be thrown out here in the next hour. You should, you should frame 'em. Maybe sell 'em like the shoes that saw JJ Spawn. I'm never gonna forget this one. Boys. This was like an all timer. I can't imagine, you know, just the, the feelings of of, of winning that for JJ Spawn and just that memory for me.


Just the crowd pop the, the people in the stands jumping up yelling. It was an all timer. All timer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Thank you so much. Smiley. You're the best man. Safe travels back home. Alright boys, go tiger. We got the, we got the College World Series win now. Oh Yeah, yeah. Congratulations. Yes. Yes. That was a huge win last night. Also. Congrats on it's, congrats on Coach O. Just bodying that Alabama fan and making us stutter on the street. That Was awesome. You see him back too, you know, he's a humble pie for the Tide fans. They need it every now And then. I love how he, he, he got buck with him and then he, he flipped over into Coach Mo. I'm gonna be nice to you mode. Yeah. And then he tried to walk away and he is like, nah, I gotta go back and let him have a piece of my mind. Yeah, That Was great. No, that's, that's the defensive line coach coming out of him.


It's like, Hey, if you're gonna make a mistake here on the line, I'm gonna chew you new one, then I'm gonna, you know, teach you a lesson along the way. Yeah. I love it. I love it. All right. Thanks so much, smiley. Alright boys.


Smiley Kaufman was brought to you by Experian. We're gonna take a moment to talk about BFFs. Hank, who's your BFF on the pod? That's Gotta be pardon of my meme. Connor. Connor. Pardon Of my meme. Connor, who's your, who's your, who's your BF on the pod? We're gonna go with Zach. Zach who's your BFF on the Pod? I'll go with PFT. Thank you Zach. Be Cant. Who's your BF on the pod? I'll go with Max. Max. Who's your BFF on the pod? I'll say Big Cat. Oh, love it. Okay. Love fest. Everybody got a little love today, right? Everybody? I'm looking around the room. Every One. B fff meme's Got one. Max got one. Zach got one. I got one Big Cat. You got one. Love that feeling very loved. Nobody asked me who my BFF was. Who's your BF? I think it's Big Cat. Oh, love. I'm gonna go Big Cat. Love cat, Big Cat. I'm gonna go Big Cat. Almost one. There's one BFF who always looks out for you. Introducing your big financial friend Experian. Experian has a bunch of legit ways to help you save and get this. The Experian app helps you check your FICO score and a bunch more totally BF, F things to help you manage your finances. But your other BFFs can't do all that. Huh? Experian is here to support you in making smart financial decisions and maximize your financial potential. Get started by downloading the Experian app at no cost and let your big financial friend to help you take control of your financial future. Get started by downloading the Experian app today. Download that Experian app today.


Smiley was also brought to you by pardon my cheese steak and the new combo. Introducing the big one, brand new combo. It's called the big one. It's an original classic cheese steak. Your choice of a brownie bites or donut dippers and a drink all for a discounted price. Perfect for your game day meal or late night eats. Part of my cheese steak. Offers a wide variety of cheese steaks, loaded fries and popular desserts all delivered right to your door. Check 'em out right now. If you go to part of my cheese steak.com and use code PMC 20, you get 20% off part of my cheese steak.com code PMC 20, get 20% off and try the new combo. You get the cheese steak brownie bites or donut dippers and a drink. The big one all for a discounted price.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. I found it. Should we get Max angry real quick? Let's Piss Max off. Okay, this is from Adam Best Arrowhead Adam. This Is just wait. Adam C. Best? No, Adam Best. Okay. You remember that Guy? Yes, I do remember that guy. Wait, was he the, He got upset when Chaps did the blog about wanting to fuck a pumpkin. Oh, That's right. That's right. I couldn't remember if he was the guy or who the other guy who Men who work in sports need to speak out against Barstool. They're disgusting outlet and nobody should take seriously let on espn And that was when he wanted to fuck a pumpkin. Yeah. Fuck the guy wants a pipe. Who was the guy who, who had the website that hated Barstool and then he was like, alright, like July time for a two month break.


Oh yeah, Jamie. Yes. Yes. Guardian. He's like the Guardian. Fuck these guys. I can't believe they're Success. No, no, the ca the Cauldron. Caldron and then Yeah, and then July K's like, all right, that's it for us for the next two months. It's like, wait, what took a two month hiatus? It's beyond re the internet. Ach. Jimmy O'Grady. Well Beyond Reproach. Yes. Beyond Reproach. Okay. Adam Best Arrowhead. Adam, how many QBs would've won the Super Bowl with that loaded Eagles roster? Mm. All of them. 17 possibilities other than Hertz sounds. Right. He's put 'em in categories for us. Okay. Pretty easily. Mahomes, Allen, Jackson Burrow, very likely.


Daniels, Stafford, Herbert, Stroud, Dak Jordan Love Gino Smith, Brock Purdy, decent Shot Golf. Baker Kyler, Trevor Lawrence, Tua Max. I mean his tears don't even make sense. Decent in the, the people in the third tier are better than the people in the second tier who he's, he Had golf is, yeah. Golf Baker over Gino Smith and Brock Purdy. Yeah. Wait, would, would this also, would this team Brock Purdy had that roster the year before? That's a Good point. That's a really good point.


Would this, would this team have to play against the Eagles? What? No, they'd play on the Eagles. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So they wouldn't have to play against the Eagles with Jalen hurts on the Eagles. He's just saying that Ja Jalen hurts stinks and anyone could have lost. I love that Everyone still thinks Jalen hurts sucks because it's just like if everyone thought he was good, he just still will have a chip on his shoulder even though he won Super Bowl. MVP. This is just an all time I'm not owned tweet to have June 13th. Yeah. Four months after the Super Bowl being like, this is absolute bullshit. It's also another way of saying, you know who's really fucking good is the Philadelphia Eagles. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I also, I think that someone was like, Hey, didn't you have the, didn't you say the Chiefs were gonna beat them because they had a better roster and he had some like, he's like, well our, our offensive line got hurt and I had them as an a plus roster us as an a roster.


It's like, well, should have been closer then. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, you gotta, you gotta love this though, max. Yeah, I do. I I mean more bulletin board material, which is hard to do for a Super Bowl winning team. Also, the best part about playing on the Eagles is you wouldn't have to play against the Eagles defense. Right. Yeah. What did he say? He said, my prediction Super Bowl goes down to the wire Chiefs win 30 to 27 Clutch Mahomes driving nails, bucker kick the Eagles play their guts out, but it becomes a coaching passing battle late and they come up short. Philly has the talent to win just in case he has a rare clutch trait. Yeah, Just fanfic. Yeah. Yeah.


So yeah, that was kind of that, that didn't even rage you, that made you happy, right Max? Yeah, it's fine with me. I don't, I don't give a shit about this cat. I can't wait For four. What about even Gino Smith does that, does that name do anything for you? When He said Smith Crazy little, but I that's, I don't understand why Gino's in tier two. What about over Over Goff and Baker? It's not tier two. It's the very likely tier. Very likely. Sorry. Tua was also in the decent shot here. Could you imagine Tua running the tush bush? Oh my. He just instinct you G shit. That's just c that's the part of this fanfic. That's so funny. He's like, you're just completely ignoring the fact that the tush push is a big part of the Eagle's offense. And you're like, yeah, Tua can run that. Yeah. Kyler. Yeah.


Kyle's got that no problem. Yeah. Gino Smith's who, who like absolutely cannot run that Kyler would run it. He would Turn into an accordion If Kyler, if Kyler tried to run the to push. Yeah. Brock Purdy would be hilarious. Funny. Okay. Whatever. All right. I'm happy that you're, you're doing well Zach. Do you go outside this weekend In the house for most of the weekend? We gotta, we gotta get you outside. We Were doing some, we pulled the maps up earlier where I was getting filled in on some hotspot I should walk through during the weekend. Okay. 'cause it was nice out this weekend. Are Are you staying away from your windows? I, I'm getting way more comfortable by the windows. So Much more comfortable. Good. There. There was a huge street music festival outside of Zach's apartment and he had no idea that That's, Zach was so nice out on Saturday and Sunday.


So nice. I now know which direction. It's Perfect weather For the festivals. Well it's not gonna, That was a one that was a once once once summer. Yeah. Oh, nevermind. Alright, I missed it. That's no good. Didn't know that. But you should still walk that way. Yeah. OK. Go is playing about a hundred yards from your house on Saturday. Shit, That's Heartbreaking. Did Anyone hit Old Town Art Fair one? Oh no. They moved it up. What, last summer? It was like in the middle of the summer. It's, it was this weekend. I know. Yeah. I didn't realize it until today. Shit. Alright. Numbers Three. Wow. 99. Oh. 'cause punk's died. Dirty dog. Dirty dog. Wow. You're gonna try to win with 99, 77.


That would be an asterisk win. Can't Believe hundred percent an asterisk Win. I can't believe you're trying to do an asterisk win. That's, that's the lamest thing ever Number. What would that mean for, what would that mean for memes Legacy If Would he wanted 99 it would take his legacy. Like, you know it's a win man. Pug is the most beloved guy on this show in terms of our fans Loving pug. You would, the fans would revolt. It would be the dirtiest win ever. It'd be like me winning a 50 50 to a game. I didn't go to no memes protest tomorrow. Pugs literally home for his wedding right now. And Unreal. No memes. Alright, wait, what was, what was your number three? I'll take three. What was your number?


77. I'll take six. I'll go 15. I want 15 though. 55, 21. I'll go nine. Nine. I got a long 99. I'll go 13. Chaos. Chaos ensues. I got 13 six. Give it to me. Nine. Oh. I mean that's clearly a nine dude. Oh that would've been awesome. Are you gonna do, let's do one more official numbers three.


Are you gonna do it again? I want to do it stay not business. 18. Oh what a pussy. 99. Yeah. Fuck. Now I'm back to room for nine. Nine. Alright. 6 77 96. 1621. Who's got 3 52. Oh 52. Wow. Memes. You one. You couldn't hold it for one extra one.


Next time. You had the next time, but it didn't hit I I You gotta save it. Love you guys. It's like a power up. Love you too.