
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music


On today's, Pardon My Take. We have our good friend Paul Bissonnette on the show talking about his fight with the Irish Travelers. Maybe a little preview of the NHL preview, which we're not ready to do yet, but he does get us ready for some hockey. Took us, he took us around the league. Yeah, round the league. Great interview with him. He's the best. We're gonna talk some football. We have week 17 Picks And Preview. The bears played on a standalone game. It was horrific. We're gonna talk a little Christmas day games, maybe a little NBA as well. And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. DraftKings has a special offer in honor college football playoffs. Head to the DraftKings Sports book app and opt-in plays $10 or more on any college football playoff parlay of at least plus 400 odds. 100 listeners will have a shot at receiving a thousand dollars bonus bet for the college football National Championship. Go check it out and opt in today on the DraftKings Sports Book app. It is 100 listeners will have a shot at receiving a $1,000 bonus bet for the college football National Championship. Go check it out and opt in today on the DraftKings Sportsbook App gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. No purchase necessary valid DraftKings Sports Book account required. One entry per person bonus bet only valid on the College football National Championship. Game ends 1 9 20 25 at 11:59 PM Eastern. See official rules, responsible gaming resources, and free method of entry at sportsbook. Do DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. Yeah, Welcome to, Pardon my take presented by DraftKings. Go right now to DraftKings Place $10 or more on any college football parlay playoff parlay of at least plus 400 odds. And 100 listeners will have a shot at receiving a thousand dollars bonus bet for the college Football National Championship.


Go check it out and opt in today on the DraftKings Sports book app. Today is Friday, December 27th, and I just wanna apologize to America for what they had to watch with the Bears on their final primetime game of the year, the final Thursday night football game of the year. Holy shit. Was it horrific. Six to three Seahawks win. I just want this season to be over so, so badly. It's such a complete disaster and mess. And it feels again like there's no way out. I'm still gonna stay optimistic about Caleb, but he was bad. The whole team's bad.


Defense was good. The whole, yeah, defense. Defense actually, I thought the defense was gonna give a million yards and they like, after the first drive and then they didn't. Yeah, Brian Polls did a interview before the game and said that some of the slow starts are, are some of the things that weren't fixed in training camp. So he's talking about training, he's blaming training camp in week 17. Fire this whole fucking organization to the sun. I'm so sick of it. I apologize again from the bottom of my heart that that is some of the worst football. Like it's just a perfect fitting end to not only the Bears playing standalone games, but Thursday night football, I, the only thing I'm worried about is like Kirk Herbst Street, our good friend, he's gonna get even more agro after having to watch that and, and like, he's gonna be in just a pa sour, sour mood next week after having to watch that.


So I apologize to everyone. It was a horrific game. They're a horrific organization. They're a complete joke. George McCaskey should feel shame. He won't feel shame. Fans rightfully were booing fans. Also got Thomas Brown who can't figure out a clock to save his life. I think he might've been behind the Detroit collapse on Thanksgiving to go for it on fourth and one or fourth and five with like two 15 left. I was like, fuck it just punted. I don't even care. Like what does it matter? But it's, this is the dumbest organization ever. And I apologize to everyone. Also, the Seahawks are bad. Can we just say that the Seahawks are really bad as well, because like, you shouldn't, six to three is not a game you should be in with the Bears. Yeah. You shouldn't feel good about yourself if you're the Seahawks.


For sure. And it's, it's mean what Roger Goodell keeps doing to my good friend Big Cat and, and making them play primetime games, right When you think you're done. Oh no, we've got another Bear's primetime game. It's meaner what they're doing to Big Cat than what he did to Hank and Tom Brady of the Patriots. Roger. Roger Ell is a bigger dickhead for making Big Cat be exposed to the Bears in prime time all these times this year Than, than, than than deflate sanctions. Yep. I'll say, I Mean it's, and next year the schedule will come out and they'll do it again. He'll just be like, fuck it, I'll do it again. So, so Big Cat. There's some coaching search news for the Bears. So yeah, This is the other part of this.


Yeah, let's talk about it. So Ben Johnson's still like, you're gonna interview Ben Johnson. He's impress. Yeah. He's intrigued by Caleb Williams balls. They whistle and he likes that Pete Carroll has also thrown his hat into the ring as he did with the Jets, but he wouldn't mind coaching the Bears apparently. Or maybe it was his agent saying that to drum up interest. I don't know. It depends on which side you fall on in the sheer florio dispute. Yeah, so this was news, I think on Christmas morning that Pete Carroll would like a job. Everyone wants a head coaching job in the NFL. I don't like, I, these are the reports that like, why don't you just put everyone's name, have a list, have a huge list.


Like, hey, listen, Ben McAdoo wants a job. Matt, Patricia wants a head coaching job. Rex Ryan, Ron Rivera, Pete Carroll. Just go down the whole list of guys that want a head coaching job in the NFL. 'cause they all want a job because they're the best jobs in the world in terms of like pay and, and the height of your profession. As for Pete Carroll, he's a very good coach. He's 73 years old. And guess what, Pete Carroll's exactly what the Bears will do. They would do that where they'll just be like, you know what? We need someone, we need someone stable to right the ship to be a professional in these, in, in Halas Hall. Instead of being like, Hey, why don't we try to just pay Ben Johnson $20 million and be like, Hey, yeah, you know what, Ben Johnson might not work out, but at least we tried to get the best possible hire out there instead of being like, oh, this guy won a Super Bowl a decade ago.


Cool, let's bring him in. That will be fun. He's 70 fucking three years old. It's John Fox all over again. John Fox All over again. At least Pete Carroll won a Super Bowl. Yeah, I think, I think there's like a difference between John Fox and Pete Carroll. He's got a little bit more energy to him, but yeah, it is, it, it's like a very safe hire for them to do. The only safer hire in their mind, in their fucked up mind would probably be Ron Rivera because the ties back to the 85 Bears and he was defensive coordinator there for a long time. There was, did you see that article? It was in the, the New York Times or the Athletic, it said the Bears need a coach who holds players accountable. Look no further than Ron Rivera.


Again, I like Ron Rivera, he's great guy out front of the show. Great guy. But this is my point that I was just saying, every single one of these guys wants this job because you get paid a shit load of money to coach an NFL team. So that doesn't mean like, it would just be so Bears to go hire Pete Carroll. Like that's what they would do. They would do it and then they'd be like, listen, this guy has stability And we need to get, you know, we, we need, we need someone who knows how to win and a culture and all these, he's 73 years old. Go fucking give Ben Johnson every last dollar in your bank account, George McCaskey. And, and, and guess what? If it, if, if it, if Ben Johnson turns out to be a bad coach, I can't be mad that they at least tried.


You know what I mean? Like, they went and tried to get the number one guy out there. Wouldn't you guys say he's the number? I mean, Mike Vrabel obviously is also a number one guy out there, but go get the number one guy. I would say the safest guy is is Mike Vrabel. Right? Well, no, Pete Carroll would be the safest in terms of like, oh, like he, you know, Pete Carroll won't have a a two win season. Vrabel gonna be, he's gonna be a good head coach. Yes. That's almost a guarantee. He might not drive the price tag that Ben Johnson's driving right now. 'cause he's gonna have a, a crazy bidding war for his services. But I feel like if you're gonna, if you're gonna try to save on price, just get Vrabel, he's gonna be a great coach. Yeah, I I I, I love Mike Vrabel. If Mike Rebel's the coach of the Bears, I'll be very happy.


I just want, I want them to once go and get the, the number one guy, the guy that everyone's like, holy shit Ben Johnson. And it probably won't happen. I'll say it almost definitely won't happen, but at least go try. Don't say fucking Pete Carroll, I just want, I just wanna get to the playoffs. I don't have to think about the pairs. Like, I just don't want even they're, they're not worth, they're not worth anything. They're, they're, they're, they should sell the team. You know what the McCaskey should do? They should sell the team for a hundred dollars, what their family bought the team for and be like, you know what? We did such a bad job. We're gonna sell it for a hundred dollars. Do a lottery. Are you watching Yellowstone? Someone gets to win the Bears.


Yeah, yeah. Sell it to a Native American tribe for what they stole it for. I like that. Yes. Yes. I have not been watching Yellowstone, but I'm in, yeah, okay. Should we talk some Christmas day games, some actual football? Yep. That, that actually matters. The Chiefs 15 and one clinched the one seed, they now have like 24 days off. I don't care what, you know, people can poke holes in the Chiefs and be like, they're not impressive because they haven't scored over 30 points and they've had a couple close calls. They're gonna win the Super Bowl again. Just accept it. Like, if you don't accept it, I, I hope it doesn't happen.


I wanna see the Bills win the Super Bowl. I wanna see, you know, another, a new team. Get to the Super Bowl that hasn't been to the Super Bowl in a long time. You have to say in your head, like, what's gonna end up happening is the Chiefs now with the one seed, their second round game is going to be a team that they will kill and then they will play one game to get to the Super Bowl. Yeah. They will have one tough game to get to the Super Bowl and it will be at Arrowhead and they deserve it because they're the best team in football right now. 15 and one. But just think about it in your head, who they're gonna have to play in the se in in their first playoff game is gonna be like the Texans or the Steelers or, or the Broncos or the you Chargers, like one of those teams and they're gonna fucking demolish 'em.


So you can't even do the rest verse Rust because they're gonna get a tuneup game and then they just have to beat the bills or, or the Ravens at home and they'll be in the Super Bowl and then it's Patrick from Holmes in the Super Bowl. That's, that's exactly it. It's gonna be probably the Texans or the Steelers in the first round. Two teams that they've already beaten this year. They decided, they whooped the shit out of the, the Steelers in that second half. They beat the Texans pretty convincingly. So they were gonna have to play one of those, of those two teams at Arrowhead. And then they're going to play in all likelihood, the Bills or the Ravens, but to get it at home. So congratulations to the Chiefs. You guys did it. They've, you've won almost all your games, even though there were a lot of close ones. It's the Chiefs. It's, and, and like, I'm, I'm still impressed by the Chiefs because they're now, they're offenses looking good.


Like actually good. Patrick Mahomes is throwing the ball in like under a second. They're getting the ball out of his hands. The offense looks alive. The running game looks pretty good. They're just, yeah, they're, it, it's, it's not even frustrating to me because like yeah, I would ultimately like to see another team, like a team that maybe hasn't won in a long time, won a Super Bowl, but at the same, they're so good. It's kinda like the Steph Curry effect where you're like, it's still kind of entertaining to watch greatness at this level. So congrats The Chiefs. I watched the Chiefs aholic documentary today. Have you guys seen that yet? No, I haven't. I need to. I recommend it. We show up in there for about three seconds. It's Billy asking if he can go hunt down chief aholic when he skip bail and us saying Yes, please go, go hunt him down.


Also, the hard factor guys are in there. Robbie Fox is in there for about a quarter of a second somehow. Love it, love that part didn't make any sense, but yeah, good documentary. Chief Aholic iss gonna be very happy and his person sells somewhere. It's, they're just inevitable. They are, they're just really, really fucking good. And, and we've said this before, but if you are someone who is sitting there being like, the chiefs aren't that good, they're lucky to be 15 and one, I can't stress enough how stupid that sounds because they are just the best coach team with the best quarterback and, and it might not look pretty, but when they need, like if you make a mistake against the chiefs, the way they're set up and the guys that they have, they will always capitalize.


And every single mistake is, is is magnified by that much. Because you have Patrick Mahome and Andy Reed and Chris Jones on the other side who didn't even play against the Steelers. They're just good. They're just really good at football. And to discredit them is is silly at this point. And Oh yeah, they got Hollywood Brown now. Yeah. And Xavier worthy, who we talked about is starting to work his way in. Like he's gonna be a big, big factor in the playoffs And a pretty rested healthy Travis Kel and Oh yeah, their coach is literally Santa Claus. So good luck with that. Hey, rocks, as for the Steelers, I'm so happy that I didn't always go all the way in on the Steelers. I always was one foot in, one foot out because that team is a fraud.


And they just did the same thing that they've done every single year where they win more games than you expect. And then at the end of the season, they start to tee to to, to fall off a cliff and they're limping into the playoffs here after losing to the Eagles, the Ravens and the Chiefs who are all very good teams. Like if you ask me, are the Steelers better than 20 teams in the NFL? Yeah, they are, but they're nowhere near the top five teams in the NFL and that's what you judge it on. Especially in a town like Pittsburgh. They're just not to be taken seriously in the a FC playoffs. Yeah, I mean I think, I think they can beat the Texans, But I mean the Texans are bad too. Texans aren't, aren't looking so good.


But I think they can beat the Texans. I they might just be right outside that Chief's Ravens Bills kind of, they're not serious. If they're not, if they're not, it, it doesn't mean that they're a bad team. I think that they're a good team actually. They're just, they're just, they're not gonna win it. They're not good. They're not to be taken seriously. They're not playing for a Super Bowl. Correct. Yeah. They're just not, they're not playing. There's no world where they're gonna win three playoff games in January. Yeah, it's still cool. Russ Wilson story, I think. What do you do with him now? I think you, you kind of just let him hang around, Resign him For how much? I think you, I think you wait to see if he comes to you and asks you for a contract.


You just, you just hope it's an on auto renew? Yeah, I Current price. Yeah, you just kinda wait 'em out. Maybe just do that. Maybe just like send 'em an email. Congratulations. Your contract with a Pittsburgh Steeler has auto renewed for the next 12 months. The same price of $1 million. Yeah, that I I don't think that you like pay 'em a shit load of money, but yeah, I make, make him an insulting offer and see how insulted he is at at it. I I do feel bad for, oh yeah, the Steelers also memes just texted this. They, they have a, a, an issue on defense because basically it was like Kim Hayward, TJ Watt, I think Patrick Queen, they all have been alluding to, there's one guy who's just not doing their job.


It seems like people are thinking this might be minka, but I don't know. But Cam Hayward said when 10 guys do their job, one guy doesn't, we are screwed. And there's been these, like we things, quotes the last three weeks that it feels like there's a big problem on the defensive side in that locker room and someone's not pulling their weight. So, and I don't, I mean, Tomlin's a guy who can figure it out, but I also Steelers fans, I I, I feel bad for, because most of the NFL looks at the Steelers and they're like, I want that never going under 500. Mike Tomlin I think is still a very good coach, but the Steelers fans and the city of Pittsburgh, they are one of those franchises that judges is on Super Bowls.


So like I can say I want what the Steelers have, but then the Steelers are like, Hey, we haven't won a playoff game in like seven years. This is bullshit. And this is, I think it was, it was the fourth time in the past six years, the Steelers have lost three consecutive games in December. So that this is just kind of what they've been doing. So I, I feel bad for Steelers fans because for the majority of the NFL we're jealous of what you have. But Steelers fans are like, no, no, this is not Steelers football. We are not a serious contender. They kind of have been dealing with it though. Like yeah, they're not happy with it. Steelers fans aren't happy with it, but the organization is, is okay with it. They have to be. So the model, I don't know what I, I just feel bad for Steelers fans 'cause they're, they're like, you, you, you can't, if you're a Steelers fan and you complain to a lot of people in the outside world, they're like, dude, shut up.


You guys never go under 500. But their standard is different. So I understand their complaints And it's definitely Minka. That's the guy he's talked about. Yes, definitely. Minka Definitely. If, if you saw the most recent, the last two games, he's just, I he's just like completely freelancing when he comes in trying to tackle and run support. He's just, yeah, he, he'll be in the wrong channel and then it'll be a 50 yard run and it's all because he took the wrong angle on it. And they're not even like that. That was such a Mike Tomlin spot on Christmas Day. Chiefs don't want to have to go there. Chiefs don't, you know, they, all they gotta do is win one of their last two games. Underdog at home from Mike Tomlin.


And they just got, they got absolutely worked. Like it wasn't even, it wasn't really a competitive game. No. Well, the, the first half, at the end of the first half, I thought it was gonna be competitive 'cause they put together a nice little drive and you thought maybe, but then second half was just all chiefs. Yeah. And then for the other game, I mean that was a shit kicking. What was the final score? 31 to two Two. Not a s Kigami. Right? Not a Sami. Not a s Kigami. The Ravens absolutely killed the Texans. The Texans are in a bad, bad spot. Let's talk about the Texas real quick and then I wanna talk about Lamar and the Ravens.


The CJ Shroud has regressed. I know there's a lot of things around him that are not going well and you know, two out of his top three wide receivers got hurt. His offensive line, his joke. But he is regressed and I, I don't know what else to say. Like he, he was anointed And we, we did it too. We were just, you know, like some of that talk about being like, he's so good and, and his contract's so cheap. Like he has not been good this year. Who would you rather have? CJ Ra or Bryce Young? I ask again. Re redraft Redraft C Yes. No, definitely CJ Stroud. But they, yeah, they're, they're a sad offense to watch right now.


Mixon looked like he was gonna get into the end zone and then once he got stopped at the one, it felt like nothing, nothing at all went to Texans Way. You're probably not looking forward very much to that opening round playoff game if you're the Texans. No. It's like you would rather just try to lick your wounds and be like, okay, let's, let's regroup, try to get people healthy if we can. They couldn't do anything with Derrick Henry couldn't do anything with Lamar. Also Derrick Henry, I don't know how we, we missed this. We haven't talked about this. Derrick Henry cut his hair. Yeah, he did a co Yeah, a couple weeks ago. Yeah, after the bi week. Yeah, so he, he got, well I guess it wasn't, I don't know if it was a haircut or not, but he turned the giant ass braids into cornrows so you can no longer tackle Derrick Henry.


That was his one. Like, that's a surefire way to get him down. Just grab that, that big clump of hair and, and jerk his neck backwards. So he can't, that's championship mentality by the way. 'cause he's been growing that out for probably 10 years and he is like, I'm gonna change it for this playoff run. I feel like that's that's a good vibe. His head's in the game. Yeah, but they, they couldn't do anything with, with Lamar who just passed Michael Vick's record. 41 fewer games, by the way. Yeah. It it's insane. The defense couldn't do anything at all against him. Also, shout out to Netflix. Shout out to Netflix. The score bug was awesome. Score Bug Was cool. It felt like it was classic. Minus the fact that they just took away a Steeler's timeout to start the game.


Yes. That confused the fuck outta me. The game hadn't kicked off and the Steelers had two timeouts, but other than that it was a good broadcast. But yeah, the, the Christmas Day solidified what we already knew, but it was like really crystallized that. The A FC is the Chiefs, the Bills, the Ravens, that's it. There's no one else. Those are the, those are the three teams. And watching 'em duke it out. And this is why the Chiefs getting the one seat is so important because the Chiefs, the Bills and the Ravens are gonna have to play and then play the Chiefs. So it's, but the Ravens are playing great ball and Lamar is out of his mind. He said on the, the 48 yard touchdown run. He said he was just jogging. Yeah, he was 21.25 miles per hour.


And Lamar Jackson has 41 games, fewer than, than Michael Vick all time record. He also has the second highest passer rating in a single NFL season this year. So 2011 was Aaron Rogers 122.5. Lamar this year's 121.6. He's been outta control. It's insane. You see that, that after the game, some news broke about Josh Allen's hand. He's been playing with a broken left hand all season. And then yeah, people were saying like, oh, is Josh doing like some PR work here? Because Lamar had such a good game. I ho I wish they could both win MVP. Yeah, I wish they were, I want there to be co MVPs. Like there were, it was Peyton Manning and Steve McNair, right?


Yeah. As a messed up time to be alive. 2004. I don't care. Yeah, that sounds about right. But yeah, Lamar, Lamar, Lamar seems like this was, this game was a step towards maybe an MVP for him. I just wish we could find out who was gonna win MVP before they played the playoffs. 'cause then I would bet on the other side. Yeah, That's It. What were you say Hank Beyonce. Oh, didn't watch Your thoughts. I was in Lego. Hell in this game. I was in Lego. Hell, I just wanna say that I did not watch the Beyonce halftime show your Thought. I mean, they did this. They, They basically did a Super Bowl halftime show. It was, it was, it was spectacle.


Impressive. I watched with the sound off. I thought it was pretty good. There's her reviews. I saw people were mad about it online, so she probably did an okay job. Don't, Was there any Satanic imagery in this one? Yeah, There was some Satanic in imagery. There was some people talking about Jay-Z and Diddy. So that, that means she did a good job. I guess if you get people pick, if people watch music, halftime music show and then take to, what's the app called? PFT? The everything app. Yeah. X com. They take, they take to the Everything app and they talk about how America's eroding and, and, and our country's going to, going to shit off of a 10 minute musical performance at a halftime of a football game.


That means they probably did a good job. Yeah, I would, I would agree. As somebody who watched it with a sound off. I think at one point she did that Texas Holden song one where it's like down, down, down. That's a great song. I it probably sounded good if you listen to it. There's another note from, from the halftime show. Well, they were all wearing Cowboys gear. What? Yeah, her, her album's called Cowboy Carter. But it was like the same Texas colors as the, it was the same color as the Dallas Cowboy. You Know what it was, you know what it was? It was probably Goodell sending his smoke signal that the Cowboys are gonna play a triple header next year on Christmas day after what LeBron said They were in it was in Texas.


Yeah. But the Cowboys weren't in the game and they were wearing stuff that said Cowboy Carter. This is a Philly complaint if I've ever heard one. This is a Phil album. I Was not the, I was, I was not the only, I was not the only one that said that on. Well, yeah, there Was probably other Philly people and Your dad all sitting in your living room. Did you know until just now that her album was called Cowboy Carter? No, I did not. Okay. Max didn't. Max is Definitely, He's like, there were multiple people in my household who were pissed about this Cowboy's gear they were wearing. I Why did it have to be that color?


Yeah. Back. It was Max. If, if they had the Eagles playing at a halftime show, you think actually, yeah. Cowboys fans would be pissed about that. See Max, I can appreciate this complaint. This is the, this is a complaint more in my wavelength than, than being like the Satanic imagery and, and all that shit. That shit's always over my head. But just a a a pissed off like way too full max with his broken foot probably leaking farts out of his ass being like, where the fuck are the Cowboys gear on? Also may not exactly be the Cowboy's color, but it was the Cowboy's font. The Font was, It's whatever that like Houston Blue is they their uniform Battle cowboy.


It It was a lot of white wasn't it? It was a lot of white uniforms. Yeah. Cowboys were white. H how many games do you guys think we're getting next year on Christmas after what LeBron said? I think, I think three. I think we get six. No, no, they won't, they won't do a full slate. They'll do, they'll do three, I think. But Cade might just be like, you know what, fuck you. LeBron 9:00 AM Football. Yeah. Football is the only thing that, I mean, FL and Christmas is the only thing that matters. Only support that matters. Yeah. The no Christmases is the NBA's day. I like how he said that after the game. Like, like he knew what the ratings were already. Yeah. Just because he, he felt good about how he played on Christmas. LeBron in in LeBron. Like, listen, I know that Christmas has historically been the NBA's day, but Historically it's been Jesus' day.


It's been Jesus' day. But I'm saying like in the sports world, it has been the NBA's day. LeBron, I, I don't know if you knew this, but like the NFL whatever they want they're gonna take. And you can't say shit about it because I watched, I didn't watch a second of, 'cause that was the other thing, the, the fuck you by the NFL is being like, we're doing it on Netflix, so you can't even flip back and forth. Yeah. I watched You can't log outta the app. There's no, there's no channel changing. I basically, my NBA watching on, on Christmas day was literally just the sandwich of the, of football. I watched the first quarter of the Spurs and Nick's game and I watched the fourth quarter of the Warrior's Lakers game.


Yeah. It was just when football wasn't on, I turned on the basketball. Yeah. So I was at, i, I was at a party and got, I got schooled by two middle schoolers. The first thing I got schooled by a middle school girl who told me all these stats about Travis Kelsey and how great he is that I didn't even know. And I was like, fuck you really know, you know football? 'cause she's a Taylor Swift fan. And then there was another middle school guy that right when the NBA games kicked off, he goes, can we please change the channel off the NBA? This product is unwatchable. And I was like, yeah. You guys know Ball. Yeah. The the, the Lakers Warriors game was great.


Now, so Max and Hank, you guys went up against each other. You, you, you fought on the text chain where it was just, you guys were just congratulating each other back and forth for what felt like a half hour. What? Any thoughts on the game Hen I'll let you start. Max. I'll, I'll kick it to you. No, you can go ahead on this one. Congrats. Congrats. Yeah. Sixers are back. Everyone knows the NBA starts on Christmas. The Sixers are one and oh and the NBA season this year. The Celtics are oh and one. That's the only way that you can really look at it. And that's just a fact. All right. Are you, are you back outta the Cooper Flag business Out of Cooper Flag?


Officially out on Cooper Flag 11 wins back on Christmas. You got one more than you, than you told us you were gonna get. We also said that if the Sixers beat the Celtics on Christmas, that counts as 10 wins in itself. Wow. So That was part of the stipulation Is Joella Okay. Yeah, he tripped, he played great. He tripped over over a Jo Joel beat and Bryson Debo don't put any ropes near those guys. I'm just gonna ignore, ignore that. That was a nothing thing that Twitter got excited about for no reason. He's down the ground for a long time. One thing that is relevant is Caleb Martin might be, might be the Celtic killer.


That might be the difference. Oh, I fucking hate that guy. I hate that guy. Caleb Martin is, he has been horrendous this year and all of a sudden shows up on Christmas Day goes seven of nine from three and just berries every single shot against the seas. He's the Celtic killer. He's, he's gonna be the difference maker this year. We'll always say to Al Al Horford, I don't understand why he plays so well against the Sixers every single time. Yeah, I mean it, listen, it was a, it was a good one for the Sixers. Like obviously they're not that good of a team. I wouldn't say it was a championship DVD starting win. But it is like, when they're in the playing game in April, like they'll probably have to run some video to start that game. And it will probably start with the Christmas game.


So like that's, you know, little victories and, and I'm, I'm happy for Max. Congrats Hank, you're so mad because you don't, I mean, you, you, you, you're so mad. You just gave them life. They're a let, there, there are still six games under 500. Like, I, I actually, They're one game. They're one game ahead of their progress report, which was 10 wins on Christmas. Yeah. I mean it's, it's, it's sucks Jeremy McCain's out for the season. 'cause then, then I'd be really worried. But yeah, I mean if you're counting on Kayla Martin to black out and hit every shot every game, like good luck. Good luck with that. Like, that's, that's not a, I guess the Celtics he does against the Celtics. He, he cooks the Celtics. He's the Celtic killer.


Yeah. We'll see the playoffs I guess if you guys make it Ho I Like that. Go Hank. It's it's the playing game hype video for the, for the fixers. Yeah. Eight and three in. They're past 11 Sixers. Or eight and three in they're past 11. Two words for you. Max Mac McClung. Do it. Call Him up. Do it. I don't even know if he's still in the organization to be honest with you. I'm Sure you could do. How did that name just come to your I'm sure. Okay, so at this same Christmas party I was talking to the world's number one Mac McClung fan, probably even more so than his parents. And by the end of it, I'd watched all the highlights.


I was like, it is bullshit that he's not in the league. The Sixers should bring him back. Osceola. He's on the Osceola Magic. I'm like visualizing you sitting at the kids' table for some reason during all of these discussions. Oh No, it was, It was a podcast meme from the basement. Yeah. Yeah. It was three kids sitting on the couch. Yeah. Bring him back. Bring him back Max. I made a promise to a child. Oh man. All right. Right. Max. Jason Tatum will just forever be able to get away with push offs until the end of time. It's incredible kidding. Every single time. Every si every single time he shoots a three, he just completely pushes off the create separation every time.


And then he winds that he got fouled. Jason Tatum is just as much of a whiner as Joel Embi. I will stand on that hill. Jason Tatum, push off whiner. Okay, so the Celtic Sixers game had 5.1 million viewers. The Ravens Texans game again, we'll just score that 31 to 2 31 to two. Well, they had Beyonce, 24.3 million viewers. Yeah. The only thing I didn't really love about the broadcast was how it seemed like, I don't know what the rules are, but they had people from like every channel that, it was like the Avengers that they brought in where it's like they have hosts of people from E-S-P-N-N-F-L network, Amazon, they like mixed it all together and they're like, here's our, here's our studio.


And then they had Netflix Rules Analyst, gene Ator. I was like, that's not, that's not right. He's not Netflix rules analyst. I don't know what the rules are, but they can just pick anybody off. Shout out CM Punk who went on before the game and was like, sell the team. George McCaskey, you're a piece of shit. I like that. But yeah, you're right. It was the Avengers. It was like, who? Wait, RG three and Mina Kimes. And, and who else was Oh man, Man from NFL Network was on there. Drew Brees. Was he on there? Yeah, I think he was. I'm surprised. I was just, I was waiting for a jump scare cut to Tony Dungy to, to frighten everybody. Yeah. JJ Wat did a good job on the first game.


Like it was Yeah, it was, it it was both the Eagles Yep. Calling the games. But yeah, the, it was a good, listen, football, I'll watch football a hundred times out of a hundred times over N-B-A-I-I will, I still love the NBA playoffs. And that fourth quarter of the Lakers warriors was awesome because that was throwback Steph hitting that three. And then Austin Reeves terrible defense, Austin Reeves went right to the cup. But that was, that was an awesome game. Like I had very, I had a lot of fun watching that. Good job. NBA Good job NBA But yeah, I wouldn't pick a fight with Roger Goodell 'cause I seriously think the Cowboys might play a a, a quadruple header on Christmas Day next year.


What would, what would be the ideal Christmas Day matchup for the NFL Game? Oh, they're Oh, oh. If you don't think, if you don't think the Chiefs and the Bills are gonna play, no, it's gonna be Chiefs and Bills and then it, it, it might be Cowboys Eagles. Like it's going to be Roger Goodell is going to drop the hammer on the NBA with the matchups. 'cause it's also a Thursday game. So it's like it won't be know, it won't be as weird with the Wednesday stuff like it. He's going to drop the hammer on on the NBA. What about Aaron Rogers comes back Jets at Packers. He, he will be the Vikings quarterback next year. Probably Vikings at Packers. No, but it's going.


Yeah, like if I had to predict it, it would be, it's gonna be Ravens or sorry, it's gonna be Bill's Chiefs. It might even be Ravens Bengals and then Cowboys Eagles or cowboys lions. Like it's going to be awesome. The triple header that Roger Goodell, he's gonna drop his nutsack on Adam Silver's face And bet all the away teams. Yeah, because Christmas, like if the games are on Christmas, you don't think that the away teams have a big advantage on that? Oh yeah. There's my be there's my under theory that that is no longer existing but worked for like a decade on NBA unders. But I think it's a little bit different even with the NFL because the road teams, they don't have to worry about like Yeah.


Having a big meal Christmas Eve, Christmas morning. They don't have to. It's like the opposite of the baby bump. Yeah. When you have, when you're a home team and you have your parents in town that you're hosting, you actually play lethargic. Having relatives in town is, is a detriment to your game. What did we have last year? Christmas 20? It was, was it Raiders? Chiefs? NFL Eagles played the Giants. Yeah. 49 ERs played. Eagles played the Giants. Yeah, the ch the Raiders won. The Eagles did win. They were home and then the Ravens won. So two in one road teams. Yeah. Eagles almost blew that game though.


They were, Well they blew every game last year. True, true. Very good point. Yeah. Hank, can you set a reminder for Christmas next year? The most important thing is to bet on the road teams. Yeah. It's sad. My NBA unders, we had a hell of a run. It's just they shoot too many threes now. It was it years in a row where it was a sound investment where it was just every, every single NBA every single Christmas day, it would go two in one unders for the first three games or three and Oh bare minimum two in one. 'cause they would just all be like, I just ate a big breakfast. I open presents with my kids. I didn't do shoot around and now I'm here playing an NBA game. 'cause you got, you gotta think that the road teams celebrate when they get back home, right?


Yeah. Big time. They don't, they don't do it early Big time. Okay, good. Show boys. We we kick it to ourselves for some week 17. Pick some preview. Make sure you listen to our really in-depth Jaguars Titans preview and then we will see you on Monday.


Okay. Before we get to the weekend preview, we are brought to you by our friends at Gametime, the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Plus, if you're trying to see the Oregon Ducks in the Rose Bowl on New Year's Day game ties, time has an exclusive discount for you. You can get 10% off tickets in the home, corners away, corners and end zones only on Gametime making their great prices even better. Just select one of these zone deals and Gametime will choose your seats within the selected zone. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account, use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase and get 10% off your Rose Bowl tickets. With Gametime terms apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it Gametime?


We are also brought to you by our friends at the Poptarts Bowl, which is tomorrow if you're listening to this on Friday. You know what I was just thinking about? You guys remember the Poptarts mascot that got put into a giant toaster and devoured at last year's Poptarts Bowl? The internet went nuts. Well I just got some insider information that it's happening again this year, but with a new twist that's even wilder this year. Three new Pop-Tarts mascots are joining the party And we will be competing to get toasted and eaten it in this year's Pop-Tarts bowl. Yep. It's exactly how it sounds. Three Pop-Tarts mascots enter one gets eaten And we get to witness it live at the game to get fans in on the action. Pop-Tarts is asking them to vote for which mascot they think will get eaten at the Pop-Tarts bowl. For the chance to win a piece of the winning edible mascot in a year's worth of Pop-Tarts, toasters pastries, no purchase necessary. See poptarts.com/bowl For more details. So mark your calendar because the 2024 Pop-Tarts bowl kicks off December 28th at 3:30 PM Eastern on a BC two teams, three edible mascots and a packed camping world stadium in Orlando. Catch all the crazy good moments. Get a sneak peek of each mascot by falling at Pop-Tarts us and at Poptarts bowl on social and visiting poptarts.com/bowl this year. Poptarts is bringing more flavor, more fun and a whole lot of excitement. Don't miss it. And again, go to poptarts.com/bowl. You can get a year's supply of Poptarts. What I mean, that's incredible. So get excited. It's happening on Saturday, December 28th. The Pop-Tarts bowl is back.


Okay boys weekend preview. We've got a lot of games that mean absolutely nothing. We've got a few games that mean a lot. Should we start with Saturday? Saturday. Saturday. Saturday. Hank there is Saturday football again, just so you know. I know the Patriots are playing. Oh okay. All right. So he is aware There's Saturday football so we got that at least covered. Let's start with that. Game Chargers at Patriots. Patriots plus 10:00 AM for me, I'm in San Diego. It's delightful. Oh wow. 10:00 AM football. 10:00 AM football. It's a true house divided for Hank. Who are you rooting for? The city of San Diego. But they're The LA Chargers or the city of New England.


I, well I mean I I bet the pa I had to put all my bets in before I left Chicago. 'cause they don't have DraftKings in California. I bet the Patriots but I'm, you know, as usual kind of rooting for them to lose. Okay. Okay. So Patriots plus four. What did you get 'em at? O Runners? 42 and a half. Lemme check. You might have got 'em even better because I think it came down, I think you had some sharp money on it. Did you guys see Jim Harbaugh had like a, a a a quote this week that was, you know sir, we asked if this was your handwriting. Yep. He was asked about playing in the cold in Foxborough and he said these guys are young, they're healthy and they're heart pumps. Warm blood, it pumps it from the arteries to the veins to the tributaries to the capillaries throughout their whole body.


You just play ball now I might've gotten that in the wrong order there as well. Documented. I'm not a doctor. Yeah, I saw that. That was literally my only note on this game. Besides bust Hank's balls for going up against his home city. Yeah. The only other thing that I really thought about going into this is I'd like to see Stone Smart Score touchdown just because he's got a very underrated name. Oh well the Chargers do have the best name in football. And Jim Harbaugh, that was his other one. He said it was one of the great names in football. DiCaprio Booty. DiCaprio Oodle. Yeah. DiCaprio Bootle. Yeah. It's a great quote by Harbaugh. I'm not a doctor either, but I'm pretty sure that young guys and old guys when they heart speed doesn't matter if you're young.


It it sends the blood through your body. But he's not wrong. Young guys do it too. Yeah. And also he's not wrong old guys. Definitely the the, the cold weather bothers them more. That's why everyone moves south when they get older in retirement. Yeah. The only thing I had noted in this game was Chargers clinch with the play. They clinch the playoffs with a win. I do think that Drake may has been, this might be Drake May's like best game. I'm gonna say right now Hank. 'cause he is kind of flirting with it. He's had some really nice games. He's had some really nice moments that Bills game almost taking down the bills in Buffalo last week. It wouldn't shock me if Drake may just goes nuts in this game. 'cause the Chargers defense has been fading a little bit and you're like holy shit.


How did the Patriots just beat the Chargers? Is this gonna tell us actually whether or not Drake May's a good quarterback because the Chargers defense is very, very good against bad quarterbacks and they're not so great against good quarterbacks. So this might be a Drake may. Which side are you on Game? Yeah, this could be, this could be the litmus test for Drake. May, what will happen in this game? So Hank, you're rooting for Drake may to go off and the Patriots to lose but also cover. I actually Bet I I bet the money line. So I'm actually rooting with him to win this game, which I dunno why I did that. Wow. I got him. Plus 1 95 is plus 180 5 now. Okay. That's Huge. Hank, does this have anything to do with you rooting against the Chargers? No.


Oh, He, Hank would love nothing more than for the Chargers. Not even to make the playoffs. Yeah. Oh, he would love it because if they make the playoffs, my, my reasoning on the Chargers future wasn't completely unsound. It was always get to the playoffs, maybe win a game and then you can hedge out. So if they don't make the Playoffs, Hank can laugh in my face and be like, hungry dog, blah blah. No, I also think I've been pretty honest with the Chargers, like I said on when they won that Thursday night game. Like they show me something like I I did not think that they were a good team. I thought they were fraudulent that they was a dumb bet. They show me something with that Thursday night game. People can change. I I I People can't change. Did the, The moment of realization in on Hank's face when he realized that even his subconscious is a troll when he puts in these types of bets.


It's, it's pretty excellent. Well that was like, I literally was just firing through, you know, it's, it was, it was a week away. Like I, I don't know exactly why I picked the Patriot's money line, but I did and, and maybe, yeah, maybe it was my subconscious, The the, the Chargers are gonna maybe get JK Dobbins back n not probably this week, but his practice window open. That is enormous. But I mean, I'll be honest, I obviously would love if the Chargers could win a playoff game, but the six and seven seat in the A FC are just heading for like an absolute ass kicking to either Buffalo or Baltimore. Yeah. Yeah. It's, we probably already talked about this with the Chiefs or we haven't talked about the Chiefs yet. I get confused when we record these out of order.


But the fact of the matter is it's Really not hard. We, we were doing a show opening with the Chiefs in Christmas Day and the Bears game. Well we already talked about it then. So I don't you say again? We did. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But you also could save it. No, yeah, we, we've already talked about it. Right. That was a good point when you was really smart. Yeah, That was really smart what you said. I agree. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Broncos at Bengals, this game actually means something. Means A lot. Means a lot. The Bengals though are probably fucked because the Broncos have to lose out for the Bengals to have a chance. They also need the cols in the, in the Dolphins to drop a game.


Now the chiefs can rest everyone it looks like that's not gonna happen. But they're gonna try to win this game obviously. And Ri Moss should be back. Do you guys know I, this was actually courtesy of our friend and future recurring guest 'cause we have to have 'em on at some point. Ben baby, the Cincinnati Bengals have not beaten a QB one this year. I did not know that. Yes, the QBs they have beaten are Andy Dalton, Mac Jones de Oh, I guess was it Deshaun? Deshaun Watson I guess would be one of the QB ones. He was QB one, so one. Yeah, well so maybe it's not, maybe it's not just QB ones.


It's just really bad QBs because Andy, Dalton, m Jones, Deshaun Watson, Gardner, Minsu, Cooper Rush Will Levis and DTR. Yeah. So so Will Levi is QB one. Yeah. Was QB one. He Was QB one. Yeah. And Deshaun Watson was QB one and there was another one that you mentioned. Series Gardner I think was, it's just more so it's, I I misquoted Ben baby. It's just, it's Oh, sorry. Not beating a current QB one. Got it. So current QB one, which is fact, but also if you list all those QBs, they're terrible. Yeah. Pretty bad. I did not realize that Cooper Rush Is the best one. Cooper Rush is the best quarterback I listed. So you don't think about the Bengals that way because they do score such a fuck load of points that you, you think Oh, it's not just but their, their defense is just that bad where they Yes.


They have to have a bad quarterback that they're going against if they have a chance of out scoring that person. I, I looked up the stats for, for Borough and Chase and I did not realize that the Bengals, their quarterback leads the league in passing guards their wide receiver won re leads the league in reception yards. And they also have the number one sack getter in the NFL this year on defense. And they still stick Who? Yeah. And they still suck because their pass rush as a whole is bad. Which yeah. Makes you think that Bow Nicks might have a Oh Bow is good game because Bone basically has Bone's good games when he has a clean pocket and then whenever he has a little bit of pressure it's Oh, the Denver Broncos defense is good.


Yeah. We're gonna figure out whether or not Luann Ruo has got a little bit of Greg Williams in him this week because with, with Mahomes being out, like would you be surprised if they hit Bo Nicks a little extra hard. Hmm. They hit Maho. Yeah. They, they, I mean they have to figure out some way to get pressure on 'em. 'cause they can't get pressure. They're 2020 second in the league in pressure rate. So. Yeah. But I'm saying they Gotta figure out something if They, if they also need the Broncos to lose the chiefs next week. Yeah. What would Greg Williams do? That's what I'm saying, like we'll see how old school Anna Ruo is. You don't think Zach Wilson could beat the Chiefs? Mm. Well it's gonna be Carson Wince, right? Yeah. But Zach Wilson will be the Broncos backup.


Yeah. Anybody can beat Carson. Wi Yeah. Maybe Z Yeah. Zach Wilson carrying the Broncos to the playoffs. Here's another crazy stat for you, Patrick Zan this year has allowed a passer rating of 39.1 when targeted A QBs passer rating would be higher if they threw it in the ground on each pass. 39.6. So do you it it's, it's smarter just to throw it into the ground than Tess Patrick Ctan and Riley Moss should be back. Which makes a huge difference because the Broncos defense without Riley Moss, they basically are fucked 'cause they don't have another corner. Yeah. They're, they're forcing us to learn the names of all the anonymous crush like John Gruden calls him.


Yes. I think we're up to what three now? Yeah. Let's just Chill. A three. Yeah, three's good. 'cause It's like a compliment to their defense if you can't name any more than that and you just know that they're fucking awesome. Yeah. And you don't want to, I mean, anonymous Crush is a great nickname. If we learn too many you can't do that nickname anymore. Yeah. I had several anonymous crushes back in my day. The, I want the Bengals in the playoffs. I don't think the Bengals are gonna make the playoffs. It doesn't look good for 'em. I I was hoping for the Steelers to do their part just 'cause I, I feel like the Playoffs will be that much more chaotic with the, they might not win but you know, you can circle that one and be like, that's gonna be a fun ass game. Yeah. I wait, I gotta find it.


'cause our good friend Mike Florio, go get his book. It might not be free anymore, but you should still buy it. He had one of the dumbest hypotheticals ever. Oh yeah. Here it is. Ready. If you're the chiefs, would you rather have the number one seed, but the Bengals make the playoffs or the number two seed and the Bengals don't make the playoffs. That's a very interesting hypothetical. I think I'd rather have the buy and home field advantage and, and not worry about the Cincinnati Bengals who can't beat a good quarterback all year. Yeah. Would you rather play the Bills or the Ravens in round two or the Steelers or, let's see, I guess it would be the Steelers.


The Texans Round Two. Yeah. Well, I guess his, I guess his, his thought process was the Bengals would, would win their first round game, so then the chiefs would have to play the Bengals in the, in the second round. 'cause the Sede No, I, I, I don't think that the Steelers would win a, a first round game. They would make an entertaining game. It would be very, very fun to watch. But like we've learned, we've seen enough, there's enough body of evidence out there on the Bengals this year to know that they're, they're just not that good of a team overall. Their offense is electric, but their defense is so, so fucked that it, it's beyond hope. Yeah. Here are the quarterbacks again. Andy, Dalton, Mack, Jones, Deshaun, Watson, Gardner, Michu, Cooper, rush Will Levi. DTR. Literally the Cooper Rush is, is is the one I would take out of all those.


Yeah, I Think, I think Cooper Rush might be QB one. Yeah, he would be. Yeah, you're right. We, we started that debate last People are having the discussion. Is Cooper Rush really? The guy in, in Dallas, not Dad. You know me, Big Cat. I'm, I'm a results guy. Yeah. He's got, he's, He's got him playing hard. Alright, next game. This is the Saturday night game. Cardinals at Rams. Rams minus six and a half over under 48. The only note I have from this is the Cardinals are dead. The Rams are, are look like they're gonna be in the playoffs. They, they control their own destiny. I would like to just say to Jonathan Gannon shots explosives, pew, pew, pew.


Treat this game how it should be treated. Treat it like a bowl game. Not like Patton Rozzi all time coward. Move by him in the whatever bowl that was. Toledo verse pit. Treat it like a bowl game where you have nothing to lose and do just empty the clip. You know, get Trey McBride a touchdown. Do trick plays. Go for it on fourth down fake punts. Just empty the clip. Like, just let, let them just be loose and just go nuts. I just wanna see a coach do that once. Just, just fucking go crazy. Jeff Ulrich did it, but he did it in the most like, boring way ever where the, the jet scored nine points in, in an entire game and never punted.


I wanted to find Kyler Murray's the perfect guy to just empty the clip and do a bunch of fuck shit. Yeah, I'd like to see that. You remember what happened week two of these teams. It feels like it was forever ago. Week two, the Cardinals won 41 to 10 against the Rams, which seems Yeah, just absolutely insane right now. But the Rams did not have Puka in that game. And Puka, I feel like PCA's a wide receiver that like gives, I don't know what his, what his war is like, how, how many wins he adds just by starting. But I feel like it's a lot. Yes. 'cause I, I feel like everybody in the secondary is thinking like, where's Puka all the time. Yeah. And he's obviously a dynamic pass catcher and great running with Ball, so it's gonna be a different game. I I feel like it's gonna be a shit pumping, but I do agree with you that you don't have anything to lose.


Like the, the Cardinals fans are pissed off right now because of the collapse that we've seen the second half of the season. Like, at least give them, give them something exciting. Give them, give them a team that does not give a fuck that will let their balls hang a little bit. Right. And, and, and it's not like there are a lot of teams that have nothing to play for, but there's a lot of those teams don't even have the ability to do the fuck shit. I'm talking about like, the Saints don't have anything to play for. They're not gonna be able to do anything crazy with Spencer Rattler. The the Cardinals still have an offense that could go crazy and nuclear just do it. Just like whatever crazy play you've always dreamed up that you're like, nah, we can't try that.


It's too nuts. Do that play on Saturday night. Do it just go nuts. They're not gonna have James Connor though, I don't think, right? No, I don't think so. But still, still. I think they might even be down to their third string running back. Get Tre McBride five touchdowns. So his, his season looks like he had a, a really like good season touchdown wise. Yeah. They, they tried to last game. They drew something up for him in the first half. Didn't work out, but yeah, just it, okay. So either do all the fuck shit, all the pew p pew explosives. Don't let anybody name McVeigh hear that. Or you just make the entire game plan feed the ball. Re McBride. Yes. Yeah. That's one or the other.


'cause listen, it's a Saturday night game. We're all gonna be watching the Cardinals have nothing to play for. Let us, let us enjoy something crazy. Give it to us. I'm asking you Cardinals. Yeah. We de we deserve it. Saturday Night Football. Jonathan Gannon. I will, I will forever have loyalty towards you and never say a bad word against you ever again. If you go for it on at least three, four downs and there's at least three trick plays in this game. That's what I'm, I'm I you you get, you get full Pardon My Take Immunity for life. That's it. We'll, like, we'll never say a bad word against him. Maybe even Citizen of the year, citizen Of the Year.


It's, it's, it's up there. Okay. Sunday Jets at Bills, bills minus nine and a half over under 46 and a half. Now the bills don't have anything to play for, but they kind of do. They have to still get the two seat? They have have to win one more game outta last two. I don't know if you saw, but Josh Allen, he had a quote last week, I believe it was maybe after the Patriots game, where he essentially was like, we're in this like weird zone where we know we're not gonna get the one seed, but we, so we don't want to show too many things. So he basically was admitting that the game plan is probably gonna be a little vanilla and this game, I don't even know what's, I like the Jet jets have a million injuries.


Aaron Rogers' knees hurt. So I don't even know what we're gonna get out of the Jets. I, I I I don't really have any thoughts other than I'd probably take the under. That's it. Yeah. I don't wanna speak too much because Brick's definitely listening right now. Also, shout out Brick. I hope they gave you more responsibility last week. Let's get to work, buddy. I I think that the bills definitely do have, they're, they're going to try to play vanilla unless it's close and then they will they, because they have to get the two seed they have to get And ideally you would like to be able to use next week to rest up. Correct. So this is, this is a game where I wouldn't mind seeing them open up the playbook a little bit if it's even remotely closed, just so that they can make sure that they don't have anything to worry about.


Gonna next week. Also, shout out Jack, we always forget Jack, Jack Brick's trying to, you know, outshine you, you're actually the real gm. We, we stand with Jack. You just say the word And we will, we'll go against Brick and be Team Jack, but we're not trying to divide him. Wait, so his name is Jack Johnson, I'm pretty sure, right? I I think we looked it up. Brick and Jack. That's amazing. Yeah. Memes, thoughts on this game? This game I thought was gonna be good, but I checked the weather. It's gonna rain, so it's gonna be bad. Okay. Okay. That was Some great analysis. Who does the rain favor? Memes. The rain favors the bills. Jets can't play in the rain.


Mm. The Bills defense has been playing bad Jets. Offense is electric, so it would've been over City, but now it's gonna rain. So now it's under over City. Yeah. Nine Points last week. It was windy. It was windy. And also that first drive. Yeah, the first drive was sick. Yeah. Yeah. First Drive was so sick. But Joe Brady smart. So they're probably just gonna run for 300 yards. Yeah. I feel like that's exactly what's gonna happen. And it's not even gonna be James Cook. It's gonna be Ty Johnson or whoever and just like run it down their throat. We might even see some Mitch. Yeah. Memes. Do you think that when this game kicks off, are you gonna be rooting for the Jets? I'm rooting for no injuries.


Okay. Okay. What, what Do you care No more injuries for? You're Rooting for health. O ou got hurt last week. I just want no more injuries for people for next year. I can I say something real quick? I I agree with you. No more injuries for next year, but I'm of the mindset that next year is so far away that no injury matters. Like, I, like even, I mean Tank de like they, it came out in his, his rehab, he might miss all of next year, but in my head I'm like, no, no, no, he'll be fine because I just can't even comprehend next year yet. You know what I mean? A 12 year recovery. Yeah, yeah. Or 12 month recovery. That doesn't it. That's not a football number. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So you now we're kind of seeing like what happened with Adrian Peterson's knee.


Now that's happening with guys that tear their Achilles, where it's like, oh, they can be back in eight months. Whose dog is barking? That's Blake. Is that memes? Oh, That is Blake. No, my dog. I thought memes had dog. He's Blake's mad at me. I farted on Blake by accident on the couch earlier and he, he stood up and he barked at me and he left the couch and went and laid down. He won't even look at me now. He broke. I'm sorry he broke. I didn't mean to, I was on airplane, Bro. Code Pro code. Okay. Mem So meme's official statement on this game is he thought it would be electric and then it's gonna rain so it won't Yeah, no, it'll stink. Okay, great. I'm gonna go talk to Blake real quick. Okay. Okay. Memes. I started watching the Aaron Rogers documentary.


How Do you like it? I don't like it, but that's not like, I think it's well done. It's just, I don't, I mean, I, I just, when he it, I'm still in the Packer stuff, so it's like I still hate it. You know what I mean? Like it's just him telling his side. Yeah. No, I, I, I like that part mean. He's an interesting guy. Yeah, he's an interesting guy. I just, I don't care for Aaron Rogers highlights in a Packers uniform. It's not my cup of tea. Yeah, I see that. Yeah. See that? Yeah. Okay. Raiders at Saints. Saints Plus won over under 38. The only note I have in this game is I feel like there's a chance the Saints might win because, and this is no, there's no insider information.


I don't have any insider information on the Saints. I feel like Darren Rizzi probably cried in front of the boys after the shutout. I think he got embarrassed. Yeah. Yeah. And he didnt take, I, he cried. I would've liked to see him take it out a little bit on the floor after Monday night. Like give him, you know, one of the drive-by handshakes or like yell something at him. It seemed very Izzy like that he didn't say anything during that. Like, you're an interim coach, dude, what do you have to lose? Like, just, just fucking lay into him. You got embarrassed on Monday night. The fact that he didn't do that, he bottled that shit up. Yeah. So he either took it out on the team or on his family. And I, he might be looking for a little retribution, but I just think that, I don't know. There, there's something about the Raiders where they are like anti tanking.


They, yeah, I feel like they are trying to win as hard as they can every single game. They're preparing like it's their Super Bowl every week. Even though ultimately they would, they would much rather lose. Yeah. No, they, they said they, like Antonio Pierce was like, I mean, he's coaching for his job so, well his job is to coach, but he, good point. He, he was like, yeah, I don't care about the, the number one pick. They did so much damage to their future by winning last week. And if they win this game, it's gonna be even more damage. But yeah, I I, there's something in my head that I'm just like, I can, I can close my eyes and see it. Like Darren Rizzi got in front of the team probably Wednesday morning and he cried and he just cried.


And the guys are like, man, I can't believe we made Coach Cry. And they were manly tears just so we're clear. They weren't like whimpering tears. They were manly tears. Like, I love football so much and what happened on Monday night, like, you know, hurt me to my core. So I, I just, I think they're, I guess it wouldn't have been Wednesday, it would've been Thursday because Wednesday was Christmas. They, they, I think the Saints might come out hot because of the cry. Yeah. Also, the Seven Fishes probably did something to 'em. He helped this week. That's true. Yeah. I maybe Antonio Pierce has just fucking Tom Brady over one last time. Maybe that's why he's winning these games. That's true. Okay. Colts of Giants, giants plus seven and a half over under his 40 Colts are still alive.


They need the Broncos to lose out as well. Everyone's hoping the Broncos lose out. We are on Tebow. Tebow watch for Anthony Richardson, which we mentioned on Sunday. He's at 47.7% completion percentage. Tebow finished an entire season at 46.5. This is a game that's just gonna stink. This is gonna be one of those, I I don't even know the weather. Maybe it won't, maybe it will be rainy, but it just feels like a, you always mention at PFD Sun shining so bright at MetLife Stadium and this game's gonna suck. Yeah. The sun shining bright as fuck and the temperature being like 25 degrees, one of those late December games. That's just very, very depressing to watch.


I'm pulling up the weather right now. Sun. Oh no, it's gonna be rainy. It's gonna be rainy and like in the fifties and forties there. Okay. So that's, that is gonna suck. That's, this is gonna be a bad game. This is gonna be gonna suck. This is gonna be a really bad game. They should not televise this game. Yeah, Just Give, I mean just give us the updates and if Anthony Richardson throws or runs like a 50 yard run or a 50 yard bomb, then like give us a live look at that Scott Hanson. But yeah, this is, it's gonna be stinky. They do have a lot to play for. But did I hear that Anthony Richardson might not play? Joe Flaco was getting some reps, so, okay. Well that's what I'm rooting for.


Yeah, I mean, Joe Flacco coming in would be awesome. Maybe they know that Anthony Richardson's on Tebow watch, so they're like, let's not give, let's not leave this up to chance. Let's just get old Joe Flacco in there. Yeah. Would be nice. Yeah. That's Why they drafted him, but because he complained the rain. Yeah. And you got, you, you basically were like, all right, Anthony Richardson. Like we, you got, you cleared it, you went seven for 11 last week. We don't have to do the Tebow thing. Let's just get Joe Flacco in and we'll finish off the season. Yeah. There. This is like, I know that week 17 and 18 are always kind of tough, but there are just so many bad teams this year that it's just, and I know the cults are technically still alive, so I'm not even putting them in the bad team, even though they kind of are a bad team.


But like the Raiders and Saints, the Giants and Colts like the, the Titans and Jaguars, some of these games, man. Woo. And we're gonna watch 'em all and they're gonna out, they're gonna out rate LeBron in his little league, his little basketball league. No, their ratings are up 84% in the NBA Big Cat. You see that up 84, 80 4% year over year. And they got smoked by like five times by the NFL. Yeah. It's our day. Okay. Cowboys at Eagles. Eagles minus seven over under 38 and a half. Max will be there. Max. I saw the saddest tweet of all time earlier today, I believe. Although I think it's been updated. This is what it was said with Jalen Hertz and Kenny Pickett banged up.


Former Eagles QB Ian book paid the team a visit today. That is gun in the mouth stuff. Yeah. Gotta get healthy. I, there's nothing else really to say. Quarterback room is not looking great. Tana McKee. Tana McKee is underrated ball player though. I, I wouldn't hate to see Tanner McKee get a shot out there. Yeah. I I think I'm afraid of Tanner McKee just based on the fact that all loves the guy. I'm, I'm always terrified of like a third string quarterback that the hometown absolutely loves. And Tanner McKee seems like that guy Also. Pug loves Tanner McKee. And he is been, he's been hiding himself from this zoom this entire time. And I said Tanner McKee, he went off of, off of hiding himself, gave me a, a fierce nod and then went right back to hiding himself.


Alright. Hey Paul, can you give us a report on Tanner McKee? He's been the Eagle's third string. He lights it up every preseason and he is just the best kept secret in the NFL. Gotta He's he better than up. Hey, gotta him up. He played at Stanford and he look like if you pull him up, it, it, he just looks like a guy who should be doing your taxes. It is not a Rickey. He looks like the nicest, like he is the number one like guy who you want to date your daughter because he's, he's just gonna like, you get him like a, a Peter Malar shirt. He's got a Christmas a hundred CUSIPs. He's a ball. Always Tan McKee will always put a coaster down before putting a drink on, on a wooden table.


Always. Tanner McKee Is a, I'm a fan of Tanner McKee Tanner. Why, why, why? Just from preseason? Yeah. No, he looks, he throws a nice spiral. Okay. Throw Tanner Throws a nice spiral. He beat cancer Stud. That's huge. Yeah. Stud Max, where do you stand on on the latest Nick Sirianni on the field incident where he had to be separated from Zach Ertz by big Dom. Good question. Passionate guy. Passionate guy. Fiery guy fights for his team. You like it, you like that stuff? Yeah, I mean, I feel Bad for Big Dom at this point because it's like Nick has like Kevin, His money Drawn off at people and then he has to have the rock come in and, and pick him up and escort him away.


The, since, since I mentioned a bad Florio tweet, I'll give him credit for a good one. He said Nick Sirianni gives him the vibes of a, of a Eagles fan that won a contest to coach the team. And that is exactly right. Like him getting in a fight with Zach Ertz and Big Dom having to break it up. Break up. What are we talking about? At some point big Dom has to be like, Jesus Christ, I gotta, I gotta go manage this guy's emotions again. Big Dom has the hardest job in the world. He literally just is living the meme where it's like big guy goes out to bar and the little friend always gets into shit that the big guy has to get him out. Yeah. Yeah. Max. Max. I don't know What you want me to say, but I will say, if we're talking about We're defending big, do Don's the problem?


Shouldn't You be giving like, isn't Zach Ertz a Eagle's legend? Like, is there no respect for Zach? Hey, why Do you worry about your basketball team over there? All right buddy, I'm just asking questions. Oh, seems like you're trying. No, I think what Hank's trying to say is that we love Big Dom so much that at, at one point does it become a distraction for big Dom where now his full-time job is just have a leash on Nick Sirianni. Yeah. He also had to walk CJ Gardner Johnson to the, to the locker room the other day. So that was, that was I important. That was, he looked awesome. He looked awesome. He did, he looked awesome. Yep. I just don't want You just say that like, like the Eagles should be very thankful for big Dom, like big Dom say what you want about he earns his paycheck.


Yeah. We can imagine what the Eagles would be like without him. Also, he's kind of big Dom's relationship with Nick Siri. He's kind of proving that the old saying there are no bad dogs, only bad dog owners is wrong. 'cause like Nicki's a bad dog. Big Dom's not doing anything bad as as his dog owner. And we say we love Big Dom. I don, he's getting in a fight with Zach Ertz. What are we talking about? Good to know how you treat your, your champions, your former champions come into Philly and get, trying to beat up by their coach. He try to beat him up Max.


Yeah, he tried to Kick Zach. He trying beat him up sometimes, you know, Italians just their words get, get misconstrued by the other guy when he is just trying to have a conversation. Well That, that's not what I heard. I didn't hear that it was misconstrued. Also put some respect on Julie ER's husband's name. That's a goddamn national hero. What I heard was that Nick Ciani initiated his Zoom call with Zach Ertz where he apologized to him via Zoom. Oh. If you have to zoom, call someone to apologize. You did something fucked up. Yeah, That damn, Not even FaceTime. He, he sent him an email invite for the apology. Sometimes family members fight.


It's Christmas. It is Chris, Not apologize. Alright. I I feel like the Cowboys are live in this game even though CD Lamb is out for the rest of the year. So that's, that's their one awesome player on offense. But Cooper Rush might be their second awesome player on offense. Cooper Rush might be awesome. Dole is close to a thousand yards, I think, which is pretty cool for him, I guess. Yeah. And then there are other wide receivers. Who's the guy that they, that they got, that they traded for with the Panthers when they were going all in this trade deadline? Is it Mingo? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So so now they got Mingo and Flournoy.


Dave Flournoy is a playing receiver for them. That's gonna be sick. Are you? No, max, you have nothing to play for, right? Like there's nothing, just, just get healthy. I mean, I guess Saquon Saquon Yards is what you're playing for, but like, you're going to this game. Are you, you always wanna beat the, the Cowboys, but are you like, there's nothing to play for. Right? Technically we're still playing for the NFC East, but we would just have to win one out of, out of the next two games. Wait, what? You could, you could not win the NFC East And they're gonna win the NFC East, But they could not If they lose the Cowboys and the Giants. The Giants The giant.


If the, if the Giants won next week, it, it would, it would ruin their franchise. Did you? Yeah. Shef de actually had that as a, as a little win horse moment on NFL countdown. He's like, watch out for the Eagles Week 18. They're gonna try to throw that game so the Giants don't get the one pick and the Giants stay in the cellar. Hmm. See, I, I don't know that Sirianni Siri's capable of pulling off that type of mastermind. I think Siri's more likely to just give Saquon the ball 40 times. Yeah. And have him try to get the record against the Giants. Yeah. Did you also see Chefy got community noted yesterday?


Oh no. For what He reported jail. Jalen Hertz did not practice today when none of the Eagles practiced yesterday on Christmas. Oh, but wait, so was he he was right though. Correct. But he still got community noted. Jalen hurts missed. He, he did not practice on Wednesday. I didn't practice either. Could have added me in there. Yep. Neither did I. Wow. So you think you just owned Hefty and really like Community Notes just proved it was wrong. I don't know what you own. I didn't own anything. I just told you what happened and what I said. I sounds like you were the one who did the community notes. Yeah. You, you filled out the community notes. What I heard is that is that Jalen Hertz was absent from the team facility on the day when Ian book paid them a visit, which is actually good Move by Jalen Hertz.


I saw, I saw a report that Ian book was seen in the parking lot. Dapping up AJ Brown. Yeah, they're great friends. Good. I love everyone in the locker room to be friends. They're great friends. I would like everyone in my locker room to be dapping each other up. No, max as an Eagles fan, you gotta you still gotta hope that you destroy the Cowboys. Yeah. You gotta beat him. Yeah, of course. Always embarrassing. Yeah. Especially With you in, in, in person. Okay, next up Panthers at Bucks. Bucks minus eight over under 48 and a half. Did you guys see that Xavier Legette brought leftover raccoon to the locker room from Christmas Day? That rocked Nice guy. What a good dude.


I love Xavier Legett. I I wish he had caught that pass against Max, but besides that awesome dude. Yeah. I also, I think the Panthers are live in this game. I think they're just full on like the Panthers and the Cowboys are the two teams that stink but are playing actually good ball in the last month and feels like they're just ready to play. Spoiler. Yeah. If, if there's a team that starts out the season and they sucked their playoff chances are over in like October, but then they get hot at the end of the year, that's actually a team that will, they'll have a ton to play for, even though they don't have any playoff hopes or aspirations, like they've turned something around. So they're trying, there's gonna be a lot of guys that will probably be back next year for the Panthers.


And so they are actually like, they're looking at this as the preseason for next year. So I like the Pan, I like the Panthers and the points. I don't know if I like 'em money line against the Bucks, but I feel like that's a lot of points for this team. A Lot of points. Lot Of points. They, they're factoring in weeks like one through eight in this spread I think a little bit. Yeah. And Bucks figure it out. We want, I wanna see the bucks in the playoffs. Like I, I, no offense to the Falcons, I would like to see the bucks in the Playoffs. That's a personal choice of mine. I wanna see Baker in the playoffs. I See Bucky in the playoffs. Yeah. Okay. Titans of Jaguars. Jaguars minus one over under 39 and a half. Do you guys have any New Year's resolutions? I do. I've got a, I've got a couple New Year's Resolutions.


Okay. Lay 'em on me. I'm going to drink more water again this year. Nice. I'm going to get a six pack by the summer. Six pack summer. And I'm gonna spin, I'm going to get a couple new planes and, and hit the flight simulator backup now that I've got the virtual reality 360. Hell yes. Hell yes. That's pretty much it. Yeah, I Have two I, oh, let me hear 'em. Get a physical. Okay, go To the dentist. Okay. That's good. That's huge. You do that in the same week. Yeah. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Four months. Wait. Having, having a a New Year's resolution be go to the dentist.


That's something that you should do every year. That wasn't the question. It's literally every 12 months, Right? It's every, every six months. No, my you're supposed to, my actual resolution is to get my drive about like 15 yards longer so that Hank will owe me more money. I love that. I love that. Yeah. Tune into the, the last episode of the Dock. It's out. Go watch it. Alright. My, my New Year's resolution is, there's a, there's a dive bar like maybe, I don't know, like three blocks from my house that I, I wanna try to become a regular at now. I don't really have time to go to the bar, but I'm thinking if I can get there like six or seven times next year and just kind of really show face.


It's my goal. That's my goal. I'll let you guys know how it goes. Maybe I'll bring you guys once maybe like, Maybe become like a morning drinker. Ooh. Just, just a couple pops before work. Yeah. It's not too far from my son's school. Yeah. There to go. Just tell him Daniel didn't didn stand out. Like all the bartenders will know your name. Like, oh, that's, there comes Dan. Yeah, He, he just dropped his son off at 7 45 in the morning. Danny needs to stop by the office real quick and do some paperwork before, before he drops you off that It's a great move. Yeah. Being a regular is is so fun. I walk by it all the time. I'm like, damn, I really want to go there. So that's my goal. And now I crushed my goal last year.


I looked at my Uber Eats app and I ordered blizzards 27 times last year. So pretty good. Pretty good. That's a lot. I said I was gonna eat more blizzards. I ate a whole shit load more blizzards. I think I had two the year before, so I like that. Yeah. Solid. Anyone else? Anyone else got New Year's resolutions for the Titans Jaguar's preview? Yep. I got two. I would like to lose a lot of weight. Also learn how to make bread. So those two things aren't gonna go super, super hand in hand, but I'm pretty confident that I'm gonna be able to do it at least one of those.


And I think it's Gonna be the bread. You've been talking bread for a while. Well, no. Well me, I brought it up to Chef Donnie a couple months ago and now he, he got super excited and he, he's like trying to get it sold and we're trying to do a series out of it, but me and Donnie will be the bread boys in 2025 and I'm gonna learn how to make bread, but I'm also going to lose weight. So learn weight. Yeah. Lose weight. Lose weight. Okay. I'm gonna learn weight and, and lose bread. Okay. You didn't, you didn't say that you were gonna eat more bread. You were, you were gonna make it for other people. True. But you know, part of the trial and error is like, you gotta taste it at least some of the bread. Yeah, but I mean this is like just the next step for Max's Deli at work.


You got to, It's all, it's all part of Make your own bread Max. What about, that's kind of What about when people say don't trust a, a skinny chef. How can I get bread from a skinny max? No, see, here's the thing. I think that I could still lose 30 pounds but also be fat. So that's, that's where I would like to get to. I want to get to a point where I lose weight, but I am still fat. Yeah. I I I think I've lost like 15 pounds and I'm, if you've, if I typed it into the obesity thing, I'm still obese. Yeah. Yep. Oh yeah. BMI Crock, By the way, I forgot. I'm also gonna read a book. I haven't read a book in a decade.


I'm gonna read a book. Oh, does listen count what? No read with my two eyes. It might take me the entire year. I'm going to fucking do it. I feel it. This is the year I'm gonna read a book. It can't Be a movie though. You should read The Art of War. Can I read? All right. If it can't be a movie, can I read a Michael Lewis book knowing that it eventually it will be a movie? Yes. Yeah. Okay. All right. Cool. You just want to tell people you read the book that the book was bad. Yeah, That's, that's why I've read like every Michael Lewis book because they always become movies and I could be like, oh yeah, I moneyball, read that big short know it. Alright, memes. Any, any New Year's resolution?


I'm gonna go to a doctor. I don't, I don't know which one, but I'm gonna go to a doctor and I'm gonna get at least two more TVs. Okay. Oh, I like that. Fuck yes. Fuck yes. The boys are up. The boys are up. Alright, Shane, anything? I think I wanna Try an apple. Oh, try an try an apple. Try some fruit. I think I want to go to Italy this year. So hit up Duolingo. Get a nice Duolingo Street going Practice Italian. Oh, oh yeah. You're gonna bring back, you're gonna bring back a bride, aren't you? Shane's Gonna have a Kid. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. You're hope man.


You're gonna fucking have a kid. Yes. I love it. I love it. Shane's gonna be walking in and being like, Hey, I, I need, can you, can you talk to hr? I have an Italian wife and child now I have to put on, on health insurance. Like what dude, you went there for three days. We, we gotta get you one of those. You know how the NFL coaches wear the, the shirts and the hats with the flags on 'em? We gotta get you a Charger's, Italy sweatshirt. Yes, yes, yes. And a little one, a toddler. One for your kid. Yeah. Alright, pug, last one. So you play more NFL Blitz for sure. Fuck, Fuck yes.


Once a day because I play like sometimes every other day. But I gotta stay committed if I want to be good and cook for myself more. Oh, okay. Look, this is, we might have the best year of this podcast with all these New Year's resolutions. Yeah, we're gonna be sitting pretty, We're gonna fucking be be, I mean we're gonna get max skinny bread making Shane and his Italian kid memes. All he has to do is go to, to target once, just get your Blood pressure tracked in a target that's kind of a doctor. Go to Walmart, get your blood pressure tested and get your two TVs.


Boom. Doctor, boom, you're done, you're done On January 1st. There Really should be like a a doctor's office for guys. Yeah. Where in the same doctor's office they have the doctor, they've got your dentist, they've got like a secondary doctor that does like blood work and all that. And maybe like a place for lunch. One, one of my ideas that I pitched to Cuban is we gotta figure out a way to get a dentist on a plane. So it's like, you know, you ha you, you know, you're stuck on a plane, you know, travel sucks. Just have a dentist do your teeth. Then it's a little bit turbulence. I haven't been able to figure that part out. But everything else makes sense. Like, why aren't we doing more of the the shitty things we have to do in life on planes.


Like ta imagine getting on a flight and being like, yeah, this is actually the accountant's flight. They're just gonna do everyone's taxes coast to coast. Yeah. It's not a bad idea. They've already got the, the oxygen mass things that come down. Just put nitrous in there, knock it out on the plane. Right, Right. Any, any shitty thing you have to do. Like imagine if you have to get like, oh yeah, you gotta get divorced. Oh okay. Get on this flight to Hawaii. By the time you land we will have you divorced and then you're in Hawaii. Single. There should be an airline that has like professors that are the, the stewards and the stewardesses and they just teach you like a college class. If you fly in there like six times Yeah. And you get Yeah, you can get a diploma.


Pass the bar. Yeah. Pass the bar. Pass the bar. Or teach you Italian on, on if you take four plane flights, teach You how to fucking Italian. Yeah. Just, just like figure out a way. Traveling sucks. Planes suck. Figure out a way to double it up. Alright, that was our Titans Jaguars preview Dolphins at Browns. Browns plus six and a half over hundred 39 and a half. I don't fuck. I mean this is DTR I'm gonna bet against DTR if he plays, if he starts, I know he is got like maybe a calf injury, but I'm, I'm, I'm a I I have faded DTRI think in every single one of his starts in the NFL and I'm gonna continue to do so.


Yeah, I read, I read one update from him where I think his direct quote was like, I've got a sore little calf that didn't really give me a lot of inspiration. So we're probably not gonna get Jamis even if we don't get DTR. Right. 'cause his shoulder's still banged up. But Yeah, I saw, I saw Jamis eating chicken wings online this week and the man just, he, he just needs to be in front of a camera at all times. That's, that's my only note here. This is gonna be a poopy game. Dolphins, I guess still entertaining at times, but Yeah. Ish. It's gonna be bad Ish. Ish. I don't even know. Like they don't even do the like crazy explosives anymore. So Yeah, it's gonna be a bad game.


All right. Here's a good game. Packers of Vikings, Vikings plus one over under 48 and a half. This game's gonna rock. They flex this game to the afternoon, the Green Bay Packers. This is a hurtful stat for myself and anyone who hates the Packers. They have now made the playoffs 13 of the last 16 years, which is the most in the NFL in that timeframe. They also obviously were the first team to pitch a shutout against the Saints on Monday Night Football. Yeah. I mean the Vikings are going for the one seed, the, have you seen PFD the discourse? This is like NFC North fans are now doing the like, Hey we gotta change the rules because it's not fair that The packers are Gonna have to go on the road.


It's like, come on guys. Like the whole point is divisions should matter. That that's the fun of it. Like if we get rid of divisions and it's just the four best records, divisions won't fucking matter anymore. Yeah. And we do have divisions for a reason because it's good for the game to have rivals that you play every single year, year in and year out. Right. It's not like they, they're playing an unbalanced schedule or anything. Right. And yeah, it, it will suck for the Vikings if they end up being like a great, great, you know, wild card team and get that first wild card spot that's gonna suck to have to go on the road. But I mean that's such is life deal with it. Yeah. So it's gonna Yeah, for both of them it would suck. I mean, for the Packers and the Vikings, they're gonna have no matter what, they're gonna both have more wins than the team they play in the first round.


'cause they will be slotted into the fa you know, obviously the Lions can also get one of those spots, but two out of the three NFC north teams will be the fifth or the sixth seed and they're gonna have to play against a team that did not win as many games as them. But that's, that's just what, how it works. And I kind of like how it works. 'cause divisions matter. Yeah. Two good quarterbacks, very good quarterbacks in this game. I saw a stat that they're both, I think they're two of the top three quarterbacks against Man to Man so far this year. And they are two of the five worst I I believe Against Zone this year. Hmm. So the Vikings, I know they do a lot of zone blitzing and shit like that. I don't know if they'll be able to get into Jordan, but I feel like Jordan Love does better when he is off his back foot anyway.


So I'm truly, I'm just like excited to watch this game. It's gonna be, yeah. This is gonna be a playoff game. Yeah. This is gonna be a great, great game. And like I said, the Vikings, they, they're still going for that one seed. They play the Lions Week 18 and the Packers, I guess you're rooting for the Vikings PFD because you can still jump the Packers, right? Yeah. It, it's still possible that we could jump the Packers, but then you start getting into, there's a lot of other stuff that has to shake out too. Okay. So we could jump the Packers and get that, get that six seed I believe. But then you'd be looking at maybe playing at the Rams in the first round, which is not really, there's no good place to play in the first round.


No. I guess if I, if I had to draw it up, I would want to go to Philadelphia and beat the fuck outta Max. So that's what I'm hoping for. And Max said he'd do it with Kenny? Yeah. He said he'd the Fucking penny beat you with Kenny. He said he actually doesn't want Jalen Hert to start. He wants to beat you with Kenny. Listen, I I would love fucking started that game. Tanner McKee you what you know about Tanner McKee bitch? All right, last game. Falcons of Commanders. PFT commanders minus four over under 47 and a half. Oh man. The Bear's fourth and one and they just, they're so fucking bad.


I'm sorry. America. PFT Thoughts on this game. Wait, you didn't get it. You're ahead of me. No, they got a false start. Oh my God. I am, I am bummed out. I'm bummed out that we're not gonna get Kirk Cousins. Yeah, Because I, I had mentally prepared myself to, to face Kirk Cousins at home. I don't know what we're gonna get with Pennex. I don't think anybody really knows. We had like a little bit of a clue last week, but not really. So it's kinda like the unknown that we're going into. I I think I like the commanders. They've been, their offense played pretty well last week against a really, really good eagles defense. Kind of embarrassment in the fourth quarter. But I am always afraid to see the commanders in primetime. Al and I always will be.


There's those scars run very, very deep where it's just like, I'm, I'm always thinking in the back of my head, this is about to be the most embarrassing thing ever. But I don't know, I, I don't know that I truly believe in Michael Penn. How can you after one week so there's a chance that he goes out there and just lights us up. 'cause our defense not that great. We've been playing a little bit better with Lamore. I actually went back and watched the tape grinded. Yes. Some all 22 on Latimore. He didn't play that bad. He had some good plays. He played much, much better than you Ground. You, you did the all 22 on Latimore. I did the all 22 on Latimore. He, he play that bad getting, he was getting worked. He made, he had a couple Ps again, If you're all 22 is I feel like broken.


He was getting destroyed. If you watch ball, if you, you're exposing yourselves as non ball knowers right now because pass interference penalties not always a bad thing for cornerbacks. It means that they were in position to make a play. Oh my god. Bears picked it up. Bear's might win this game. Need it? Sorry, we already talked about this. Go PFD continue on. You're also ahead of me some please. Marshawn La Latimore. Alright. I'll also also known as listening to you 'cause you sound like An idiot, but continue. Oh. Oh, here we go. Max. You don't know Ball Max. You don't talk to somebody that watches Ball for a living. They'll tell you that that passenger interference penalty iss not always that bad. Keep Coping.


Yeah, but that one drive when he basically gave up 107 yards of passenger interference, that was bad. I about that. Agree with your pc by the way. I talked About that on, on Monday and I said how bad that was. And then, and then Max said, well f first of all you go to say that Jen Daniels threw two interceptions in addition to his five touchdowns. First you have to say that. Well, I, I agree with you. PFT it's kind of like the, you know, you like quarterbacks, not all interceptions are bad. Like pass interference sometimes is not a bad play. Yeah. I mean it gets penalized bad and don't get me wrong, like it's not good that he got called for pass interference, but it also means you can't get called for passeng interference if you're five yards away from a guy like Emanuel Forbes used to be. And there's times when you actually getting called for passenger interference is good because you would've given up a touchdown easily.


Right. That is not good. If you were going to give up a touchdown, that is bad. That is bad. But that's good to then get a passenger interference instead of a touchdown. Right now we have a Bears fan arguing that interceptions are good for quarterback and a and a Washington fan arguing that past interferences are good for corners. That's just what's going on right Now. Caleb Williams doesn't throw interceptions, so I actually wouldn't mind if he threw a couple more. So I stand by what I said. Yeah. I seriously do I stand by it And I stand by what I said too Max. I think it okay. It sounds stupid and it probably is stupid to a, but if you talk to Ball Knowers real ones out there, they'll be like, yeah, that's a bad stat to, to ding a cornerback for also now it's probably a good time to mention that Marshawn Latimore might not even play this week.


Oh no. What happened? Yeah, he's got, he's dealing with, everyone's dealing with something this time of year his hamstring flare it up. He was great against his paint. Okay. Alright. So you're worried about this game? Yeah, I'm worried because I think there might be like a post cousin's bump. I feel like it's the fear of the unknown. It's the fear of the unknown. And I feel like the, the Falcon skill players, when they're not like deflecting passes that get intercepted and return for six points, they're probably pretty excited to have somebody that can throw the ball and and hit somebody outside the numbers. It's also, you guys went through like that, that game was, I mean it was an incredible game against the, the Eagles incredible win gutsy team.


Yes. But Jayden did throw two receptions. Big Cat. That's True. But he but like off of that divisional game that you didn't expect to win, there might be a little bit of a letdown. I don't know. I'm just talking. I, I, I like the commanders of this game. I'm just, I'm just for, for fodder. That would be why I would like, if you want to get scared, you, there's things you could get scared about. I don't think Dan Quinn's gonna let him get scared like that. I don't think he's gonna have him. He's gonna have him ready to play. But I, I'm not like Supreme. We we're not a great team right now. We're, we're capable of doing great things and when everything works for us, we are a great team. But it's, it's nothing that you can count on. I can't bank on beating the Falcons. Especially in prime time. Yeah.


Okay. Picks, what are those standings memes? I think we crushed the week 17 preview when you gotta talk about every game. It's, it's, it's tough this time of year, but we did it Hank 17 and a half points. Me and Big Cat 16 PFT and max 14. Hank just needs one win and he clinches. He doesn't have to do the punishment. Maximum amount of points for PFT and Max is 18. Are we not doing Playoffs? Are we doing Playoffs? We didn't last year. Yeah, That's true. We didn't last year. Well nobody, nobody was tied. I think it's a regular, it is normally a regular season thing.


Right. It's all, It's all regular season. I just wanted to say that 'cause it would piss Hank off because he'd be like, yo, I fucking had to do an hour standup. This is bullshit. You guys are trying to find a way for me to lose. Well this one doesn't even matter. It's like I, I I've, you know, I picked the bad ones to win. You're, you're, you're run away from winning. So, so basically it's a two-way race and maybe a four-way race. It look, it looks like It's gonna be me and Max. Yeah, but Max. Okay, who's up first? PF t's up first. Okay. PFTI Love that. I'm gonna go with the Eagles minus seven. I think they're gonna spank the Cowboys.


Ooh. Spanking Max House. Spanking Spank Wonk. Alright, I'll take the Panthers plus eight. I will take the new Jets plus nine and a half. Mm. Packers Vikings over 48. I like that. I'm going to take the Giants Colts under 40 and a half. Ugh, That okay that you do that every time. Max. Max real Tactic. Every time Max. Max was in the cave last Sunday being like, you guys fucking made sounds after my pick and I won.


And we're like, dude, we make those sounds after every pick you've ever made. It's like, fuck, I didn't realize that. We told you last week. It's a bad pick. Even if it wins, it's, you should know that it's a bad pick. You could be like, yeah, you could be like the bill. You be like Josh Allen to get one yard passing and we'd be like, Ugh. Gross dude. Also Max, we all suck. All right. What's your second pick? Yeah, But I suck the most. My second pick will be the Rams minus six and a half against the card. Ugh. Shit. Ugh. After we just told Jonathan Gannon do some fuck shit. Shit dude, the Cardinals beat him 41 to 10. Yeah. He wants immunity for life.


Okay, who's up next? Memes. I'm gonna take the Lions minus three and a half. Mm. I like that pick. I think Dan Campbell like basically was like Yeah, we're not sitting anyone. We're we're out for revenge. Yeah. It's gonna be like the, that Cowboys game earlier. Earlier in the year. I'm out. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna take one of the most Slept on backup QBs to just go the fuck off. Gimme the Eagles. Cowboys over 38 and a half. Tanner McKee. Hmm? Tanner McKee. Tanner McKee going nuts. Okay. I am going to take, I have to do an over under and they all suck.


Did anyone take the under in the Jet's bills? I'll take the under in Jet's. Bills 46 and a half thinking maybe we get Mitch in the second half. Run out the clock. That'd be bad. Mitch to Mac? Yeah. Okay. PFT. Okay. I'm going to take the over in Colts Giants. Oh. Head to head. Head to head. I like that. Head to head. Flacco. I like that. Pick A lot. This Is Flacco. He loves the rain. He's a mutter. Yeah. Okay.


We need a TD Parlay brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. We need to win this TD Parlay. I'm out. I missed, I missed mine last week. You did? Yeah. Like Evans. Okay. DraftKings. Every day is game day at Trafficking Sportsbook. Now through the end of the year it's extra special. All customers get a special daily promo every single day. From Profit boost, odds boost, no sweat bets and more. There's something for everyone. Download the drafting Sportsbook app now and use code take that's code. Take and take advantage of special daily promotions only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER (800) 327-5050 or visit gambling helpline ma.org in Massachusetts in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9. Please gamble responsibly in Connecticut. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org or visit md gambling help.org In Maryland 21 and over in president in most states, 18 and over in Washington, dc, Kentucky, New Hampshire or Wyoming offer void in Ontario Void. Were prohibited. Eligibility restrictions apply terms at sportsbook at DraftKings dot com slash promos on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. One plus promotion per day promotion, sport eligibility and requirements vary. Ends 12 31 24 sponsored by DraftKings.


Okay, so it's up to me. Max and PFT. We're gonna do afternoons or nights. I will, let's just start with an easy one. Josh Jacobs. Okay, I've got Dami Brown. Okay. Three 70. Whoa. But I like him. He's decisive. They look form in the red zone a lot. That was decisive. We've, we were two for two on decisive picks. Bijon will be the third pick. Decisive. Wow. Okay. Decisive. Alright. Good picks boys. Let's do fantasy. Fuck boys. Before we get to our interview with Paul Bissonnette and then we'll wrap up with Fire Fest after that.


Fantasy Fuck Boys brought to you by Body Armor. Real hydration, real ingredients packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing Artificial Body armor sports drink has great tasting flavors like strawberry, banana and blue raspberry. Not only do we hydrate with body armor, but some of the best athletes in the world do as well. Like Christian McCaffrey, Joe Burrow and Sabrina icu. Get yours today at Walmart or local grocery store near you.


Oi, What's up boys? What's up? What's up Johnny Malti John. My stardom this week is inside Voices. My niece is sleeping next door. I don't want to be screaming. I'm gonna use my inside voice. Don't tell anybody, keep your mouth shut. Don't sing. Don't say a word. My Sitm is red. One worst fucking Christmas movie I've ever seen. I don't know how they made so much money. Also Caleb Williams sit means just threw a fucking interception. This team is fucking horrible, dude. I said I like my guys throw more interceptions. Yeah, you, I knew that was gonna happen when you said that. Same with me. I knew it too. They're A joke. They're really Bad.


My sleeper is mouth tape. If you want to fall asleep, throw some fucking tape on your mouth. It helps you get a better night's sleep. It does a lot of wonders. We taped up my friend Billy Bat's mouth one time worked real good. Yeah. Hey, what's up dick heads? It's Leonardo D booty. DiCaprio D booty. Full names. Remember 'em all my start. I'm starting. I'm starting Seven Fishes this week. What's your guys' favorite kind of fish Mine's. Shrimp. Mine's one. Anyone's swimming with them. Calamari. Yeah. You love the calamari. You love it for appetizing and everything. My sit is the Boston Celtics. Boston Celtics fucking suck bro.


They fucking suck. What's going on in Boston right now? This team can't win a fucking game. Bad, bad basketball coach. Trying to fight guys to court. What the fuck is going on with these clowns? Fuck you. Whoa. My sleeper is cheap flights to Hawaii from Chicago. 'cause you can get 'em for $0 if you just climb up into the landing gear and then you just kind of hold on and that you hope that you get their safe and sound but usually die. So love that. RIP to that guy. Love that. RIP to that guy. Real great guy. Yeah, the guy. My guy left Chicago and he was like, I wanna go to Maui. What's the best way to get to Maui? Oh, I'll just climb up into the landing gear compartment. And then the landing gear crushed him to death and also was like negative 70 degree on the flight.


I think Stu, they, they, they did a study and they said 70% of people that have tried that move have died. But the 30% you get a great deal. It's a great deal. Great deal. Alright, what's up guys? It's Frankie Pastrami. My stardom this week is Teddy Bridgewater. 'cause he's back and he might win a ring 'cause he's with the Detroit Lions now. Teddy Bridgewater, standup guy. Teddy Big stick love love Stand. Standup guy. Standup guy. My sit is this week in the calendar because it's no man's week. I don't know where the fuck I am. I don't know what's going on. There's football games all hours. I love that part. But holy shit. You start a diet till you not start a diet till you read a book. Do you go to the dentist? You don't do shit.


It's just no man's land all week long. I about you. I don't know about you guys, but on Sunday, well I thought Christmas was Sunday 'cause there was football on tv and so I've been referring to Thursday as being Monday and Friday is doing Tuesday. Yeah. All fucked up. It kind of reminds me of when we change our clocks in two weeks. My sleeper is Xavier Legette. 'cause he brought that raccoon with him to the locker room. That that shit, it actually looked kind of good. Yeah, it looked like pulled pork. Yeah. That guy's a gamer. Gamer Teddy Bridgewater by the way. Being back is awesome. It is very cool. I love that. So he just won a state championship coaching his high school team, right?


Yeah. And then he is like, fuck it, you know what, I'll just come back. Yeah, It's crazy. Okay, let's I feel Like get to hire that they're making just because he's a good guy that people like to be around. Yeah. I I like that. That's a culture changer. Culture change. Yep. Okay, let's get to our interview with Paul Bissonnette, PFT. You got a couple quick words before that?


Yes. Before we get to our good, our dear friend Paul Bissonnette, he's brought to you by Campbell's Chunky Soup. I love Campbell's. It's soup season. We've got some great players out there that are chunky guys in a good way. They're soup guys. Montez sweat chunky soup guy Will Anderson Jr. Chunky soup guy. Chop Robinson. Delicious sounding name, chunky soup guy. Jason Kelsey, chunky soup guy. It's soup season. I'm making soup this week. I got some Pola going this week. I got some Italian meatball soup, some wedding soup going this week. It warms you from the inside out. And today's episode, a part of my take, is brought to you by Campbell's Chunky Soup. It's the soup that eats like a meal. When you think chunky, you think of players like Frank Ragnow from the Detroit Lions, but even guys like Trent Williams can't compare it to my go-to. That's chunky steak and potato. It's packed with great ingredients to keep me going strong. Chunky takes satisfaction to the max this soup season. And grab a can of Campbell's chunky today and getting taste up it's soup season.


Eson is also brought to you by our dear friends over at Chevy Chevy trucks. The Chevy Silverado, the best truck in the world. The grittiest truck in the world. The hardest working truck, the most luxurious truck also. It's powerful and it's beautiful. It's that time of the season. Teams are in the playoff hunt. Every game counts. Our AWS know that when it counts, you can count on Chevy Silverado. A dependable partner with strength, capability, and true grit. Whether you're looking for a spacious interior to comfortably get to the game, the functionality of the Multiflex tailgate to get the most outta tailgate or the technology to make driving, towing and parking all easier. Chevy Silverado has got your back. Did you know that Chevy's most America's most awarded brand for new vehicle quality over the last three years? According to JD Power, now is the perfect time to get into a Silverado or Silverado hd. Our favorite truck and the official truck of part of my take. They also sponsored the Low Man trophy. Shout out to Tyler Crow from Boise State. Go to chevy.com, check out all the great offers, even build your own Silverado and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details.


And now, Okay, we now welcome on a very, very good friend of ours, recurring guest. It is Dwayne the Rock Johnson. It's Paul Bissonnette. The man who has been, I don't know, I I don't, don't really know where to start. You're, you're my hero. I've told you that over and over, that you're my hero. You've lived basically every guy's fantasy, nonsexual fantasy in terms of like, man, if I could be so tough that I could take on seven dudes. Let's start with this. How are you doing overall? And maybe like a little background for the people that don't know what we're talking about.


I'm doing fine. I I got cocked obviously I was, you know, just kind of, kind of on the IR for a couple weeks there. But I've been getting some good time massages recently and it's been working out the kinks in my neck, so I'm not as fucked up as I was. But for those of you who have no clue what's going on, I, I went to eat at a family restaurant called Houston's that I normally go to. I go there like three, four or five times a week sometimes when I'm back. And just these drunk Irish travelers, I don't know people who are listening to know what Irish travelers are. Basically like modern day gypsies. But they were in there causing a ruckus. They got in the manager's face, they assaulted 'em, they harassed 'em. And then finally I'd seen enough, I go over and I said, Hey.


I said, if, if you guys keep doing that, I'm gonna bring you in the parking lot. We're gonna have issues. And then they just started swinging. So that fight went from inside the restaurant all the way over to the CVS. It was a three minute round and I was gassed by the end of it. Took a couple boot fucks to the head, but all in all doing good. Doing pretty good boys. Thank you. Took Some, gave some more. It was my favorite line. Yeah. You fought seven dudes in a parking lot and you, and you held your own. Again, you're my hero. Yeah, you're my hero. I mean, I want you singing the national anthem at a rough and rowdy in which I'm beating the fucking wheels off this Danny Bradley puke the kid who was caught on video an hour and a half before that altercation sucker punching a guy at Raven's Golf Club and then moseyed on over to Houstons to do the exact same thing to that manager.


But before he was able to caulk his right back and swing, I went over there and, and then the rest, the rest of it ensued. And on top of all of what has gone on now glass banger ends up in prison. Yes. Yeah. All your foes are going down. You're, you're just having an insane run right now. So, so what's going on right now with the, the legal proceedings with these guys? I saw one clip of one of the dudes who said, yeah, I'll try to make it back. And the judge is like, well you have to do better than try. Have we got an update on that Guy? He never, He never made it back. Oh shocker. He Hired a lawyer named Larry Kaza, a local Scottsdale guy whose kid Ben Kaan ended up DMing, the Sha Stevens guy who's been doing all the undercover work on behalf of Spit and Chiclets bar stool.


And then our side of it, it was just some random Chiclets fan who's also a private investigator who has been uncovering all this crazy shit about these Irish travelers. Like how they scam all these guys records in the past. The fact that they have affiliation to these people who have caused, or, or who have been involved in murders for insurance fraud scams it, the list goes on and on and on as to how big of a dirt bag or how big a dirt bags these guys are. So shout out to Shaa Stevens. But that Ben Kaza kid ended up sending him a DM basically being like, eat a bag of dicks. Fuck you, you Canadian. 'cause the chased even kid's Canadian. So now we got this slimy lawyer in the mix. Oh wow. And that's why he didn't have to show up 'cause he hired this bigwig lawyer and he ended up, you know, taking, taking the, the stand as far as his defense.


So they, I know they dropped three of their charges to enhance them to felonies. So I'm gonna end up going after these guys civilly. Oh, we're probably gonna have to wait till all the legal proceedings from a criminal side end up take, you know, going out and about. But I don't like, I don't even want, like, I want my hospital bills recovered. I want like my, my physio and all that paid for 'cause my neck still jacked up and I dealt with concussions. But I won't go after him that hard civilly if that Danny Bradley is willing to fuck, willing to fight me. Okay. So that's basically what I'm gonna present to their side saying, I won't ruin your lives if you end up paying the piper inside of a ring.


See Man, talk about it. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean I, I feel like you could take 'em all out one by one rough and rowdy just biz versus the Irish do it one night only and then just give him three rounds and everybody steps up. You beat the fuck out of him, you beat the next guy. But you're such a nice guy, you're willing to say that you just want one of them. You just want one of their scalps. I So Danny Bradley was the guy in the lime green golf shirt who you see at Ravens Golf Club who suckers the employee. He ends up clipping one of the girl waitresses too. He was the instigator in that one. He was also the instigator who was getting in and putting his hand inside the manager's face. Like go giving her one of these ones.


Right. And packing him up onto the back bar. That's when I kept turning around in my seat being like, like, like did I smoke a ba bad batch of weed here? Like, am I going fucking crazy? Like we're at Houston's restaurant and these nine drunk golfers are getting in in these guys' face. And the lime green golf shirt guy was the guy who was the antagonist in both situations. Got it. And they're just all scumbag piece of shit who rip off everyday Americans, anybody's grandparents who, who are listening who live in Texas, they're going around knocking on their door saying they're gonna perform asphalt jobs. They say, Hey, do half down. If you don't like it, we'll give you all your money back. See you later. Never see, never to be seen again. Go to The next down after Deposit.


These guys are absolutely Scumbag. Yeah. It's, it's a wild, wild story. So when I heard about like obviously I heard it, I was, I was very concerned for like, 'cause you know, you hear seven on one that's scary. You know, like a guy could get knocked out and then get hit in the, you know, kicked in the face. They tried to kick you in the head like that, you know, like, shit, bad shit can happen in, in a street fight. And when I thought about it, I was like, oh, it's probably just some like random, you know, college bros or something. But then to find out that they're legitimate, like, like criminals, traveling criminals that go around and do this. You're, it's cr the whole story is insane. The, the way that it unraveled because the next day I was expecting maybe like, like officers call and say, Hey, these guys wanna reach out to you about what happened where we could all just kind of go our own way.


And even though they kicked me in the head, it's just like, well maybe they just had one too many drinks and this was a one off and a horrible mistake they made. And I understand that those types of things happen. But when I ended up seeing that other video, when that Shaa Stevens, who the undercover detective or whatever, the Pi or whatever you wanna call him, he'd been getting messages like crazy from people from their, their town in Fort Worth, Texas being like, these guys show up to bars and restaurants and they'll get so rowdy to where they're gonna be rip they rip flat screen tv, TVs off the wall. They like go and terrorize small businesses. So the exact opposite of basically what Barstool stands for and Dave Portnoy and what he does for small businesses, these people are terrorizing the them and then ripping off everyday civilians in order to buy their gwas or Escalades.


These guys are cruising around like living li life very lavishly by ripping people off with other people's money. So these, these guys, they need to pay the piper this time. Yep. Yeah. Like this. We, we finally got these guys, we got 'em pinned down and, and including not only that Danny Bradley kid, but that Sean Daley kid who, I mean he's got a rap sheet as long as fucking a, a santa list. And he ended up having a military ID on him, a fake one so he could get discounts at hotels and restaurants and then they go do that at these places. And then when he got caught after kicking me in the head, 'cause the keep in mind, so at the Raven Golf Club, about an hour and a half, two hours earlier it had been called in, but they didn't catch them.


So they were off and and running around town and apparently they stopped at a Ruth's cri before they ended up getting to Houstons. So the cops were aware that these guys were out and about. So the minute that Houston's called in and, and they kind of were like, okay, it's probably the same guys. They were over there in like three minutes. 'cause by the time the fight ended, some of them had been caught. Some of guy, some of these guys were able to like run away and avoid police. But the camera operators, there was a camera across the street, they were operating it 'cause they heard the call and they're like, okay, it moved outside and then they followed it along. So they were able to identify what the guys were wearing and then call out to the cops being like, this is what these guys are wearing.


And then like a few of them were caught a few miles down the road, which included that Sean Daley kid with a red shirt who boot fucked me in the head three, four times. And at one point his, his foot where he missed me ended up getting to the, probably the, the height of his shoulders. So they were, if I would've, if I would've gotten knocked out out, they would've kept boot fucking Yeah. Would Yeah. These guys Were savage. Yeah. They would've like, like it would've, it would've, they would've maybe killed you. That that's the craziest part. These guys are are the absolute scum of the earth pieces of shit. And like they, the other part about, about it is they do this all around and they all around fight people and they take advantage of people and they are able to do it because they're, you know, they do it to anonymous regular civilians.


They just happen to do it to someone who has a huge following that's tremendously like well-liked across the internet and now they fucked up because now the world knows about 'em. So I feel like it's my duty at this point. Like I don't care about like getting kicked in the head or any of that stuff, but I just feel like it's my duty now to publicly hum humiliate these guys. Yeah. Yeah. If they're willing help to pay the piper and, and, and go through the legal system and, and pay their dues. Not only criminally, but but somewhat civilly. As I said, you sign the documentation, we meet in a ring somewhere. I'll make an example outta you and then we can all move on from this. Yeah. But if they don't and they keep tr I'm gonna, I said to them on, on my my on the podcast, I've said it in cl I'm gonna smoke 'em out.


I'm gonna use every resource I got. I got yo there's some, there's some bad people out there. There's there Irish travelers are not the only bad people out there. Right? Yeah, that's true. You might know some bad people out there, some bad ERs And we believe it. And the their own Irish, the other Irish travelers are probably not very happy. No. They're doing this Good dingo until they fucked with the wrong guy. Yeah. Just That's, that, that's my understanding is there's an Arizona chapter and a, and a Texas chapter and the you I I know. No, I know. It's just wild. It's just Ridiculous because we had never heard about the subculture Yeah. Until you got into a fight with seven of 'em. And now it's like, I'm obsessed with finding out more about these guys. Yeah. So they Tried to boot fuck you Outside the CVS That that's what I'm, so apparently the Arizona chapter is very angry being like, we're doing these small petty crimes under the table and you guys are bringing us all this negative attention, like, fuck off.


So I don't know, it's, it's a gong show but it also seems like something that like, like the government or the feds need to get involved in like from a bigger scale in order to take these guys down. Like they, like it's, you know, I I think that, you know, immigration and people coming over is great man. Like, you know, north America is the land of opportunity. But to come over here and then do that, like come on here, what are we, right, what are we talking about? This isn't people that we want inside of our country, is it? No, let's get the feds involved. Let's get the FBI monitoring the, the Irish travelers. They boot fucked the wrong guy. They did. They did. They stepped in it. That's a fact. And, and I love the fact that you're formally offering, you know, a retribution challenge for yourself.


Like, I will, I will drop everything if I can just beat the fuck out of one of them. You're like, Jason, have you figured out how so badass, how do you send that that offer to 'em? Do you send that to their attorney or are you just like faxing a document over and be like, you want to go Paul Bissonnette? You want One? Yeah, officially you want one tap, Right? It it, it reads tap on the shin pads. You want one, you want and then just a circle yes or no. Yeah. But You laugh. That is exactly the way you do it. You, we slide over the number that we want to cover my hospital ambulance and all the bullshit bills and of course the lawyer fees or whatever it is.


And it's like, this is gonna be a lot less painful financially if you just meet me in the middle of a ring somewhere. Yeah. I don't wanna do it in a boxing ring. I wanna do it in an MMA ring. I want the punches to hurt. Yeah, there you go. Gloves, Arm bar 'em. Yeah, Because I, I wanna, I wanna just pin down a couple details because I've, I've done a lot of reading about this and I've been, I I'm, I'm so happy that you're okay and I think it's, it's a a it's ended up being one of these stories where Paul Binet becomes a legend. You're like, Paul Bun, you could tell me anything about no Paul Binet. It's like okay. I believe You guys would've done the same thing though. No, I would've, no I would, I would, I would like to say that I would have hold On PFT if I ate at, at Houston's four or five nights a week, maybe I would've.


Well so that was one of the details I wanted to, I wanted to clear up here. So Houston's this place is a, it's a family restaurant. Yes. And how many times a week do you eat there? I would say at the, at the height probably like, I would say four to five times at the height. Okay. Like I haven't, I've only been there back twice since the ordeal in the last month. Just 'cause like I just don't, you know, it just doesn't feel as comfortable and cozy as it once did. And maybe a little PTSD. Yeah. And just like, I don't want to go in there and just like have to talk about it every time. Right. So I've hit up a few other local spots where I just moved into my place not too long ago, my newer spot. So I haven't gotten back into my cooking routine like I was when I was renting my apartment the last few years.


Yes. So You eat there you said four to five times a week? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like at the, at the height of it. Yeah. Okay. So you, do you get the same thing every time you go? I switch it up a little bit. Okay. 'cause I've heard that their salad is outstanding Traditional salad. Yeah. How would you know A good Kickstarter Fit? It's a family Restaurant. It's a, it is a family restaurant. You confirmed that. But, So 39 Locations. Have you ever eaten at Houston's? Yes, I have not. No, I Have. Okay. It's, it's, it's very military-like, like it's, it's like they are, they are hardcore, like the process to get hired there. Like they don't fuck shit up. They are on, everything's always cooked perfectly. The service is incredible. They run a tight, tight ship.


So that's why I go there. I usually get the rotisserie chicken, I do the filet sometimes if I'm feeling like extra wild, maybe the French dip and yeah, that's, that's usually the extent of it. Yeah. Okay. And, and then in, in the fight I saw the video several times. I'm pretty upset. I know that you're upset about this. The, the part where you clock the guy, you're behind the tree. Correct. So you don't get to see like the full on clock. Can you tell me just about that punch and how Good it felt and, and seeing that guy get knocked out? So yeah, so I kept getting backed up through the parking lot and I don't know how many people who are listening. The, the videos are everywhere. If you go search 'em online, like if you go on my Twitter timeline, if you back it up a little bit, Shay Stevens has them.


The local Fox station posted it. So probably like three quarters, like through the distance of the fight. 'cause remember this started inside the Houstons and it made its way all the way over to CVS inside the same strip mall. 'cause they kept backing me out. And, and when you're fighting like that, you don't want to get clipped to where you end up getting knocked out where you're asleep because like I said, they'll just keep kicking your head in. So as I kept backing up and then there would be a little bit of engagement kept backing up a little engagement. The one, one of the one guys who was the biggest dickhead William Carroll, he ended up sprinting past the group to try to get me, like to try to catch me off guard. And I hit him with a right hook and you could see in his mugshot that he's all fucked up on, on his left temple.


And the minute I got him right on the temple with my right, he just dropped right to his knees ready to fucking suck on my fori. Right, right. Like he was getting ready to unzip my zipper. That fucking piece of shit I should have fucking put, pulled it out and gave him a little bit of a nighting Trash Bucket. Irishman. But, and then I guess their side was trying to say that he like fell on the golf course and that's why he was all straight Up bullshit. Like Denying the fact that I did that. Like give me a hey. But if you watch the surveillance from across the street in which catches them as they continue to kick me in the head after that you could see him point at me and sprint at me in the, into the frame.


And then he disappears behind the dumpster and then out the other side, there's four of 'em sprinting at me 'cause they're pissed off. I just knocked out their buddy and he doesn't come out the other side. So pretty hard to deny. And then below the tree line, when the camera falls it as he runs in where you get blocked, you could kind of see him drop. Yeah. And then you come see me sprinting out the other side. So listen to this. Before any of the surveillance came out, didn't even know if they had surveillance. I recounted the whole story on the podcast and I posted something on social media. I was 95% bang on with all of the details of what happened. Yeah. I thought the guy I knocked out was bald.


He wasn't bald, he had a little bit of hair. He was maybe a little bit thin on top. Keep in mind I was kicked in the head three, four times. So my memory was a little bit blurry. But every, every detail about the whole ordeal, I pretty much got bang on in my statement. And even the cop said like, they were like, wow, you were unreal at recounting this before they'd even showed me the tape myself. And then, and then the postgame pressors were incredible. I mean you should watch it didn't Get any weirder. Yeah. The game pressors, you got guys like, they're finding guys at hotels like two miles down where they're pretending they weren't there. You got another guy who basic, who literally was like direct quote, he is like, I, he looked like Dwayne the Rock Johnson, he didn't have a lick, you know, a lick of body fat on him.


Be I I said it. I was like, they they basically were talking like Braveheart, like you're William Wallace. They were like, he's nine feet tall and shoots fireballs out of his ass. It was so awesome watching. They were, they were so what a scene Scared what a scene in Braveheart when he is running on the hills and they're like telling the tale of William Wallace that that fucking that's gave you goosebumps when you said that. Yeah. That's you. I think in the after report, I think the guys wanted to fuck you for the most part. They were like, He had, his body was just Covered with awesome tattoos. Yeah. Mexican. He was awesome. Beat the fuck out of us. So there was, there was one moment where you're backing up through the parking lot and it seems like there are three guys that are walking at you, but they're not, they're not running at you yet. You're just kind of keeping your head on a swivel backpedaling trying to get outta the situation where it seems like you guys are are exchanging words at that point.


Yes. What, what are you say? Are you having a conversation at that point? Are you like, I'll fuck you up. And he's like, yeah, we'll Fuck you Up. Yeah. The one, the one guy. No, the one G I'm, I'm being like, I said, what the fuck are you guys doing man? Like these people are good people. And I, and I pointed at the assistant manager who walked out the one that, that guy at the red shirt was screaming his face. That's when it all started. And I turned around so he ended up being removed from the restaurant. So when the assistant manager came out to try to break it up, that William Carroll guy grabbed him by the neck and threw him against the car. You could see that in one of the clips. So as he veers off and goes and does that, you could see me pointing. And then one of the other guys is like, fight him.


Fight him and pointing at the Danny Bradley guy. I go, I go you guys back up and I'll square off with 'em one-on-one. But they never backed up. It was never, it was never gonna be a fair fight. Right. It was all at one point, I think there was three or four of them because two or three of them had veered off to go fuck around with the assistant manager. But the minute that they'd thrown him against the car and assaulted him again, they hopped back in to come out by the dumpster. So that's the, basically the words being exchanged were like, yeah, I'd love to go with the guy in the lime green shirt one-on-one, but I know that ain't gonna happen. Yeah. 'cause it didn't happen in the restaurant. It didn't happen when you guys got me down by the rock pile quickly when you started punching and kicking me.


And then it obviously didn't happen after I knocked the William Carroll out when one of them tackled me like it was a, a rugby match and then the other three had their way with me. Yeah, yeah. They didn't, they never wanted to fight. Fair. I mean the whole story is so let's have A fight. It's a fight. Yeah. And if, and if a few of them want to jump in the ring, we'll let Sean Daley the boot fuck specialist. We can let him, I'll take him as my, my traditional salad appetizer and then send in Danny Bradley when I'm done with him, I'm gonna make these fucking guys famous boys. Yeah. I love it. We're make them famous. We gotta have front row all the Houston staff sit in front row of the, of the fight. You know the VIP just treat 'em well and they get to watch these, these idiots get their ass kicked by you.


But in the meantime we're gonna let the legal process figure it. Yes, yes. Out and let's hope Larry Kaison the local bigwig lawyer whose son wants to get in the mix firing dms off the good side. Like this guy lives locally, his son Ben went to a SU and these guys are jumping on those guys' side. That's crazy. Like they want these guys terrorizing the streets of Scottsdale when they live here. I think it's a bad look for Larry Kaza and he can eat a bag of dicks too, just like this kid. Alright, so biz I do have a couple hockey questions. Yeah. But I wanna say a couple other things. So we have the Winter classics coming up at Wrigley.


Yeah. The Black Hawks are playing in the Winter Classic this year. And the Spit and Chiclets boys are doing a live show on Sunday, December 29th at 4:00 PM Local time at the riv. There's still some tickets left Cellos is is gonna be a guess. Confirmed. Confirmed guess any other confirmed guests? Jeremy Rona Hall Jr. Hall of Famers J Love it. Yeah. And a a, a local legend Jr. He started his career there. I think Mike Keenan was the head coach. This guy's got the best stories of all time. So does she. These guys are unbelievable dues. So happy that JR finally got inducted into the hockey hall of fame that was much, much needed and long awaited based on what he did for the game.


Not only on the ice but off the ice. So great to have those two guys in the mix. We're actually gonna have Tim Stapleton as well, who is one of the OG favorite Chiclets interviews. Probably a top five guy. He was the guy who kind of cracked open the can on all the Russian KHL stories. Oh love it. So, so he'll be joining us. Yans will be there. The game notes guys, Merle and Army will be there. And I think at this point right now there's about 150 tickets left over. I wanna say the venue seats about 11 to 1200. Yeah. So there's some Lower Bulls available, there's some Upper Bulls available, but it's gonna be a live show at four o'clock. So even if you're a Hawks fan and you're going to the game that night, you'll be downtown.


Come grab a couple cocktails, come to the show at four and then you'll be outta there by five 30. You can go grab a quick bite to eat and then off to the Chicago Blackhawks game. And then of course they play two days later at dead on the 31st, which is gonna be the winter Classic. It's gonna be awesome. I actually like that it's on New Year's Day. Yeah. Rather, or, or sorry, Year's Eve Day Day. Yeah. Rather than New Year's Day. Just 'cause people are like hung over. It's almost like you go to the game, you get that little buzz going, you go out, have fun, and then the next day you could just sit on the couch and watch football. Yeah. And also it doesn't compete against college football. Bingo. The, the ball games. So, which by the way, biz might, he might stick around and and watch little ball games with us on New Year's Day.


I'm trying to get Him going to, and I'm trying to convince s as well. I changed my flight. Oh, Alright. I'll tell you s I'll text him that. Alright. So definitely buy tickets to that. You can buy it. Yeah. You we'll put the link in the, in the YouTube for our show today. So go buy it. Tickets for the live show. It's gonna be awesome. We'll get back to American and Canadian hero. Paul Bissonnette.


He's brought to you by Experian. For the Awls who really know us, you know how responsible we are with our money. The secret reason we got so much to gamble with is because Experian helps us save money across other purchases. League rights are getting outta hand. We have to subscribe to way too many streaming services so we can watch every key game and keep our listeners informed with our hard hitting analysis. And that's where Experian comes in. They will find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions for you so you don't have to worry about paying for services that you forgot about. They'll also save you time and money by negotiating bills like cable and internet. That's right. They'll stay on hold for as long as it takes to make sure that you're getting the best price so you can save money and focus on what really matters. You can also have Experian negotiate your bills like cable, internet, cell phone. And you keep all the savings all around. Experian does the work so you can save money. It's a one stop shop for your financial health. Get started in the app today. Results will vary. Savings are not guaranteed and some may not see any savings. Not all bills or subscriptions are eligible for negotiation or cancellation and eligible paid membership required. Get started in the Experian app and see how much you could save today.


And now here's more Paul Binet Hockey question. Is it the least year? Finally, give us a quick, I don't know, three minute like who's playing well, who's playing like dog shit. Who's, who's, you know, Macklin Celebr. He's been awesome. Like give us, he's awesome. This isn't our full NHL preview. That probably won't happen for another two months, but just give us a quick like, hey here's what's going on in the league refresher because football's winding down and hockey season starts for us. I would say this is the best lineup the league have had in the last 15, 20 years. Very solid backend. They're getting incredible goal attending. They have three guys actually Matt Murray who finally came back from injury who won a couple Stanley Cups with the penguins.


Mind you like, you know he does deal with the injury bug. They have that Joseph Wool who last year played incredible, got injured for game seven and then, oh God, I'm drawing a blank here. Their their starter who just got hurt, I'm drawing a blank, but he's been unreal all season long for them. He just went on the ir I think he's out four to six weeks. Help me out by Googling 'em. I can't, I can't believe I forgot his name. But they're backend solid. They're Core four. All the guys making all the big dough. Matthews, Marner, Tavaris and Lander are buzzing. Matthews has been out a little bit with back issues. I don't know if it's spasms or whatnot. He actually went over to Germany to get looked at.


Came back, was buzzing when he returned and then left or got Reinjured the other night after taking a crosscheck in the back and the buffalo game. But very solid team. They're at the top of that Atlantic division, which is very strong. They're tied in points with Florida, who's a juggernaut again, who has the possibility to reach their third, third Stanley Cup finals in a row if they stay healthy. Looking around the rest of the league, New Jersey. Great bounce back year. Tto ours is the, is the goal's name for the leaves. Yeah, he's, he's been incredible for them. A great pickup. Going to the metro New Jersey just looks really solid. They solidified their goal tending. They got Markstrom and then who, who's the other one?


Not Elliot. Fuck. No, I'm, I'm drawing a lot of blanks on the goalie's names today. Jesus Christ. Well you got boot fucked a little. What's that? You got boot fucked? I got boot fucked in the head. Sorry folks. But their offense is incredible. They got a great top nine forward group, great defense. The, probably the biggest surprise so far this year has been the Washington Capital's PFDs team. Yeah. They made a lot of trades in the off season, like five or six guys they brought in like whether it was signings or trades and they have just really panned out. Pierre, Luke Du Bois playing solid. They got Jacob Chiron over from Ottawa who's a great defender. Gio o Pon, he's been solid Roy. So they just, they went out and got five or six guys where they were able to gel very quickly.


I would say the overall MVP of their team, not only Ovechkin because of the gold chase, but because of the mojo he's created around the team, him and Dylan Strom have had incredible chemistry. They really slow the game down. It's almost like the reincarnation of Backstrom. Yeah. Not to install Backstrom at all, but just the chemistry that these two have together. But I would have to say Carberry the coach. He, he, he's the front runner for the Jack Adams. He just is such a modern day coach. Player's. Coach really inspires the players and they've really gotten behind him. Carolina's always solid with Rob Brimore, although they, people don't have much trust for them to get past the, the conference finals.


They seem to get there every year and they blow their load and they just can't get over that hump. Winnipeg had a crazy start to the year where they were 15. Oh and one people didn't expect that. So that was another huge surprise. And then Minnesota Carri the thrill. Another crazy Russian in the league who's been lightening the lamp. Probably a top three candidate for MVP right now. And just an unreal player to watch where every game, game in, game out, shift in, shift out. He has much watched television and then probably just have to give a little bit of love to, to whit's Oilers who has yeah, made a a, a great comeback in a sense of another slow start.


They were bullshit off the beginning. Probably some a hangover from going all the way to the cup finals and then, oh God, we gotta do this all over again. And then probably the front runner in that Pacific division is the Vegas Golden Knights. They got great depth up the middle. They have a really, really good back end and good goal tending and they're well coached. So that's a good synopsis of the league. I don't know if you guys had any further questions about, about the NHL, but that's pretty much my rundown. I had one Further question that was a great rundown. Are you worried at all about, 'cause I was actually texting with Whitt about this, that the Dallas stars are gonna be a team of destiny because glass banger kid got put in jail and he is going to get out right as the western conference finals start.


I I I think Dallas is a top five team in the league. So yes, like I I think that they could be a problem with glass banger. So a little bit of a backstory. So for you non hockey fans, like it's a full paw to continually bang on the glass as the play gets close to you. Right? I can understand. Some people, it's their first hockey game, they're getting excited, the play comes over and they wanna start body checking the glass a little bit to like, feel like they're in the mix. But eventually you, you figure it out and you stop doing that. Or someone just grabs your shoulder and says, Hey buddy, stop banging the fucking glass. Or I'm gonna give you a knuckle sandwich or I'm gonna kick boot. Fuck you like an Irish traveler. Well this guy, he's a trust fund baby.


He has glass seats. He calls himself the glass banger. He bang brings a sign every game that has the hashtag bang. He wears a full white suit and anytime the play comes near him or anytime he wants to distract the Goldie, he's just continually banging the glass, throwing body checks against the glass. So even last year during playoffs, the camera would pan over, there'd be a battle behind the net and he'd be over there getting in on the four check with the rest of the team, just bang and bang and bang. And so the section that he sits in, the people are fed up with him, they hate him. He also to put a cherry on top brings pay for play hookers to every game. Like he'll bring like he'll, he'll call a girl from back pages, get sucked off in, in, in his limo outside and then bring them on in and then just be obnoxious and then that's it.


Every game in game out. So apparently he ended up like what? Getting a DUI and then forgot about it. Yeah, It Happens. Yeah. He was like, he got pulled over. He is like, there was a miscommunication, he had a warrant out, first arrest for a previous DUI So now he's in jail. I mean, I don't know how that happens where you're like, oh whoops, Better her call Saul. Yeah, yeah. Like I didn't realize that I had a word for the DUII had, but yeah, You're mowing him down one by one. What about Marche? What about him? What, what bad stuff is gonna happen because he he boot fuck you in the face on t and t. Yeah. He got you. Good. Just one just when I didn't need it. Brad, Marsha comes in the ra Brad, Marsha is such an incredible ambassador to the NHL, so I have no more beef with him, nor do I want to get to put any more headlocks with Uggies from, from Brad.


But we had a fun little back and forth on t and t after that happened. And I don't know how many people watch the, the, the clip online. But so every time pregame the whole panel usually asks one question. So they had just replaced their coach. They fired Jim Montgomery, they brought in Joe Sacko and I was curious to know, 'cause it's the first time that we got a chance to talk to him. What was it that Brad, as captain of the bro Boston Bruins took away from what, when Sacko first addressed the team, like what did you guys need to button up and change and what was the message? So I asked that and he's like, well that's a bit of a boring question and then proceeds to answer it. So he antagonized me.


So I tapped Liam, I go, gimme one more. So the other guys are in the midst of an asking their questions and then finally they're, they're done and he's not answering. And I say, Brad, one last question here from Bizz. I said, you're, you know, I heard about all these offseason surgeries 'cause he had like two or three offseason surgeries. I said, was one of them getting a, a Turkish hair transplant? 'cause his hair looked great. It looked like he filled in some spots as the guy at bars stool though, yes, this thing can really change the the top of your do he can Big Time. So he, he had a good chuckle and he goes, ah, hi. He goes, I'm just trying to look like one of those I Irish travelers that beat the wheels off you the other night. And just on the broadcast unexpectedly, just so I get, I get nose kicked and he gets the last laugh.


So sure enough we have them on back to back broadcast. So we planned this whole skit where I do a, a department of player safety, like George Perro used to film the clips And we roll it and then I come out of it and I got the neck brace on and the, and the head wrap and he didn't know. So we got him a monitor so he could see me asking that next question. And then we, we shared another awesome back and forth. But these are the, the type of things that I think the NHL needs in order to, to draw, you know, outside interest. And I just can't thank Marcy for being a good sport and, and not only involving himself, but but definitely giving it back. So it it was a fun exchange.


Yeah. You Guys are so good on TNT with it's, it feels like the inside the NBA, you know, it feels like, you know, Chuck and Kenny and those guys, like you guys have caught the Same vibe. I got gotta go sit and do a hit with those guys. Like we, we, I sat down with 'em for 10 minutes to go on and promote the winter classics. So I got to sit down with those guys and as you just said, they, they laid the foundation so, you know, we could be a little bit more personable and maybe be a little less stale in traditional broadcast. So not only, you know, thank you to t and t for everything they've done for me, but also those guys for, for laying the foundation of what is just nonstop entertainment and yeah, very grateful and and honored to get sit to sit down with with all of them.


Yeah. Ernie Shaq. Who? Kenny and who, who's and Barkley is who, who, sorry, I'm I'm drawing a blank to the guy to who was to my left. Is it Ken Kenny's? I I think you were in the middle. So Kenny was to your left. Yeah. Kenny. Kenny. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like he's like the glue guy. Yeah. You know, like you always talk about Shaq and Barkley, but he, he has some quick one-liners that he's a funny fucker man. Yeah, yeah. Have just great chemistry. Yeah. Oh yeah. This I I'd like to present you with a part of my Take Citizen of the Year award. Oh, I don't think we've ever done that. Should he be I feel like 2024 It should go to Paul Bissonnette Citizen Of the Year award. Wow. You get the key to the podcast. Yeah.


Citizen of the Year award. It's Got a little, little bump on there for you. Yeah. Boys, boys. I'm honored. Like I, I always get a little bit envious when I see like the Blake of the Year or Oh yeah. These awards that you give out and the fact that I'm, I'm taking in my first ever, pardon my season of The year war. I mean the year isn't over, but right now you're the frontrunner. Yeah. Don't, don't mess anything up. You're minus 900 to be the, the citizen of The year, season of the year award. Okay. I didn't have a speech prepared, but I guess I should wait till the new year. Yeah. Wait until you officially win it. You gotta officially win it for for you to. Yeah. I'll just say if I do win it, okay. I'm not saying I'm going to don't wanna jinx it. If I do win it, I wanna pass it along to all the, the, the citizens of Scottsdale and also the, the police fire department.


All the first respond Responders Stuff. Right. And the amazing people. It's incredible. What do you, why you do? What do you mean incredible. This is what in the year does year, this is why you're gonna win it. Probably. Well, I I just wanted to solidify that, but all those police officers that caught those scumbags Yeah. And helped reign those guys in from creating more terror in our city. So thank you to the police department of not only Paradise Valley, but Scottsdale Road. Bad boys. Bad boys. What you don't Do What About the, what you don't do when biz comes full? You bad. Alright, So biz, I got one last question.


So Rollback question RHO bck.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs Polos, hoodies, joggers, shorts.


So hopefully you will first of all go buy the tickets again there. The, the, the Chits boys are doing a live show on Sunday, December 29th at 4:00 PM at the riv. You can go buy tickets. We'll, we'll we'll post it here on the YouTube so you can, and we'll put it in the episode description if you're listening on the podcast go by. It's gonna be a great show. So my last question is, well you're gonna hopefully win Citizen of the Year. You're gonna come watch maybe some college football with us on, on January 1st. If you do, then we'll have, you have, we'll have you back on to do a citizen of the year acceptance speech. But would you maybe decide, would you display your Citizen of the Year award in Houstons if you want it.


'cause I would love for the, the people of Houstons Pay the respects To it. Pay the respects. So would you do that? Would you consider that? I would a hundred percent bring it over and say, hey, the PMT boy only if next time you're in there Yeah. They give you a traditional salad on the house. Okay. Okay. Okay. I like that You Listen. You should, you should not pay for another meal there ever. Ever. We'll see, we'll see. Okay. Okay. But if you do the traditional salad, you gotta do it with a thousand island dressing. Okay. Okay. They should at least name a menu item after you. That salad should be called the biz. Yeah. Well maybe I could bring, I know you're not gonna be here PFT but Big Cat. Yeah. Maybe I can bring you, you when you're here on the 26th. Yeah. I could bring you in there, show you around, show you the blood spatter that's still on the ground there.


Be Nice show, show me the people Chalk The chalk line. Yeah. A tremendous staff. Yeah. We'll get like exs put on the ground like it's Deley Plaza so people can go through it and, and and relive the night. Be like, oh, that's where he got Boot Fucked. Also Your recap speech. I I you didn't plan on doing it this way, but it was, you have a way about speaking that's like, I, maybe it's part, you know, the Canadian part of you where you're retail retelling this very scary event, but almost like in a whimsical way where you're like, yeah, three or four guys just boot fucked me in the parking lot outside the CVS And it makes you wanna laugh as, as you're recapping it, but it's like serious stuff. It was just, it's been a, it's been a whirlwind of the last month for you. Yeah.


You're our hero. You're our hero. You're hero and, and thank you biz. But thank you for your service. I also, I first of all thank you guys for having me on and, and the kind words and the last thing I'll say is like I was never that much of a fighter growing up. Like yeah, I got in a few dust ups on the, you know, look at the playground and, and and did a little bit in junior. But when I got to the American Hockey League and I switched from defense to forward, that's kind of when I got thrown in the fire where I had to start playing that role. So when I was playing in the a HL back to back years, I got over 30 fights. So we would get on a bus, we'd drive to the away city, get off the bus, you get dressed and I have to fight Jeremy Lansky in Binghamton once or sometimes even twice.


Get babied, get cocked, go to the penalty box. There was no spotter back then. Yeah. You just went and licked your wounds in the box and acted like nothing was wrong. And then after that game, you put your gear back in your bag, you hop back on the bus, you'd travel four hours to the next city. You'd go and unpack your gear at that rink at 2:00 AM or whatever time it was, you'd go to the motel, you'd sleep, you'd wake up and you'd do it all over again. You'd do that three in a row, three in threes. So that basically prepared me to get boot fucked at the CVS parking lot. Yeah. Like I was, I need to con thank Jeremy Olansky and the John morass, John Nasty moti and all those other guys who used to beat the wheels off me when I was learning how to scrap that prepared me for the Irish traveler.


So without them I'd probably be drinking out of a straw on a respirator right now. Yeah. Yeah. It's best. We're glad that you're not. Yeah. But I do hope you get your nose fixed at some point. They fucked you up Pretty bad there. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna add that to the, to the, to the note that I'm sliding across Larry PA's desk. Yeah. Biz nose was perfect. Maybe Ben pay for the nose job You had. You had a great nose before that fight. They need to fix that. Alright, well biz you're the best man and citizen of the year award. We get like pending five, you know, five days left in the year. So, so we'll hopefully you can wrap it up. Yeah, don't fuck up. Yeah. I hope this doesn't become a jussie Smollett in the next, in the next week where we found out that you, none of this actually happened but right now this right now minus 900 is nasty. They were hired actors.


Yeah. Hire travelers. We'd still probably give you the award. Yeah. Alright, thanks. Biz. Appreciate it, man. Love you guys.


Welcome back to another Fire Fest of the week. Brought to you by our good friends over at Morgan and Morgan. You know what really sucks is thinking that you can dunk in training for basically a year and not being able to dunk. You know what else really sucks? Getting injured, but you know what doesn't suck? Calling Morgan and Morgan so they can help you get what you deserve. While they can't help you increase your vertical jump by six or more inches, they can't help fight to get you full and fair compensation When injured. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or you can dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone.


All right, fire fest of the week to wrap us up, Henry. I mean, tough, tough to have a fire fest on a great week like this. I don't know, I guess I watched how to shoot. I played nine holes on Christmas. Had a great time with with the fan. Shot five over. It was a like a part three, part four course. Short course. People are very mean to me online, but that's to be expected. Not really a fire fest. I watched Red one, the Rock Christmas movie. Horrible. Just, just an abomination of a Christmas movie. You expected more?


Not I got, well, I guess, I guess the Real fire fest. I got trolled. I got satire. Oh no, I read a tweet. Oh no. I read a tweet thread from someone that was like, I know all the reviews of Red One were bad, but actually it was pretty good. And then there was a few replies from people that were also in on the bit being like, yeah, this movie was really funny. Like people don't like it was good and I bought it, so I recommended it to my family being like, I think this movie's good. We should watch it. Oh No, you Got more Views it. Yeah, pretty much within five minutes. I was like, no, this is that. I, I I, I went back and checked. I was like, yeah, no, this was satire. I didn't, I didn't pick up on it and this is so bad. Damn.


That's tough. That's added to New Year's Year New Year's resolutions, Satire. I'm usually, I Think's gonna read one book this year. Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be huge. Alright. In terms of Fire Fest, that's nothing. Especially After the last week. No, I mean, yeah, we got last week and then we got this week. You know, not every week is the same. Not all Fire Fest are created equal. Yeah. Yeah. All right. PFT. Yeah. Kind of like Hank. It's a good week. Christmas, the Joy is here. I'm in the Christmas spirit, got to see some family and, and hang out. It's been a good week. So I get my only fire fest is, I guess I went to a speakeasy on Monday.


You guys ever go to speakeasy? Maybe. I never really know what the definition of a speakeasy is. 'cause like, I feel like it's like something from like the prohibition era and, and now bars just say it's a speakeasy. But like, yeah, unless there's a secret entrance, I don't think it should be called speakeasy. I, I agree. And I don't think that there should be speakeasies unless they're actually like illegal places where you can like smoke inside and like, it's against the law. That's what a speakeasy should be. There are way too many speakeasies in America right now. If you wanna have a cool bar, you just call it a speakeasy and you just go up to the door, you like knock on it. You just have to know the right door. And then you walk in and it's a bar. There's this one that's down in Texas that I just heard about, where you go up to it and it looks like it's a flower shop that's closing.


And you go in and there's a guy that's like cleaning off the counters. And then you go in and he lets you in to the actual bar. So this guy up front is just like an actor playing somebody that, that cleans up at night. And then he is like, okay, here's the bar. There's way too many speakeasys. If you're gonna have a speakeasy, it should be illegal. You should feel like you're getting away with something. Like you could you stand the chance of getting arrested and have, or at least watching the entire place get shut down while you're in it. There's way too many speakeasies out there. They're just bars. You're looking for an excuse to charge like $7 more for a beer and $10 more for a cocktail. But you're just a bar. You're not a speakeasy. It's it's stolen valor. Yeah. Bar Bars during Covid that actually like ran.


Yes, yes. Were open like now with some true speakeasy shit where they like black out the windows and like would be like, the cops are coming, turn the music down for 10 minutes. Like, Like I, during Covid, I got a haircut and my, like, when they weren't allowed to be open and the, and the bar, my barber let me in through the back door and then like kept all the lights off, off in the front and I was like, in the way back. That was fucking cool. Easy. That's what speakeasy should be. Yeah. That, that counts as a speakeasy. But now the terms just gets thrown around fast. You have, it's not a speakeasy. If I look at your wall and you have your health department grade on the wall, You're right. It pisses me off. I don't know, maybe there, maybe there's people out there that like the whole speakeasy trend. I'm not one of them.


Can, can I piggyback real quick? PFT Another trend that I fucking hate bars I can't stand and I don't know why this pops up every now and then. The bars that have the like pour your own beers. Yeah. I hate that shit. I know. That shit is so stupid. The whole point of going to a bar is have someone like, you get to sit down, you get to have a little conversation with the bartender. They pour you a beer. You feel like a man. Like I don't wanna have to get up and go pour my own beer. I suck at pouring beer. Yeah, that's a point. And you need to like a great Point. Have a card to activate. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You feel like you're playing laser tag or some shit. Yeah. Sucks. A Dave and Buster's mega beer that you have to pour yourself. I I didn't like it when Elon did that, the Tesla convention or whatever and he had the robot bartender.


I don't want a robot bartender. I want a bartender that's gonna be like friendly with me and trick me into thinking that we're friends now and then like I'm gonna have a good conversation with 'em. I don't wanna have to like wait patiently for a robot or a machine to pour my beer. Yeah, yeah. Okay. My fire fest, I mean it's the bears and what just happened on national television, but it's also because Sundays we always stream. So I'm not home. I watched the first half with my son and he was just like, why, why are the bears always losing? And I just couldn't answer that. I was just like, I, it was just, I don't, it, it's kind of similar to when he was like, how, how hot is the sun? I was just like, I don't fucking know.


Like I, I don't have an answer. Don't same answer. Don't look at it. Yeah, yeah. Don't look at it. He was just like the, he was like the, the other, the bad guys have three and the bears have zero. Why are we always losing? I was like, dude, I don't fucking know. Have you had the conversation about like, did you try to turn him off tanking? Yeah. No, he's been off tanking. Was we had a discussion about Caleb in the, in the off season. That's not aging well, that was in the privacy of my own home. I might have taken some videos on draft day saying this is the day that's gonna change our lives and we're gonna play this later when you're like 15. But yeah, no, it sucks. It sucks. The bears are, are miserable.


Thank God they don't have any more nationally televised games. 'cause there's only one more game left. But holy shit, I, it's setting the game of football back Decades. Decades. It's a bad game. It's a bad game. It's, it's so bad, dude. So Caleb had a dime, an absolute dot for a touchdown laughing at Hank taking a video. That's unbelievable that, that, yeah. I Drafted, I was like, today's the day that we're gonna laugh about this in a decade. That touchdown passed that he threw was it to Roman Dunay in the first half. This is awesome. That was a, a personal Highlight reel didn't count. It's it's bullshit that the bears aren't allowed to cheat.


They should be allowed to cheat. One guy should be allowed to cheat on every play. I'm gonna have to find these videos. I'll send it to you. Hank, it was just so bad. It was just me being like, Jordan also said, you can just blame Thursday night football. Yeah. Alright. Good, good, good, good, good. There you go. Thursday night football. There it is. There it is. Okay. We did record numbers. So reminder we'll be back on Sunday night. So you'll have a show on Monday and then we'll have a show on Friday as well next week. So Monday, Friday next week as well. But yeah, let's kick it to ourselves in studio where we recorded some lottery ball. Okay, we're back in studio numbers.


17 11 80. Hmm. He's looking around for numbers. 21 70, 67. 74, 25. 74 5. Shane Daniels That it He does Is he? Yep. Gift. He hates Shane Daniels. Wow. Quite the contrary names. He's So good.