
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today is part of my take. We have our good Fred Rachel Nichols, back on the show talking some NBA playoffs. We also have Max, he's back. Max is back. We're gonna talk about all the playoff action from this weekend. Got a little NFL news we're gonna get to. We got who's back? And then we will finish with Max giving us gifts from Hawaii and Jordan of the week. She's back in the news. We, we, we screwed up our recording by about three hours. 'cause we said on Thursday night, man, it stinks.


We don't have any new Jordan news. And then we got the bombshell. Yeah, they, They always wait till Friday sometimes to put out the old Jordan Bomb. Yeah. So Jordan of the week, two weeks running. Great show coming your way.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. It's officially the best time of year for hoops fans, playoff, drama, buzzer, beaters, all the chaos we live for. And if you're done just watching and ready to actually win some cash, you gotta check out Pick six from DraftKings. Nobody's dropping better payouts than pick six. Hit six picks and that's 25 x your cash. And if you beat your competition, you can be looking at a 500 time bag in your pocket. It's super simple. Select your picks, track your score. Go for those big time prizes. No gimmicks, just straight up fun. Pick six is live in most states like Missouri, Cali, Texas, Georgia, and plenty more. So yeah, don't settle for week payouts. Make your picks with pick six and let your basketball brain pay off. New to DraftKings. Pick six new customers. Toss in just $5 on your first entry. And you get 50 in bonus picks instantly. The playoffs are on. So why not take a shot at making a little money while you're watching? Download the DraftKings. Pick six app now right now. And use code. Take. That's code take play $5. Get 50 in bonus picks. Better payouts, bigger wins. Only on pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdraw. Pick six bonus picks that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos. Okay, let's go.


Hey football guy. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. The Playoffs are on, so why not take a shot at making a little money while you're watching? Download the DraftKings Pick six app right now and use code. Take that's code take play $5, get 50 in bonus picks. Better payouts, bigger wins. Only on pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, May 12th and max and the Celtics are back. Celtics are so back. The two of them combined. The Celtics are down one to two in this series, but it feels like they're up three to one. Yeah. Hank, we got a better mood. Hank here. I'm my mood. We're ready to go. Hank You are dominating this series. One to two. We should Probably start with this because you need to, we we need to pump up our boy. Get him back. There was some comments that were like, Hey Hank's, just, you know, he's down, he's he's down in the dumps again. He's he's who said that's being negative Nancy not talking. Well That true j true OC. Whoever said that did not pay attention. 'cause Hank very clearly said that he wasn't worried.


Yeah, Yeah. Was not worried. So, so the Celtics on Saturday, we're gonna talk about every game from this weekend. The Celtics on Saturday kicked the shit out of the Knicks. Jason Tatum showed up in his, in his fully laced up Timberlands ready to go to work. What does that look for, Hank? Why'd you have to clarify. They were fully laced. Well, He was wearing Timberlands. 'cause it was a New York game. He was, he was like, I'm the bad guy. This was him doing the Joker. Well, I mean, it's just like he, I Mean, the Joker did the Joker. I know literally the Joker. Yeah. A guy with Aura would have the Joker Did. The Joker would've the loose, loose Timberlands I would say. Got It. Yeah. Mr. Big Cat safety first. Mr. Big Cat decider of aura for basketball players. No safety first. That's facts. If you go to throw somebody, You wear a black hoodie and the same pair of shoes.


You, If you, you wear the same shit every day too. No. Don't you want to get you win one game? Yeah, you do. No, I don't. You wear the same shit every day too. We all wear the same shit. But I'm not deciding who has Orange, who, it's Literally, this room is just PFT dresses like a, a fifth grader and then everyone else wears a hoodie and sweat and joggers. That's it. That's all. That's the entire fashion. Pardon my date. I mean, today I'm wearing a hoodie. Yeah. And, and basically joggers. Yeah. That was crazy. Couple you Well no, you wear, you dressed the same as me, but I'm, I Don't sit here and decide how Jason Tatum, the fucking NBA superstar should be dressing All. Did I, all I said was they were fully la up. I not explaining the situation. If I was Jason Tatu were fully la up Timber items, I would, Jason Tatum is essentially the same playoff perform as Joel Bie.


We also established that on Friday. Yeah, he did say like the, the, the nodding of the lace. It's like, come on man. Yeah. Say thank you p ft. He, But he was like, if I'm gonna, I will troll them. He's not gonna a construction site. I will troll them, but I also, I don't wanna trip on myself. Yeah. He Doesn't wanna hurt his ankles. It's pretty important. He's fucking basketball Player. Okay. Well is he, I thought you said he was an elite athlete. Elite athlete should be able to walk around with untied shoes and not trip on themselves. Whatever. Either way. Hank, good job. You want a game? Thank you. It does feel, it feels not great for the Knicks because they, they're up to one, but it felt like the CEL were gonna finally make their threes and then they finally made their threes and they won by 30, or no, I guess it was closer in the end where they win by like 2022.


But they were, this game was never in doubt. They scored, what, 71 in the first half. How are you feeling? I feel good. I'm happy. I said I wouldn't be worried if they went down oh two. They came, they came out, they showed what they needed to do. I feel like that's gonna be, they're gonna win this series in six. Oh. So that's it. That's it for the Knicks. Yeah. I actually have a stat for you that might make you a little worried. Okay. You ready for it? Yeah. This is advanced analytics in the last three seasons in the playoffs. The Knicks record in the second round when playing on ESPN, they're oh and eight. This game was on EPN.


Hmm. When playing on TNT, they're seven and one. I looked ahead Monday's ESPN. So that's a win. So it's two two Wednesday's, TNT. Now the Knicks are back up three, two Friday's. ESPN damn. Three three Monday is TNT. Ooh. So you're gonna lose in seven. No team is gonna win a home game. I kinda like that. I I got some advanced analysts. I love dumb stats like that For You're here too. Hank The Knicks are so fucking tough. Yeah, They're just tough. They're just a tough fucking team. Not complaining about injuries or, or using excuses. No, they just don't give Up. Carl Anthony Towns might've broken his finger. I love Kat so much. His fingernail, he's so fucking zesty that when he hit his first three, I think it was his first three since the piston series, and he did like a, he kissed his hand.


He's so funny. I also don't know why the Knicks don't get him involved more. They asked him about his injuries. He said what happens in the locker room stays in the locker room. Love that it happened on the court. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. That seems like a cliche. He got his cliches like mixed up. Yeah. And he's definitely injured. Yeah. Wait, or, or did something happen in the locker room? It might've, If we know it's staying in, if we, if we don't know, it's gonna stay in there. There's A clip that you could see him say, I think I broke my finger. Okay. But in the locker room. In the Game. But in the locker room. Look, he, it's broken. He's, he pulls his finger and says, I broke it. Dislocated Maybe. So he goes in the locker room, maybe he gets into, he just flips somebody off real hard. I don't know. And then Hyperextends it makes it worse. Maybe he pointed at someone and said, you and like kind of wagged it a little too hard.


Yeah. I don't, I don't know. But yeah, Hank it does feel like, you know, water finds its level and the Celtics weren't gonna be a terrible three point shooting team for forever. But it, it is weird that it happened two games in a row. I I actually, and it obviously the sells hit their shots. The sells defense is what won this game. They have Jalen Brunson in hell. I know he still is scoring, but he has to work so hard for everything. And when the Knicks refuse to, I feel like they don't run plays for Kat where he, they just give him the ball and they're like, Hey, figure this out Kat. And then you have role players who don't step up enough. Yeah. It was the Celtics defense was, was the, and Peyton Pritchard Celtics defense and Peyton Pritchard were the, were the winners of this game in my, in my eyes.


I Agree. Yeah. Peyton Prichard was, was awesome. Very awesome. He's so fun to watch when he is hot. I got a question for you, Hank. We talked about Chris stops having whatever he has, there's been more reports Shams even reported in in his report. He'd told us absolutely nothing. He was just like, yeah, he wakes up some days. He is tired. He probably needs to do a follow up to Luca being like, he slept all day. I Think I Got that. Yeah. He's taking IVs, everything. Is there a chance that you trust Luke Cornett more than Christoph's at this point? No. I mean, Luke corn's Not bad. Luke T's good. Luke t's he good. He's a good player. Not, not exactly the offensive spark plug that Pingus is, but he's good defensively.


He knows, he knows his role. But I think you'd rather have poor, I Mean, hasn't even his offense hasn't been that good. Well, yeah, he is dealing with whatever he is dealing with, whatever he is again, like they, you know, made it to the finals last year. He just needs to be a spark. Zenas is just needs to be a spark. I feel like you, you will need Zenas in the finals. Right. Does that part weird you at at all? Because You can, are you already onto the finals? You Can, you can beat the, you can beat the Knicks. You guys are already up in the series. We've established that. Yeah. We're onto the finals. Yeah. But then you're Onto the finals Not having Pingus, then it becomes an issue for you. We have though. It's just he's gonna get healthier and healthier. He is gonna get, you know, more, catch more of his breath.


Hopefully whatever he has fades away, he'll be back. I think he'll be fine. Going Into this game. Were you nervous or were you like, Hey, we're gonna win this game by a lot? Yeah, I was, I was confident. Okay. Not nervous at all. Were You worried about the garden? No. I, the garden is the most overrated venue In sports. All right, well you can say right now, both gardens, no team has won a home game. Yeah, that's true. So I also am addicted to, so I'm addicted. Two things on the Knicks. And I do think the Knicks are in a lot of trouble. Kat just being Kat is very funny to watch. He's just so zesty. And then Mitchell Robinson shooting free throws. And I dunno if you guys saw this, but we had one of the most ridiculous, I don't know if there was like a weekend intern running the ESPN account.


Mitchell Robinson got to the free throw line. The Knicks fans try to cheer him on. And ESP had treated the Knicks crowd supported Mitchell Robinson while he was at the free throw line, bigger than basketball. I thought some things at a moment when I read that, at first I was like, does Mitchell Robinson have some illness I do not know about. Is Mitchell Robinson, did he have like some horrific thing happen as a child that makes it so he can't shoot free throws his basketball hoop burned down when he was a kid and his family died in the, in the fire something. No, he just can't shoot free throws and it's bigger than basketball. They're cheering for him, which is, wait, correct me if I'm wrong, free throws are a part of the sport of basketball. Correct.


So they're cheering him from the line. This is what, when Philly did it, we said Good sports town for Trey Turner. This is remember that? Yeah. Kind of the same thing except it's not working. It's making him air ball the, the ball worse. He air balls like every single grade, but bigger than basketball. That's something that happens. That's little League World series shit where they're like, yeah, it's bigger, bigger than sports. And this kid's high fiving playing ping pong after, after, you know, Chinese Taipei beats him by a hundred. Yeah. I Mean New York as a sports town should be booing him. Yeah. Right. That's what great sports towns do. Agreed. They, they hold their players accountable. I think maybe they've reached the end of their booing where they're like, we've already booed enough. That's not working. We gotta try something. Anything else?


You know what? Some things are bigger than the game. Bigger than basketball. Well, they've Priced out the real fans outta the guard. No shale may was there, But like anyone that, you know, the cheapest ticket to get anyone was like 900 Bucks. Ben Stellar. I mean that is how Playoffs work in all sports. When your team goes to the Playoffs and then goes deeper into the Playoffs, the tickets do get more expensive. I I do think though that a city like New York, you should have, I you have to work on the wording of this to make it a little, you know, smoother around the edge. A poor section like for the real fans. Right? Well, I mean there's like, Is there's a, there's a shit load of people in New York Yeah. That are diehard fans of the Knicks that aren't a-list celebrities that would like to be able to go to a game that do make a difference in terms of cheering for their team.


Well, I mean, Season ticket holders still have tickets. I mean, those guys are are diehards and, and don't have to be like billionaires. I'm sure those are very expensive though. Yeah, they are. But I mean, I I it's how sports work. You just, the ticket prices go up. It sucks. I I I mean the, the garden was electric for a team that got absolutely killed. Like it was loud. Yeah. Yeah. In the beginning It was very loud. So you're not intimidated by the garden at all. 0%. Do you think if there was a poor section, they wouldn't have made a bigger than basketball moment with Mitchell Robinson? They definitely would. They would've would've booed. They would've boo they would've done the right thing as sports. But it is like the Titanic. Yeah. You need The guys, You have way more fun below deck. You need the guys who ripped down Julius Randall's Fathead.


Yeah. Like a couple years ago. Yeah. Who was injured. Like They're assholes. Yeah, but they're your assholes. Yeah. Yeah. No, I I I see what you're saying. So Max, you missed basically the worst week that you could have missed because I think we all, when the Knicks were up 2.0, we're like, this is funny. But if the Celtics hit some shots, it's, it's, it's not gonna be funny much longer and you missed that whole week. So Yeah, Celtics probably aren't gonna lose the game the rest of the Playoffs. Oh wow. Yeah. Wow. Max has come all the way around. I could tell you meant that. What Was the feedback on your ed verse Tatum take I stand by It. No. What was the feedback? I mean, I, I had pe I had people trying to on me trying to dunk on me for Tatum going, having 20 points going eight of 20 from the field.


Great. Huge game. Hank, any Other feedback? Stat hole. Stat hole gave me some numbers that, that backs up what I said. Did he give you any numbers regarding not playing in the playoffs? Yeah, the Celtics are a better team. Do you think that that is a point in favor of Jason Tatum though? The fact that Embi has missed a lot of important playoff games? Injuries are are shame. That's what About playoff points scored before 27 years old? Do you see that stat? I didn't see that. No I didn't. That's sta Who's leading? Wait, is that trophy That's that's that's part participation. Who's leading in that per Game? Tim's still under 27 years old or is he 27?


He was under 28. Under 28. He's under 28. Got Are they gonna just keep bumping that up? Yeah. He'll be under 29 next year. Yeah. I'll probably be winning that one too. Max, you just root against Than LeBron any superstar playoffs. Jason Tan is not a superstar. Oh, let's embrace debate Memes. Oh yeah. Let's Get Well memes, memes just kept saying it every time you kept saying let's Get the Jason Stadium. Jason Stadium is a superstar. He was like, memes just kept, kept saying star, star. Listen, I, we had this debate last year. I'm, I'm very critical. You Don't get your own Jordan if you're not a superstar. I'm very critical of the tag Superstar people got mad at me when I said Jalen Brunson wasn't his superstar. He's not. I have, I have like four superstars in the whole league.


Yeah, I'm fine with that. Yeah. Okay. He didn't play on the Olympic team. He didn't play. It's who are the four who Like, so it's Yoic, it's Giannis, it's Luca, and then it's, there's like the aging group of superstars that's like Steph, LeBron kd. It's not much. I don't go Superstar to me is if you said their name like to, to your mom or someone on the street, they would immediately be like, yeah, of course I know who that is. Yeah. Jason Tatum's in there. He's in this Superman commercial. I don't know. He's, he's a star. I'm very critical of the super. We've, we've done this so I don't wanna rehash it, but like it's not a knock on him.


I Jalen Bronson, I feel the same way. It's like he's a star superstar. Has to be like one of the, like, everyone knows who that person is. If You're a star in New York though, that gives you a little extra bump though. Yeah, That's true. I listen. Some people have Superstar threshold is different than mine. Which underst I Don't know if I put Luke in there just yet. He, I think he was superstar. I think he's A superstar. I think he was And now He's not. Now he is not. He's he Got taken outta superstar. Yeah. He's like one of those stars that's about to engulf the Planet Earth Edwards son is is right there. He's like the sun in 40 billion years when it swallows Mark Ton. I have Like Pacers. I have like SGA Tatum Brunson, Anthony Edwards, like right there.


Okay. I mean we'll just keep, keep, we'll just have to keep winning championships and, and see how you, you know, move this take back. Well no, my superstar take Well what about Keep winning championships when you've only won won? Well we've won won Keep. But you can't. But Keep winning. Keep winning makes say we just won, won an assumption that you are. So if We win again, keep winning, Winning continuously winning championships Max, you think? Yes you have. You are not continuously Winning. We are the current champions and if we win another one, that would means we kept winning. You are Losing the series. No, No. Max, are we going to Lose the series? No you're not. So then, Okay, so don't do that. Save it Max. Not, and be and Tatu are the same player. Their fourth quarter numbers are exactly the same.


Their their offensive rating is exactly the same. And beads and beads. Better defensive rating. He has a better plus minus per game. They're the same, they're the same playoff Player. It's just tough. Like they played in a game seven and Jason Tatum went off to beat the Sixers after coming back from three to two. Like, I, I will never understand this Argument. Oh, coming back from three to two. Oh my god. The most surprising thing in all fucking sports. Who's gonna forget the team that came back from three to two? I feel like he's being sarcastic right now. I I don't, I don't understand Like, I mean you just said that it was like, like it was the Red Sox meeting, the Yankees down three. Oh, well When we're talking about head to head comparisons, usually having Like, But the way you just said that was like, was like Yankees, red Sox three Just wait.


Tills come back from being down too Like that. Oh my God. It Showed something. Max, you just, do you root against every superstar in the playoffs so that you can say like, Ed's actually better than that guy? No, just the so-called superstar of the Bo Boston Celtics. Okay. Okay. Shout out stat. Whole sports. He's the best. Yeah, We have, wait, so these are the stat hole sports. He has all these numbers up here. Yeah, these are what he, he sent me two two things. One of them is just like overall and then the other one is actually bizarre. It's like they're fourth quarter numbers. So He's better, better at offense and better defense. Got It. No wrong defense. It's better, it's better to have a lower number. Okay, max, you know what any of these numbers are that we're looking at?


Yeah. I don't know. One is one. 10.2 to 1 0 8 0.3. What goes into player Rating? Yeah, I need to know. I Don't know what goes into war. Some guns. No, we didn't bring up war. But that's what I'm saying. You don't it, it's important. Okay. Don't know what goes into it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. But, but this also, this also has, Tatum is better than Ed in both numbers. Wrong. He, the, the defense. It's better to have, he, he explained this to me 'cause I was confused as well. Defense, it's better to have a lower number. What? That is crazy. Max said to it is, yeah, it didn't schedule like a Zoom call with him. That's, so that's he said, so he could explain each number and why it's better. I mean it makes sense. So it's better to be higher off at lowered.


Correct. Actually that does make sense. That does make sense. Alright. Okay. Wanna talk about some other games? Do you think they're gonna continue to cheer? These are the Official Robinson The fourth quarter By the way. We'll put, we'll put all these numbers up in the, in the YouTube. Yes. Good. We're not gonna, we're we're not gonna get into it. Can't wait to See it. Crazy. Literally the same percentage. What, what do they say player shooter shots made in the final five minutes. That's clutch time baby Of a five point game or less. They have the exact same percentage. Okay. Wow. Okay. 0.348. Same player. Same guy. But I mean that's, I Hate how you're turning this into a pure numbers argument. Matt Also, doesn't that mean, does that mean they just, you're Not a numbers guy. Don't, don't cosplay as a numbers guy.


That was, that was the whole point of this argument. You're A trenches guy. You're not a numbers. Remember when Hank did this ar this numbers thing with us. You with numbers does Not, I'm not numbers guy. I guess when he did the Thunder Celtics, he did this exact same thing. You, You guys have twisted that argument and words that I've said in into a place. I can't even begin to come back from Max PF T's. Right. You're not a numbers guy. That would be like Hank dressing nice on a regular day. Like you, you're not a numbers guy. Yeah. You look really weird. He's not A numbers guy. You're an emotions guy. Max. Yeah. Yeah. You're, you're a fucking go with your feeling. You're a facing vinegar guy. You're A gut guy. Yeah. Yeah. You're meatball. Yeah. You are a literal meatball.


There's no numbers to meatballs. Yeah. I it's, it's good. They're good. If you're gonna be a numbers guy, you gotta go all in. You gotta start wearing khakis and wear glasses and shit. The little Umbrella. The Yeah. Steve Kernay shit. Yeah. You're not just stop being a numbers guy for me. Yeah. Alright, let's talk about Tim Roll's Warriors because Steph is still not playing and the Warriors are very difficult to watch. Yeah. Very, very tough watch Without 'em, they are very different. They, they were leading at half without making a three. I mean credit to Jimmy Butler and Domingo for keeping this game close. But this was, this game was Julius Randall. Julius Randall has been so good for, he's their most consistent player like the I Anthony Edwards. I know, I think he had 36 and Anthony Edwards obviously has a higher ceiling and all that stuff.


Julius Randall's in these playoffs has been Mr. Consistency and it's crazy to watch him like make the right pass instead of doing his old school spin move where he spins to no one being all over the boards. Like just he, he's not forcing it. He's letting the game come to him. And it's, it's cool to watch a guy like find a good spot. It's probably gonna piss off Nick's fans to watch this. But he is Mr. Consistency and he was triple double in this game. Yeah. So actually Anthony Edwards gets better, the better Julius Randall gets too. Yeah. It's like a force multiplier because as dangerous as Edwards is, when he is dribbling the ball and he is attacking, he's about to just dunk through everybody. He's also that dangerous when he is moving without the ball.


If he has somebody that can get it to him in the right place. Yep. And that's Julius Randall right now who's softening up the, like just bearing his his shoulders into people's solar plexes backing him down and then finding Anthony Edwards cutting. It does. They are fun to watch when they do that. And credit to the Golden State Warriors because they played some good defense. They're really good defensively. They mucked it up. They, they have to get like real dirty and chippy and nasty with it, which they did in the first half. And then it was just too much at the, at the end. They couldn't get a shot when they needed a shot. And the, the highlight of the fourth quarter was a guy in the stands that looked very similar to Mike Dunleavy making out with a woman as Jimmy Butler was on camera. Yes. I don't think that was actually him.


No, But It's fun to pretend that it was. I agree. Also the highlight of this game was Draymond Green knowing the spread and telling his guys to cover the spread. Yeah. Five and a half. Now was he telling his guys or was he telling the other team, like what's the spread? Five and a a half? Yeah, we got this just watch, I think it was coming out of a huddle and he, 'cause Draymond Green had fouled out of the game. I dunno if you can find the clip. Max. He, max is, max does a funny thing after he goes toe to toe with Hank. He just kind of sits back and like stops. Takes like a timeout. Mental timeout being like, yeah, I was processing, replaying everything in his head. It's like he thinks about what he said, the show Is Still going. People are gonna get upset about this. No, I can't believe I said that. It was just No, that was good.


Cant believe I tried to do math. He just didn't have his hands anywhere near his computer there when we started Bringing up, I shouldn't just brought up the thing about keep winning. Yeah, Yeah. You might be right. It might be again, might be telling the Wolves. Yeah. I think he was telling Nas Reed. Yeah, that's what it looks like. He was, was that Nas? I think so. Five and a half. Yeah, he's like five and a half. Yeah. Watch this. Yeah, we got this. And I also like that people were like, Then they make the three, This is rigged. There was 15 seconds left. The Warriors were gonna try to score. Yeah, I don't, you can't rig It'd be one thing if it was they were up, if it was, you know, the wolves had said five and a half and they're like, Hey, let the Warriors score here.


Right. So they could cover Or if Nas had looked at 'em and been like, yeah, okay. Got it. Five and a half. Yeah. And then told us teammates like, Hey, like don't play defense. Don't Play defense. Yeah. Which they might not have been playing that tough defense because the game was outta hand at that point. Correct. And they're just like, don't foul. Right, right. But it is funny to see. It looks, I, I haven't seen anybody suggest anything else besides him saying that it was five and a half there. Yeah. And what else could the fo and a Half? No it was absolutely five and a half. Yeah. I'm just happy that we keep doing the awu, the Awu tweet. I, I would like to see Steph Curry playing this game. I don't really wanna see Gary Peyton and Gary Peyton Jr. Or the second, sorry. And Zeki just like miss a million shots.


That was Steph Bunny Hill's actually been like decent. Yeah, he's not, I you can't expect much more from what Buddy Hill has given. No, you can't expect He's, he's we're at Max Buddy Hill. You can't expect much more from this team. No. Like it's, it's Jimmy Butler basically making incredible footwork plays in one-on-one basketball and then shooting it over Rudy Gobert who does affect every shot. And you're hoping that all of them go in and then maybe you have a chance Your Yeah. Your prayer is to get a Jimmy Butler 50 point game and Kaga Kaga did have his 30 point game. So that was, it's tough that it came at a loss. I I don't see them winning another game without Steph. But it could happen if J but does the J but thing. Yeah. And yeah, I I I just, wolves are fun.


Julius Randall fun. I like, I like watching The Wolves and I like watching, I mean Anthony Edwards, that Donkey had who, and also, you know what, you know what I'm rooting for Mike Conley, of course. I like Mike Conley a lot. Of course. Good guy. And He adds like a a like he had, I think it was like late in the game, I watched all these games on re I saved them on YouTube TV and watched 'em on my flight back. It was like towards the end of the game where he was just playing really good defense. It was like Mike Conley. I fucking like that. That that's The dad in you. I had to dad Dads love Mike Conley. Oh, that thought meant the recording. 'cause that also is what my dad Does. Recording. No, that too. But like Dads love Mike Conley. Oh yeah. He's, he's the perfect guy for a dad to watch and be like, that's why they can win the championship is because Of the guy like that.


I like Mike Conley. Yeah. Shout out Mike Conley. He does do all The little things. Yeah. Alright. Nuggets Thunder has been a weird series two two since we last recorded though. We had the overtime game on Friday night where I, I don't want to like reduce playoff basketball into one simple thing, but I think in this game you can, where it simply was the Denver Nuggets are former champions and the Oklahoma City team Thunder, our young team. And it was like, find a way to win and the Nuggets could do it and the Thunder were like, Hey, let's just have SGA go one on five and hope it works well. Yeah. I think this whole series just in general, I guess with the exception of the blowout in game too, but there've been a lot of instances where like small coaching decisions, small like mental errors have just tilted the games in one direction or the other.


And Aaron Gordon just being the man Aaron, Mr. Nugget, he Is so awesome Man. Gimme five. Aaron Gordons, did You know that he built a court in his house this summer Yeah. And worked on his shot all summer. Well it shows. Yeah. And he loves, like, he loves stepping back and taking those threes now. Yeah. He's kinda stepped into that was his role right now is kind of what Porter was doing last year. Yeah. And the year before. And also Michael Porter Jr. Is playing with an entire ice pack on his Shoulder. Yeah. One arm at all times. One arm just not working yet. Yeah. But so Friday night the nuggets have a huge win. It's like, all right, if they can somehow win on Sunday, this series could be over. And they, this game was horrific to watch The Nuggets scored eight points in the first quarter.


They were, the teams were combined one for 32 shooting at one point from three point to start the game. It felt like the Nuggets had this game or they at least were gonna have a chance to win this game and get to that pressure point of like, Hey, we're the team that's won a championship and Yoic missing those two free throws when it was 84 80. So Yoic has not been that good. Like he has, he looks the way he's hurt, he's well they're also beating the fuck outta him. The way he runs it looks like he like is in so much pain. Like he Just, that's kinda always how he looks Like. I know, but it's extra. He's like extra. Kinda like, I think today it stood out Slow and Because like, like Big Cat was saying, the fact that the nuggets have all the experience and the thunder is so young.


That's kind why the nuggets we're able to win on Friday night. I think that's why the Thunder we're able to win today. A little younger after like 35 hours off. Yeah. The Thunder just bounced back and the oldest guy in the Thunder is Alex Caruso. And the, the nuggets were, they looked like they didn't have any legs at all in the first quarter. I, And Now they did come back to a point where they, I think taken the lead on this shot, if not tied it, where Russ had the wide open three and just air mailed it. That Was did the Rus shot? That was, I feel like he missed he wide, there was like a few moments in that fourth quarter where it's like, oh, here come the nuggets. Yeah. And there was, I, there was at least two that had come to mind of Russ having a wide open three and, and missing And air balling.


Yeah. Yeah. But he did make that great stop against SGA though. Yeah. When he was like, okay, we're gonna iso I'm gonna get inside of his shirt. And then I think the announcer said afterwards he was in his chest like bronchitis. Yep. Which is a great call. Great line. How, how long do you think he had that one cocked and ready to get? I That's the bar. But it I heard it. I was like, yeah, that's that's right. That's it. Nuggets are winning. That's true. Bronchitis. Yeah. But it was, I mean that those two I know it like, well it does come down. You gotta make your free throws and like, yo, it was kind of shocking to see Yoic missed those two free throws. And it's also we're having, we're having a, a competing war online of fan bases and, and posting replays of yoic flops and thunder.


Like beating the fuck outta Yoic and like which one's more egregious? There's complaints coming from all sides. Yeah. Because there was that clip that went viral the other night of, of Lou Dort just basically trying to wrestle Yoic and nothing getting called and then Yoic having flops and, and doing stuff and, and nothing getting called. I think they're just not calling anything ever. Yeah. Which I'm okay with. As long as they stay consistent. Yeah. Yeah. Lou Dort, Lou Dot does have a little bit of football player playing like pickup basketball with the basketball. He's Got some sharp elbow Elbows. Yeah. He can't hit a three right now too. And I'm a dor guy. I'm a DOR chamber guy. I love Lou. Do I think Yoic has some of that soccer mentality in him?


Yeah. Kind of grew up with that European style where it's like if you get touched, you have to sell it. I don't, I rarely see, and I'm sure that somebody's gonna send some examples of him doing like true flops, but I feel like most of the time he, somebody touches him and then he exaggerates the reaction to it. And I also Do think there's times where he just doesn't get the call. Yeah. Like, 'cause he's, it, it happened to Shaq famously of like, Shaq is so big they don't know how to, how to officiate him because he's so much bigger than everyone. Yeah. I mean the NBA got caught in a, like, it was a, a gap in the playbook or in the rule book where I think it was Caruso was defending against Yoic as he was going up for the layup and Caruso had his hand on his hip and then Yoic goes up for the layup and, and like flails his body a little bit.


They call the foul, then they challenge it and they look at it and they're like, clearly this is a foul that should not have been called in real time. But by the letter of the law, his hand was on his hip. So it is a foul. Even though we can all see that it's not, That was, I think that was the two free throws that he missed. It was, yeah. Yeah. So it was a ball Don't lie Moment. Big time ball don't lie. Yeah. Huge ball don't Lie. Ball don't lie for Caruso. Yeah. But it's, it's, it really is a clip war going on. Yeah. On both sides. And I'm just sitting here just enjoying it. I Think that, I think it was not an enjoyable basketball game I should say. No, It was not. No it was not at all. The first half sucked. There were so many ear balls. Yeah. Who do you think is gonna win this series? I think, I mean I do think Yoko's just gonna have another, like he's not gonna play.


And again, all in perspective, a bad Yoic game is when he's like 26 points, 12 rebounds. But he has to take like 20, 24 shots to do It. Yeah. What's the schedule? I think their next game is Tuesday. You're just going off legs. Just going off legs right now. Yeah. They played Tuesday, Thursday They don't get a day off then. Then Sunday if there's a game seven. So that would be the only time they get two days off. So so if you're going off legs, the nuggets have to win one of these next two and then they get a, a co a two days off before game seven. I So I'm gonna go nuggets. You're Gonna go nuggets. I think they can steal one thunder Dude. Thunders team's too stacked.


What? Are you mocking pft Right now? No, He's Mocking me. He felt mocking. He's mocking me. They won the most games in the league. They're the youngest team Guy for guy. Guy for guy. They're stacked. I was just trying to impart a little a a little awareness to you and a little, you know Yeah. Through you should be, you should be like thanking me For listen, listening. You're a little too cocky and you gotta be a little bit more humble. Like, I I was, that's what I did. I I took in the information like a sponge and now I'm giving it back and I'm getting mocked For it. Is that what sponges do? Yeah. They Absorb and back After we, after we ring you out. Yeah, yeah. Twist you up. The last series, the Pacers.


Holy shit. They kicked the fuck out of the calves tonight. I know the Cavs. So the Cavs won on Friday night. Donovan Mitchell was out of this world. That one highlight was so sick of him spin, moving and then readjusting in the air. But tonight was, it was Pacer ball. I think they had 25 assists in the first half. Insane. Insane. So at half Everyone shot They were shooting like 60%. It was crazy. They were moving the ball so well from three Halftime they were up 80 to 39. That's a 41 point halftime lead. I think that's tied for the biggest halftime lead in the history of the NBA playoffs. With who? Hank The Celtics. The Cleveland Cavaliers over the Celtics. Oh, in 2017.


Got it was, I think that was The game washer wallet. We might've been there. Yeah. Yeah. I think that was wallet Game. That was wallet where? Yeah, we, I left it, Kyrie went off, I left it in Cleveland. Or was that 20? That might have been 2017. That might've been 20. Was that not the first year of part of my take? I thought that might've been the first year. No, because they, because we weren't, I don't It was the Isaiah Thomas year. I think it was 2017 Eastern Conference finals I think. No, you Lost the game. Seven I think 2016. I think it was year one of part of my take. Nope. That I left it there. Nope. Machine gun Kelly performing at halftime. Yeah. No, it was 2017 for sure. Who could forget? Are you gonna let him just n you like that? I know, I I no trust. I trust Hank's memory of Yeah, I'm looking it up. Getting his ass kicked by LeBron.


Don't don't let him just n you like that. No, I mean if Hank says no, LeBron became my daddy in 2017, then I, I Believe him was 17. We were in that was the Yeah, 2016 was Cleveland, Toronto. Max. Max could be a massive thumbs up. I like that. That was good. Such A That was, no, that was good content. But yeah. So they were up 72 to 31. Yikes. You guys only scored 31 points in the first half against him. Yeah, that was Kyrie. Remember Kyrie scored like 18 points in a row. Yeah. 80 to, I was like, I've never seen anyone play basketball. 80 to 39 Is a rookie. Rookie. You almost beat them in game seven 80. 39 is a bigger 41 point leader beat than 72 30 beating Someone in game seven. That that's what we're that's what we're saying is Well it's also Eastern Commerce finals. So we know Joel and B can never say What you were gonna say Ken be That's A great accomplishment.


So we're gonna say you Guys should do a podcast together. Say what you're gonna say again. Scream at each other. I would listen to it. Absolutely. I would. No, I was saying 80 to 39 is a bigger 41 point halftime lead than 72 31. Yeah. Someone asked me and I said the, the only thing bigger than 80 39 would be 70 to 29. That's a huge leap. 72 31 does not even feel like 41 points. Yeah, but 70 to 29 is, that's massive. 70 29 is big because If you have a two in in seven that's crazy. 60 to 19. 60 To 19 is, I mean that's, that's a, that's not a NBA basketball game. That's a it's SEC football. No, I was gonna say that's a high school girls basketball. Like you know the first round of the, of the, of the tournament.


State tournament. Yeah. Or like the, the best team plays the worst team in 60 to 19. Also the NCAA women's tournament. Yeah. Yeah. Like Yukon against That is Yukon. Yeah. Against, I don't know Norfolk State. Yeah. Yukon against Kennesaw. Yeah. I like that Kennesaw poll. Yeah. I was on the tip of my tongue pace. Listen, I'm not gonna say this series is over because I do think the Cavs are gonna win the next game and then there's a little bit more pressure. But Charles Barkley thinks this series is over 'cause he said I'll see you all in indie next week. Saint Nomos. Get the steak ready. Well done filet mignon. Okay.


That is so disgusting. That is so disgusting. Also, I think he said filet minion. If That's also, if you're gonna say well done on any, any kind of steak. Listen, I'm, I'm never one to judge somebody based on how they order their steak or what is and it's not a temperature. You would never do that. Well done Plus. Yeah, well, well done. Filet mignon. That is quite literally a hockey Puck. Yeah. He loves hockey. He Does, he does love Hockey. Good point. I mean I do think the pace are gonna win this. I think they're better than the Cavs. I just think that the Cavs are gonna win game five. So there'll be a little bit of Is Donovan Mitch Mitchell? Okay. Oh yeah. Did he come back in? He Hurt himself at halftime Walking. What happens to the locker room? Stays in The locker team Is g Hank Yeah.


You, you, You, you've, you've been mocking me Like Danny, I like Pacer Dan. No, I Just Was Luca Dan last year, year Don't get any. They don't get any Dan this Year. Respect. They don't get any respect. You're Right. And you're giving it to 'em a lot. You're not I'm not At all. The Thing we've learned the most in these playoffs is that any team is capable of turning into a giant ass in any given half. Yeah. Every team has had a a suck ass half. Yeah. Big time. Big time. And the Pacers had a whoop ass half at the same time as the Cal's suck Ass hat had had their suck ass hat. Yeah, It was, it was poor timing. Wait, did Don Mitchell come back in the game? I don't think he did 'cause he only played 20 minutes. That's not good.


I, ill, I'll be honest, I tuned out the second half 'cause I was like, the Pacers are just so much better. So do will return game after suffering an ankle injury. Okay. I take that back. The Pacers are gonna win this series maybe in five, I think in five. So if we just going off vibes And I think I predicted Cavs in five or six, so I was very wrong about that. But yeah, Pacers, they gotta get, they gotta go back to the old logo for the fucking Eastern Conference final. I Agree. Like If the Pacers play the Knicks or the Celtics, that's, that's like big ti Like you have to, you have to Go over because you're gonna be playing a team with a classic logo. Correct. And you can't be, you Have to fight fire with fire. You can't be, you can't be the Indiana heat, which is what they've been wearing.


I agree. It'd be bad looks. So just based on vibes, the Celtics Nick series, it's one to two. We, we all agree it feels like Celtics are up three to one. Is that fair? I would say Does it feel like two Two? It Feels like three and a half to one and a half. Three and a half to one and a half Celtics. Yeah. Okay. I Don't know why that, that doesn't make any sense. Timberwolves Up two one on Golden State. But Wait, hold on. That Feels like three and a half. Let me explain why. I think it's three and a half. One and a half. Okay. I feel like the Celtics are one half of basketball away from the Knicks being like, all right, we quit. Yeah. Like if they come out and they just absolutely demo, I think the Knicks would be like, that was, this is not fun. Okay. The, the T Wolves Warriors, it's two to one right now for the T Wolves.


I feel like that's two and a half to half a game. It might be three and a half to half a game Without Steph. Without Steph. Yeah. But if it's two and a half to half, then they have a better chance of getting Steph back at some point. Yeah. Because otherwise you just added Yeah. Another game and then Nuggets thunder. That, that one to me feels like it's, I think it's correct score. You think so? I think it's two Two. It feels like three One thunder right now. No, I think it's two. Two. 'cause I think it's, they, the way the Nuggets have won their two games has been very like we're a team that knows how to do this whereas the thunder cannot. I know that it was like crazy game one obviously, but like the championship medal of the nuggets.


DNA Championship DNA deserves two wins in This game. Okay. We can go two. Two. Yeah. It does feel it's close to two. Two. Yeah. And then Pacers ca I, I'll, I'll, I I'll go two and two and a quarter to one. 1.75. Okay, we'll roll with that then. Then. Pacers calves. I feel like it's four nothing. Pacers, I think it's 5 1 4. Nothing. Pacers is what I have it at Five one. Hank, do you agree with all these advanced metrics? Yeah, dude. The filet mignon. Well done. Hmm, Man. Hank, what if At St. Elmo's, Do you think that there's, there's anything to Joe Missoula being really fucking happy that he was down oh two. I think it's just a sign of being a great coach. It it instills confidence in the team when you, you got someone that likes to be in those situations to, you know, inspire your players.


He likes to be drowning so he can swim to shore. Yeah. Yeah. He wants to choke himself out. Right. And if you're a player that's like, all right, we know what to do. That would be funny if, if the Knicks like somehow won Monday night and then Joe Missoula came out game five with just a, like a belt around his neck just tightening it a little bit more. A Ball gagging. Yeah. Just needs his dressing in leather. What happens if the Knicks do win Monday night? Max let, but what happens? Let me ask you a question first. Do you think the Knicks Are gonna win Monday night? They're play it on Wednesday. They, they can. If The Knicks win Monday night, I'll tell you what's gonna happen. If the Knicks can win Monday night, I think the Celtics will 100% win game five. And then it will be just pressure cooker.


Two games, two game series. That's what if the Knicks can win Monday night. Do you agree with that? Yeah. Yeah. No. Monday night's their only shot. Yeah. But I mean if the Knicks win Monday, I don't think the Celtics, they can't come back from down three to two. That would be One three. One three to one. Yeah, you're right. Yeah. Actually the Knicks have to win Monday night because the only thing you don't want to do is have a three, two lead on the Celtics. Correct. His Tatum will. You can't Have that. Tatum will explode. Tatum will fucking Go nuts. You're gonna Be rooting. I love this Max. I love and it's also partially like it's to have back max. It's a good mix of your, your absolute hatred for Hank. Not, well It makes Me feel better When Max but also Villanova Mix. It's Like I know we're in a good spot. We got a Pope Max.


But here's the thing, like this is after we got a Pope. Good, good point. We do have Pope. Here's the thing, max, this is not the series. I think, like I know the first two games happened, the Knicks kind of had to win Saturday. Yeah. But the, like, They weirdly had to go up 3.0 'cause it just, what happened on Saturday? Like what's, what's more, what, what can you replicate more? The Celtics have had a 20 point lead in all three games. I know, but Nixon six. Right. So all I'm saying is don't put all your eggs in this basket for this series.


I know, but the, I can't wait till the finals I got, I got like Pacers. No, I can't have the Pacers. The Pacers are so boring. Look At it. No, they're the opposite of boring. That's No, But but you don't watch Ball. They're the opposite of Boring. But I'm saying I like media wise, they're boring. You're Saying? Oh wow. You're saying you're ESPN exec? Yeah. John Skipper over here. You're Saying no, but I'm saying you're just saying that saying I have the Nova like ties to the Knicks. Like there's at least something there. You're Just saying that you don't watch the Pacers. So, and you don't like that they're in Indiana? Yeah. Traditionally you're saying traditionally Yes. They're boring. Yeah. Traditionally they're boring. Yes. I, I will give you that. Rick Smith Smith doesn't do anything for you. Trust me. As soon as it, it becomes Pacers sees, I'm all aboard the, the Peas train.


But We gotta get him a Rick Smith's jersey. Yeah. Oh, we get him a Ron Artes. Yeah, I just needed some juice. I just needed some juice and, and like on Monday night? Yeah, Monday night. Okay. Should we talk some hockey PFT? Yeah. Are you in trouble? I think we might be in trouble. I might also wake up. Swear. Yeah. And get, he picks up his phone. I was checking one thing, I was looking at the scores. We were talking on Thursday night, like night before, before we recorded. 'cause you guys were out. So it was just me and PFT and memes on the Zoom. And I was just like, it's crazy that Hank just doesn't like he, because he doesn't watch hockey. He can't just reverse everything that PFT trolls Hank with.


Like, I watched, he's going through, I Watched all these games, But you know, he's going through like he's down to one. The difference between me and PT is I like PFT and I root for his teams. I want the capitals to do well. Do You how? Okay, so what do you think we have to do, Hank, to turn the series around? Well, I don't know. Hockey. You need to score more goals. You need to fucking get some Russian gas in them and, and, and fire the boys up. The hurricanes are are are Annoying. They're so annoying. They're so annoying. So annoying. And it's, and I say that as an escape guy. And listen, yeah, we're, we're both big time escape guys on this podcast. But they're annoying. But I mean that, and it's almost like a compliment because they're a good team. Oh yeah.


Good team. Annoying. Winning. Annoying is a good thing. You want Your, you Want Yeah. Your opponents to, to say that you're annoying. Yeah. Ovy has not played that great. This series. He had a, a couple solid looks in the first period, but there is like, it's crept in my head. I'm having some dark thoughts I'm trying to pull myself out of, but I go through this with all of my teams. It doesn't matter. I, I always expect the worst to happen. Ovie seems like he, he's hit that wall at the end of the season. 'cause he's so fucking old. We saw it last year in the playoffs against the Rangers. And the same type of energy level. Body language is what I'm seeing from Ovie in this. He needs a Russian Gas. He needs Hank's. Right? He knows Puck. He too worried about the, the record.


Not worried enough about saving himself for the playoffs. Mm. No. They had a, they had a great season. They go, Hank, get going. They were first in the East Hank, he had a great season. But would you have rather had a, should He have, do you want your team to save itself for the playoffs If you're old and you need rest? Yeah. Yeah. That's a fair point. You got, you got him there. I just, he does, he doesn't seem to have any, any of that juice. And I don't know, I, I hope that he proves me wrong and he comes out next game. But when They were playing shots, nobody's in March, he was buzzing around scoring two goals a night. Well, don't talk about the Blackhawks in the Islanders that way. I'm just saying I think Tom Wilson is, is really the only guy that has been consistently great for us.


And if you watched on, I think it was Friday night that they, no, sorry. No, Saturday, Saturday, Saturday. During the day they played, Tom Wilson had a fantastic game on Thursday too. Like Tom has been the best player on the ice when he is out there. And he's so fun to watch. And everybody that doesn't have a Tom Wilson, they hate Tom Wilson. But if you have a Tom Wilson, you fucking love the guy. He played great on Saturday again too. The goaltending was better, but then at the end it just, he was a ga. So what are You, the game, you what, what's the fix you got? Is this a must win? It's, yeah, so can't lose. I think the, the mistake was, I, I said I was going to announce on sa on Saturday morning if it was a must win. I forgot to announce if it was a must win game. Oh no. Big, big mistake.


Mistake on my part. That's A user mistake. This is a must win. Monday is a must win. Okay. And we're one and one and must win games. I postseason. Okay. So it's 50 50. It's a must win. If you don't win on Monday, Thursday becomes a can't lose. Thursday becomes a must. Not even, You can't lose. Yeah. Don't must not entertain the thought of losing. Yeah, because I don't, what I'm worried about now is going to the game on Thursday and then having the season closed outta my face. Right? Oh no. Yeah. It'd be tough. That would be bad. But yeah. Hank, any other advice? 'cause you're right on the money when you say that we need some Russian gas. Send some, send Ovie all the Russian gas. 'cause he needs it. And it's Caroline, like we, we need leaves caps.


We do need leaf caps. We can't have Carolina fucking Florida. No. No, we can't. Why not? They shoot so much. 'cause then I, I just don't, then you got nothing. You, You lose me. You, Yeah. And right now you're Locked in. Can't lose. You lose Henry. Gary Beckman. We cannot lose Hank You lose Henry locker. Hank is the face of the casual hockey fan. And you, you will, the ratings will go down the toilet. We cannot lose Hank. We also had a buzzer beater on Saturday night. That was sick. Insane. Insane. Do we wanna debate how it could actually be a buzzer beater with time still on the clock? I was joking. No, we don't, we don't. It was, there was point Why There, there was 0.4 seconds left on the clock.


There were, so I don't know what Skinner was doing in that moment. I don't know. Hockey, I'm not an expert, but it feels like the goalie's job there is to put their leg firmly on the post and make sure nothing gets by him in that angle. And he comes so far out and I, I mean I, it was crazy. It Was own goal too. What? Yeah. His Own goal. Yeah. Dry cidal. I mean, he was trying to make a play. It just kind of got stuck there. But that was nuts. It was crazy How the camera inside of the goal made it look like it bounced off the post. Yeah. In real time. And then they had to go back and look. Well, the announcers the announcers were like, They Didn't know. They had no idea. Yeah. And then some of the guys on, they were celebrating on the ice and then they looked at the review and very clearly was a goal, but still weird that it was able to like, bounce out like that.


What happened was on that play, it was the shot fake that. Yeah. That drew the goalie out because, But still, you have to know time and place in The goalie's head. He is like, oh, there's one second left. Surely he's going to right rip the slap shot and not take, you know, not, not try to skate around to the side and get, get on the side of the crease. So in his mind he's like, this is their final chance. I have to come out, make the angle as smallest as possible. I, and, and maybe hockey people will tell me I'm way off. But it just, that it does seem as simple as like, you have to have your, you have to have the post there. But that's understandable what PF T's saying is like, he was trying to stop the slap shots. I under, he assumed that's the last shot of the Game. The last shot. He came so far out. It was a great fake shot.


No, but he, but he could've, he didn't have to. He came Out the great angle. He comes out of the camera. He Came out of the crease. Like he came too far out before the fake. Like he was just out of position like right there. That that's fine. But then like you have to get back. He's so far out of the Yeah, that's a crazy, that's just crazy. I don't know how that, I mean, and, and, and listen, the Oilers are up to one, but that's the type of game that's like you had or you didn't have, but you just can't lose like that. Yeah. Whitney must have been just Oh, oh, he was, He was, oh, Twitter spaces was Buried.


Sad, but Very Funny. It's been a sad couple days for the boys. Yeah. So Biz Biz, I, biz Biz is a great looking guy. He dresses sharp on t and t. And then I, I was watching the coverage on Friday and he looked like a used car salesman. Like he, he didn't shave. He looked like he woke up late, didn't have time to shower His, his suit. I disavow all these comments. His suit was in his car and he just threw it on. No, I don't know. I So now You're the judge of Aura. He did it. Wait, So you're judging everyone's fashion today? I'm not judging. Are You Fashionist? I'm, I'm, I'm assuming bi. It's like a bit that he's doing. 'cause it's like, he usually dresses very sharp. Like he didn't even shave or anything. Like he, it was, I think it's an intentional thing that he is doing like a playoff beard or, or I don't know.


Because he wore, wore the same outfit again tonight. I think he looks great. Well, Piz is just a good looking Guy. He is. He's one of those guys that's so handsome that when he dresses poorly on purpose, it makes him look even better. Yeah. The the, the Leafs had no chance tonight because Yans hit the drum. He was the, And we gotta get Ys on. He hit the drum for the Panthers. That was it. And He banged the Biz idiot shirt. Yeah. Which is a great shirt. Yeah. So that, that was, and and it did feel, 'cause what game when was game three was Friday, Friday night. Marshan in the, in ot. That was where the Leafs, if they could have won that game.


Yeah. Found a way to win that game. Then it's like, all right, you should not fully leaf this. And I'm not saying they've leafed it yet, because his home team has won both games and it's been very competitive. But now the, the, it gets a little tighter for the Leafs and there's a little bit chippiness. Oh yeah. Max Domi with the crosscheck on bar time expired and now it looks like they, they hate each other. Which I like. That Was a bad crosscheck. So Here, here's what I'll say is this series has juice. Yeah. This, this series is fun to watch. Big Time Juice As Hank as a casual hockey watcher and Enjoyer, the Caps Kane series. Is there any juice there at all? No. No juice in it. No. I need something exciting. What scares me about this, this matchup too is it seems, it feels like the hurricanes get as many chances shorthanded as the caps do on the power play.


The canes get. So they are always looking to break out, which makes you nervous when you're on the power play. It's a very uncomfortable team to play against. Yeah. Last series. I just, my only thing is the Jets aren't gonna win this series. 'cause hella buck on the road stinks. Yeah. He gave up five goals. He's just not good on the road. Do they bench him? They did not bench him. But they should bench Him. Yeah. 'cause he's not good on the road. And the stars are really good. Ranton is continuing to stay on fire. I think he had a Goal. A and a goal. He had a, He had two assists and a goal. Yeah. He's just, he's in the zone. We gotta get ants off. We gotta talk. Talk about that. And Dallas. Dallas, Dallas does look like a confirmed good hockey town too.


Yeah. I like the, the green bracelet that they handout to everybody. Yeah. It feels kinda like you're in a strip club And this is one of those situations. I know this is stupid to, to judge your sports this way, but I do like the Stars fans had to deal with Luca being traded. Right. And the Cowboys like, I'm not gonna, if I'm gonna root for any Dallas sports success, it would be the stars. What about the rangers? Rangers don't really care. It was kind of cool when they won the series. Yeah, It was. But I'm just saying like, I don't Yeah. Would they Play against in the series They played against, Was that the Diamondbacks? Yes. Yeah. That was when Thes backs beat the Phillies. Choked. Yeah. And gave up a three lead in the NLCS.


That's crazy That the Diamondbacks were in the World Series 3 1, 1. Dude who cares? That happens all the time. Not at the bank. Those are Those just not the same. Whatever. I don't, why am I defending that? But Wait what? I mean Hank just tried to compare three one to 3.2. Like they're the same thing. Three One though. But that's what Three one is bad, Really bad at the bank. Corrects C environment. That was match overalls. Two bombs Tonight. I Look, I did see that. Kyle Schwarber. Sneaky. MVP. Yeah. Yeah. Start playing people start talking about it. Home runs. Media should start talking about it. National Sports Podcast. National Sports Podcast. Start talking about it. Kyle Schwarber. MVP leading the league in home runs. Just something to think about.


Just something to think about. You guys wanna talk a little football? 'cause I got a couple things. Yeah. I got, I got one thing. Yeah. Derek Carr retired. He did retire. Yeah. So I, I tweeted out that I, I'm gonna be sad and I understand people. The, the majority of the reaction was like, dude, who cares if he's on your team? You don't like him. Like he's, he's just good enough to just piss you off. One. We're a little biased because we actually enjoyed our interview with Derek Carr. Very much. Two Derek Carr is in that camp. He's like a, he's like a, a half a version of Philip Rivers. Do you know what I mean? Like he's, you know what you're getting from Derek Carr and he will provide you with some funny moments. And, and that is worth something to me, A guy that's been around that long.


Yeah. And that is consistent. Yeah. There's there's value in that. Right. As an NFL fan. And He'll do, like, he'll make a weird face. He'll have the mascara, he'll throw a funny interception. He'll also throw like a, a perfect drop it in a bucket touchdown. He'll like dive into a guy when it's, he's scrambling for a first down and it's like third and 12. Yeah. And he's gotten seven yards and he'll just dive into a guy and get injured. He'll Cover a spread against the chiefs and He'll really try to get you that, that first down, that was impossible to get. So I'm gonna miss him. And he did have that stretch of his from like, I think it was 20 14, 15, 16. He was good. He was good. And it's just, I I also wonder is he fully retired?


I don't know. So he's, or is He just trying to not play on the Saints? I think he's just trying to not have surgery. Okay. Okay. He's just avoiding surgery at any cost. Which is very relatable. I I also think this helps the saints because he's, I saw he was taking his bonus this year. Okay. But it's, it's going to help them overall in the cap. You Would've liked to probably know this. Well, I was gonna say he would've liked to known you drafted a quarterback before the draft, but you drafted a quarterback anyways. Yeah. Maybe you would've liked to know this before a free agency. Yeah. That's the one thing you can say. But you're, Hey, if you're looking for a Derek Carr replacement, Atlanta's got a perfectly good Derek Carr replacement. True. Just sitting on the bench. That's true. Maybe the most Derek Carr replacement that there is.


Kirk Hudson is a little better than Derek car, but Yes, I agree. But he's like the Yeah, he is, he's an upgrade. Yeah. Like, like finely tuned. Yeah. Derek Carr. Yeah. If he's, if he's healthy, he is waiting in Atlanta. I would agree. Pick Up the phone. I would agree. Although they probably wouldn't trade him in the division, would they? Definitely not to the Saints. I think they maybe would really? I I feel like the hatred between the Falcons and the Saints is high enough where you're just, you're not gonna do a deal. Are you though, For starting quarterback? So I agree on paper what you're saying. Do you think the Falcons are scared of Kirk Cousins? Hmm. If they do trade 'em, that tells you a lot. Right? How about that one? That's what I'm Thinking. That's the take You Gotta go with. I think there could be a chance that that phone gets picked up.


'cause they're like, Hey, he's not gonna hurt Us. I think that they are, they might be afraid of a cousin scorned. I would be like a Kirk Cousin's revenge tour. I think Kirk Cousins still has a couple moments left. Oh, for sure. I mean yeah. If he's healthy. Yeah. But yeah, I'm, I'm gonna be sad. Derek Card was like a dependable guy we can joke about. Yep. And so when you lose one, don't you agree he's like 40% of a Philip Rivers? Yeah. I mean he was never as as hilarious as Philip. No, no, no. 40% in play and in hilarity. Yeah. And, and he was a guy that he played for some very dysfunctional front offices. Yep. And he was pretty cool about it. He didn't really say anything publicly. Oh. He seems like a, he had like every opportunity to do that.


But you could see it the way that he, he wore it on his face and shoulders during games. Some of those Raiders games, he'd come to the sideline and you would almost feel bad for Derek Carr. Yeah. Alright. What was your story? I was gonna say big story. It's schedule release week. Yeah. This week. Yeah. And it is truly a week long event. Big Cat. Yep. Because even though we found out when the scheduled release was gonna be during the scheduled release release during the NFL draft, it appears that they're trickling out some of the games for us. Okay. So on Monday we're gonna get at least one game on the Today Show that they're going to announce. Oh Hell yes. We know, we know Chief's Chargers on Fox. I saw the leak. We're gonna get one on, I saw the leak of Commander's Dolphins in Spain.


Is that real? That's, I I I just saw the leak. I I heard that. Vamos Vamos Nia in Barcelona. Yeah. And Barcelona. Jayden Danielo. They Oh, congrats. Barcelona one today. Remember? Yeah. Fuck that. How, how they, my friend texted me, he is like, we're back on Barcelona today. Right. I was like, how are they? The Champions League isn't even over. What league is this? I wish they did the, I I'm gonna say I, I don't like how they're doing. Cancel Barcelona. Cancel bar. PFTI don't like that they're, they're slowly trickling out the schedule. I would prefer if the NFL instead of telling us when the schedule comes, just one day we wake up and they hit us with The schedule. A surprise schedule. Yeah. 'cause then you wouldn't have leaks. So it is in Madrid. That's the leak.


Okay. I should go there with Frank. So it's a week now. I just want the schedule. So yeah, we're gonna get another game on Fox on Monday. We're gonna get a Prime video announcement on Monday. That's today as the show comes out. Then Tuesday on Good Morning America, we'll get another one. And then Wednesday at, on CBS and Netflix, they'll be announcing some of them. Alright, so we have a new goal on Netflix. We need to someday, oh, the Netflix. Sorry. The Netflix game is going to be, We need to someday have the NFL respect us so much that we get to release a game. One game Titan one game Titan's Jaguars Game. I'll take the worst game you Got. Give us a Titans Jaguars game and we'll release it.


Alright. So when is the, the actual releases? Wednesday? I believe so. Okay. So on Friday's show, when we tape on Thursday, we'll do a, a Mount Rushmore of games of the 2025 season. Yeah, I like that Max Max is not a schedule release guy. He hates the schedule release. Max doesn't like football, but He doesn't, you know Who you play. You fail to understand Max. You Don't, it's No, but it's how mine up to Yeah. The schedule, the schedule release is for fans to look at and get really fucking mad that the league screwed him over because they have to play like three road games in December and You get to go win loss, win loss all the way down the list. Yeah. But you, you, You know who you play where you play them.


No, but it's all 'cause No, 'cause when you do the actual schedule, if you're like, you can't, you know, when you're, it's all art to it where it's like if you do three wins in a row, you're gonna have to throw a loss in there And you got, you get to complain because if you're like the Niners, oh, we have to play two East Coast games in a row. I wonder if we're gonna stay at the Greenbrier. This is A thing for shitty teams to get excited about. Yep. Thank You Hank. Yeah. Max. You Hank and our back. Max. You just have to keep winning, right? Oh, right, max. I didn't, I did not say we had to keep winning playing. You don't know When you're gonna wanna play. Like, I want to know when the Bears are playing. Like Thursday and Monday night games we're Gonna have, every one of our games are gonna be prime time. I bet you you won't.


Okay. Maybe not That Every single one we'll probably have Max you do play opening day, right? Thursday night? Probably Kick kick the season off. Not usually the Super Bowl winner does. I think. I think they might do it. I think it might be me and you. Opening night. PFT how, on a scale of one to I'm gonna be one to this is bullshit and disrespectful. What if it was Eagles Cowboys? They might do that. Yeah. Would that be bullshit and disrespectful? No, I don't wanna play opening night. Oh, okay. Yeah. Opening night would be fun for the show. It would be great for the show. Great For the show. I think there's a good chance it's, it's the Cowboys just because it's no, I it's the Dallas Cowboys.


I think Commanders makes more sense just off of Jayden. Daniel's like cowboys are a bummer. Yeah. But they're the Cowboys. They are the Cowboys. But then, you know. No, now that I'm saying it, they'll it'll be the Commanders 'cause they'll save the Cowboys for Sunday night football. Yeah. You know what I mean? They, they'll they'll just hit that button. What are you looking up Max? We play The Chiefs again. They could just run that back. Lions. They could do Play the bears. Yeah. I think maybe, maybe the Lions. Oh yeah. Lions could make sense. Alright. My other NFL news was, I just love this part of the season, the mini camp season where every draft pick looks awesome.


You have guys, you know, tackles getting into their set, not blocking anyone. Everyone's like, look at, look at them. Move their feet. Yep. You have stretches. Even like look how, look how deep he gets in that lunge. I watched a clip of Abdul Carter doing drill work. Everyone's like, look at this speed. It's fucking insane. He should be wearing number 56. Yeah. We have QBs with, you know, no pass rush. Throwing the ball. Shado Sanders out there throwing the ball. Shado Sanders being the last one off the practice field. Last one off the practice field. But my favorite thing from this week of mini camps where everyone is in love with every pick and everyone looks awesome. And this is how sports should work.


Like you should have maximum excitement. Brian DaBell is, this was a quote from Jay Fowler, ESPN. Brian DaBell is really excited about this guy talking about Jackson Dart. More excited about him than really any other quarterback since Josh Allen that he's worked with. So, just so we're clear, Brian Abel is more excited about Jackson Dart than he was to work with Daniel Jones. Davis Webb, drew Locke, Tommy DeVito and Tyro Taylor and Jamus. Well he, yeah, I guess he has a, they they, he's working with both of 'em right now. And Russell, I definitely Russell more excited to work with.


Yeah. I mean I don than Russell the guys. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But yeah. But yeah, the, the List that he's had in the past, I guess year one, Daniel Jones. He was probably a little bit excited about that. Maybe a little excited. But you gotta be excited. Fresh, fresh lump of clay. Yeah. To mold into what you want him to be. Yeah. The, we didn't Draft Daniel Jones right? Did He? No. So he inherited Daniel Jones. Yeah. But he's more excited. So Obviously the person he is excited to Yes. Correct person that he draft. And also he's more excited about Jackson Art than a list of shitty quarterbacks that he actually no disrespected Tommy. Tommy DeVito Tommy. And then the last NFL thing. Did you guys see Anthony Richardson's tattoo? No, but let look it up real quick. I didn't, I apparently he really loves gambling.


'cause he got an a giant roulette wheel on his back and he had to be put under for this tattoo. Got like temporarily euthanized for it. Yeah, there's cards. There's a roulette wheel. His, he, it was Ansy Richardson sit on McAfee show. He was put to sleep. Well, getting a back tattoo this off season. Seven hours, four artists. This thing is Sick. I know it is Sick. Yeah. He, yeah. It's his love of football and gambling. Football gambling. Yeah. I Mean, we should get that. I might get this tattoo. The NFL Shield, The Lion Gladiators, His name just in case anyone forgets.


That's important. I I love that he's Got the shoe. He's also a huge fan of the Four ACEs. That's dope. Yeah. And who are the four ACEs again? Hank four ACEs R Dusty Johnson, Patrick Reed. Harold Varner. Yeah. And Peters, Thomas Peters. Yep. Okay. Got bang. First time it got it. No, that is a sick tattoo. I have a take. And that's if you get sedated for, you shouldn't get sedated for a tattoo as a man. Yeah. As and, and I say this as kind of a lowkey tattoo addict because you same, same way. I would never get, I'm gonna get another one this week. I think I would never get sedated for a tattoo. Is that okay with you Hank? Don't worry. I'll wear my sweatshirt so you don't have to see it.


My black sweatshirt, fashion police coming at me. You look like fuck you. You're wearing the same fucking shit as me. What you Think about Tatum's tattoos? Hank Tatu has sick tattoos. So much Aura. So much Aura. He also has his name on his back. Does he have cards? And a roulette Wheel? Wait, doesn't he have a weird trophy? What? What did he get? Oh no, What Did he Get him holding Del Larry O'Brien Trophy. No, it Was something else. What is it? Is it the all star MVP? No. What is it? Is the Allstar mvp, isn't it? Is that right? He's Got a lot of tattoos. Could Tattoo is the Allstar mvp. Hank be of the, I don't know which tattoo you're Talking about.


I'm pretty sure he has the Allstar mvp. He's a lot of tattoos. I just have a vague memory of he's Got a tattoo. Him Getting a tattoo of Oh, Tatu posted on his Snapchat that he got an all-star game. MVP tattoo. Oh man. Hank, That's Aura. Oh no, he's got Kobe's number. Oh yeah. Big Cat. Here it is. Yep. Yeah. That's the all star MVP. Who the most illustrious award in all of sports? Well, it's the Kobe Bryant. All that's the name of the award. Ah. Oh, So respect Kobe. Yeah. He just got so he could text it to him. Oh, It's a snake. Oh no, that's the, yeah. Mama. Someone who someone said minus better.


Oh, it is snake. Okay. Did you guys see, or let's do who's back of the week? Let's do who's back week? I had a couple of 'em who's back of the week is brought and after, who's back of the week or after Rachel Nichols. We're gonna do Jordan of the week and Max has gifts for us. Thank God Hank personally requested that we do Jordan of the week,


who's back of the week is brought to you by truly, truly unruly lemonade. Combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take lemonade. Let loose 8% a BV. 100% delicious for supercharged lemonade flavors bump and blue RAs OG original lemonade punched up pineapple, wild pink. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com. We love truly it is summertime, we're golfing. We're BBQ beach baseball. Everything. Everything's better with truly 8% a BVA hundred percent delicious. Leave it up to your lemonade. Would truly un level up your lemonade. Would truly unruly find truly unruly lemonade at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


Hank S back of the week is Rafael devs. Oh, Okay. He was in the news at the end of last week. I, it was kind of a bad translation. He kinda got a bang job with the, with the translator. That job seems that Keeps happening to him, right? Yeah. It's, it's, he's getting mis misquoted. Misrepresented. But he basically, like Red Had a bunch of money on sports and Then had a bunch of injuries. Nope. Okay. A bunch of injuries. And, and he was asked to play first base. He used an interview saying, I don't know what the hell the GM's thinking. Like saying he's essentially not gonna move to first base. The translation was more like, you know, he is like, I know I'm a ball player. I know I'm, you know, supposed to be able to play positions.


It's just not that easy. But then he's since gone seven for 12, had a go head home run today. Didn't this happen in spring training too? Kind of. When we assigned Bregman, he was like, I'm, I'm not switching positions. And Then, but then Again, no, but then we, we went through the interview and then Hank said, no, he's not, he's saying I, he wasn't saying that he refuses to switch positions. Got It. But he did it again recently. The recent ones is the one I'm talking about. Where Right. The, the quote. So he just doesn't, he, you just can't ask. He told complain. He said he was told in spring training to put away your glove. You're gonna be ding obviously injuries happen. They're like, Hey, you might need to play first base. And he was kind of like, no.


He's like, I put away my glove. Yeah. Got it. But That's, you know, Make up your mind. They Told him to put away his glove. Yeah, They're flip-flopping. Got it. But now he's raking. So haters silenced. Haters silenced all The haters. Yeah. Seems like the, he's just, he's creating the haters by doing dumb quotes. Well the train, the the trade the media is is misquoting them. Translation. The media is Bank job fall here. Media bank job. Okay. P ft. My who's Back of the week is guys who play a lot of golf that think that they can dunk. Yeah, I had that as well. So Harry Higgs, they call him big rig, right? Yep. He said, I am of the belief that He golfer, they had a two hour rain delay. So he was like, what'd you guys talk, what'd you do during the rain delay?


And he said he got in a heated discussion with his caddy. Yeah. He was telling his, his caddy that if he gets I think two years of training he can dunk. He said, I'm of the belief that I and anybody, you can train yourself to do anything. I think somebody brought up a marathon. I think a marathon will be easier. And I know, looking at me, that sounds ridiculous. I've been getting stronger in the gym. More explosive. Hit the ball further. Started to hit it further. I said it in passing. It's not a couple years. I think I could do it within a decade. He's 33. I think he can do it. He's right. So I think this guy can do it. I think that, how Old do you think? 31. I think Harry Higgs if, if he believes that he can dunk Soon. 32. Yeah. I believe that he can with training.


He can figure out how to dunk. Yeah. I believe in this guy. I'd agree. I agree. He's right. You're close to being old. Yeah. No I'm there. And how tall I were gonna flip this on you soon. I was, I was on the east coast like furious about So you're even about how old The games were on. Yeah. So I think he can dunk too. I think he can too. Also, I think he's six two. Oh. Which helps Hank, what are you, 6, 5, 10. You're six feet. Yeah. I mean you got close. Think You were 32. What? I thought you said you were 32. I'm six. Oh six feet. I think I turned 32 weeks. That sucks. Max, you Over Max. I've felt like I've been 30 for the past three years. You're also No, I'm not gonna say it. You were gonna say my body is like, Oh no, no.


That's actually not what I was gonna say. Your look is that of a older man? That's the same thing. No It's not. Some people like that look. No, I don't think I, no, that's not, that's not, I think with the soul patch, you look like you're 21. You look older than you Are. If you really wanna, if you wanna like, you know Yeah, you, I don't care about, I don't care about If you wanna brace your youth, shave the beard. Nah. Soul patch. I got grays in the beard, which is nice. But what I love about this Harry Higgs thing is that he, it was literally the exact same debate with Hank of like running a marathon or Dunking. Yeah. And he's like, yeah. Dunk. Yeah. Dunkings easier. Dunkings. Way easier. I believe him.


I believe Harry Higgs not true. You could easily run a marathon. Hank I Yeah. You could easily run a marathon. Actually yes. Not Fast, but I could. Who cares? I could do a marathon tomorrow. People run marathons in six hours. Wait, what? What'd you say? I can run a marathon tomorrow. Yeah. Like run one run the entire time. Yeah. Like 15 minute pace. But yeah, That's walking. I don't think you could run a marathon. People, What's The definition of Running? People do run marathons in like six hours and then they, and they, and then they post on Instagram. Like did it like no you didn't. Six hour marathon is not doing it. I think it would have to be 12 minute mile or better.


That counts as running a marathon. Sub five. I'm gonna tell you what I, I mean I'm not doing like I have no interest in running a marathon, but I could, I respect. And how Confident are you in the Celtics to win this series? Extremely. Oh, If they don't win, you gotta run a marathon. And if they Do Max win. If win max Soul Patch. I'm not part of the patch. I'm not a Part that You just asked me the question. Yeah. Soul. The question asked Max. I think the Celtics are gonna win. Soul Patch. Alright, so If we don't, we'll both run a marathon. Me and Max. No, That's fair. No, no. Wait. Then you would, I You guys Equally think they're gonna win the series? Yeah. You Guys want me rooting for the Celtic Hank's? Yeah, actually yeah. No, No. I remember you when you did Celtic.


Celtic Max was funny. I don't even remember why that came up. I Forgot why that came up, but it was very funny. Oh that was, that was last year. Yeah, it just could Whatever. Alright. My who's back the week? I have a couple. Theranos is back. Yeah, she is. 'cause Elizabeth Holmes is in prison, but she is consulting with her husband on a new startup. And part of the new startup is apparently a blood droplet that can tell like how healthy you are. Yeah. It's a great, great idea. They're Literally running it Back. You could change the game. Yeah. It's incredible. I wanna see what she cooks up. Yeah. It's gonna be awesome. I'll be honest. I am, I I can't get enough of everything that she like all, all these fraud stories.


Yeah, they're the best. I Love the fraud stories. Yeah. So the, it's it, the article says the technology can also conduct diagnostic tests using a small sample of blood. Okay. She's just literally running it back again. She was just, her only crime was being like five years too soon. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, it's, it's Fire Fest two. Yeah. That's what they're doing. My other, who's back is the Rockies. 'cause they fired Bud Black So back. So they lost 21 to nothing against the Padres on Saturday night. Before that game, the GM of the Rockies said guys were working hard every day. They come with energy for the most part. I don't think we were at the point of firing Bud. Black guys will still believe in what we were doing and that we were headed and where we're headed.


We're all frustrated. They lost 21 to nothing to the Padres. They fired Bud Black. That idiot Dick Monfort then had a basically release a statement just being like, why are the boys coming in here? We got Jordan of the week. They jumped the gun. They love being On camera. They do. The Rockies owner, Dick Montfort said, our play so far this season, especially coming off the last two seasons has been unacceptable. Our fans deserve better And we are capable of better. Are you? Dude, This just seems to me like he was having a bad time coaching a bad team. And so they said we, the, some of the players and him aren't getting along great.


So we're gonna fire him in hopes that they liked the next guy a little bit better. They did win on Sunday. Yeah. They got their seventh win of the season. It is May 11th. They got their seventh win of the season. So They're their Seventh, third, seventh win of the season. I pretty sure the Dodgers had seven wins one weekend. Yeah. I mean, nothing's gonna change. No. With This team, they're bad. Really bad. We gotta start betting against them. You make, make some good money. Make some Good money. Take Away all their pin stripes. Yeah. We should do alternate lines too. 'cause I feel like every night they lose like 10 to one. It's crazy. Maybe this is a new thing. Historically he's not, he's not a terrible manager.


No he's not. Outside of what he's done with the Rockies. Correct. And the Rockies, the owner, Dick Monfort being like, we're all trying to find out how this happened. It's you dude. Yeah. You're the piece of shit. Also. Nico Harrison's a piece of shit. I said that I would say that once A week. It's a good reminder. So Also the sphere is back. I went this weekend. It was awesome. You guys got it. Go. It does seem pretty incredible. It Was, it was awesome. I've had so many random people that I'm, I'm like friends with. Just ask me outta nowhere. Have you been to the sphere yet? Like it's a place that I have to go. It's, it was awesome. And shout out to all the awls I saw, sorry. If all I could do was take a picture and not have a conversation. My head was full of mushrooms.


I had a couple weird encounters, but I think also it was like, I think they also had their head full of mushrooms. So, but it was a lot of people that I I I talked to maybe not talked to more like, hey, like that kind of made a sound. Yeah. Yeah. And did a fist bump. This is crazy. Took a picture. Yeah. Isn't this awesome? But yes, it is very awesome. That's the look in your eye you get when Aaron Rogers wins. MVP. Yeah. This the mushrooms. Yeah. It was, it was sick though. Mayor. Awesome. Whole thing is awesome. You guys gotta go to the sphere. I gotta Go. I'm down. Gotta go. Who else is playing at the sphere? Kenny Chesney, Backstreet Boys. We need Bill Billy Strings.


Think he could sell at the sphere. Yeah. By the way, Vegas. How, How many, how many? 20,000 Vegas a 48 hour Vegas trip. I've done this now two years in a row. Gonna, the sphere, it's, it's the best. I like that's how you do it. Just fly in Friday, fly out Sunday morning. It's great. It's, I'm, I'm back on in, on Vegas. I was out on Vegas for a little bit. I'm back in on Vegas. Especially When you have like an itinerary, right? I wanna announce. Yeah. With a show. It's, I went to a couple, I went to a nice dinner. I golfed, I got a cabana. Get A good meal. Oh, you, I mean that's, I maximized my 48 hours. That's a dream. Yeah, it was a great 48 hours in Vegas.


So The Eagles are playing there. Yeah, the Eagles. I feel like if I'm gonna go to the sphere though dead, I don't want to go for dead. Yeah, Yeah. Next year I hopefully they do one more year. I think they will. Are they done for this year? They have one more weekend and then they might add shows, but I don't know if they add shows. Maybe we'll go, I would go, I would go to the sphere to see the Eagles with Chris Berman. I would Also, that would be a great time. Yeah. Okay. Let's get to our interview with Rachel Nichols.


Before we get to Rachel Nichols. She's brought to you by McDonald's. All new Mc Krissy strips. New mc Krissy strips are here. It's chicken that's made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with golden brown peppery breading it's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. The creamy chili mc crispy strip dip a sauce that's creamy, savory, and sweet with little heat. But it works with any other sauces. The McDonald's, all new mc crispy strips are so good. The meat is delicious. Memes brought some in, had me do an ad, read with 'em, took a bite. Memes tried to take the rest of the box away. I said memes. You leave that right here. This is gonna be my lunch. And then they brought in some more. Yep. These things are legit. One of favorite things at McDonald's, you're gonna love them. If you love chicken, if you love juicy white meat chicken, if you love golden brown peppery Breading. That's what it's all about with the all new Mc Krissy strips with the Creamy Chili Mc Krissy strip tip. It's chicken that's made for dipping. And guess what? It's only at McDonald's.


Rachel Nichols is also brought to you by our great friends over at Gametime and Hhl and NBA playoffs are here. And Gametime is the best place to get last minute tickets for the lowest price. The NBA playoffs. They've got killer last minute deals all in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets. Hank, can we look up, let's see, what game should we look up here? I'm gonna look Up Nicks at Celtics game five. How about that Game five. Will you be there Bean town? I Might, I think I'm, I'm looking at these Gametime tickets and they're looking pretty Good. Are you gonna be on the wood? I don't know where I'm gonna sit. I'm, I'm looking at Gametime right now. I could get in the building for as cheap as 230, 30 bucks. 230 bucks to get in. See the Celtics against the Knicks. Take advantage right now because prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets the tip off. So if you're looking for last minute tickets, you can, you can save up to 60% when buying these last minute tickets. If you're looking at those Celtics, looking at those Knicks, if you're looking out west, maybe Denver Thunder, check it out on Gametime. You'll get the best prices and you can take the guesswork outta buy those tickets. All you have to do is download the Gametime app, create an account and use code PMT for 20 bucks off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code. PMT get 20 bucks off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime. And now here's Rachel Nichols.


Okay, we now welcome on A very good friend of the show. Very special guest. It's been too long. It is Rachel Nichols, longtime friend. You can see her on on Fox Sports. You can hear her on headliners with Rachel Nichols All Smoke Productions. Rachel, it's great talking to you. We have the NBA playoffs and I have one pressing question to start. You probably don't have an answer, but I still want to hear what you have to say. Are we gonna see Steph Curry again in these playoffs? So in, in the last game, you know, Ann talks a lot of trash, right. And he's trying to go at it with Gary Peyton Jr. And all this stuff. And he's like, you're just trying to get to a game six so Steph can come save you.


And G's like Yep. That that's it. Yes. So reevaluate on a Monday. It does not sound like he would play the next game. Maybe they've got a three day rest break after that, but Yeah, I don't know if they're gonna get that far. What do you think? Yeah, I don't know. It's, it seems like they're, they're pulling all the levers that they can, where they're getting like everybody involved trying out every single possible combination of guys to run out there just to see if something works. If they can maybe steal a game. I that I thought that they, they were gonna do this strategy of trying to steal one of these next couple and then get to the three day break. Wow. And it just sucks because like watching the Warriors without Steph turns out he is really damn good and they kind of need him.


'cause I think they, I think they were, I think I saw a stat that they were like the first team in the NBA playoffs who were leading at half without making a three or something last night. Yeah. Which is amazing for the Warriors. Right, right, right. So it's just totally different and I, I wanna see the best players play. Alright, so that was a bummer that you gave me that answer. I was hoping you were like, yeah, you know what, he's playing on Monday night, this is gonna be awesome. I find that very hard to believe. The, the other thing about that series, and I I saw you tweet about it as well, Julius Randall has been, he might be like the best change of scenery guy ever because what he's done with the wolves. I mean, you, you've, you've talked to, to people in the league, like, is he as beloved as it seems in that locker room and how, how seamlessly he's fit in?


'cause it was rough. It was rough to start, but now he's so, so good for them. I'm so happy for him. He's a great guy. First of all, I've always liked talking to him. You know, the trade happened. It was definitely disconcerting for him, his family, all of that stuff. It didn't start out while in Minnesota and then he got hurt and in that time off, I think it gave him a minute to sort of settle and kind of know how the team works. And the whole time the guys in the room were just pumping him up. Anthony Edwards, oh, we need him. Wait till Julie's, Randall gets back. All that stuff. And now I was with the Timber wolfs last week. He's like a, he's like the mayor in there a lot of the time. And it's just so fun to see like a good person doing well, beloved by the people who should love him.


And I couldn't be happier for him. I think he's great. Yeah. Yeah. And it, it looks like Minnesota probably has the upper hand, especially if if Steph isn't coming back. Yeah. If we're, it Turns out Steph Curry is important. Yeah. If you wanna play basketball, Very important. Very, very important. So who knew the other series in the West? What is it about the, the nuggets and the thunder that Each team is capable of making the other team the worst version of themselves? Yeah. Yeah. That was a nice game today, right? Oh yeah. Yeah. It was gross Score two points in the first quarter. It, it was, it, it was funny watching that game because there will be people who complain about the scoring, getting outta control in the NBA and then you watch a game like that, like, you know, people are like, oh, I miss nineties basketball. And then you watch that where no one can hit a three. You're like, yeah, I'd rather, I'd prefer seeing the games in the one twenties.


It Sounds so fun. Yeah. By the way, we're kind of getting a little nineties basketball back though, because they're calling nothing. Yeah, Right. Which I like. Yeah, I like, but it, it was, it was mostly like about the air balls in the first half. I haven't seen that many air balls in an NB game in a long, long time. For some reason they see, each team sees the other team, they're like, yeah, the shots just aren't gonna fall. See, I thought you were gonna make an off color joke with the air balls, but look at you, You stay, I'm growing up. I'm, I'm growing up. I'm so proud. No, I mean, it, it is ridiculous. And the guys are buying each other around and, and just, you know, kind of really doing the, a lot of these guys have free reign and you don't see it the moment the shot comes off, but you see it right before that and then it sort of sets the guy up to not have his correct shot.


I mean, there's definitely an expression in basketball. Hey, they can't call him. All right. So if you just keep going and fouling and fouling and fouling, eventually the reps are gonna be Yeah. That one wasn't so bad. And I think we're seeing a lot more of that in these playoffs and we're seeing that in that series a little Bit. Yeah. And it's clearly bothered Yoic, he hasn't played to his standard, which is not, it, it, it's unfair how good he is. And then when he has like 20 and 13, everyone's like, damn, he sucks now. But the last two games he has, you know, he's one 16, What The fuck? Yeah. He got, he got a, you know, his teammates kind of picked him up on Friday night in the overtime win. And then tonight he was not good and he missed two big free throws and it's like, I don't know.


He's gotta be great for them to be great. Do you have an MVP vote? I Do. And who'd you vote for? I actually voted for Shay. Okay. And it was a very, very, very hard vote. I mean, it really came down to like this and the, this, it came down to, because Yoic is, I think, I think Yoic is the best player in the world. So the this it came down to was the Thunder had 18 more wins than the Nuggets. Right. At some point I don't always vote for the guy who's the highest in the standings, but at some point that matters. Right. And to lead a young team to those kind of numbers, I was really impressed. I still think there should be a separate award for who the best player is in the NBA because we don't have one. And it's funny, I filled out my awards ballot this year and I had to choose guys, I had to choose who the ninth best rookie in the NBA was this year.


My Book in the, in the record books for all time On who in 2025 Yeah. Was the ninth best rookie that's going down in the books, but not who the best player was. And there's, you know, years it's mj, there's years it was LeBron and they didn't win the MVP every time. And it's just sort of strange to me because there's already kids out there who've never seen Jordan play and, and just downplay everything he did. Eh, he wasn't that good. Kind of like our generation does with Kareem a lot of the time. Yeah. And, and you know, all we have in the end is the record books. And the record books are gonna show that Kobe Bryant won one MVP. Right. And he obviously had a huge impact on the league. I I just, I don't know why we don't have an award for this. The NFL differentiates between MVP and offensive and defensive player.


The NHL has MVP and then, you know, the scoring and the ball scoring, whatever. We don't have that. It's true because especially now that we have like Clutch Player of the Year, which I, you know, okay. You know, they do the clutch minutes analytics and everything, but like why can't we have a just like top dog or Alpha of the year, like just whoever was, who's the best player. And then the MVP can be something different where it's like, yeah, this guy brought his team to the most wins, most impactful on his team. Because I, I agree there is, there's definitely a difference to those two things. We have one on part of my take. We just actually created it right now. Right This very second. So who gets your vote? What do you mean? Oh, for that award?


The dog Is here. Yeah. Top dog. Top dog. Top dog. Yeah. And by the way, let's just call it that, right? Yeah. That's perfect. Yeah. Top Dog Award. Nico Yoic. Okay. I mean, if you had to play a basketball game for the lives of yourself and everyone you know, and you, you had one pick of what the player, who the player was gonna be on your team and everyone else was random assignment, who would you pick? I like that. I like that criteria. Your family's been kidnapped and you can only pick one guy to be the captain of your team. That's the top top. Well, I mean, you're pretty close if you get Yoko's brothers. Yeah, that's true. That's true. He's so Tall. I've sat with him before and watched the game. He's Yeah. Amazing dude. Actually we did, we did a bad job when talking about Golden State.


We should try to just correct the narrative. If, if we do need to correct it has, has Draymond Green gotten a bum rap all these years? Is he actually a really nice guy that plays under control and us in the media? We've done a bad job and we've, we've called him out for things that did not need to be called out for. He is a really nice guy actually. He's just not a very nice player. Right. Yeah. So, and he's gotta be careful by the way he's too technicals and to, what's the other one? Not text, but Fragrance. Fragrance. He's fragrance, he's been doing that. He's in Textbook. I dunno why my brain is not here today. Blaming on the mimosas on Mother's Day. Yeah. Happy Mother's Day. He Text and two grats from a suspension. That's what everyone forgets about the 2016 finals when he was suspended for a game and the calves turned it around.


He wasn't suspended because of what he did on the floor when we all know what happened with the punching and the this and the, that he was suspended because it just hit a certain limit. Right. By the way, once you reach that point, not only you suspended for the next game, then it goes in every other. Right. So if they do somehow make it out of this round, I mean, he could miss every other game if he keeps this up. Right. So I just, he's gotta be careful, Which I think he'd be happy to do if Steph wasn't playing because you, I think it's cool with that. Yeah. Because you playing that point, could you imagine if they, if it reset that would, they would have to make a rule to, to change it for the Draymond because he would just try to fly through it. Yeah. Like as fast as possible. Well, You know why they made the rule in the first place.


Right? I can't remember Rasheed Wallace 44 times. That's Right. That's right, that's right. I forgot Rash had that many texts. Listen, I I get it from, from Draymond too. Like, you have to, sometimes you just gotta say shit, you know? Yeah. You just kinda have to defend yourself a little bit. And so I think he, he tried to do that, but anybody out there can watch him play and be like, not no one else. No. One else's body flails in the same way that Draymond Green's body flails. And it's gotta be a him problem at some point. Yeah. He's very theatrical. He's like a chalk outline, right? Yeah. Murder victim. Yeah. He's super theatrical. He just doesn't have control of his body, even though he's a world class athlete. Do what, what is it though? The, the thing that we were talking about the other day with Draymond, the refs feel like, it feels like he gets away with a lot, not of like when he flails his body, but when he talks to the refs, it does feel like he gets away with way more than everyone else because they just, I don't know what they, they just don't wanna deal with him.


What is that? No, He totally does. And it goes back to what I said a few minutes ago. You can't call him all right. Yeah, right. They can't kick him outta every game. He's a popular player. He is integral to that team. He's obviously a former defensive player of the year. I think eight time All defense can't call him all. So, you know, he, he, he goes at it. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. I got a non playoff question for you. All right. Giannis is gonna be playing for what team next year. Oh man. Where, where do I want him to be playing? I'd like him to still play in Milwaukee. Okay. Because I'm my second choice of where he would be playing. You know, the three teams that have the most assets to get him are the Houston Rockets, the San Antonio Spurs, and the Oklahoma City Thunder, which is crazy.


So can you imagine him next to SGA or next to Wendy? I, I think if he becomes available, those GMs that have been keeping their picks, they're gonna pull the trigger. And I think that Thunder actually have the most of all. Yeah. So we'll see who's willing to give up what. Yeah. And I'm a sentimentalist. I, I love to how the people in Milwaukee love him. I love how he loves the city. He can't win there, unfortunately, because they're so tied up with their not having their draft picks and salary and whatever. If he decides to stay, it would really be just a commitment to, Hey, I know we're not gonna win another title, but I'd like to be. Yeah. And what happens with the Bucks if he does decide to do that is the, is their future just straight up they're gonna be really, really, really, really bad for five, six years?


Well, they won't be really, really bad. You know, they'll be like a first round playoff team. Right. Or a playing playoff team, which is kind of, you know, with the fully loaded team is what they've been the last couple seasons. Because, you know, this year Dame was hurt and out for a while. Well, Giannis was out last season, didn't finish the playoffs, and I think the season before he was out for a while. So they, they've gotten screwed by injuries. And, and my thing about, you know, trading for future picks is that you, you give away a guy who is still in his prime, who is key to the franchise because there's people out there, by the way, saying that the Bucks should trade even if he doesn't ask for a trade. That that's a very popular MBA person opinion right now.


And the idea is like, oh, he's got two years left on his deal. You could get a whole bunch of graphics for him. You gotta do it now. Pull the trigger now. I get it. But you also have Jannis and Kubo on your team and he fills the building butts in seats. People love watching him. He's got a great connection to the community. And if you trade him for a bunch of draft picks, you are hoping that what, three years from now, you draft a guy who maybe one day becomes not quite as good as Gianni Cuco. Yeah. Like it, if he wants to go, God bless. I totally understand. He has said he thinks he needs another title to sort of represent the player that he is. And if he asks out, he's been loyal to that team.


He's played there for a dozen years. He got them a championship. Godspeed. Yeah. But if he doesn't wanna leave, I, I I don't agree with this sort of NBA think of push him out the door anyway. Well, and and you're, you're right. Like it's, they're, they won't be really bad if they keep you honest. They'll win 42 to 45 games and, you know, it will, they, they won't really contend for a title because they won't, he won't have pieces around him, but they're, you can't be bad with Giannis on your team 'cause he's that good. Right? It is, it's a, it's a tough situation because you don't Yeah. I wonder what, like most Bucks fans, I think most Bucks fans would prefer to keep Giannis, but there's obviously the part where you said like if you, if you trade him, you're gonna probably be bad for a while if you keep him, you're gonna at least have, you know, a playoff team.


And Giannis is a lot of fun to watch. Yeah. So, you know, we'll see what he decides. Obviously he is the, he is the, he's the first domino that has to fall. Alright. Right. Another one. Non NBA playoffs. 'cause I saw you comment on this. LeBron should take less money. I agree with you. Is there any chance LeBron takes less money? Because I like LeBron is still a very good player. I was making this argument when they got bounced in the playoffs. I don't think you can pay a 41-year-old LeBron $50 million and expect to have the roster that you need to compete. You saw the roster of the Lakers, they didn't have a center. You gotta build the team around Luca. And if you're gonna build a team around Luca, you'd need some flexibility. So is there any chance that he takes less money and what is less money if, if he were to do that?


Yeah, I mean, it's a little complicated with the salary cap and if he took the league minimum, it would still only free up by, I don't know the number, maybe $10 million for them extra. But $10 million is not a little bit of money when you're trying to fill NBA salary slots. And I just think that he's the most underpaid athlete total in the world right now. Nobody has done as much for a league, much less the teams he's played for than LeBron James. He's responsible for the level of popularity that the game is at right now. He will never be paid enough. So if you realize he's just gonna be underpaid either way, if you know that he is a billionaire and I don't count other people's money and he should do what he wants to do, I can only put myself in that position.


If it were me, I would say I will take significantly less, as less as it helps basically to make sure that we get other people in here who can help us win. Because here's the thing, you can't buy a championship ring after you retire all that money. It, it's gonna go to your grandchildren's, grandchildren's grandchildren once you're a billionaire. So he's not gonna feel any difference in his life. But here's what he will feel if he wins another ring with Luke on the team himself, on the team and maybe some other bigger star player on the team. Well, if he wins five years, you know who five rings, you know who won five rings Kobe Bryant. And if he wins six rings hanging around on the Luca train, we know how many guy we know who, who the guy is who won six.


Right. To Chicago. So you are counting, you're you're counting the bubble championship. 'cause we don't, we don't count that I he needs I know, but have some time. He lives in the bubble. I can tell you who fucking counts. No. Oh no. She's easiest championship. She said rings not championships. Yeah, that's true. It's a Mickey Mouse ring. The ring exists. Yeah, the ring does. You could find the ring somewhere. Yeah. Like a A ring pop is a ring technically. Yeah. But look, Whatever, whatever you guys wanna call it, he, if he gets more, I think that will change the way some of the people do. Oh, Absolutely. Predispose not to like him. I think it will kind of weaken some of their arguments. Absolutely. It just make them like switch the goalposts. Yeah. And be like, he's not MJ yet. We could, we could be fluid. Yeah. Yeah. But no, you're, you're absolutely right.


I've, I've taught this for a while, like at, at the end of the career, like why wouldn't you, again, it's, it's hard to talk about someone else's money, but you would think that the, the legacy part and having that, like, especially if he to ring as a 41-year-old at the end of his career and you're like, holy shit, this guy just won a ring after being in the NBA for 20 plus years. It's a hard argument to go against. I mean it's literally what Tom Brady did. Yeah. He gave back a much money so he could win another ring as an old guy. Yeah. Yeah. It worked. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. So who would, who would the Lakers try to get if hypothetically LeBron said, you know what, I'll take, you can take 10 mil off my salary. Who do they go out there and get? They don't have the assets to go out and get nus.


They, they just don't have the draft picks. They don't have the young players that, that people would want. So that little fantasy, unless, you know, think I could never predicted the Luca trades. So I'm not gonna say never say never, but I don't see it happening. So look, they need someone who's strong interior defender, who also is a lob threat so that we can set up kind of the Luca Derek Lively like Ellie situation. And frankly on the wings they need 3D players. And so right now they're saying, oh, Austin's off Austin Reeves, he's off the table. We love him. He's like family. Everyone in the locker room loves him. And it's true. LeBron loves him. X, Y, z, LeBron loved Anthony Davis and out Right. They're gonna have to, to trade Austin Reeves if they want the level of guys around Luca that they need.


Because right now, if you are an opponent and you're coming down the court and you see Austin Reeves on one side and Luca on the other, it's like turns files of like, you get to choose which one you go through because they don't defend at the level that you need defenders to be elite in the league right now. Yep. I mean that makes sense. Let's talk about the East real quick. The Celtics are the Celtics completely back. It feels like they, it feels like the Celtics are up three one right now based on how the last game went. Dude, I haven't felt like the Celtics worked like, like the Celtics, even when they were down two. Oh, it weirdly felt like they were fine. Yeah. And I, you know, New York didn't beat them all season. The Celtics were historically fluky and sort of missing so many three point shots.


And by the way, we give the Knicks defense credit because Mikhail Bridges, Josh Hart. There's just so many guys who really stepped up in those two games. But the Celtics are the Celtics. I mean, they, they just have all the pieces back that won that title last year. I think it'd be so fun as someone who lived in New York for 20 years, I, I think it would be so fun to see the garden rocking through conference finals, maybe even at NBA finals. The outs are not with them right now, even though they're up to one. But, you know, who knows? Christus ends up being out for a while, something else fluky happens. We'll see. Yeah. Yeah. And while we're taping this, the Pacers are playing pretty much perfect basketball.


They're up 80 to 39 on the calves at half. I respect the Pacers. They're so much fun to watch. Like, could the Pacers go to the finals? Is it, is it crazy to start believing if you're Indiana? I know the Celtics are on paper better and they played last year and I think that was a sweep even though there was some very close games in there. The Pacers are fun. I they play a fun style of basketball and they have, they, it just feels like they have a, a really solid rotation of guys who can all contribute night in night out. Yeah. I mean, remember the Pacers had a lot of injuries in that series. Yep. So it's not even really fair to think back on that. I love the Pacers team. You know, it's funny when Tyrese, Halliburton was named the most overrated player as voted by the players in the NBA.


Did you guys talk about that? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. So here's what's funny about that poll. The Athletic, which did the poll to its credit listed, how many guys answered each question? There's about four 50 guys in the NBA. Only 90 of them answered the question of who is the most overrated. So less than a quarter of the guys in the league even answered the question. Huh. And then if you go with the percentage that voted for Halliburton and you do the math, first of all, it's weirdly like 12 and a half guys. I don't know how a half a person player votes, but let's say it's 13. 13 guys. There's 13 guys in this league who think Tyree Halliburton's overrated. That's it. That's all By the way. So it could literally, it could literally just be the box.


'cause they like, they hate each other. It could be the guy who didn't make the Olympic team. Yeah. Because Tyrese took that spot. I mean, he could be be hated by it guys. This is the Pettiest League on earth. Yeah. The Pettiest there is no more petty than this league, the NBA. So, I don't know. I I think he, he keeps bringing it up. Overrated overrate that. Right. But he's an excellent player. And even though the Cavs, you know, were so strong throughout the season when the calves went down two Oh, I was like, ugh, they're in trouble. Whereas with the Celtics going down two. Oh, I was like, nah, we'll see. Yeah. The shots just have to start falling for them. That's, that's really at the end of the day, I like that theory though. It's like the Bucks and then let's say Jalen Brown.


Yeah. They were the ones that said that Halliburton is overrated. And it doesn't make sense for, for players in the NBA to like poke the bear, to like call a guy out who's still playing and, and obviously like a dangerous player. 'cause all you're gonna do is make 'em better. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And, and, and look, Ray Carlisle's a great coach. They're so fast Great in transition. They're really fun to watch. So if they're the ones who advance, it's gonna be fun. Eastern Conference finals, either way. Yeah. So we also have the draft lottery tonight, Monday. Yeah. A big night for our beloved wizards. You know me, Rachel, I'm a massive Wizards fan. I eat, sleep, breathe The Wiz. This is the one. Yeah. The cat you're running to capture right now. That's another story. But the, I feel like the Wizards, if they get flagged, I'm all the way back in as a fan.


But it's probably not the most exciting place that he could potentially land for like the average NBA viewer. Where, where do you think, like if you're just a casual NBA fan, where do you think the the funnest place for Cooper flag to end up is? I mean, the most likely places or DC Charlotte and Utah. Like Yeah. I actually think DC's kind of for him, definitely. If I was Cooper flag of those choices, I hope the Wizards get the number one pick. That's true. Good Point. In DC is a great place to live. It's an international city. I cannot say the same for Charlotte. I cannot say the same for Utah. And of course if he went to Charlotte, he'd still have all those fans from Duke right there. But he's gonna have plenty of fans. He'll be fine wherever he goes. It, it would be huge. You know, you know how long it's been since the Wizards made a conference finals Not one title, not made it to the finals, just made it to the conference finals.


I think it's gotta be at least the eighties. Right. Just pick a number. 10 Years. 1981. So that would be, would be 44 years. You're close. 46 years. 46 years. It's been 46 years. Yeah. It's been bad. It's been a, a long time. But at least they have, they have a plan that they're working on. They, they just kind of floated along without really a plan for a long time. And Yes. And the tank has worked beautifully. Jordan Poole and K Kuzma were excellent players to pick up if you're trying to lose games. Yep. And so they, they have a plan. The plan worked and now we gotta just trust that, that stupid fucking lottery ball machine. Yeah. Man. Well even if they end up number two, I think they're in good shape. I mean, we'll see they've drafted really, you know, they drafted very smart and, and not the best draft last year.


And they've got, this draft is a great draft and next year is a great draft. And I wouldn't be surprised if they were in the lottery again next year. Yeah. And then they'll have a really good young team. Yeah. What is, what's the team, it's probably Philly, but is there another team that you're like, I they can't win the, the lottery? This would be bullshit. I mean the thunder, I, I don't know. I mean yeah. Any Spurs, spurs, spurs, maybe Spurs getting Yeah. And these teams that has all the resources already. Yeah. But if Philly wins, it's gonna be, people are gonna be so pissed because they did the whole process and then they had one year where everyone got hurt and they basically were like, yeah, we're just not gonna try this year. Did a great job tanking. It's actually an art.


There's some teams that cannot tank the bulls do not know how to tank. And if Billy wins this, he'd be like, oh man. People would be so mad they'd think it's so rigged. Yeah. By the way, my thing it could happen was for San Antonio, obviously. Yeah. Under or not in the lottery, you Know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. They, I think they had some picks where if other teams had had lost a couple games at the very end of the season. Yes. It was a possibility for the Thunder to get the number. Yeah. They're getting Giannis, they'll be fine. Yeah. Yeah. They're getting Giannis. It's be such bullshit with when SGA starts doing the little like, dribble under the basket thing like Steve Nash used to do and then just throw the ball right up at the air and Giannis just dunks on everybody. Yeah. That's what's Destin to happen. What about Mby and Giannis?


That would be fun. It would be fun. I don't know how you'd score on em. It would be fun. Yeah. Well 20 Hours action Wim be Giannis Cooper Flagg just load 'em up. Do you know, is there anybody else in the draft? I know you're not, I don't know, you might be a draft person or not, but like I'm not, I'm not a huge college basketball person, so I just know that I wait Until the draft lottery happens. I wait until the draft happens, then we see who's on which team And we go from there. I know, I know. The top three or four guys Yeah. Maybe been five deep are considered really good. I, I don't wanna pretend that I know more than the guys who studied this year round, but it's a deep draft and I think there's gonna be a lot of kicks even, you know, throughout the first round that we're gonna see. Giannis himself I think was a 15, 16 right number pick. So All I know is that Rutgers basketball was really, really good last year.


Yeah. That's why they've got so many players in, in the top five. Everyone's gonna look back and be like, how do they have two guys in the top five? That kid Though was really good. That kid could end up on the Wizards easily. Both of them. Dylan Har Brandes Bailey. Yeah. They're both very good. Alright, so Rachel, I know that we're like halfway through the second round, but we're gonna just give you the cha chance right now to tell us your NBA finals and NBA final winner. And so you, you get a little, you you get to cheat a little bit 'cause we not that you would've picked any of the teams that are actually, you might've picked the Clippers. You're a Balmer. You like Balmer. I we're. We love Balmer. We do. How how cool is that stadium, by the way? It is the best stadium in the NBA by far. And he brought all these people, all these fans from the wall over to Denver for game seven.


I know. He can't Tell me. That's not the coolest man. Yeah. Like, I don't know if another owner in pro sports who would do something like that. And by the way, how much do you think he had to pay for those game seven seats. Ooh. Yeah. Probably, probably a lot. 500 a pop. Probably. Yeah. I mean he's, he's a good, he's a cool guy. Like he's, that's how I would own a team if I owned a team. Yeah, he does Rich, right? Yeah. Like he does rich. Right. It's kind of like, you know, when Mark Cuban came on the scene, everyone's like, oh shit. It turns out Mark Cuban just had to change like how they like the chairs in the locker room and everyone was like, oh my God, this is incredible. No one's ever done this, but, alright. So He gave on a PlayStation. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That was the thing Is that he, he redid the locker room. He gave them like comfy leather office chairs.


Yep. And every locker was a PlayStation and that was it. Everyone wants play. Everyone was like, holy shit. The Mavs treat 'em right. Alright, so, so what is your NBA finals prediction in your winner? Well, this is crazy. Before the season I picked the Boston Celtics. Okay. With the Boston Celtics down two to one in this series. I still pick the Boston Celtics. Yeah. Okay. And There's no disrespect to the Knicks. And again, I, I really do love this Knicks team. They're so much fun to root for and so much fun to watch. But they're the best complete team and they just won last year. All those guys have a ton of experience. They have international experience so they, they can play in any way. I think Joe Missoula is a completely capable coach and all the sort of noise around him is just sort of self expands who get very worried and likes to say things.


But I, I just still think the Celtics and of course if the Knicks win this, great, I'm happy to be wrong. What about, so you, you're sticking with the Celtics is Christ stops. Okay. This is so weird. And I talked to him about it. It was probably a month, six weeks ago, whenever, but they don't know, at least when I spoke to him, they did not know what this was. It was a virus, but there wasn't any sort of thing that they could identify and then treat. So they obviously are doing things to treat him, but there is nothing they have found so far that make it like, go away and he'll never have to deal with it again. And it's bizarre. And this poor guy who's had all these injuries finally got to a place where he was pretty healthy and playing on a team where he, his skills were really needed.


And now he's got the same, he looked awful in game one and for a lot of game two. Right. I mean, he looked, it was paler than the wall behind me. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's just very bizarre. Is he truly like day to day he'll wake up one morning feeling like shit, one morning feeling great. I'm not sure it's day to day because I assume that it sort of starts to come on or it doesn't. Right. So I, I don't know if it's like every other day he doesn't know how he's gonna wake up. I think like he'll start to feel a little bad and then feel a little worse and then feel a little worse. But yeah. I mean, look, my fi my, my title winner prediction will be completely on the ropes if he can't significantly play in these playoffs. 'cause he's part of what gives them such a huge advantage. Yeah. Yeah.


Alright, so who do you like outta the West? No one. No, I mean everyone. I, I, yeah, It's actually correct answer. Like no one in ever any team. Look, the founders should be the pick out of the west. Right. Because they were 10 shoulders above everyone the entire season. They showed in the last game they played that having young legs really matters. Right. They completely outplayed Denver in the fourth quarter and the fact that they can play so well on only a day's rest. There's a great stat, I have it here. So the Thunder, you know, they're the youngest team in the NBA still, when they are just on one day's rest, they are a 17 point differential. They score 17 more points than the other team on one day's rest.


Hmm. I mean, it helps to have young legs, man. And I just sort of think that they've, they've rocked it, they've shown it and I, I don't know if there's someone else who can beat them, but we'll see. I I'm not as confident on that side of the bracket. And I think a lot of who comes outta the West is just basically who ended up seeded with who. Yeah. Yeah. Today they said that they call Alex Caruso on, he's on in the locker room and he is 31 years old. Yeah, that's tough. That's the youngest on ever. That's very tough. Yeah. Yeah. Bad news that, that doesn't make me feel good. No, not at all. Okay. Alex Ruso.


Alright, I got one last question for you Rachel. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take Rollback dot com promo code take R-H-O-B-A-C k.com.


We had a debate last week on this show and one of our producers said that Joelle and Beads actually the same playoff performer as Jason Tatum. Do you care to weigh in on this? I don't understand how that would be true since Jason Tatum has the advantage of having been in a lot of playoff and showed up for them. Good. That's point By the way, I don't think it's Joel's fault that he's gotten hurt. Right. He's had some really weird injuries. Remember he broke his eye at one point. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So, so it's not that he's soft. I mean the man's, you know, huge. Obviously he's a tree truck, but the truth is, the best ability is availability is they like to say and he is not been available.


It's a, for a lot of the time that Philadelphias need him and Jason Tatum has been an Ironman. I mean, he has been there for that team over and over and over again. He's one of their most regular players. I, I don't know how you can make the comparison. Yeah, That's a, that's a valid point. But you're bringing up numbers now. And our producer said that he wasn't trying to bring up numbers, he was just trying to talk about the fact that they average about the same number of points They're what they were wearing. Yeah. It Was a bad argument. The points per game is similar. I think MBI has about two, let's call it three rebounds a game more. Tatum has three assists per game more. And Yeah. Then the rest of it is just, you know, like Joel's missed eight games, Tatum's missed one and, and Joel's never been to a conference final, a conference final.


And he's basically making the argument that sell to serve Super team and, and Joel and Bead does just as well. Even though, again, I don't, didn't, didn't Tatum score 50 on, on Joel and Beads team? That's true. Game seven. Yeah. That was in the game seven. Here's how, you know, okay, if you put Joel and Bead, if you switch them, if you put Joel L and bead on the Celtics Yeah. He wouldn't do as well because he would be on the bench in street clothes for sections of the time and the Celtics would greatly suffer because of it. That's, that's a Good point. So you can say they're better. I don't care what the numbers are, you can't, can't score 16 points or this many points or whatever when you have a sweatshirt on. So that's the answer. Very good.


That's a good point. Very simple. Okay, I've got a couple questions for you guys by the way. Alright. Shoot. If you Had a question for me, Shoot. Yeah, go for it. Alright. I, I do need pf t's caps tape. Where are we? What's the panic meter? How are we doing? I'm, I'm How much a gap do you have? Yeah, I'm very, I I was super gap on Saturday and then I woke up this morning. Not a ga at all. And I'm still not a ga I don't know what it is, but Oovs looked old. He's looked really old the last couple games And we saw it last year in the playoffs against the Rangers. That's that's what he looks like now. I mean, that Was a one eight matchup. That's true. Yes. But I'm, I'm talking about just like the, the juice that he brings, the energy that he brings. I haven't really seen it this series. He had it last series.


So I'm, I'm concerned about that. And outside of the top line, we haven't, we don't have a lot of guys that are, are flying around making plays. Carlson Looks Old. Carlson looked very old on, on Saturday. But the, the nice thing about Carlson is he's always looked old. Even when he was young, he looked old. He was just kind of like an average speed defender. He's always in the right place at the right time. He was not in the right place at none of the right times on, on Saturday. So I'm, I'm worried and I'm, I'm worried that I'm gonna go on, I'm going to the game on, on Thursday and I'm scared that that's gonna be a closeout game that I'm gonna see the cap season end right in my face. So let's say that I, but I've already put a must win on Monday. Win Monday night's a must win for the caps.


Definitely a must win. Not I can't lose. Definitely a must win. Yeah, they great first period and the goalie just stood in his head and we'll have to see. Yeah. I, all right. My second question for you guys, can I get another Yes. Recurring guest t-shirt because mine burned into a fire. Oh, Oh yeah. That's a valid, Oh man. For insurance purposes, actually, hold on. Hold on. Did you, did you up right now we actually don't have fire insurance on those shirts, so sorry about that. Did Why do you think I'm drinking outta a solo cup? I have no glasses. I have no nothing. No, when you made your claim to the insurance company, we were like, this was a one of two shirt that burned dude, and it's worth probably hundreds Of thousand of list like the contents of your house, which is hysterical because you go to where my house was, it is literally just a field of ashes.


Jesus. There's no arguing over what was there. But you still have to make the list and, and of course an itemized item. It wasn't just, you know, 10 t-shirts. Right. It was the part of my take t-shirt and then all the valuable jewelry and then the rest of the house. I'm, I'm happy I didn't bring up the shirt before you said that because that would've been awkward if I've been like, Hey, you still got the shirt? Like, Nope, burned. Yeah, we will get you a new shirt that we gotta get you a new shirt. That, That also I need, it Is a treasured possession of Mine that had to be just terrifying. Is like, try, like checking to see if your home's still there, finding out it's not. Where are you in the process? Yeah. So when, you know, it's crazy how quick it was. We lived in Pacific Palisades, Malibu area.


That was the day that there was this crazy a hundred mile an hour winds. The fire chief later said it was like a five alarm fire inside a tornado. Like there was just nothing anyone could have done. And we could see the flames coming down the side of the hill toward us, which is a lot. So you're just rushing around the house trying to get out, trying to grab some things. But we didn't have a chance to grab much otherwise. Of course the t-shirt would've been right at the Top of the pile. The family pictures a t-shirt And then Yeah, then it's the after. And I just don't think that's what I didn't realize that when I saw disasters on tv, I would be like, oh my God, those are poor people. They lost their homes, they lost their stuff. Stuff is stuff. It can eventually be replaced. It's, huh. I don't have anywhere to live.


That's interesting. My kids don't have this. They don't have, you know what I mean? So we're, we're just getting into a new place. That's why there's white balls behind me. I still need glasses apparently, and I need my t-shirt back. Yeah. And we will get you a t-shirt. And I, I have to imagine that like a bonus, little shitty part of it. Obviously the house and all, that's super important. But then you have to do a but a lot of paperwork afterwards. Yes. Yeah. To try to get any sort of like, restitution back. That's what would drive me insane is Yeah, you lose everything and then you're like, yeah, you have to fill out these 20 forms. I don't wanna insult anyone, but the insurance industry in this country, whether it's medical insurance, fire insurance, whatever it is, sucks.


Yeah. And We, it's not great. Agreed. Not great. Well, Rachel, it's always great having you on. We appreciate your time as always. Hopefully we see you soon and yes, thanks. Thanks. Happy Mother's Day. Thanks for coming on for Mother's Day. All right. Good luck on Thursday. Bring it. Come On. Yeah. I'm gonna be so escape. You'll, you'll see me. I'm gonna be right up against the glass. He's Gonna close his mouth. Super. The entire Game. Yeah. That I'm gonna be the most escape guy in the United States. There we go. That's gonna be me. This is gonna be me. I'm gonna be so escape on on Thursday. Oh man. All right. Thanks Rachel.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. Mental Health awareness is growing, but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participate in a recent health survey said that they have avoided seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts families. It impacts workplaces and entire communities. This mental Health Awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better when people are healthy and happy. Better Help has over 10 years of experience, ma matching people with the right therapist from their diverse network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide RA range of specialties. We're all better with Better help. Visit Better help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/pmt.


Okay, let's wrap up the show with Jordan of the week. Hank, do you wanna start? Do you want No. Okay. Okay. We will start. All right, I'll start. Okay. Okay. What, what is her? Pablo Tore came out with a a in-depth fully journalism is podcast. Okay. You got this Word. Full, full journal. Yeah. Researched In depth research, break sourcing down, sourcing 11 sources. 11 sources. He had someone I think go like A field, you know, family sources. Yeah. Program sources. Jordan, like childhood and like where she grew up.


Sources A field reporter, went to Jordan's mom's sex shop. Did A very good job with this. Yeah, He did a very good job. And that's, I'll, I'll, I'll lead it. I'll leave the rest of you Guys. Okay. So I guess we can just talk about some of the actual bits of news that came out of it. One, he said that she was banned from UNC football. Now UNC football then released a statement saying that while she is not an employee right of UNC football, she is not prohibited from visiting the team facilities. But they did in fact say in the statement, she is not an employee Right. Of UNC football.


Which seems to be a big takeaway because maybe some people were saying that she was acting like she was. Right. And I don't wanna say UNC copied us, but we memes got right on it when the news came out that she was banned from UNC memes released a graphic saying that she's not banned from PMT. Not at all. And she is not. Yep. She, Jordan you are always welcome here girl. So it was like she's banned but then she's not technically banned I, because I don't think like Bill can say she's coming to the office. Yeah. And that's something, but not like as a place of work it sounds like. Yeah. Right. So I don't know what she's doing. I know she's running bill's own personal stuff like his, his social stuff.


But I don't think that she's now officially working with UNC. He also said that she was definitely behind the cancellation of hard knocks. Yes. That there was like pretty early on a, a clear power struggle and they just said, you know what, this is not worth it. We're gonna be out of the Jordan business. Right. Which, that's the beauty of, that's the beauty of commerce in America. Right. You can decide who you wanna work with. Listen, some people they get intimidated working with an alpha like Jordan. Right. And it sounds like the people at HBO, they're like, you know what, we're not gonna be calling the shots here. Jordan. I can already tell that's a tough cookie. I don't want her to take my job. Yeah. She's probably gonna run HBO soon enough. There also was a, there's a little bit of confusion about her age.


She might've filled out that she was born in 2000 in the UNC directory, but she, I think was born in 2001. I don't know when it became appropriate to ask a woman's age. It's definitely not. I thought you weren't supposed to do that. So let's just leave that one aside. It's Very impolite. There's also belief that It's actually illegal to do that stuff. It is illegal in job interviews. And you already said that she was not an employee. Correct. So in this portal thing she was filling out, was she applying for a job and you were asking her Good point. Did you ask her if she was pregnant too? Good point. Because that's also illegal. And also I kinda like to know if she was Yeah. Right. 'cause She might be baby Could fix all this.


The she Then there's also the belief that Pablo floated it out. That they're potentially leaving the, how did we meet thing? Because they're gonna do a reality show. Good. More Jo Don can't wait, need It. I wanna see that. Want more Jordan on That's also very savvy from a business sense. Yeah. Don't, and yeah, don't give that stuff away. That's gonna be Gold. And then the one part that I, 'cause Pablo did a very good job of reporting, even though we might disagree on whether Jordan's a girl boss or not. I think she is the one part that maybe irked me a little. There was, Pablo used an anonymous source that said, one person said, she's the worst person I've ever, ever dealt with on earth. And I've dealt with actual sociopaths.


I'm not saying that is everyone, I'm just saying this story is extreme. That that last part is Pablo. So the, the source said she's the worst person I've ever dealt with on Earth. Earth. And I've dealt with actual sociopaths. Anonymous source. I have an anonymous source about Jordan. I have an anonymous source that this person said, Hey, if we ever want Bill Belichick on, we gotta start being nice to Jordan. Also, she's really hot. Anonymous source, Henry Lockwood. So I don't know, like, dude, we don't do anonymous sourcing over here. I do think it's a probably a bit of a stretch to say she's the worst person I've ever met in my entire life. And People I haven't met a lot of people and I've worked With sociopaths. I never, that source probably also said that before, like, shit hit this, this was when the anonymous source said that it was before this whole thing became a story.


That's, that is true. Like it wasn't, it wasn't That's true. After this thing came, became a story, it Was like, but I'm just saying like anonymous sources can go both ways. Yeah, for sure. Because that anonymous source who said, Hey, if you want Belichick on, you're gonna have to be nice. Also said, she's very beautiful and smart. She is. You're right. Wait, you said that I think that I agree with this anonymous source That also that anonymous source said watch out. Christian McCaffrey may not play football anymore. There was another story in this podcast that was about her kind of shoehorning her way into another commercial. Yeah. So we, we already heard about the Dunking story. Yeah. For the Super Bowl commercial where she's like, Hey Bill, wouldn't it be fun and cute if I was also with you and Ben Affleck in this shot? And I'll just be in the background pumping my fist.


And Guess what, it was fun and cute. America agreed. It was, it was a great commercial. It Was super fun And cute. It was super cute and super fun. Yep. There was another commercial for Underdog where she suggested when she showed up for the shoot that maybe they do the commercial a little bit differently instead of the script that they had for it. What if the commercial was just about her in a yellow polka dot bikini trying to get bill's attention by the pool. Ooh. Which sounds like a great idea for a commercial. Ooh. And then apparently they pretended to film the commercial for her. Oh. And they didn't actually have the cameras running at the time. No, but they were doing it to make her feel like, shoot, just, okay, we'll do what she wants and then we'll move on. That one's tough. Especially production. Like that's, that's a, that's a, that's a nightmare.


That's a production person's nightmare. Oh Yeah. But it sounds like it was a great idea for a commercial. It sounds like we need this footage 'cause it's probably gonna be, you know what, if we could get our hands on that footage, we'll make a a pardon of my cheese steak commercial out of It. Agreed. No problem. Agreed Or short on. We'll have you, we'll pay you to be in a pardon of my cheese steak Commercial. Yeah. Or if you just want to Yeah. Direct the entire commercial as well. Yeah. Whatever you want. We At, matter of fact, Jordan, you are now officially head of production for part of my cheese steaks. Yeah. We'll be waiting for you. And guess what? We don't care how old you are. Nope. 'cause it Well I should, should 18 plus. Cool. 18 plus listen Jordan, you officially, I would like to make an announcement.


Breaking moose. Breaking moose, breaking moose. Breaking moose. Jordan Belichick. Hmm. Is that, what's her, what's her name? She's Definitely Written Hudson. She's definitely written that down in a couple of spiral notebooks. Practice the old signature. I just off on Hudson. Whoops. Okay. But lemme do that again. Breaking moves. Breaking moves, breaking moves. Come on. I'm looking at moves. It's Hudson. Jordan on Hudson. You are officially the first person and the last person to ever be granted lifetime cheese steaks from Pardon my cheese steak.


Wow. Wow. That's Huge. It's you, anytime you want a cheese steak, it has to be for you. You have to eat it. You can't give it to anyone else. Non transferrable that is legally binding. Anytime you want a cheese steak, it's on us. One thing I will defend her on is what if she got like super FETs? No, not her. She works Hard. Never genetics, genetics runner. You don't get third and runner Runner up. Miss Maine the main event. She's Beautiful, she's glowing. You know what, and she'd be, she'd be just as beautiful. Even if she did eat cheese steaks every day for the rest of her life. I would say even more Beautiful because what's the most beautiful part about her is what's between the ears. Yep. And it could be a lot of cheese Steak. Yep. Absolutely.


Don't please Jordon, do not put the cheese steaks in your ears. Is there, is there, I guess there is a big difference. Kind of, but not really of what if Bill she got robbed from made if Bill met her when she was 19 versus if Bill met her when she was 20. I don't, no, I, no, I think it's, Florio said that it's pretty much, I think Flo wrote was like, there's a big difference between a 7-year-old meeting, a 19-year-old and 7-year-old meeting a 20-year-old. I don't, no, that Sounds, that's literally like, sounds like satire. Yeah. Yeah. When you're that far apart, it's like it's it's, it's a big deal no matter what. Yeah. We stand with Jordan. Agreed. Agreed. Also, congratulations to the Miss Maine.


She looks beautiful. I think she got hosed. The one who won. I didn't, I didn't watch any of it. I Just saw the one who won and I was like Yeah. Makes sense. It would've been funny if during the question, I assume they had a question and answer part of Ms. May. I believe so. I think she came out in a gown that said it talked about main lobster Fishermen. Love that. Love That. So that Was cool in the trap. Yeah. Yep. It would've been great. Put On in the trap. It would've been great if they had just asked her that. So how'd you guys meet? Yeah. In the question and answer. Yeah. But yeah, listen, third is not something to be ashamed of. No. Jordan is our queen. Hank, how are we doing? Great. You think she's going to, do you think she'll eat a cheesecake? I think she'll probably pick us up on that offer to be head of production for PMC.


Yep. Love That. PMC Can't wait to work for you Jordan. Yes. Not even with you, but for you. You tell us how to jump. We say how high I'm Gonna do, I'm gonna do my job. Yeah. And that's whatever you say it is. I'm literally, whatever you say it's Eat that humble pie Big time. Good. Yeah, we're good. Okay. Okay. You guys think we nailed that? Anything weird about Anything? One thing that I, Paul didn't talk about as much, but the, she was 19 when she met Bill and she already had an ex-boyfriend that was like a 60-year-old. Well I think they dated when after she met Bill. 'cause they didn't, bill was still dating his ex-girlfriend.


Ah, Okay. So they met and didn't start dating until two years after that. Got it. Yeah. One of my favorite parts of of the story was the old boyfriend that they did a little background on. Yeah. And he has written thousands of reviews on a wine reviewing website. Yeah. Thousands of reviews. Thousands. So it's like pug when he gets on untapped, he always checks in whenever, when he drinks a beer, which rocks and then his friends like, get thumbs Up. Well you do that Pug. Oh yeah. Pugs got Pug is big on Hell yes. The Beer apps. I didn't know you rocked out like that. Oh yeah. I'm tapping in all the time. Yeah. On like a Friday he'll report like drink, drinking a beer and then his buddies be like sick. Oh, That's awesome. Yeah.


Montreal was awesome. We we tapped in. Tapped In a few times. How long have you been tapping in? I didn't know you were tapping. Tapping In for a few years. Like three years. Every time you drink a beer, you tap in. Not if it's like, if it's like a newer beer I haven't had before. Like, it depends, depends on the, on the vibe. If you, if you're out for a night on the town and you, let's say you stick with one like domestic like beer and you have nine of them, do you log all nine of those in a row? 'cause that would be awesome. Probably just, just one. Just one. If it's, if it's a repeat beer, I'll keep it one. We we, we tap in on new beers, New beer only. Got it. So apparently her ex-boyfriend is like that with wine where he writes like these very flowery, very prose like reviews of every single wine that he ever drinks in his entire life.


Yeah. That's a lot man. Thousands of reviews of wine is a Lot. Everyone's gonna have a passion. That's true. You know, people would look at parts of our lives and be like, that's a lot. That's stupid. That's true. You know, like Hank golf so much be like, this guy cares about the schedule release. It's fun to complain. I Don't like, I don't like, I don't like the hate on the schedule. No, the schedule release is fine And just do it all at once. But do it all at once. Don't but trick it. But no, I don't like them hating on us. Yeah. I I'm not, I I don't like the way they've, they've bastardized the schedule release. I think it should just be one. Yeah. I think it should do it with no leaks and just be like, here it is. But them judging us, it doesn't sit right with Me. And like some of the fun stuff on social media that the team accounts do is fine or whatever.


It's like their Super Bowl, they ruined that though with the team accounts. Yeah, but it's too much now. A little too much. I just pay attention to what the chargers do when I move on. Yeah. Oh do you think Jordan will be, is you un C gonna release a schedule? Oh they Should. Jordan. They probably already have that released though. Yeah, That is, that is released. It's released years in advance. Like years Like five, six years. Oh. Oh Jordan. She should do the one for like 2035 UNC schedule release. Jordan, if you would like to do a schedule release with us on where we'll be watching each game, they'll all be in the gambling cave. Yep. But we could make, we could have fun with it. A lot of fun. That would be a lot of fun. A lot of fun. Do you think he's gonna coach Bill? Yeah.


Or Rodan? Bill Bill's the coach. Yeah. I got confused. I think he is. I think he is. I think he is. But now people are, they're asking the question. I think he is. I think He is Hank. Do you? Yeah, that's what he does. I do. I think He is. So when did they start dating? I don't know. Why were you shaking your head two years ago you said? Yeah, but then you were shaking your head. Was she, that Was conf Do we think that maybe just, maybe she was a reason why Bill didn't get an NFL job? Yeah. Maybe like, Maybe she was in the interviews with Him. I don't think that 'cause I, I am team Jordan, but yeah, no, I, there's a possibility.


No, I actually think it's the opposite. PFTI think he started dating her after. And if he had started dating her before, he would've definitely gotten an L job. He'd be commissioner by now. Correct? Correct. It's just something to think of. I think Dr. Blank has actually, I, he did end up, she went to UNC right? What she attended UNCI do. I do not believe so. Okay. That I, nevermind. No, I do not believe so take it back. Okay. I think she did not go to unc. I think Arthur Blank probably texted Bill Belichick and was like, Hey dude, why didn't you tell me about this cool ass chick? Yeah. I would've hired you. Sorry about not calling you back. Yeah. For the second interview. Yeah, No problem. Do we think that had anything to do with how he left New England?


No. They weren't dating then. Right? Confirmed. They Just met Confirmed. Yeah. They were just, they weren't dating. They just met. Okay. Max Hawaii. You're back. Back. You brought us gifts. I brought Gifts. Are any of them the pope? I looked for the Pope. God dammit. It Was, it was tough to find the, the pope in Hawaii. There wasn't a See this one right here? Alright, I'll start with you then. It's an Old ass pope. I thought the Pope needed a friend G Know Justin. Okay, So the the, the Pope got a, the hula a hula answer. Oh Hell yes. Yep. I love that. It it kind of, the, the packaging kind of got, you know, a little destroyed in transit but it, it Still works.


Oh, I don't love that. I don't love that. It still works all get it over here. Lemme see. But that All, everyone's getting two gifts except for Shane who gets zero. Oh, nice. That also comes with a, a homemade bookmark. 'cause you told me you were gonna start reading this summer. Yep. Bought another book the other day. Did you read the first one? No, But I bought another book. So we got, I bought about five books this year. I'm gonna give you give all all the way after. No, no. Bring it in. Pug. Yeah, bring it in. Bring it in. I wanna play with my bookmark. Yep. There's like a little thing on it. Okay. I'll just go around the, in a circle. Hank you're next. I went to a farmer's market in Kauai and this is like a, a homemade little candle holder.


Okay. It came with a little t tea candle. Okay. But that melted in transit. So there's like half of a candle in here that's like kind of broken, but the, the holder is still there and it pretty Cool what happened in transit. Love That. You know, it was far placed, you know it was in my backpack for a while. That and that comes with a magnet also from this farmer's market. Oh, Nice. Alo that says aloha. Alright, memes is next. Yeah. Is that the hello or the goodbye one? What do you guys think? You guys, what do you guys think Looks great for? We're gonna have a great little collection over here. Look it. It looks like Belichick and Jordan. That's a hot couple. So cute. Alright, we're going.


Well you guys just switched up. All right Pug, you're next. Pug. This was from the Farmer's Market. It's a little print from an, from an artist and it's just, you know, a little, So kinda looks like a postcard. You, you went to one farmer's market and you got everything correct. This and then this was from the airport in Maui. It is a salt and pepper shaker. Oh hell yeah. With two. I don't know. It's a Hawaiian salt and pepper shaker. Cool. Yeah. Alright pug. So this is for you. Pug Loves wait a postcard. Thanks bro. I love it, it's like a, it's like a little piece of art. And then the person who made it did a, wrote a little aloha from Kauai at the bottom. Oh, nice. This is for memes.


It's Another, another postcard, Another kind of a postcard kind of. But it's turtles. Mr. Pear. Oh. And then a shot glass of boobs. Nice. Nice. Damn. That's so sick. That's on brand added to The collection. The boobs, glass. How many? How many do you have? Memes? I have two. If people just wanna send me boobs, Jack. I didn't really know where to That's an interesting, yeah. Way to go there. Memes? Yep. Mugs. Mugs. Yep. Mugs. All right. Jugs? Yep. Okay. Jack, I got you a magnet with a bottle opener on it. And then also some dark chocolate macadamian.


Oh, nice. So PFTI was about to do something su super sick, but I got, I thought it would've been mean to the rest of the rest of the team here. I was close to get it. Bringing back a, that means it's too expensive. Like a $300 ukulele. Yeah. Yeah. But then I thought Would've been super sick. Yeah. But it would've been, That would've been fucked Up. Instead you went with a bookmark. It's a postcard. So Instead Of, of A ukulele, I went to that ukulele store. I would've, I would've given up my, the bookmark budget for the ukulele. For kids. The ukulele would've been cool, right? Yeah. That would've been cool. Alright, Whatever. That's always the best way to introduce a gift is like, here's the awesome gift I almost got. But instead it was super sick.


Instead, I got you some guitar picks from that ukulele store that I wanted. Alright. Sick. I Love it. And then also, yeah, from the farmer's market that I went to. So you put the Ukulele on the counter. He was gonna be like, that's gonna be 300 Bucks. I literal the take the picks. I literally did that. I literally did that. Yeah. I wish of the picks. They're 50 cents done. Yep. I got you. Five of them Sold. Hell Yeah, I got five. 'cause I was like, like a dollar. Not, That's actually that. Honestly, that is a great gift because I always need picks. There we go. They always disappeared. I got great Gift max. I got you. Five guitar picks and this little bracelet that is made out of a volcano Lava. Love That. Very Cool. That is very cool. Thank you Max. And that's it.


All right. I'm so, I think I won this with the bookmark. Yep. I think, I think the picks. Dude, Did you see this, this bookmark that I'm gonna totally use for the book I read it Is pretty sick, but it's A bookmark. You told me you were gonna start reading books. Who Wouldn't want to get a gift of a bookmark? You literally just gave me homework. But I am just, I'm helping you pursue your, your hobby for this summer. A fucking bookmark is an insult gift. That's what you, you told me you were gonna start reading. Every time I look at the pics, I'm just gonna think about that sick ukulele. It's gonna make me happy. I'm Gonna, I know I should have got the, I'm gonna pop my bookmark next to the Pope just so I can just remind.


Remind myself how awesome the gifts I get from my boys. Do You have a ukulele? I don't have a ukulele. No. Fuck. Okay. That I also thought about that. I was like, Maybe he's got a uk You're not, You're not fat enough to put The ukulele. I You gotta have some girth to you. Max. You could be a UK ukulele, Max Ukulele for sure. There was this like at one of the, you Know, that wasn't about being fat, that was just the vibe. 'cause you look Yeah, the vibe. I Went to a luo and they had a ukulele player who like travels the world and plays ukulele and it was like the sickest thing ever. She was ripping the ukulele. You can't, you get these. That Was like a doctor is the mother thing. She, She, yeah. She, she, whoa. She Was, I didn't know they made those.


Yeah. Oh, I gotta find her name. You can't be bummed out listening to ukulele. Fuck my, my phone Sad. Wait, what'd you say? I just said you can't be bummed out listening to ukulele. Yeah. No. And very lax. She was ripping the ukulele. She was so good. Damn. Great job. Max. Nothing For Shane. Nothing. Nothing for Shane. Obvious. Well, Obviously, well, Shane didn't give Max. I gave everyone else. I wanted to make sure I gave everyone else two gifts. Two gifts and zero for Shane. Thank you. Max Deserved. This is a fun, this is a fun tradition. We're starting. This is a good way to combat vacation. It's like, hey, like a good way to To, to encourage Vacation. No, but Hank, you people are saying, oh, so oh, the second. Get some more bookmarks of Pope pop heads.


Yeah. People Were saying Max is a new Hank and I, I, I am happy passing Torch Saying Yeah, but then I heard someone, I, I saw that and then they're like, max is literally taking like two vacations in his entire time here. Yeah, I, I agree. He just happened to be very close together. Hank's gonna go broke taking vacations with all the gifts he's gonna have to buy. That's what I was about. Oh my God. Hank better Next, my next vacation. I'm balling out. I want, I want at least three bookmarks. I just don't know when that is. Okay. I got nothing planned. How do you got nothing planned? Just grinding. You are just grinding. I'm just focused on the grind. Are we still on for golf on Thursday? Yeah.


Okay. Alright. All right. Good show boys. Numbers 3 0, 40. You're not gonna get it though. Memes. I got it. What if today's day titty mug One? I'll go with this Titty shot glass. 99 p 44 21. I'm gonna go with 61. Amigo is six. What was your guess? Hank? 41? I don't even think I at one 20.


Oh, Shane. So close. So close. Ain. Gift to the ball bitch. Love you guys.