(0s):
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners, You can find every episode on Apple podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon

(10s):
Music Say hi to can social tonics. Can social tonics spikes their seltzer with weed. Each can is bundled with five simple, clean ingredients to deliver the perfect buzz. And a buzz that doesn't backfire can comes in three award-winning flavors, blood, orange, cardamom, lemon, lavender, and grapefruit. Rosemary can comes in a variety of doses for every drinker, ranging from two milligrams to five milligrams of THC. Head to drink can.com. That's drink CAN n.com. And use code Barstool 20 for 20% off your order of can. And a free roadie six pack sampler can is not for use or purchased by persons under the age of 21. Can products contain less than 0.3%? Delta nine THC that is derived from hemp do not claim to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and have not been evaluated or approved by the FDA

(1m 9s):
Football fans. The NFL season is almost here. Did you know that DraftKings Sports book and official partner of the NFL offers season long survivor pool contest that you can enter right now? That's right. Here's how it works. Head to the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Select the pools tab and find a survivor contest. To enter each week of the NFL season, pick one team to win their game, and if they do, you'll survive and advance to the next week. But here's the catch, you can only pick each team once throughout the season. So choose wisely. Be one of the highest scoring players at the end of the season to take home your share of millions in cash prizes. Don't miss your chance. Reserve your entry now. New customers. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use code BSS during signup. Compete for your share of over three and a half million dollars in total prizes with season long pools only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 8 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age varies by a jurisdiction void in Ontario. Entry fees required maximum entry limits. Apply prizes issued as cash ends 9 8 24 at 1:00 PM Eastern Time. CDK g.co/survivor terms for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

(2m 41s):
On today's part of my take, we have a packed show for the Awls. It is Grit Week day three. And we have Raiders head coach Antonio Pierce, one of the grittiest guys out there. Great interview with him. We went to USC today to run a basketball practice with head coach Eric Musselman, recurring guest. Great guy. He's going to be on the pod at the end of the show To answer listener submitted grit questions. We also have a very special interview. Probably the only podcast that would do this interview we ran into at the bar, the meet and greet the kid, or he is not a kid anymore.

(3m 25s):
The adult who has a kid got his head stuck in the Jacksonville Jaguar statue. So we, we, we did an exclusive with him, which was great. We have the Mount Rushmore of tough things. We're gonna talk Hard Knocks. It was a very good Mount Rushmore, By the way. Great Mount Rushmore. Great Mount Rushmore. We have Hot Seat Cool Throne. It is jam packed show and it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings.

(3m 51s):
Know the beautiful thing about being a sports fan. There's only like two days the whole year without a game. Two, with so much happening and so much action that makes just about every day game day at Draftking Sports book. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the NFL or to the Draftking Sports Book app. Select your team. Place your first bet. It really couldn't be any easier, any simpler than that. We did our NFL futures, the ones we liked. What'd you pick? I picked a little team called the Kansas City Chiefs to win over 11 and a half games. He got a good young quarterback I like and a tight end. Jason Kelsey's brother played tight end and he's pretty good. Okay, I had the Saints over seven and a half. I think they're not as bad as people think they are. Hank, what was yours? That bears. Oh, okay. Yeah, you did that as a troll. If you're new to DraftKings, you gotta check this out. New customers bet $5. Get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings sports cap now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just $5 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance, deposit and eligibility restrictions apply. See terms and responsible gaming resources@dkeng.co slash base.

(5m 32s):
Okay, let's go. I, higher Pardon My Take, presented by Barstool Sports.

(6m 22s):
Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports book app now. Use code take, that's code take for new customers. Get $150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just $5 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, August 7th and football is back. Memes. Are you okay? I'm good. He's crying. We're He's so happy that football's back as well. Listen, we're gonna talk about Hard Knocks in a second. I just wanna set the stage. We are on day three of Grit week. Grit Week. As grit week goes along, the days get longer. I feel like today was a thousand years. Thursday. Today's Thursday we are all kind of running on fumes slash like weird fights, but fun fights all.

(7m 9s):
I don't even know what's going on. I Don't know. Hank was, Hank wasn't being that fun when he was being a bitch earlier. That's a real Hi. Dimity. Right? Huey. We found out also, we found out that Huey says hi Dimity. He doesn't, What Do you guys said that? I don't remember. I said that. I said that memes thinks that. Oh, he thinks that he says it. Okay. He said He thinks that that should be his catch phrase. Oh, okay. Can that be your catchphrase? Hi Di. Hi di. Alright. There it is. Said it. He said, think he Said the words. Yeah, he did the tweet, the smocking tweet.

(7m 50s):
Ity diiv. Say it one more time. Hi, Dity. How do you, how Do you spell that? I don't know. Unless that's, that's, that's, I don't think it's spelled. Yeah. And that's above our pay grade. But football's back football and we are in grit week and we're losing our minds. But in a good way. Yeah. And we did the, we did the close thing yesterday. We had Huey and Pug. Right? Pug went with you. So we're wearing our new clothes. Yeah. I got an outcast shirt. I'm getting a lot of street cred. Big Cat shirt is just awesome. Yeah. But you are wearing like horizontal conduct. Horizontal Sears sucker shorts, which I've never seen before. It's, it's kind of hypnotizing. I Didn't even realize till now. One leg is horizontal. One leg is vertical. That's your, yeah. Your shorts are hypnotized.

(8m 31s):
What the fuck? Kind of cool. It's, I I've been wearing these shorts all day. It's like a magic eye thing for your Crotch. What the hell? Hank is rocking a Daytona shirt. I would just wear this outfit. Yeah. Hank looks good. Max. Max is wearing something. Yeah, I look good. You do Look good. Yeah. What's wrong with mine? Fit? Well, you're wearing a tank top. Yeah. Well, we're in Cali bro. We're in Cali. You look like the owner of the shittiest bar in Mexico. I think the boys look great. I think the boys look pretty good. This today. But yeah, grit week. We are, we're doing the damn thing. So we went, we watched Hard. Knocks, shout out Corby and Susanna. Great Awls. They opened up their home to us. They made buffalo wings and Rosie.

(9m 12s):
Rosie. Beautiful dog. Fuck. I wanted to be the one to shout out Rosie. No, the dog actually did growl at one person and one person only matched. Didn't growl. Did not Growl. It was a growl. Not even a slight growl. It was a growl. It was a Little, I saw it. I was standing. It Was a little hesitant that there was no growl. It was a little Not hesitant towards any of Us. She wasn't hesitant to me. She was hesitant. You guys suck. Okay. No, she rubbed up against my leg. I got, I have dog hairs on my leg. But we, we did it all. We, we had, we had a great meet and greet in Long Beach. Tons of AWS came out. We met the kid whose head got stuck in the Jaguar statue, which we have him on the show later on. Shout out to the guy that just brought me a football. He just came up to us. Yeah. He goes, Hey, PFTI brought you a football and handed it to me. That's the nicest thing anyone's ever given.

(9m 53s):
Yeah. This is the nicest president of all time. Yeah. Because then you got to just have a football and toss around h Hank called the AWS soft as fuck. 'cause they didn't give many drugs. I didn't say soft. I didn't say soft. That's not what I said. And I, I, I was just the last three or four meet and greets, we've walked away with like a lot of weed and was so broad. The entire so broad. Surprised. I was surprised that in California of all places that it didn't happen. But I don't, I wouldn't have taken it anyway. Hey, you don't like them? That's fine. I love them. They're, they were awesome. Everybody was super cool Today. Yeah. So we had a great day and we, we finished it with Hard Knocks at Corby and Susanna's house. What were you gonna say? Hey, I'll Say I'm, you probably will before the interview, but quickly since I'm sure there's many, many people who will not understand the Jaguars kid.

(10m 35s):
Because even our own producers were like, I don't even know What the fuck you're talking about. That's fair. That's fair. There's a famous picture of from 1990 Famous To you. No, this was Is the NFL world. The NFL world. 1997. Yeah. I knew it. I knew it. There's A famous picture of a 9-year-old who put his head inside the Jacksonville Jaguar, outside the Jaguar Stadium. He put his head in the statues, the Jaguar's mouth, and he got his head stuck in the Jaguar. And there's a picture of, of this little kid with his head stuck in the Jaguar. And it's, it like the fire department had to come. He's gonna tell the whole story. I get to the bar today, this kid, this guy comes up to me, he's like, Hey, you've talked about me a lot, but you don't know who I am.

(11m 17s):
And I was like, all right, this is weird. This I'm skeptical. And he's like, I'm the guy kid who got his head stuck in the Jaguar. And I was like, shut the fuck up. And he showed me his id. I then looked at all the, the articles about it matched up. Ti age matched up everything. I used to post a picture every time the Jaguar's lost in my blogs. And listen, If, you if Hank hates this interview, PFTI thought it was fine. I thought it was a fun wrinkle. Don't, I don't think the Hank appreciates the lure behind Jaguars Kid. No. You hate the interview. It's fine. It's, it's a 10 minute interview. It's a funny story. Jaguars, the guy even said to us, he was like, I didn't even listening to the interview. He said, ESPN and I wasn meeting and greeting while you guys were interviewing.

(11m 58s):
He said the ESPN and, and the Jaguars have reached out to him to try to get him to do an interview. And he was like, I saved it for PMT. I love that. Big Cat. I was standing next to him as we started, you know, doing pictures and every maybe first or se like second or third picture, he'd be just, I can't believe he's here. Can met that guy. I couldn't. Well Ja, Ja seen. Well Jaguar's kid is a big deal. Hank this kid is I know a curse Jaguar. I would say that the first, like things that come to mind with Jaguars, it's Blake Bortles and then probably Blake Bortles again. And then distant third Jaguars kid. Yeah. Also Urban Meyer. Yeah. Alright, so that's, we got a shitload for, for everyone. But we should talk Hard Knocks, which is great. I loved Hard Knocks.

(12m 38s):
It was a good, good first episode. I don't think that you did like it. I thought you didn't Like it. No, no, no, no, no. I thought, thought 'cause Big Cat went through some emotional swings during the episode. I understand The storytelling. HBO has to Do I thought they were pretty heavy on the bad Caleb Williams highlights to start. But then they turned around. And I will say right now, just watching it, I mean, Caleb Williams has aura. He's, he's also got a fucking fat ass, which is good because that's the power to, to drive the football down the field. I Made a couple notes during it, just right off the top. 'cause Big Cat did get upset with how they showed his, his bad. The first 10 minutes were just, his bad passes were just bad passes. I was like, where is No, no, no, no. In the first five minutes they, they did a, a montage of some silky silky spirals, Some great passes.

(13m 21s):
It was a lot of bad passes. Passes great. Yeah. And then it was bad passes. Then they showed some good ones. I understand they're doing storytelling. I just, you know, we, and they also did the whole, the whole pun like, oh, everyone can take the L but they want Ws. So I, I made a couple notes here just of big, big cat's initial thoughts behind it. First thing Big Cat Said, wait. Whoa, you, you were, you were recording me when we were just watching. I made two notes. Okay. Two things that you said. You can tell, you can tell me if they're false. Okay. I mean, they're probably true. Okay. All right. First Big Cat thought that they were calling Caleb Williams gay when Iber Flu said the word grinder And it cut the KB Williams was a suspect. Cut. I'm just got listen, everyone shits on the bears.

(14m 1s):
Everyone outside of Chicago is saying the kale blooms gonna be a monumental bust. I have my defenses up. I don't think of That's true a lot people. That's not okay. A lot of people, everyone, he's like, sorry. Its all we, we never speak in hyperbole here. A lot of people are hoping for Caleb Blooms to be a bust and wishing for Caleb Blooms to be a bust, including Hank. I have my Hank Hank's gonna bet on him. I have my guard up. You guys do the same thing with your team. Alright. Alright. You the same thing with your team. So that, that was the first one. So after the gay thing, I don't, I think that's a totally normal thing to have my guard up. I'm trying to defend my guy. Okay. After I'm watching out for negative things. After, after You, you hank you went to jail for Tom Brady.

(14m 42s):
Yeah. I know you had your guard up. Yeah. Right. Okay. So After, so I got my guard up after The gay thing. Next thing was he was stretching and, and Big Cat says Caleb Williams has a nice ass. He does. Yeah. He's got a fat ass. You've never made a sexual comment. No, I'm just saying you, you, you said he had a nice ass. He does. He's got a powerful ass. I want my quarterback to have a big ass drives the ball. He's got a good ass. But I, I think as it went on, correct me if I'm wrong, I I might be psychoanalyzing you a little bit. Yeah. This sounds like you're watching me more than hard. No, no, no, no, No. This is from the first 10 minutes. There were only two things. But I think when they, they did use your clip, which was awesome at the beginning when you said a hundred out of a hundred K Williams was Awesome, will Be the best quarterback in.

(15m 27s):
And they were Chicago base. They playing serious behind it. It was pretty fucking cool. Yeah, it was pretty cool. Par project. And, but then Nick Saban said, the one thing that gets quarterbacks is expectations. Correct. Is that why you were feeling touchy? Because you feel like you've given him big expectations? No. No. I'm gonna, I'm gonna say wild shit all the time. Just like you just like Hank. Yeah. We all say wild shit. Not me. I what? Not you, not me. Well, that, do you want to talk about your gaff? Yeah. PF t's gonna argue on my behalf on that One. Okay. Wait, have I just been deputized as his lawyer? I don't know. Well, you, you I didn't know. I feel like I was in a safe space in Corby and Susanna's house. I didn't know I was being watched as closely as I was being watched. Well, We, we talk about things on the show, show that we Well, I understand personally That weren't personal.

(16m 12s):
I get it. I know that because I have my guard up. Right. I'm, I'm agreeing with you that I'm, I'm psychoanalyzing every moment. But it's because I've been battered to a point where it's like, you know, like when you drop your keys and your dog flinches, that's what I do. When there's any negative thing, I flinch. I think you might feel the pressure of giving expectations to Caleb. No, I don't feel the pressure at all. I'm gonna give expectations to ever. I did the same thing that Justin Fields, I did the same thing that Mr. Bisky, I did the same like go on down the line. Okay. I'm gonna do the same thing for the rest of my life. Caleb Williams doesn't turn out the next guy. I am gonna do the same thing the next guy. I'm gonna do the same thing and round and round and round we go. And then when someone drops the keys or someone closes the door really loud, I'm gonna flinch.

(16m 53s):
Okay. So Nick Saban sucks at Karaoke, by the way. That's that was my, I agree. Yeah. I said that If, you want to criticize Kle Williams about anything he can't sing, Which is fine. Or read What he like couldn't, he couldn't even, he wasn't even trying to sing. This is why I had my defense up. This guy is going see Everybody in the national Media. I'm being, I'm proven correct. Everyone thinks he can't read, Can't read a defense or karaoke machine and I rest my case. No, I'm, this is the guy who just two seconds ago said he was an ally. I am. I am. I am. This is why I have my guard up. And Drake. May you think he's good at karaoke? Definitely. I would rather my quarterback stink at karaoke To each their own. Okay. What else about Hard?

(17m 33s):
Knocks. Okay. Nick Saban. Yeah. He brought Nick Sa Apparently Matt Eber flu. He has a coach. Yes. Because Nick Saban is now coaching Matt Ebert fleece. I didn't understand. Maybe this was just for cameras. And it is a show and that's what, you know, the Kale Williams, the the bad highlights that I was like, come on, show something good. I understand there's telling a story. Did Nick Saban and Matt Elu never have that conversation before? So I was, that, that made no sense. I was wondering that if you're Matt Ebra flues, it actually, it's good that they're having this now when they have Caleb, but I feel like they would've had that conversation when he got the job. Day 100% have had that Conversation day one. Right. He's probably had that conversation. Like he probably talks to Nick Saban every year. It's kind of like the, the clip at the end with Jonathan Owens clearly watching a tape recorded Simone Pyles Yeah.

(18m 18s):
Being like, yeah. Go. It's like, no, she's in, she's going for a gold and you're half clapping. We, we know this isn't live. Yeah. So, so Saban gets in, he talks about what can kill a quarterback. He's giving him advice. And then during that conversation, max chimes in Max says Nick Saban not a great track record when developing quarterbacks. He's Not a QB whisperer. Yeah. That's what they were just like showing Nick Saban as like this wise, like tell all Coach, which he is. But If, you were to say one thing about Nick Saban it, that he is not like a quarterback whisperer. Right. And then, then Big Cat Said, and we started trying to think about quarterbacks that he's had. No, but you took that as like a defense against the Bears for some reason.

(19m 1s):
No. And then Big Cat said, Oh yeah. He was, yeah. My guard is up. That's What I'm saying. Like, yeah, Because you're like, for why is this guy telling him about the quarterbacks Big Cat, listen, I'm gonna have my Guard up without jail and hurts and Then I'm not gonna apologize for having my guard up. I want that very clear. Okay. Memes can memes back me up. You have your guard. This is why you've had a flurry over the year. You gotta always have your guard up. Yeah. Always have your guard up. And here when you're, there's haters like Florio, Hank and Max and You're bat when you're a battered franchise. I, you gotta be looking around the every corner being like, there's a shooter. Not Max, max is best. He said the Jets are gonna win Super Bowl. So I I love Max. He just kept saying that. I was like, after he told us to do a long shot picking, I said, jets.

(19m 44s):
Yeah. But, but he's got his guard up. So he is like your Troll. Yeah. Guard up. Guard up. Hank. That's cool. Anti Flory of the year. No, I, it's, it's natural to have your guard up. But I, I said during we, when we were watching it, that this was like big cat's version of the dynasty, the Patriots documentary where Hank got his guard up, Came with the Patriots and you're like, give me more football porn. I came around after they started showing Caleb's good stuff. I understand. They've gotta tell a story. They're like, oh, he is a rookie. He sucks. I just, I wanna see him throw touchdowns. That's all. Yeah. So It's not too much to ask for. So Max, the jailing hurts comment when you said Saban not really Quarterback, whisper. And they brought up Hertz. I got flustered like I normally do Because you were Actually Corby brought up Herz then.

(20m 27s):
Yep. He was like a, he was a, he was like a fifth member of PMT. Yep. That was a good job. By end. He was Just like, what about Hurtz Max? I got flustered. He came up with a bad answer. And then PF is like, all you have to do is say that he got better when he went to Oklahoma. Yeah, he did. Yeah. And that when he left. That's True. Yeah. Yeah. He Did. He did. Yeah. I, I, I Listen Max, I agree that Nick Saban, I think that was just all like, they're like, we want Nick Saban in this and we're gonna have him do a conversation with Ebra flues a conversation. They probably had a million times the main story of this Hard Knocks is gonna be Kale Williams. So he is gonna talk about Kale Williams. Yes. That's it. Like, there was no, that whole conversation was like basically for show in my mind.

(21m 7s):
'cause again, you cannot com You, you could never tell me that Nick Saban and Matt ifu have not talked about football every single year. Agreed. It wasn't the first time they were doing it. And he was like taking fake notes. They had a very long montage of Matt Ebra flues getting hot. Yeah. Well, funk our guy Funk. He got funked up. Yeah. I don't know how I still feel about that. I would feel, I would feel better about it. He looks better because in some of the clips that they showed from Good feel good, feel good play. Good point. The last couple Of seasons when when he was, he was bald faced and he was like making these goofy, goofy facial gestures Yeah. Or facial expressions. It, it made me like repel in my chair a little bit.

(21m 48s):
Yeah. And then they showed him now and it's like, that guy's hot. Yeah. Oh, I forgot Nick Saban. The, the one funny part about Nick Saban was it's like the best college coach of all time this football genius and also uses the dumbest argument in all of sports. Pey Manning threw a ton of interceptions his rookie year, which is like, there was only one guy who did that. Yep. Who threw as many interceptions as Peyton Manning and then went on to be Peyton Manning. The More interceptions you throw as a rookie, statistically the better you are. It's Every single person has been using that since Peyton Manning being like, If you a rookie sucks. You're like, well, Peyton Manning sucked. And to see Nick Saban use that same dumb logic Yeah. Was awesome.

(22m 28s):
The star of the show was the Canadian offensive lineman that that sang karaoke. Yes. I think he might actually be deaf. Yeah. but it wasn't about the singing. It was about the, it was about the Speedo rocking an American flag. Speedo. Yep. And his buddy in the background clanging the symbols. Yeah. And that was, that was awesome. but it was like doing a speed run of Hard Knocks where usually you get the, the very sympathetic, the guy that you root for right off the bat. Episode one, you follow him, you root for him, you root for him. Then he gets cut in like the last episode. This time it was like, okay, I'm rooting for this guy because he's fucking hilarious and had the most hilarious Canadian accent. And then later on in the episode, he got hurt and he's gonna get cut.

(23m 10s):
Yeah, For sure. Gonna get cut. But that guy rocks. Yeah. He was awesome. It was also, That's the, he's the most American guy that I've ever met. Yeah. He was cool. But he's Canadian. It was cool when Kle Williams said his signing bonus just 'cause everyone was like, oh fuck. And he was pointing at Ryan Polls. The DJ Moore thing was cool. He's an awesome guy. Getting all that money. It was also funny watching Kevin Warren sit there and like read over the numbers at the end being like, yeah, good deal. Okay. Thanks. It's fair on all sides. We appreciate that. I liked it. I, I liked it. I just wanna see Kale bloom should probably throw more touchdowns and I'll see more touchdowns. Yeah, I understand that part of it. I, they did show a lot of his sick throws very early on.

(23m 50s):
Yeah. When they had the spirals. He had a very fuckable spiral. But yeah, there was the, okay, he's struggling a little bit. Do you think he has aura? I Do I. I, I don't think that you can argue otherwise. Yeah. I don't think that's even a question. Yeah. The slip and slide was cool. Also. Tyson Bejan is very funny. Yeah. BeIN's hilarious. The slip and slide thing was funny because that's, there are two things that a coaching staff can do to train their quarterbacks how to slide. And every team does one of these two things. One is a slip and slide. Yep. The other is call up the professional baseball team in your city and ask them. Yes. Do you have any pointers on how to slide? Yes. But football coach, you should be able to teach a guy how to slide without consulting a, a professional about it.

(24m 30s):
Oh Shit. Breaking news. We just had an earthquake. Did we feel it? We we just had an earthquake. I've always Wanted to feel an earthquake. 5.60. Is that what the breaking news was? 5.6. How do we not feel it? Is that the big one Pug texted texted our group chat and was like, the whole hotel was shaking. The RV didn't move. This thing is a fucking tank. Did it? You felt it? I Thought it was just like someone shifting in the, the bus Oh's a fat joke. Me, Huey and Max just locking eyes being like, okay, Wait, is it still going? No, We survived our earthquake. Could Be there could be a let's go after After. It also might have been me yelling about the bears.

(25m 12s):
Cause a little floss there. First Earthquake on the paw. Yeah. So We've done a tornado, we've done earthquake, we've done, we've, we've survived. I'm kind of pissed that I didn't feel it Saying. Yeah, me too. What else have we survived? Totally. We tougher than earthquakes. We just didn't even feel it. Either that or we have really bad balance naturally. And so we just didn't feel being shipped Around that awareness. Yeah. I Was probably focused on how I fucked up the Jalen hurts thing. Yeah. Also, max did say that he was hoping that Kale Williams got hurt on the slip and slide. That's not true. That, that was Hank that said that. Oh, did Hank say that If he got hurt on the slip and slide? Yeah. You're not. Hey listen, it's a little tip for everyone out there. You're not paranoid if everyone's out to get ya. Okay. I, I agreed though.

(25m 53s):
I agree that it would've been funny. That's A fact. Have you guys seen Fact San Andreas? What is that? What are you guys talking about? San Andreas. You and memes starts With an earthquake then a tidal wave. Then just, Are We About to get hit by tidal wave? Do you think the earth knows that it's grit week? I Think it would probably need more than 5.6, but yeah. Maybe. You think There's a tsunami? Should we go catch a wave? We did surf up. We did go surfing. Yeah, we did surfing. That comes out Thursday. I'm bummed that I didn't feel that earthquake. Same. I know. Like I, if I didn't feel it and we were just hanging out, then we could at least lie about it. Right. But the fact that we were recording, we didn't talk about it. So everyone knows we didn't feel it. Do You think the camera's shook? That'd be cool.

(26m 33s):
Earthquake Cam Shake One of those cameras real quick. Oh yeah. There's the earth earthquake. Oh my God. Oh shit. What an earth earthquake. That feels like I'm gonna say a 5.6. Whoa. Alright. Last thoughts about Hard. Knocks. I I am, I wish the bears weren't on Hard. Knocks. That's what I'll say. It's too early for me to get my blood pressure this high. I don't like that. I don't like having, I think I even said during the episode, I was like, how many episodes of this are there? Because I don't, oh yeah, I don't, I'm I'm done watching this show. I'm gonna have to just, but I'm just, I, I'm like, usually August is when I like reserve my energy getting ready for the, the battles I'm gonna go into.

(27m 15s):
And now I feel like I have to fight the battles early and it just, I don't know. Why don't you, why can't Buda Ben just tweeting Whoa. Big earthquake. Hashtag Los Angeles. Wow. What are you gonna say, max? I I would be so excited if my team was on Hard Knocks. We've won something, But it's like you, You've won something. You get more football. Yeah, I understand. Because it's your team. Like it's the most Alone. Max If. You get to be your, Your team's not a joke If no, the commander's Wrong. But you're, you're so excited right Now if they're a joke, I'm, I would excited would Absolutely love that. But you think that it's not like you think that everyone's out to get you when, because They are. I don't think they are. Yeah. You guys were wishing Kill Williams got hurt on the slipping slide. That would've, someone brought it up like they were getting off, off of that slip and slide with like, no footing at the end of that.

(28m 1s):
Okay. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Wait. I agree that they were very, it made me nervous If it was another team. But When you vocalized it, I was like, he's out To get. Okay. So, so, so, so if this, if this was like, if Steelers and we were watching the Steelers, Hard Knocks and Russell Wilson was on a slip and slide 'cause he couldn't slide Anymore. I wouldn't give a fuck. And and you said like, I wouldn't give A fuck. And someone said it'd be very funny. Like, just hilarious though. Not like wishing bad will, but objectively speaking it would be funny if he got hurt on the slip and slide they brought in. No, that one. Wait. Yeah. They wouldn't that They're out ft. If it was the commanders on Hard Knocks and someone said that you would have the same reaction, you'd be like, shut up. No, that's not what I'm saying.

(28m 42s):
I'm saying if somebody said that you would agree. Yes. Objectively it would be funny. No shit. Yeah. Right. If it happened to I agree. I don't know if it happened to Jane. If I beat this upset. Yes you would. Okay. You'd You'd react the same way. That's why I I Be upset. I'd be upset. Yes. Max would be upset. Max would, max would be Upset. Would be upset. Max would be upset. You all react the same way. It's just that this is why I don't, I wish I wasn't on Hard. Knocks, you can't pre PFD Don't pretend that you wouldn't be upset if, if, if it was Jayn Daniels and is like, he like comes up a little gimpy or something and you're like, oh would be a shit. You'd be like, shut up. Don't say that. I would say shut up. Don't say that. Yeah. If he, if he got up Gimpy Yeah.

(29m 22s):
It would be the same thing. And if it was a team that wasn't my team, I would have no problem. That's how all of us react. Guards up. But that's how everyone reacts to fandom. Yeah. but it, their team, they defend. I would love everything else is funny. That's how fans work. I would love to see just, I, I'm with Max where it's like if we get five weeks of extra commander's content, I would be, but again, I'm not in the trenches. No. Yeah. You're not a man in the arena. You're not, you're not right there. Right now. It's, I I'm gonna watch every second. I just, I wish I didn't have to have my guard up this early. That's all. And we're a joke. I don't wanna be a joke anymore. Huey. You understand? You just stopped being a joke. Yeah. I mean the Lions literally just stopped being a joke.

(30m 2s):
I mean, but To that point, it was two seasons after Hard Knocks. True. We had the best season ever. True. So, so I have to wait another year. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Next year will be the Year. Okay. What, what are you doing? Hank Hub? Who? No. So close. So close. Alright. What else? What Else we got USA basketball wins. Yeah. LeBron had quite the moment. Did you guys see that? The Yeah. Yeah. That was funny. The French, there was a, the French swimmer came into the arena and the arena went crazy and LeBron thought everyone was cheering for him. He even put on the crown.

(30m 43s):
It's very funny seeing a guy who's been like main character his entire life, not be main character. Right. But still thinks that he's main character. Right. Right. Hank well did Tatum play? Yep. How Tatum Duke like compared to Joel M Bead? Because that's been the big back and forth. The who's better? No, I mean it's a team game. USA won and B played well. Tatum played well And Bead had a monster game. Monster game only played half. Why? Because they were up so big. They he was tired. We killed The rest of the starters. We're It, we now need to win every game by 30. Yeah. I mean today was domination. And Who would we play next? We we play Joch Serbia. Oh. So, oh, isn't B gonna go home for that game? No, he's gonna fucking dominate. He's, I thought he didn't.

(31m 23s):
Well it's not an altitude. Okay, good. Wait, how high up is France? I don't know bro. I don't know why. Said Max guards Up. Yes. This is, yeah. Guards up. I'm shocked. More People. This guards up for No, this the, the USA basketball is is the, is just reach, reach city for takes. Yeah. Oh hundred percent. A hundred percent. Unless your guys play well then it then rocks. No, it's a complete, everything we've said has been a reach on USA basketball. Yeah. 100%. I'm shocked. PFTU. Like you would, you would have the same reaction to the, he just had his guards up. 'cause we, we flipped it on him and then when it flipped to you don't compare Me.

(32m 4s):
I'm but, but you would have the same reaction p ft To which thing Guards being up. If your team was under the microscope. Guys, you feel an earthquake now. I'm thi now I'm feeling the phantom quakes because I want to feel one. There you go, max. Yeah, there, go Shake it. Shake it. My guard would probably be a little bit up. Yeah. But I would also be, I would be excited. We all have our guards up when our team's under the microscope On show. I'd be excited. I'd be excited about having the team. I am Excited. But guards up. Always gotta get your guards up. Hank's got his guards up. Anytime we bring up Tatum, he's ready to go. No. When you win a, when you win a championship, it's like, who cares? No, that hurts. Yeah, that's true. He's he's right now, right? No, he's right about that. You're actually absolutely right. You're absolutely right about that.

(32m 45s):
Okay. What Anything else in Olympics happen? Snoop Dogg's getting paid half a million dollars just to hang out. That's pretty sweet. Yeah. A Day. Yeah. I was gonna say I think he's made like $10 million. It's crazy. Crazy. It's good money. Mondo Deis pole vaulting record. That was a big story. We met him at LSU six years ago. We met that guy. Yeah, I met him at a tailgate. We were at a tailgate together. I I was like separate. I met him, hung out with him. Like we went to a different tailgate. I was with him for a few hours. Just an, I just thought he was a normal student. Like we just had a good time. He was a normal student, had a good time, was with his friends. And then he followed me on Instagram after I remembered his name.

(33m 25s):
I clicked his name and he had like a hundred thousand followers. Like Oh, track and field star. Yeah. And then he went on to break the world record. Yeah. And then this, he won the gold medal in Tokyo. Then he broke his own world record and won the gold medal yesterday. And like the celebration with his girlfriend went viral. He was like the, the the talk of the Olympics yesterday. Which is very cool. Does That mean he's got a small dick though? It might. That's fine. Gold medalist world Record. Yeah. Model girlfriend. Who cares? Yeah. No one cares. He's Fine. Yeah. So Hank, after you, was it After you met him? That we did the Mount Rushmore of Olympic sports that you think you could dominate at If. you trained. Yes. That was after. And Hank selected pole vaulting. Was he bigger than you?

(34m 7s):
He's Oh, he's maybe a little in a Smaller, no, I mean he's an athletic freak, but he's probably, I don't know, he might be like five 10 or six one. Honestly Dunno. Well he can't be that big of an athletic freak. He needs a pole. Yeah. He had to run fast as fuck. Respond to you when, when you selected pole vault in. Yeah. He was like, you're the dumbest person of all the time. I almost filmed a video with him. The timing didn't work out, but, but He would, if he didn't, when If was athletic freak Would, he just would Hijack. I had, I had it all time. If, if it had, if I had been able to execute my vision, it was gonna be me doing the running and then cutting to him in the same outfit. So it looked like it was me. Okay. That's good vision. It would've been great. Yeah. But yeah, shout to Mondo.

(34m 49s):
Mando. Oh, we, we buried the lead at the start of the show. Congratulations to the Chicago White Sox. Oh Yeah. They Won. They won a game. They beat the Oakland athletics today. So 21 games in a row. Snapped. Yeah. Also, did you guys see today that Schefter was doing a weird thing? He was, it was very smart of him. He was just tweeting out depth charts for the first preseason game. Just to get like it, the interactions were crazy because it was like JJ McCarthy's the SEC second quarterback. Yeah. Bo Nix I think was the third quarterback. I see you chefy that that plays. Although I think Russell Wilson was QB one. Oh so does that mean he is actually QB two? I think so. Are we?

(35m 29s):
They Said Fields was Starting. We're doing Terrance Howard math right now. I don't know but it was, was that not a Story I saw? He had a flurry of him and I was, was like, 'cause I have alerts on for Shef D and each one that came in, I was like, these are gonna do numbers because it's basically like this first round pick is the second quarter, which doesn't mean anything, but it just gives fodder for everyone. Yeah. Listen, we all, we need content this time of year. Correct. We need stuff to argue about. Correct. Just give us a list. That's all people say that all guys need to do is sit around naming names and that's fine. We do that sometimes. But If, you give us those random names in any sort of an order, that's when our blood really gets up. Yes. That's when we have fun.

(36m 9s):
That's a Fact. Alright. Anything else before we do Hot Seat Cool Throne. And they get to the rest of the show. It's been a great day. Yeah. I can't believe we played basketball this morning. I can't Everything.

(36m 21s):
Hot Seat Cool Throne brought to you by our friends at Coors Light College football is never short on intrigue, especially when they're iconic rivals. But you can add to the excitement on Saturdays, Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for college football. Pick 'em where you pick winners each week for a chance to win cash. When the rivalries heat up, it's time to choose chill and then reach for an ice cold. Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment Coors. Coors Light is cold, laggered cold filtered and cold packaged. When the college football rivalries you're watching Heat Up. Choose Chill with Coors Light and DraftKings get Coors Light delivered straight to your door by with Instacart. Going to coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.

(37m 9s):
Hank Hot. Seat Terone. My Hot Seat unfortunately guards up Patriots. Oh, I had them too. On my Hot Seat brand. Uch rumors were were hustling and bustling. It seemed like we were gonna pick up a, a stud wide Receiver, number one wide Receiver for a new quarterback. And then the report, it, the report came out on Monday that said it was basically two deals were in place. One with the Browns, one with the Patriots, and it was just gonna be up to the 49 ERs, or I guess ayu to decide This whole thing makes No sense. And then a report came out today, which isn't official that it's gonna happen with the Steelers. McCaffrey, Christian McCaffrey was an interview called Iuk, his former teammate.

(37m 49s):
Right. Which basically means everyone, everyone knows he's gone. I just don't know where he is going. But apparently it's not the Patriots. And Kyle Shanahan said something along the lines of, it's hard to get better as a team when you lose a great player. Right. So I don't, I just dunno how the details aren't confirmed or out. But I was hoping it was gonna be the Patriots and it's not. Yeah. So which means he, I think it means he doesn't want to come Here. That's what it means. So, so the, that's, that's, that's bad. So what happened, what happened was the Patriots, when the, the word got out there that things fell apart, they issued a statement being like, we're full steam ahead and we love the guys we have, so we're no longer gonna produce, pursue that. Then word came out that Brandon Iuk did not want to go to the Patriots.

(38m 29s):
So it, it sucks for you. Hank, I'm sorry, I don't Understand. You're not fired. We quit. Brandon Iuk is even doing the whole training camp. Even though he's like, I don't want to be here and I want to be traded. But also I haven't agreed to a trade. But you guys have agreed to A trade. I don't think he's done that, but it is like very similar to what Deebo did a couple years ago. Yeah. But then Deebo got the deal done. So Iuk probably thought maybe this is gonna happen. Get The deal done. Yeah. Yeah. So now, now he's either gonna be a Steeler or a Brown. Huh. Steeler would rock, It'd be very uns Steelers like, wouldn't it? Yes. Like make a deal like this in the middle of the training camp for a wide Receiver. Yeah. I mean they also, yeah, they just draft great wide receivers. Yeah. They never need a trade for him.

(39m 9s):
Okay, good. Hot Seat. My cool throwing is the market We're good. False alarm the other day. Oh, no worries. Because you told us the world was ending. Well Did you, oh you said World War ii you said World Wari. No, you said World War ii. I said Black Monday. but it was, it was more of like a light gray. It was, it was chill. Well, What happened? What happened was Hank, Hank as an, as an economist yourself, I have no idea how you didn't pick up on this. It was bad on Monday, but then Black Monday ended and now it's fine because it's no longer Black Monday. Yeah. I gotta, I gotta do some more research into Japan. But I think like it's all, Japan's gotta plays a big, plays a big role. They fucked this up I think. But now they're like, you know, I don't know. I don't, I don't know what to print More money.

(39m 50s):
No, I think that's the issue. I think What? But not If. you print more money. No, that's bad. No, but If you, okay, so if you're out, That's what happened to. Right. But just keep printing money. What ha Who Had had a threat on the country about this the other day? Oh no. Oh Which country was it? It was either Chile or Argentina. They just kept On printing money. Yeah. They were like, They were a booming economy in the thirties. But That's the problem. I think it was Argentina. I think you're probably thinking of Germany. But anyway. No, In Germany they had to carry cash around in wheelbarrows. Yeah. But they see my theory is that they just didn't, they, they stopped. You gotta go through the wall. So like when you're like, oh we printed so much money that it doesn't like it's not worth anything.

(40m 33s):
That's when you print even more money. Right. You can't quit printing money. You gotta be committed to printing the money. And then when people are like, you've printed too much money, then you have to print more money than you originally printed. Correct. You like If, you print twice as much money as you did the time before then you're good. Right. You just have to be committed that it's almost like you're just not committed all the way to the process. The process is printing money and the minute you stop printing the money it ends. Right. Yeah. I Listen any of our econ takes that are incorrect. Blame Hank Lockwood. 'cause he hasn't taught us anything. It's true. Yeah.

(41m 13s):
We need that lesson. Also. Rough and rowdy. Yeah. That was my cool terone. Okay. Nevermind. I'll talk about rough and rowdy. Cool Terone. Done. All right. PFT Your Hot. Seat. Hank stole my Hot Seat with New England Patriots. But that's fine. So I'll just think of something else that I, oh, Hot Seat, Arizona Cardinals. No. Hot. Seat is people in Arizona's teeth because the Cardinals just released a new dessert that they're selling at the stadium. Which I'm, I'm convinced that teams do this just to get impressions on social media. I don't think that many people actually order them, but they're looking for the next like epic meal that is sold at a stadium. Right. And so they released a, a candy, was it cotton candy stuffed burrito where it was like just filling.

(41m 55s):
It was filled with all these different sugary cereals and nobody's actually gonna eat that. Right? No one's gonna order it. It's just something that you want to order. Take a pic. Actually that's a good idea for a restaurant. Boys. We had, we should do a a like ver the most ins Instagramable food. But it's disgusting. but it looks awesome. People come in and they buy it. Take a picture of it and then throw it away. Yeah. Or Give it back to us. They rent the food to take the picture, give it back to us. Then we sell, we rent it to the next person. Remember early Pardon My Take. We had the idea we were gonna create a fake team and then create fake menus to then try to do Darren Revelle and it was gonna be like a shit in a Frito.

(42m 35s):
Yeah. And then I created the account and we said it was gonna be like the Montana Black Bears or something. Yeah. But I did Montana's state code is mn mt. And you did MN for Minnesota? No, I did Mo For Missouri. For Missouri. And then I just quit. That was a good idea. Yeah. That was the, that was the whole story. Huey, maybe that's something for you. You ever shit in Frito? No. No I haven't. No I haven't Possibly. Would you Dorito? No. Have you shit in any type of chip? Not to my knowledge. Okay. Good answer. Where's the, where weirdest place you pooped?

(43m 18s):
I, I, I got, I Got nothing. That would've been awesome. If. you just dropped like my ex-girlfriend's face. Or if it was like a, a bag of candy. Yeah. Never chip. Yeah. In my hand. Okay. Your cool throne. My cool throne is internet debates. 'cause there was a take, I think Draymond Green put this out there. He said that the 1992 dream team, the original dream team. Did he say that they would spank the current one? Oh, I don't know. I didn't see this. Yeah, I Think, I think he said that. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it Was, how can you say that If you're a current NBA player? Well, he is a throwback. Yeah. He, because he sees himself as being like Dennis Robin. Right. He's a the jump Shot. He's throwback guy. Born in the wrong era.

(43m 58s):
I think that, I think that's true. I think that the original dream, you don't think so, Hank No Modern game. More shooting. Like if it was If, you literally just took them in a time machine and dropped them in 2024. The 20 20 14 would smoke them. I don't know, smoke. I disagree about smoke. Smoke is not, smoke is not the right word. It's the same players and Not The word playing the same type of style. Smoke's not the, they went on, Smoke's not the right word. They went on a 46 to one run at one point's not the Right word. Yeah. The other countries like didn't start playing basketball until after that time Of ar saboni Also, I fucked it up. He said, quite frankly, I'm taking the 2024 dream team. Oh, okay. So seven days. Seven days a week. That's what I'm saying.

(44m 38s):
You can't be a Current player. Alright. I got a better, I got a better dumb debate for you. I got a better dumb, I got a better dumb internet debate for you. Ready for this Maggie Gray who hosts a show with our, our friend Mlo Perlo. That's A good one. This is, this is valid. She, she had to take, can you really brag about being the fastest person on earth? If. you win a race by 0.005 seconds. So when you win a race by 0.005 seconds, does that mean that the person that you beat by 0.005 seconds is slower than you? Yes. Okay then. No, she's wrong. It's crazy. I don't understand the argument. Yes, you could brag, you won the Olympic gold for fastest person, But, but by how much?

(45m 18s):
But, but you won. How did we By how Much? But you won. It doesn't matter how much. I think a better debate off that would be can you really brag about being the fastest man alive? If. you win the a hundred meter dash because who decided that was the fastest man alive? Yeah, true. Why not? 40 meter dash. Why not 40? Why not the combine? Why Not five meter dash. Yeah. Get off. But yeah, I think Noah Lyles can If you win the gold medal. Yes. You won the gold medal. Embrace. Did he set a world record too? No, No, no. That's Hussain Bolt. Oh, that's Right. He can brag about being the fastest person to ever live. It's ever lived. Yeah. Which is pretty cool. Alright. My Hot Seat is Kyle Uzma.

(45m 59s):
I follow this account called NBA alerts, which is very Funny. Was doozies the Celtics. Are, are Oh, so this was Kyle Kuzma waking up this morning up 5:14 AM Pacific time. NBA alerts tweeted Kyle Kuzma is now following Ms. Thick overload. Oh. And then, wait, Lemme look Her up. 7:22 AM Kyle Kuzma is no longer following Ms. Thick overload. How long was that? It was about two hours. He lasted pretty long. That it's, I clicked on Ms. Thick overload. Come on it. She has, it's just straight porn. Oh, Just straight up porn.

(46m 40s):
Yep. There it is. All Right. First, first, first tweet. My pussy said hi. Yeah. Yeah. It did high Back. That's a, that's a brutal one though, to have that. And, and that's also way too early in the morning to be that horny Or on the West coast. But even still, if it's eight Yeah, you're right. I mean, that's 8:00 AM to be following Ms. Thick Overload. Yeah. I might, I might give her toss or follow here. Yeah. I'll tweet PFT commenters Now following Ms. Thick overload. I'm following her. Just, just so that I know what my favorite players are doing. Yes. In, in their free time.

(47m 14s):
Yes. And then my cool throne is R and Rowdy. This Friday, rough and Rowdy. We're gonna wheeling West Virginia. We have a retirement match between our guy Mikey Bets and the Abel Brothers. He's fighting on behalf of Frank the Tank. It's gonna be awesome. I'll be there. I think Nick Tyranny is gonna be filling in for Caleb. He's from Wheeling Rone, Dave Robbie large, all the crew. So get excited. We're gonna be doing Rough and Rowdy Friday night. It's an awesome card doing the anthem. Buy r and r.com. Go buy r and r.com Right now,

(47m 46s):
Huey, My Hot Seat, it's the Utah Jazz. Oh. They just gave Lori marketing a five year, 200 plus million dollar contract. But the kicker, he can only be traded on the exact trade deadline date. What? So he can't be traded for six months. Oh, that's part of the co Yeah, that's, that wasn't specific to his construct. No. Yeah, yeah. But the only day he can be traded is on the trade deadline. It just happens to fall on that day. So if they don't trade him then, then their, their potluck committed to him for a whole other year and for at least until another season. So a calendar year. Lori Marketing's gonna be a, you know, a near $50 million guy for the Utah Jets.

(48m 28s):
He's A very good player. He's a very good player. Shout out Lori. Not, he's not worth that much money. How much Would you pay Him? I'd pay him 35. Okay. Okay. So you think Danny Ain Doing too much? Okay. But I, Yeah, He's Already, you overpaid him by $20 million. He's Not on your team anymore. Hue analytics. Yeah. I mean, that's just two re two recurring guests. You, you're, yeah. Lori was on the show. He's, he's a rich man who's gonna be an all NBA player one day. Yeah. Right. So why won't you pay him? Alright. I I, I just shouldn't have said all me. Yeah. Allstar. I was to Dive in a little bit about That. An All star. He'll be a back-to-back Allstar again. I feel good about that.

(49m 9s):
I think it'll be, I think it'll be fine. Teams wanting to trade for him now they're, they can't. So that kind of closes their, the Utah jazz a little Bit. The trade deadline thing is interesting. That's kind of a weird, but If, you, This is the only one day. Yeah. But If you're the Utah Jazz, you think, like this year you might be like, man, if we had those extra $15 million we could win a championship. No, but what you're gonna have to, what you're gonna now do is have to, you're essentially saying that this is, we wanna trade him, but we also can only trade him for one day. And the next 365. Yeah. So if we don't trade him today or that one day, then he's ours. But we are paying him in a way to where we could trade him this, That would kind of rock. It's an Exciting day for, for Everyone. Yeah. That would kind of rock if, if it was like that with every player. Like you have 24 hours to trade and then you can't do shit.

(49m 52s):
You just have to live. It's called consequences of your own actions. You have to live with him. Yeah. Well, and it could be, God forbid, some tampering a few days before. I, I don't think that would happen. I, I, the NBA is not known for that, so I wouldn't think that. Okay. My cool throne pit bull. Yes. You should have mentioned this Big news there. Dai buying the FIU stadium for 1.2 million a year. Wow. Or to put his name on it. So it's the Pit Bull Stadium. You guys are so distracting. Hank and Memes. Sorry, what are you guys doing? Trying to podcast your voice. Yeah, no, memes are distracting. What are you guys doing? He's looking up. I dunno. What do you have to share with the class? Talking About school lunches. What is going On? Memes is, I don't know.

(50m 32s):
Huey was talking about pit bull. What is going on? Memes. Hank almost just pressed retweet from the part of my take account that said, sorry. But I will never understand people being against free meals for kids in school. I do not give a shit if families who can't afford lunch, get free lunch, feed the fucking kids. I just got distracted. You were doing it. You were doing it. I was Just trying to hit retweet on Something and that was a tweet. Got it. That that, we should have mentioned that. What's his name? Tim? What's his name? Tim Walls. Tim Walls football guy. Football guy. Ran a four Non political football guy. Ran A four, four defense. I don't know if that, if, if that plays at all levels, but it played Minnesota High School. But he took them from like an oh and 17 to three state titles. Three state.

(51m 12s):
At least one. I don't know how many won. We haven't Had a football coach or like a football guy. Who, who would be the last one? Gerald Ford. Gerald Ford. Gerald Ford would be the last one. Yeah. See The only president that was never elected? That's a good question. I don't know. I think he was Washington was George. I think he won the first election. Okay. Yeah. Okay. That what democracy was built on. Lyn? No. Andrew Johnson thought he got it. Andrew Johnson is the one. Right, Because he got, he, he took over for Lincoln. Mighty killed Lincoln. And then he got impeached. And then I think he said, fuck you guys. I'm out. Gerald Ford did not get elected. Won Donald. Yeah. He, he took over for Richard Nixon and that was it.

(51m 53s):
Yeah. But Joe Ford. Joe Ford all Time football. What is going on over here? Hank is on his demon time. He's just like, what is going on? No, I'm just, I got a DD I'm, I'm $80. What did you say? Iguala. Oh, wait, wait. So for what? Wait, What? What Iguala? I don't know. President. You're just, You're just saying Iguala. He's President of the Players Association. Oh. Oh, he was. Andrew Johnson did not. I don't think so. He was, he's not. Oh yeah. No. Andrew Johnson didn't as well. 'cause he took over for, for, Yeah. Oh no. Andrew Johnson. When was the election?

(52m 33s):
He was president for four years. Oh, it's a little history. So he might've been elected then? He might've been elected. Sounds like he was Presidency. Lincoln and Johnson. Okay. No, I He might not have been. You might be right. So Gerald Ford and how did we get here? Oh, Gerald Ford's the last football guy. Yeah. Iguala Football guy. He's not even we. I know he says something. I know. I know. And then Just walks away. I know. And then just goes back on his phone. He's the acting executive director Is in the National Football League Basketball. Okay. Okay. So not a football guy? No. Okay. Okay. Glad we Got to the bottom and not a president.

(53m 14s):
Yes. Yeah. Acting executive Director. Okay. Apologies. Alright. Pit bull Acting exec. Executive director would be a good name for John Wilkes Booth too. P Pit Bull's got a stadium. Yeah. Pit Bull. Put his name on a stadium in Florida. So it's called the Pit Bull Stadium. Yeah. Y yeah. It's gonna be A do dome. Mike Vick's gonna go there all the time with that name. So, so I think this opens up the door now. I think this opens up the door So much. You're just, your your, your brain is gone right now. That'd be a great name. Oh, That's not a dome. Okay. But yeah, I think this opens up the, a world for celebrities now to start saying, you know, what school can we get our name on?

(53m 56s):
What stadium? Because 1.2 per year, not nothing, but, but It is FIU We almost did Mercedes-Benz. Yeah. Parcel Sports. We also did almost did Buffalo. Yeah. Yeah. That Would rock if just celebrities did it. And they just named it after themselves for a year. Yeah. I got, when, when that was going on, I was in big into naming rights. I wanted to do like, naming rights for like, people's man cave, Which Would be sick if I just had like a If. you show me a sick man cave and I just pay you like a thousand bucks to make it. My man cave would be cool. Right. But, but you're right, like $1.2 million for have so much laid up like a mid-level school. Yeah. Yeah. Is not a bad deal at all. Yeah. And it's one year, but still.

(54m 36s):
Yeah. Yeah. But you get one year of having your name on the side of a giant stadium. Yeah. That'd be cool. Really a good deal. Yeah. I mean, Compared to what about the Miss thick overload dome? Mm. Followed by PFT. You're followed By PFT. How much would that cost? What? What's a good like 2.4? 2.4 2.4 price goes up when it's Rated. You got Matt down. We already need You gotta, it's gonna be a little inappropriate. Well, I didn't even tell you the school. Oh well school. I, yeah. Alright. Yeah. B-Y-U-B-Y-U Three Three. Done. Done. Yeah. Ms. Thick overload. Stadium. No Dome. It's gotta be dome. It's gotta be dome. It's Gotta be the dome. It's gotta be a dome. Also on, on Twitter. She's thick overload.

(55m 16s):
ENT. Is she your nose? Is she a doctor? Entertainment. Oh, Okay. Oh, Youi. I I've been around the porn game once or twice. You're a porn guy. You don't, not it tell you truck. Wait, we No, I didn't know You've been in porn. No, I Was just meant watching. You love Porn. Okay. You love porn. No, no, no, No. You addicted to sex A sex problem? No. No. Not at all. Not one problem. Hank, any last words before we get to our Mount Rushmore? Ty. Ty? All right.

(55m 51s):
Our Mount Rushmore is brought to you by Paramount Plus. Paramount Plus is once again your home to stream the NFL on CBS all season long. Follow all the exciting on field action and stream your live local NFL on CBS games every Sunday, all the way through the a FC championship. You can watch from your smart tv, tablet, phone, or any device. And all you need is Paramount plus account. Sign up and sign into Paramount Plus today and get ready for any another thrilling season of the NFL on CBS streaming. Live on Paramount Plus go right now. You need Paramount plus your football guy. Paramount Plus is a must. So go right now. Paramount Plus.

(56m 29s):
All right, let's kick it to ourselves. Mount Rushmore of tough things. Okay. Mount Rushmore time. We are sitting in the USC locker room. We are gonna have Mus on at the end of the show for some FAQs about grit, which was great. We just did a workout. Max. Looks like he threw up on himself. That's called Sweat. It was sweat. That's called Max. You guys shower Max put a Samurai. You guys were able to shower. I was setting up for the pod so that, that, that could be a tough thing. If, you were If you were to ask. Yeah, It is a tough thing. Yeah. So we're gonna do the Mount Rushmore of Tough Things, which feels very open-ended. This is one of those ones. I really wish I wasn't going first, but I am going first.

(57m 11s):
Yeah. And we have updated standings. Who won the last one? Hank? I think Hank did. Hank's. Hank's fully back right now. Hank's. So yeah, it's 47. I'm not, it's over after this 1 47. Max 40. Me on My notepad. Oh, Max's already won Hank's 32 and pf T's got 31. So we got a new loser right Now. Yeah, it's okay. It's a long season. It's A long season. Mount Rushmore of tough things. Anything we wanna say before I, I'm woefully unprepared. I am as well. I, I think I'm prepared. I think I'm prepared. Okay. I think I'm, I would also like to say when we were, we talked about it when, when we talked about, you know, things you thought you were gonna do when you were younger and going pro and basketball. I always, I always thought I was gonna play basketball at USC and then go pro, so, Oh, that was your Goal. So this is a dream day.

(57m 52s):
This is a Dream. Dream come true. That's awesome. Shit. Well, you were right. You played basketball at USC. Yeah. That's now I gotta go pro Today. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think that Muss is gonna give us a scholarship. No, I don't think we were very good. No hustle though. Yeah. Yeah. You tried A lot of hustle. Okay. Mount Rushmore tough things. I have the first pick. Yep. So it's Big Cat, hank Max. Me, then back. Yes. All right. I'll go one. One. I'm gonna go a safe one 'cause I don't know where this draft is gonna go. Tough things. Navy Seals. That was my one. One Was it? Well, troops Navy. Yeah. Navy seals tough As Has to be like the Yeah.

(58m 34s):
Tip of the spear. Tip of the The spear. Spear. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Tip of the spear. Tip of the spear sphere. Tip. Tip of the Sphere. Yeah. I I actually don't think That's when you eat so many mushrooms at the sphere that you get, I Don't think that spheres have tips. They're tip They have heads. They Actually kind of look like though a big tit. The tit of the sphere. The tit of the sphere. Yeah. That's the, they put a Nipple on the top. Yeah. James Dolan that creep. Okay. My one, one Navy Seals. What do you think, Hank? I think it's a good pick. Oh, okay. I think it makes me question my own pick. Like I said, I am not prepared. I'm gonna go childbirth. No, Wait, it's not Your pick. Yeah, it is. It is. Oh, it is? Yeah. Yeah.

(59m 14s):
Childbirth. Oh, okay. Interesting. Thought P was after. That's No, That's good answer. That's one of the hardest things anyone could ever do. It's a good answer, eh, Heartburn. Yeah. Also Being like having a big shit. If. you give birth and it's a c-section, then you're not, you're not pushing anything. Yeah. They Do a lot of, there's a lot of drugs involved. Taking The easy way out. I respect All. No, just I had it list. I had it on my list. Yeah. I had it. I had, I had it. Being pregnant is also, yeah. Just like the whole process. I had pregnant women, but I feel like that's Yeah, they're tough. Tough. They're tough. They have the strength. They can, they could pick up a car. I think that's While they're giving birth Mother. Yeah. Yeah. Same. The same thing. Yeah.

(59m 54s):
Yeah. Women can just pick up a car. Everyone knows that. That's Good. I kind of, that's one of those tiktoks that went viral. Guy tries to pick up a car. Kid, woman. No. Yes. Okay. Okay. I'm going to go first. Responders. Mm. Okay. Tough, tough, Tough. Yeah. Very tough. Running, running towards danger. Which one's the toughest? Yeah. I love, I like, I love Which one have you had to pick? If. you had To. Well, Marlon's man is one. If. you made a call. Responders, which, which responder would you hope showed up first? I, I hope I love all responders. I don't want to, I don't want have alien. You don. Wait. All responders, responders matter. Don't have you called Sandal. You call for the first responders and Marlon's man shows up. Are you like that? No. No. He's a First responder. Every, Every first responder minus Marlon.

(1h 0m 36s):
Marlon's man. Oh, Are you including reply guys? He gonna because reply guys. Yeah. Like they're literally responders Comments? Nope. First Responders. First responders. The guy who? The guy at, the guy at 3:00 AM who says way to push the button Max. Is he count? No, I'll go fireman. I got a buddy. Shout out Molly. Okay. Shout out Molly. Only cops. Yeah. You don. Only cops. F-F-D-N-Y Hate cops. Only fan Acab. Max OnlyFans models that have notifications set on for Adam Schefter. Then they reply immediately. Respond. I'm done with, I'm done. I'm done with the the reply guy. I'm not answering anymore. Questions. Responders on reply guys. First responders. Okay. Correct. PFTI Can't believe this fell to me.

(1h 1m 17s):
Hockey players. Mm. Hockey players. Tough. Hockey. Tough hockey. Tough. Yeah's. Anyone complain? Good. That's a Good question. That's a good, good answer. Even a good answer. That's a very good answer. Okay. The troops was a good one. I had the troops On. The troops is my one. One. Yeah. Yeah. So for my second one, I'm going to say passing a kidney stone. Now, not to belittle Hank's point about childbirth, but when I passed my kidney stone, I was in the hospital and, and the nurse told me, she said, I've given birth to three kids. Passing a kidney stone is the worst pain I've ever felt in my entire life. Wow. She said that. Wow. That's pretty good. But shout out women. Shout Out women. Shout out women. Shout out women. We love women. Yep. They Can have kidney stones too.

(1h 1m 58s):
Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. We love women. My turn. Look at that chick. Look at that chick. Okay. Show my turn. Yeah. I don't know what Hank's doing right now. He's trying to, he's googling. I'm going to go with strength coaches. Ooh. Okay. Good one. That's good. Okay. That's a good pick. Yeah. Thank you. Ben Herbert was tough. Yeah. Very tough. Hank I, I'll, I'll stick with the one I other one on I had in my notepad. I, I'd give anything to see Hank's notepad. It doesn't really fall. Follow this theme that we're going with here. So it might hurt, but holding in, puke in an Uber or in a bar.

(1h 2m 38s):
I like that. Yeah. No, I actually Max, you don't like doing that? I've seen you. No. Yeah, I like that as an answer. Think I actually did it Yesterday. Yeah. You guys don't even know. I puked yesterday. Oh, yeah. Yeah. From what? We weren't, we weren't in an Uber, so you could be like, I'm gonna puke and just open the window. But If, you're in a car, like you're in an Uber with people and you have to puke, but you can't just do it like, yeah. There's nothing, there's nothing harder. There's nothing tougher. Yeah. And in the ad I chugged water as fast as I could. And you know, when you chug water, it goes down the wrong side and it just like sits in your chest. Yeah. So it was just like a quick, I gotta get this outta my like chest Water puke. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. But I would have my head out the window. You are like, Hey, We gotta pull over real quick. And I laughed. He's like, no, I'm serious.

(1h 3m 18s):
It's crazy. Are you gonna get that like $250 Uber charge? No, when we were in our car. Okay. Yeah. But I timed it well. I was just like, I was sitting there like, I think I can handle this. And then I was like, nope. I'm, I just gotta get it outta my system. So Yeah. That is, that is tough. Okay. I got two picks. I will go. City of Pittsburgh. City of Pittsburgh. Tough, good. Built on steel. Just that whole city is just tough. It's a steel city. Fries on The sandwiches. Dudes. Yeah. Yinzer. They're just tough. And then I'll go with one that's a little, kinda like Hank, that's a little off the board from my notepad.

(1h 3m 59s):
Dealing with Hank when he wakes up in the morning. That's very tough. Yeah. Probably tougher than childbirth. Yeah. If, You actually have to do it. Like if childbirth verse, like if you're like, Hey, every day you have to just wake up Hank, I'd take childbirth. Shout out, shout out to my mom and my sister. 'cause growing up toughest, Toughest women ever getting, Getting me to school. Yeah. I, I can't even imagine. Like, Just You the first hour of the day cringe. It's, It's the toughest. It tests our friendship every time. So when we're on the road together, especially, it's just like, I think Hank's getting better in the morning though. No, I've had, I've had two great breakfasts with Hank. Well that's 'cause he's that's on his time though.

(1h 4m 39s):
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's on his time. I, I've woken hank up probably like a dozen times in my life. And I'm convinced that the first, I dunno, 15 minutes of Hank's life when he wakes up, he's just blacked out. He's just still asleep. But he walked around. He tried To punch one around of us. Thursday morning is gonna Be great. He tried to punch Us. Hank, do you have like, he threw a punch. You have, do you have morning? I almost killed one of my friends. I was sleepover when I was kid. Yeah. Do you have morning amnesia? Do you not remember the first 30 minutes of your day? It's Not amnesia, but it's like, it's bad. It's like, it's like Dr. Jekyll, Mr. Hyde where like, I'll say and do things and I'm like, oh my God. Like that was, that was insane. Like, I was so mad. Fired up. It's like, I've had girlfriends and stuff too, where it's like, I just, you, you, you say stuff you would never say otherwise and then you're like, why would I, like, I don't know what happened to me there.

(1h 5m 24s):
I was just, it was the first 30 minutes shouldn't count. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Your pick Hank? I will go bomb disposal engineer. Oh, okay. Jeremy Retter. Yeah. Nice, nice. Oh Yeah. Nice. That is tough. Love That. Huh? It's pretty good. Are Those, everyone knows one of those guys? It's Pretty specific. Pretty good. Are Are, are they tough though? Because if you're If you have a bad day as a bomb disposal engineer, you're just dead. Yeah. Also unn necessarily. Wouldn't the tougher guy be the suicide bomber? No. That's coward. Why? They're literally blowing themselves up. That's tough. Yeah. Yeah. But they're not, they're not sticking around. Okay. Okay.

(1h 6m 4s):
They don't have to deal with their shit. Yeah, That's true. Okay. Bomb disposal. Yeah. Wait, is that a first responder? No, Because they're usually No, because usually at Firefighters, like, Hey, I think we got a bomb. And they call Marlon's man. Then he calls. So they're actually tougher Mar Yeah. Yeah. You can say that they're Tougher than first responders because first responders are too scared to respond to that. So you hate first responders? No, I'm just saying you don't respect first Responders. Responders, but you hate cops. Yeah. That's not true. Cops are cops are in my, in My firefighter. Well, you said firefighters Firefighter. I I have a friend. Shout out Mulley. What About, what about a tow truck driver? If a tow truck driver gets there before the cops do. Is he a first responder? To what?

(1h 6m 45s):
Stop asking me about the first responders. Okay. Well We have to dive into these questions. All right. Nurses Or cops? I love all, I love all first responders. Ian, Who? I dunno who that is. He was the assisted suicide doctor. Oh. Who's just killing people. Okay. Is that him? Is That, I don't think that's a first responder. I'm Just asking, I'm asking you questions. I Don't, that's a first simple question. You're just, you're just saying random people and being like, that's a first responder. Like pug pugs a first responder, love pug. Pugs a first responder. I don't know. You're just saying random people and they're calling the first responders. That's p No, that's a doctor.

(1h 7m 25s):
It's it's in line with what you were saying. Yeah. He Is a he is a video podcast guy. Correct. First he's the first one to click post on the YouTube and the Rumble. That's not a responder though. That's That. You click the button, I click the podcast button. That's, that's, that's one thing that people that Oh, So they gotta start saying good, good push on pug. Correct. Damn. Pug Doesn't every, every, so You're stolen better. But If you I I'm the one who just brought it up. Wait, but what happens though? So you're also putting, if it's late, they're gonna say Bad job pug. Yeah. Oh, I don't know about that. I don't, I don't want our dear pug getting Yeah. The late can be made early. Can be pugged. Okay. I like that. You Like that Sounds good. What About corrupt cops?

(1h 8m 7s):
Can we stop with this? Can I make one? What are about firefighters that are actually also arsonists? I don't, are You talking about there's gotta be one of them. Rico Bosco. It's not true. Next pick. Yeah. Can't believe this lasted fullbacks. Mm. Good pick. Good pick. Good pick. I thought Fullbacks was gonna be in the first, in the first round. All Right. I mean, offensive linemen have to play a lot more. Yeah. They a block a lot more Than Pick it situational. Yeah. I mean I'm like more of, yeah. I won't, actually won't get into my own strategy. Okay. Okay. Good pick. Max. Were you gonna pick that? Yes.

(1h 8m 49s):
Shit. Okay. I'm gonna go with Ronnie lot. Mm Ronnie lot. Good one. Cut off his finger instead of having it repaired so that he could play football. He was like, it'd just be easier. If. you cut it off. I don't need my pinky. Put me back in. Yep. That's a good pick. And then my last one is going to be going vegan and not telling anybody about it. Hmm. That's Good. I think that's impossible. Yeah, That's Good. Being a secret vegan without Yeah, without bragging. That's Tough because, well, Yeah, it is tough. Thank you. Like If you eat with people. It's also Yeah, yeah. I just gave you, yeah. I just gave you a great compliment effect.

(1h 9m 29s):
I think it's actually, I don't think anyone's done it yet. Yeah, it's like the three minute mile. Yeah. Okay. Good pick. I'm gonna stick with people. I'm gonna go coal miners. Mm. I kind of got that with the city of Pittsburgh too. And how much coal, How much coal is being mined these days? There's Less. Which fracking makes it even tougher. So you're pro fracking, Which makes those people I don't, I see. I don't really know what fracking is. I don't, I personally don't dunno. I personally, I put my hand I know it's Bad. I know. I, I don't know if I'm pro or anti fracking. I have no idea. I Have, I think I'm anti, I Don't know. What do You think about the environment though? I, I hope I want it to be good.

(1h 10m 10s):
Okay. What about like different types of like, is it just coal or Believe in global warming? Yes. I think global warming is happening. All right. Lib of the year nominee. Yep. 24. That's on me. My pick. Yeah. Just Like in the movies, the coal miners look so tough. I don't know how this fell to the fourth round. I think Max loves miners. Put that on a quote card. Toughest people in the world. Cancer patients. Mm. Oh. Yep. Wow. You son of a bitch. You asshole. You, you fucking asshole. Much Tougher than cancer. No. You're, that's, no we cancer patients. No, I'm saying like, Are you pro cancer? Cancer? No, I'm saying cancer is the toughest thing you can have to deal with.

(1h 10m 52s):
So cancer patients are the toughest people in the world. 'cause We're dealing with, okay, all right. Well Including people who get like a mole removed If it's cancer. About Cancer. What about an ingrown toenail? That's pretty tough. Not a more stolen valor. It's Pretty tough. I'm just saying. Wait, Wait. Does hank, would you say that we're the toughest people in the world because we have to deal with you and you're a cancer? No, I'm not. I'm fake cancer. Okay. You're benign, you're fake. Okay. You are calling, you call me. You're aids actually. You think I am a cancer. I do not have cancer. Right. You're the black plague. I think you're a good guy. Okay. My last pick. I got last pick. I'm gonna go 'cause I, I, this probably will not help me because we don't have a ton of wrestling fans.

(1h 11m 32s):
But I'm gonna go with mankind. Mick Foley, toughest dude ever fucking going. When he got slammed on a bed attacks from undertaker, from the top of the hell in the cell. He is literally the toughest. Some of his early days where he is just like wrestling with barbed wire and shit. That might've hurt me. But people Have told me I look like this man Before. But, but I don't know who he is. That's you don know who mankind is. Pick of all time. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. That's not you. Hold on. That's not a niche pick because people hear your attitude on this show. No, but they don't. They know. They Don't, they, Everyone listening right now knows that dealing with Hank is tough. It's You guys. Some of my friends, my mom, my sister. So Everyone are The true heroes of that. Yeah. Answer Max. You don't know who mankind is.

(1h 12m 14s):
I, I I don't really know wrestling. What? But people tell me that I look like It. He's gonna, I know the Name. I was gonna go stone cold. But like my heart, in my heart, I can't. No. Mankind's tougher. Mankind. Tougher. Thats what I had to do. How is Vaughn's son not tougher? What? Vince or what not? Vince Vaughn. What's his name? Vince McMahon. Steve. What's Shane? Mack. Oh, Shane. Make a, make a a Photoshop of Vince Vaughn. Shane Mack took insane, like bumps and stuff. But like mankind would do it every single week Off the top of a cell. He would. Dude, dude. So I'll show you highlights. Like when he was wrestling, like in the independent circuit or what was it? ECW. Yeah. ECW. Like he would get Shane Vaughan.

(1h 12m 55s):
He'd literally get thrown into barbed wire and shit. Yeah. His back. Things broken over him. His Back was all cut up all the time. So fucked up. Max does look a little bit like him. Yeah, he Does. That would be a great Halloween. That's it for you Mick fo People say you look like Mick Foley all the time. And I don't know. And I, I'm always Up. Oh, we gotta watch, we gotta watch some kind highlights. All right. I'll just send you the clip. But he undertaker literally threw him off the top of himself. I think It's a compliment to be said that he looked like him, right? Yeah. Into a bed attacks. Yeah. Dude got so much tail. Alright. Other picks. I had, I had badger honey Badger Ruda just texted me. Who was sitting in the room? Mankind lost an ear in Japan. That Awful fucking, That's wild. Mad rocks.

(1h 13m 36s):
Okay. Who, who'd you have? I had camels, honey badgers, Camels, Campbell's. They go, they go like three months without drinking water. Yeah. But they can smoke cigarettes. They can, sure. I guess that makes 'em tough. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. That's, yeah. Smoking cigarettes would Be a good pick. Yeah. Calculus. Yeah. Real tough. I I had that. Pit bulls. Pit bulls tough. I Getting an ingrown toenail removed and then playing 30 minute basketball practice immediately after. It's pretty tough. That Is tough. I I I was gonna pick this guy, but Big Cat took all of Pittsburgh. I've Ben Roethlisberger. Yeah. He's tough. Every injured. Pretty much Everyone from Pittsburgh I thought was tough.

(1h 14m 17s):
Thought about, I thought about just, I actually got Ben Herbert before you took strength training. 'cause he's from Pittsburgh and I got all the cops and the Firefighters. You didn't, I I picked that first before you accepting That you're accepting that you're going bald. Oh yeah. That's tough. That's a good one. Watching Cody Parky hit kick field goals. Yep. It's very tough. Especially in the Playoffs. Substitute teachers I, I had on my list because that just must be the worst job of all time. Yeah. Yeah. That Is tough. When I, when I took hockey players, I got the FDNY and the NYPD hockey players. Right? Yeah. Okay. Good. Well I still Picked that first. So, No, You Guys have both said things that you've, that were just Wrong. Standing up at a bar for a long time. Very tough.

(1h 14m 57s):
You just don't get a seat at a crowded bar. That's one of the toughest things a person can do. Just waking up is tough. Yeah. Hank What? Waking up and realizing your phone wasn't charging overnight. Yeah. Chasing a charge. And You have to go to Canby Lake Park with your other producer. What That was Coleman. Oh, Canby Lake Park. That's where they went. I think That place invading Russia in the wintertime. Yeah. Tough. Also dumb Dumb tough. Oh man. Tough If. you you wanna be dumb. You gotta be tough. That's True. That's true. Johnny Cash. Yeah. Just him in general. Tough guy. Teddy Roosevelt Tough.

(1h 15m 37s):
Oh, that's a miss. Damn. That was a miss. Teddy Roosevelt shot Through his hand. Yep. That's a big one. No, he got shot in his chest. Oh. That was his chest. He got shot in his chest and then he stood there and said, bring the guy up to me. Damn. It takes more than that to stop a bull. Moose. Damn Jean. Claude Van Dam. Steven Segal. Deer meat. Deer deer Meat. Oh, the meat of deer. Oh, venison. It's tough. I guess human flesh. That's tough. Living with your conscious knowing that you hit a bear cub 10 years ago and someone's gonna find out eventually. Yeah. Tough. That is tough. Really tough. Sneaky. Oh, Bernie Madoff. Weirdly tough. Having to live with just the fact that you're a complete fraud and it's gonna be found out one day.

(1h 16m 23s):
Mentally. He's gotta be tough. It wasn't a pic max. And we're doing, we're just spit balling. Yeah, you're burning apologist. Yeah. You're an apologist. That sounds like what you're doing. No, Hank you definitely, You fucking shouted out suicide bombers. Yeah. You, you say it's to be Jeffrey Epstein next. I almost said Theo Epstein. I I do that often. Honestly, no, Because he had no pick them up. Yeah. You just switch them. Sometimes I say like if I'm talking about Theo Epstein, I'll say Jeffrey Epstein. I'm talking about Jeff mean they're both known for That's a big mistake. Evaluating young talent. That's a Big mistake. Oh, that's a big mistake, max. Alright. Anything else.

(1h 17m 3s):
Huey, did we miss anything? Draft a lot of high schoolers. I, I didn't think of anything too crazy. Maybe a test. Maybe Just a, but you, you kind of Covered it. Yeah. Test any test. Yeah. Any Test? Tough. Too Tough. Any test of any kind? Tough. That is tough. Huey. Yeah. Huey didn't go to college, so that makes Sense. He tried it once. Yeah. Yeah. Dan Campbell. Yeah. Tough, tough. Detroit. Detroit. Yeah. Nails, Nails, nails. Tough As nails. Fuck. That's a myth. Diamonds. Diamonds are the hardest thing. Diamonds. I Thought about saying I that I was thinking steel or iron diamonds. Yeah. Yeah. Steel. Oh, spider silk. Isn't that tough? Oh yeah. Like If. You made spider silk as big as a steel bar. It'd be like twice as strong.

(1h 17m 43s):
Kevlar. Kevlar tough. And pants are tough. Yep. They lift 10. They're so tough. A hundred times their weight or something. Augh was, was just saying that right. Bees. Bees say shut up. That's saying he's a big bees guy Not coming too fast. That's very tough actually. That I, I think that doesn't count. 'cause that's not tough. That's impossible. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Big difference. Oh, it's like I said that It's not tough because it's not possible. Yeah. Super. Why were you saying? I was like, That's almost the tough as making a woman come. I was like, that's also impossible. Women don't come Next gr week. Make a woman come challenge That that kid superhuman.

(1h 18m 27s):
The guy that does the backyard wrestling. Oh yeah. That guy rocks. Yeah. I love that dude. He'll just set up like a piece of plywood. Yes. Yes. And then wrap it in barbed wire and be like, Hey, I'm superhuman. Shout out to all the juggalos and the juts out there. Yes. I'm gonna jump into this barbed wire. And he does it every day. Yeah. And does he say something else like this, this fucking sucks or something like That. Well he just, he just screams in pain. Like every time he, it's not like he doesn't feel the pain. He feels the pain. Yeah. And then he gets back up and every day he does it again. Yeah. Shoe nice Shoe. Nice. Tough Now shoe. Nice. He ate like, like a hundred tampons once live on, on a stream. That's pretty tough. Drinking glue. Yeah. He drank glue. He, he ate a bottle. A beer bottle. That's tough as fuck.

(1h 19m 7s):
Alright. That was a good Mount Rushmore. Great. Mount Rushmore. Yeah. Alright boys. Good job.

(1h 19m 13s):
Before we get to Antonio Pierce, he's brought to you by Chevy. It's presented by a great friend over at Chevy. There's a reason why we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because for part of my take, there's only one pickup truck. It's the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado is a partner. It's a partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the big game. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever dug in the state of Ohio. Last year in Grit week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks to the recognition that they deserve with a low man Award. And this year Silverado will be our partners for another grit week. Silverado brings the grit too. Legendary grit. Paired with modern truck tech inside and out, massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. Four different powertrain choices and the available multiflex tailgate so you can work and play smarter, not harder. So head over to chevy.com to build your own Silverado. Check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.

(1h 20m 20s):
And now here's Antonio Pierce. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. It is our Grit Week interviews brought to you by Coors Light. It is head coach, the Las Vegas Raiders Antonio Pierce coach. First of all, thank you for spending any time with us. We appreciate it. We're big fans. We start every Grit Week. Interview the same though. Okay. How do you define grit? Ooh, for me, toughness. Guys that could, that don't blink. Look the barrel down the eye. That steal the eye focus. And more important, man, they got, they got, they got some, they gotta have some shit to 'em. Yeah. Yes. They, they Gotta have the to man.

(1h 21m 1s):
And and if they got that man they, we will, we will go hand in hand. Yeah. That's good to me. Yeah. Playing Raiders football. That sounds like Raider football. Yeah. You said that you were born a Raider and I, I don't know what that means 'cause I was not born a Raider or can you change? No, no, no, no. It's, it's genetic. So you have it. It's either you got it or you don't. You what I mean's no Raiders Conversion. Is there a DNA test that you can do? Well, no, it's kind of attitude. Okay. You can look and you can feel a, you can feel a Raider. Okay. Somebody could present as a raider, but you know, deep down inside, they're not actually Raiders. Yeah. I mean, sometimes I know we're in California right now, so you can Very Hollywood around. Yeah. Yeah. Could can you look into someone's eye and know if they're a Raider Without a question looking Into our eyes? No.

(1h 21m 43s):
No. Oh. Oh shit. You had, you damnit. I Might be a Raider. Holy shit. I was waiting for your blink. I saw a little twitching in the eyebrow. I was kind of doing it like, Hey, I'm gonna go at you. But, But the Bears head off. Raider. Raider a Raider fan. Everywhere. Any the other team. So what does that mean to be born a Raider Man? Like for me though, to be honest, like growing up in inner city Los Angeles, it, it was, go back to the, to where we talked about it was grit, it was toughness, it was an attitude. It was, it was swag. It was when you wore those, you know, colors and you saw silver and black walking down the street or somebody in all black. You knew they meant, you knew they meant business. Yeah. It wasn't about no bs. Right. It, it was straight, it was straight standing on business. And that's what it kind of like started with me.

(1h 22m 24s):
You know, growing the inner city and seeing that and seeing obviously, you know, the entertainment and that culture with hip hop moving on. But then wa and those gentlemen and then just watching Bo Jackson. Marcus Allen. How long man? Yeah. Tech Bobo. Yeah. You know, that was that That that really didn't, That actually is not gritty though, to play with Bo and Tech Mo Bowl. Cheap. Kind a cheat. Yeah. Right. Cheap, easy Way out. Yeah. That wasn't an easy way out. It was fun though. So, I mean, you do have grit. We saw it last year when you took over the team. We've seen it your whole career. I wanna go back though, because you played at Arizona, you don't get drafted. I've read some stuff that you were shocked you weren't drafted. Do you think your career goes different? If you get drafted? Or was that like, was that the motivation You needed to then have an incredible NFL career as a player?

(1h 23m 9s):
I mean, it definitely added more full fuel to the fire. Yeah. You see 30 guys going in front of you, like, god damn 30 I get 10, 15, but 30. And then, you know, when you start seeing those guys in the, at the end of that seventh, sixth, and seventh round, man, it was like, whoa, what'd I do wrong? Yeah. You know, you look good career. He was productive. Played some good players. Good defense. Okay. Measurables back then everybody was six four. 6 3, 6 4, 2 50. Okay. I get it. You know, 6 1 2 30. Right. Alright, cool. But it definitely added a fuel to the fire. I would've loved to be drafted. 'cause that it's just kind of a badge. Yeah. But at the end of the day, like, man, it's, it's kind of like my whole life. It's not where you start and where you grew up and all that. It's how you come on top of all that stuff. Right. And that kind of just really put that, that that fire and desire in my eye to to, to strive to be great.

(1h 23m 52s):
Yeah. I think it's actually a cooler badge now. Like, to be like, I was not drafted. Right. And, and I had a career career. But when you say that, when people say that about me, they're shocked because you look at the end result. Yeah. Right. So you're like, oh man, nah, he should won the second, third round. I don't, not first, but you know, you like I had to get drafted. Right. You realize No. Oh wow. It wasn't good enough in 2001. Right. Yeah. Right. And then you look at my career and I, I'm gonna brag a little bit. All those guys that got drafted before me didn't hit any of the stats as an individual RA team player that I did. Right. You know, with the, with the red kids at the time and the Giants. So I really pride myself on that man and I, and that obviously that fueled me as I got into playing, especially in New York. Yeah. I mean, look at us three undrafted guys. Yeah. Listen, we're all The same. Sitting around these bright, It fueled Kind every day I wake up and it fueled me.

(1h 24m 35s):
If I had a jersey, I'd wear 32. Yeah. Come on man. One, every team passed passed on me one. Yeah. So I, I was born, I don't think I can say I was born a red a redskin. Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was born a Redskin fan. Okay. 'cause I'm from the DC area, so I always appreciated you on that team. You were the heart and soul of that defense that last year that you had. Yeah. We had some ballers on that team. I Know. But that last year you were like, you were a great player for, for us. And then we had Clinton Portis on the show, my god, like six months ago. Oh my God. Yeah. And I was talking to him about you and he said that the skins were trying to low ball you at the time. Yeah. And then you obviously had to take the money and go to New York where you ended up flourishing. But we missed you in DC after that. Like, we wanted you back. I'm sorry that the ownership didn't feel the same way, but you made the right decision.

(1h 25m 17s):
You go to New York, you win a Super Bowl there and going into that game, everybody else in America again doubted you. They thought, okay, let's just anoint the New England Patriots. Right. Going into that game though, your mindset, did you feel like an underdog going into that game? Or did you feel like you're gonna win, Felt disrespected. And it really went back to week 17, right? Like the media was asking us like, why you, we got into playoffs, we beat the bills week prior. Patriot was coming into our place to, to kind of, you know, finish that undefeated season, the regular season. And I, I remember media asking like, are you guys on playing the game? Like, what are you playing for me, myself, stray. And a couple others was like, what? What the hell are you talking about? Like, why wouldn't we play?

(1h 25m 58s):
Yeah. You know, we get paid for 16 games and these dudes are coming into our house. Nor did we not really liked the pictures at all anyway. Right. So we obviously had a team meeting with Coach Kauflin and it wasn't even like, we didn't even hesitate. We're like, no, we're we're doing it. And then If, you guys remember in that game, we were up 12 points late third quarter. But you know, listen, Randy Moss is special and Tom had a great year that year and they, they popped some plays we lost by three. But that gave us kind of like that man, listen, we just went toe to toe with probably the best team of all time. And I still think probably the best team of all time, regardless that they didn't win the Super Bowl. So when we got to the week of the Super Bowl, it goes back to, you know your question born the Raider, man, you know, we got off that plane where all black, it was, it was deaf to the Patriots, it was deaf to the dynasty going To a funeral.

(1h 26m 42s):
Going funeral. Yeah. That was a mindset. That's what I told the team. Only guy they wanted do was Eli. Everybody else we're all black. You know what I mean? but it was, that was kind of our mindset. Yeah. So we had a big underdog and then, you know, there was comments made out the week we were gonna lose by double digits. You know, Tom Brady was laughing about the point spread that plaques of bird or the points said plaques said it we're going to hold him to, and man, I ain't gonna lie, If, you have just watched us practice on defense. You would've knew like it's not gonna be close. Yeah. We, we was gonna get after those guys because That was, it was crazy. 'cause Tom Brady, his entire career, he didn't give bolt and board material, but that one time it feels like he slipped up. No, that's confident. Yeah. But is that like, 'cause I, I never know we're we're just fans, but like that type of stuff we say Oh yeah. Bulletin board material.

(1h 27m 22s):
Yeah. Does that matter a lot in the locker room? No, It did it, like I said, it, it even goes back to, like I said, back to regular season how the Patriots are being treated. Right. That was Spygate year too as well. Remember that, right? Yeah. So there was a lot of things going on and they just, you felt a sense of entitlement, you know what I mean, with that team overall. And then like you said, the comments came and again, I get it like, you know, competitors, you know, they're averaging almost goddamn 30 something points per game. And we said sit there and say we're gonna hold 'em to 17 points and he spot him through. He was 14 actually. Yeah. So Yeah. Yeah. Were you worried at all during that run that Tom Coughlin's face was gonna fall off That Green Bay game? Yeah. Yeah. I've never seen a face like that. No. I was, I was concerned for him, you know, but he's a tough dude now you talking about grit now that's a gritty guy.

(1h 28m 5s):
That's man, His face was melting. No, it Was done. Yeah, it was done. Like, but like all of our face was done. So like we look at each other like, this is not gonna end well. You know what I mean? But the coolest part about that game, man, like regardless of the weather, the, the adversity going back and forth over time. You know, Brett fart last game as a packer, which it ended up to be like, we were just so determined to make it happen. Yeah. Because we had played the two teams, Dallas, really the last three teams we placed. Right. Dallas, green Bay, and New England. We all face it in a regular season. The first two games of the season, we gave up 80 points a thousand yards to Dallas and Green Bay to start the season. Then the last game we lost to was a patriot. So man, there was a lot of like bulletin board material things that we could really go back and look at and really study.

(1h 28m 45s):
And that really propelled us and helped us in those playoff games. Yeah. Yeah. Tom Coughlin, ultimate football guy. Yeah. Ultimate grit guy. We've heard a few stories about Tom as a, as a head coach that he doesn't give bathroom breaks. They have to be That's true. Could you like raise your hand and be like, no, that's is emergency please. Done. You had you had time before. Are you still on Coughlin time? We, we try to get, I do start my meetings early. Okay. Oh, I think our team realized that. Like, Because you kind of came two minutes late to this. Yeah. Well I couldn't find you guys. Okay. All right. All right. I mean, we we're gonna find you. Yeah. Do you call it, do you still call it cops cough? I to find the head coach? Like I can resend that. Do you still call it Coughlin time or do you call it Antonio Clock? No, I, I call it Coughlin time.

(1h 29m 26s):
He was here the other day. He was here last week for a week with the team and we started his meeting five minutes early. Love It. Yeah. For him. Yeah. Does it get confusing with like daylight savings when you change the clocks? It does. Yeah. Especially back then, because iPhones wasn't even out. So he is trying to like, have us do things on our phones that we couldn't do and we had to go by the clock inside the building, the stadium. But if you're not inside the building, the stadium, then how do you know what time it is? Yeah. So I, I just realized that that might have been, that, that day probably sucks for anyone in on Coughlin Time. It was very confusing and it, and it was very costly. Yeah. You gotta set your clock back an hour and 15 minutes. No, you Just, you Set it back hour. An hour. But you also, But also the 15 minutes. Yeah. Right. No five. It was only five. Oh, it's Five. Okay. It was Five. It was five minutes early. We'd always heard 15 in the past. Nah, five. It's five. Okay. Alright. Well he's, he's an ultimate football guy.

(1h 30m 7s):
And listen, it's, it's great that you're the coach of the Raiders. We were rooting for you last year. Appreciate we wanted you to get this gig. And when you took over the team, it seems like they got a nice little boost. The players believed in you more than anything. They played hard, they played really hard for you. And that game against the Chargers on Thursday night. At that point I knew, I was like, they, they have to do this. They have to hire 'em as the, the full-time head coach. Because going out there on that field, after about One second of game, it looked like the Chargers didn't want to be out there. Did you know in the first half of that game, like, I think I'm gonna be the head coach of the Raiders next year? Not really. Not that game. That felt good because the week prior we scored zero.

(1h 30m 47s):
I was gonna say, that was the worst football game I've ever watched. That was worst game I had to be a part of. Yeah. I mean that was the three nothing game. I, I, I just like, God, we can't get close to field goal range. We can't even, we can't even have, we can't even attempt to field goal. That's Incredible. I mean it was just one of those games and really as, as bad as is, I know we loved scoring. It was really two, two good defenses playing well. Yeah. Obviously quarterback played and offensive play on both sides wasn't good enough. 'cause hell, they didn't score until almost, you know, three or four minutes left in the game. But that was tough. So then you got a short week. Yeah, so we're doing, we got walkthroughs. We only got two practices. Right. And then you about to play the charges at home. And we, but we did see something on film. We're like, if we can jump out and we can impose our will early and, and come out with the energy and the tempo and, and play with the, the style of play we wanted to play and, and attack certain players we can get after him.

(1h 31m 34s):
And then right away the first two plays in the run game, we got Aham and we, we knew it then. Yeah. Once our offense started rolling and defense was Max started flying and turned the corner. Malcolm Coons had some big plays and obviously Jack Jones did his little one hand deal there. We, that Was awesome. Yeah. That was great place. So, so the game that I would assume you were like, I might get this job was that Chief's game. 'cause that was another one where it was like, there's, it's something beautiful with football where If, you play that game a hundred times, the chiefs probably win more than half. And, but it was, you guys just had a perfect game plan. You just frustrated the hell out of him. Right. Was that the moment where you're like, okay, this, I I think I might be able to do this. Well that's what, for me it was like, wow, you know, I went up against, you know, let's go back, I went up against Andy Reed 25 times in my career as a player.

(1h 32m 16s):
Yeah. Right. Or 23, excuse me. And so I'm used to that battle. but it was always different. It was a player versus coach. Now it's coach versus coach. So ultimate respect for what he's done in his career, both in Philly and Kansas City. but it was like, man, it was tough. That was the hardest thing we've done. Yeah. Yeah. That we did that week. I thought the coaches, the buy-in the players, just the mentality that we talked about all week and the way and the style of play we wanted to play with and what we wanted to do to 15 and 87 was critical. And we wanted to make it ugly. We wanna make it gritty. Yeah. I keep using the word because that's a good word for what we talk about today. All that stuff came to fruition. And more importantly, man, the guys, they played with a purpose. Like we didn't want to be, they were not gonna be denied that day.

(1h 32m 58s):
Yeah, right. And it was good to feel it after the game. We're in the locker room celebrating. But did you, did I feel like that was a moment? No, I just felt like, okay, I, I, I, I belong in the National Football league as the head coach. Yeah. Okay. I thought that myself, did I belong to be the head coach or deserve to be the head coach of the Raiders? We still had some games to go. We was hoping to get in the playoffs at that time. We had two games left and playing the coachs the next week, you know, and see how that, how the chips fall at that point. Yeah. And I, I, I Do, I, I love the way that you attack like football in an old school way. Like talking about Patrick Holmes, like, we're gonna go after him because we have a theory that with the way that the quarterback position gets refered now, there's a lot of times where Patrick from Holmes gets, and it's a credit to him, gets like that extra five yards. 'cause guys will like come up short and stuff like that.

(1h 33m 39s):
So are are you like, is that something you guys preach every day where it's like, Hey, we're we have to hit the quarterback? Like we, we know the rules are different, but we can't just play this style that like, lets him do whatever he wants. Yeah. I I think our identity on defense is to make you uncomfortable. Yeah. We want to, we want you to step, we wanna step on your toes, we wanna be in your face, you know what I mean? We wanna make you thinking about us, why you're on the sideline, why you preparing us for us during the week? What do these guys gonna do today? Yeah. Like what they gotta these sleeve now and then we can win that mental edge and obviously we gotta go there, execute with X and Os and our players gotta play at a high level. But, you know, the game is, is different the way it's officiated when I, when I play. Right. So yeah, you got that old school mentality, but then also you gotta be smart to play within the rules. Yeah, yeah.

(1h 34m 20s):
Definitely. I love it. I love, like, there's just something about old school football and just not especially Late the year though, right? Like late in the year, like it was cold. Right. You know, everybody got a hoodie on the beanies like Yeah. God stuff's coming out your mouth. Like it's, that's what football's supposed to be, right? You're not supposed to be high scoring and pretty and guys flying around. No, you're supposed to get like hitting in your mouth. That's why you tune in because you tune in and you're, everyone's like, I mean the chiefs were like 10 point favorites, like, oh, they'll win easily. It's like, no, the Raiders are gonna just muck this up and make it a a, a fight in the trenches. Right. Yeah. I love it. We did. And you, you got some, some good coaches with you now too. I read, I don't know how true this is, I forget it was one of your players that I think talked about it, but you have some of your coaches doing conditioning drills. Somebody said that, that Rob Ryan was on a treadmill the other Day.

(1h 35m 2s):
I some, all of them all. So we got 29 coaches. Okay. Big group. Yeah. So in off season just, and really it was just, even when I was position coach prior, you know, you watch coaches both on defense, offense, especially teams and like we're always yelling at players to run from drill to drill. But then you got that coach and he's like 10 yards behind you. The players are there at the drill with the coaches behind. So we're still late. Right. So, cool. That's one thing. Then I start thinking about like, man, what, what can I do to show the, the players also that like, man, whatever we tell you to do, we can do as well regardless, If you played or not. And I said, look, one thing we can all do is we can get in shape, we can lose a couple pounds. Right. So Yeah, man. So I, I told the coaches that in February.

(1h 35m 43s):
I said, listen, April a week before the players come in, we're gonna do the condition test. So we ran 2040s. Rob Ryan did. Okay, Hold on. Anybody over 60 got on a bike. Okay. Okay. So they were on a bike. Big rule. No, no, it was good. Yeah. We had a age limit. We had to, you don't wanna kill any coaches. Gotta take care of our senior coaches. We had a few of them and, but they had to do the, you know, they had the, the trainers had a, our training staff had a good idea of what to do and, and we ran 'em and we got some former players on the staff and there was a couple guys showing out. And then we got to, it was funny, we got to the last five, right? So we did 15, we're doing the last five. So now guys are trying to show off like, I'm good. And we had about two coaches come up lane. Ooh. Right. So we, we come on man, you gotta finish.

(1h 36m 23s):
You know, kinda like the players. you don pat on the butt like, hey, let's go, let's go. And then I give 'em credit, man, the last two reps, they, they fought through it kind of made the time, but at the end of the day they finished it. Yeah. You know what I mean? The whole thing is about finishing, right? Yeah. So what we did, boom, players come back off season program starts and I said, listen man, I appreciate everybody being here, but let me show you what, how dedicated these coaches you got this year. Look what, look what we did. And I put it on and you know, of course Rob Ryan has his shirt off and he's doing stretching. It's Like, it's not pretty at all. But, you know, Rod's got gr the Hair back got the flow. Yeah. Yeah. It's good. He's laughing. He's karaoking and the knee's not going up at all. It's just, it was good for our team and our coaches to do it, but obviously it is even better for their health man. Yeah. Portland, you know what I mean? Yeah. Who, who's the Fastest coach?

(1h 37m 4s):
It's you, you, I, I'm, I'm, I'm put myself in top three. I, we got Ricky Manon. Okay. Played Corner League for several years. He's up there. Andre Carter's still in tremendous shape. So I would, I would put us three there. Yeah. Are are, would you say, are you addicted to making other men run? Because that story that I also heard of you in high school when you were coaching high school and your team was up 63, 9 at half and you didn't like how they looked. So you made 'em run during halftime. Yeah. And then you actually took a penalty at halftime 'cause you got back bef like not in time. 'cause they were still running Gassers Ran back the opening Yeah. Kick off in the Second half and then you won 99 9. Yeah. So would you say maybe you're addicted to making other guys run?

(1h 37m 45s):
Well, I know, you know what, what was the thought, Bro? I mean, that's a crazy Story. What's crazy is when I played, I could run for days. Yeah. I was always in shape. Like, you know, your your high school athlete, college athlete wanna be a pro athlete, you can never be outta shape. Right. So coach at Long Beach Poly and, and you know, we we're getting after the team pretty good, but we're just being sloppy. You know, guys, you know, got some penalties and stuff like that. So what I did, 63 to nine is the score. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The team was like old and six oh and seven. I, I was mad they even scored like what we doing? So I told him, I told the other teammate, listen, y'all can have our locker room. Go drink our water, you get all our snacks. We're going on the side field in the dark. And we ran literally for, I think it was, I think it was 20 minute halftime. And then the referees were blowing the whistle. We didn't go out there and they threw the flag and they kicked the ball off and we ran it back and we were up 70 to nine and we just kept running to the score hitting 99 and we could kept running it.

(1h 38m 34s):
You know what I mean? But like, man, like to me that's like, it's like with our team, we, we talk about effort 'cause at the, at, at this level, when you get to professional football, everybody's good. Right? You're playing with the one percenters, the 1% what separates you. And like you look at a Max Crosby, what sex separates Max Crosby from the rest of the defensive ends and defensive players in Match Football League. His effort. Yeah. So if I can get our guys in shape, in condition, in football shape to just constantly run and give that effort, man. Like we can, we can run with the best of 'em. 'cause now you got 61 minutes to deal with us. Yeah, I know. I at 61 because we're gonna play that play each second longer than you. Yeah. It's probably nice having a defensive player like Max too, that as a leader of the team and he's out there on road trips and he's like importing his, his meal prep that he brings in and makes it home.

(1h 39m 15s):
And if he's spending all that time taking care of himself, then yeah, you don't wanna be, you don't wanna be a fat ass behind him. Right. Listen, The first day I ever walked in this building back in 2022, the first person I met was Max at 6:00 AM in the morning. When I wake up every day, the first person I see in the building and downstairs is Max Crosby. Yeah. It's amazing. Like it's 365 24 7. Yeah. I've never seen nothing like it. Like there we don't, we have walkthroughs and it's not a walkthrough for him. And you just kinda understand that. Yeah. Like there's walkthrough and there's max. Right. Yeah. But when you have your best player playing at that level, what's happening now with the rest of our team. Yeah. Then I had a Christian Wilkins. Yeah. Now I got two of 'em and I got a guy inside and outside 'cause he does the same exact thing. So now that just breeds this man, this energy and his synergy into our building, into our defense that, you know, these guys, they just wanna run man.

(1h 40m 0s):
They wanna run and hit. They love playing ball. You know, it's, it's fun to watch. Yeah. It's really fun to watch. Yeah. Do you have, do you have to change anything about your personality as a defensive guy that's, you know, you, you've hated quarterbacks for a long time and now you're the head coach and now you're like, shit, I have to coach a quarterback now. Like I have to love this guy. No, I don't change. No. I talk to him crazy. Just like I talk to the linebackers, they look at me crazy too. Like, what do you like that's not quarterback talk. Like that's okay. It's football talk. Yeah. Yeah. Football's football. I like that. Football's football man. Don't, let's not ever get confused. Right. So that's how we operate here. And they get it. Obviously we gotta be sensitive to 'em at times how we touch 'em. Yeah. But how we talk is how we talk. Do you talk football to the kickers? We do down.

(1h 40m 40s):
Okay. They gotta make tackles. Yeah. Kickoff rule. Right. So Daniel Cars did a good job the other day with the media man. He's talking about like, man, I'm doing biceps and getting a little bench press going because I gotta make some tackles down, you know? Yeah. I gotta be involved. So Yeah, we, we talk a little bit. Try not to get those guys too much, but you don't wanna bog 'em down with too much. We, we got two special guys, man, with AJ and Daniel. So I, we talk a little bit, but I a little bit sensitive 'cause they, they're, they're more with the feet. Yeah. More the feet A little different. I I'm not that good with that one. Yeah. The kickers are weird. Very strange people have you. But our kickers are cool. Yeah. We got cool kickers. I've been around weird kickers. I've been around some weird guys. Like, ah man, this dude's a weirdo. But these guys can hang down all the Time.

(1h 41m 21s):
Can hang Out with these. We can hang out together. They can hang out a lot. Steve Weatherford, were you with him? He's a weirdo. I played with Jay Fi. Jay used to come with all the, the wristbands hooked up. Like he's gonna knock somebody out on Got Weirdo. Did you ever see the picture of Jay Feely when his daughter was gonna prom and he was, he had a gun in his hand. Jay Fey. Like we, it's funny, we came in the same year in New York, Giants together both his free agents, the Signee. And so we played a couple years together. I got a good Jay feely story, man, we playing Seattle. We missed a couple field goals and, and and shock. He just goes haywire. He is in the damn locker room throwing chairs at him and Jay's bobbing and weaving man. Like actually kicked one of damn things. You know? I mean, kind of cool man. But Jay was like a tough dude, man. Like he was the guy that wasn't supposed to be a kicker.

(1h 42m 2s):
He was supposed to be like a linebacker. Yeah. He just happened to be a little short and a little stubby linebacker. Yeah. I feel like Weatherford was kinda like that too, where he was self-conscious about being a punter. So he spent all his time just working his arms out. Yeah. Yeah. Got Yeah. Jacked up pretty Yeah. The most jacked up punter of all time. Yeah, for Sure. Yeah. So we are obsessed with the owner of the Raiders. We want to get him on the show at some point. Mark Davis, have you gone to We listen, we saw him at Super Bowl. We kind of, we might've ambushed him at a hotel and we were like, Hey, you're gonna come on. He is like, yeah, okay. So I don't think that's gonna happen. But have you gone to PF Chang's with him? No. Will you? That's all my pf Changs. That's Where he eats eat all the time. That's every, It's his favorite meal.

(1h 42m 42s):
Breakfast, lunch, And dinner. I thought it was Inn Out. Oh. And so I, I heard that earlier too, that he's spending a lot of time at In-N-Out. But I, I also think he goes to PF Chang's and that's like his meditation spot. Yeah. He sits down by himself. It's a spa. Eats the meal. Yeah. So I don't think none of us will be going with him if he goes by himself and he's eating a meal at PF Chang's. I think we gonna leave that to him. That's our dream To go to PF Chang's with him. Gotta Catch with him. Yeah. We might just have to stake out a PF Chang's. That's fine. Yeah. So in, yeah, we'll do that. We'll just have to go to PF Chang's every day. There's not a lot of Vegas. I mean, there's only a handful, right? Okay. Yeah. We'll just Spot. You gotta have some spotters. Yeah, He's got his, his minivan. I dunno if he still ride rides around in that thing that took rocks. Yeah. Got some toys too. Now I like Yeah. Pull out every once in a What was it like when, when you got offered the job?

(1h 43m 24s):
Like officially It was good. Came downstairs and kind of looked at me in the eye and says, man, I think, I think you're the guy for the job. And got up and get a little bear hug. And I told him, I said, man, I'm not gonna disappoint you. We're gonna be consistent. What you seen last year is gonna just grow. And we got a good relationship man. That's cool. Like I, I reach out to Mark a lot, keep him informed of what's going on. It's good to see him around the building. He was at practice just a couple weeks ago just to see the guys and, and watch the scrimmage and stuff, man. And I think it's important when your owner owner's presence is around the team because you know, when I was a player I looked like, where's the owner? Like, does he care? Does he not around because I had two different organizations. Right. I had one guy, you know the team you liked. He was probably drunk in Cuba somewhere.

(1h 44m 4s):
Never Around. Right. Yeah. And that was another organization where they were always there. Yeah. And I thought that was important. Which team was better? Just curious. I wish was better. Let you choose no one over that side. Yeah. I would've stayed with that one if there was better, but yeah. Anyway. Yeah. Yeah. But, but no man. Listen Mark, one thing about Mark, he just wants to win. He was born Raider. If anybody was Raider, He was born. He probably came out in Silver and Black. I don't know, most time you get that pretty blanket. He probably had a Raider blanket. Yeah, it's pretty cool. I didn't have a Raider blanket. I just happened to see the colors and fell in love with him. Yeah. And he wears the white jeans. Which rock? Yeah. Nobody can pulls off. Nobody can put it. No one. I can pull it Off. I've been seeing he, he's sometimes in the owner's suite with white jeans, white shirt eating like buffalo wings. Yeah.

(1h 44m 44s):
But not a stain on his shirt. Yeah. He doesn't spill. He's an Adrenaline junkie. Or you just keep a couple white shirts with you, you get one, you just flip it and that's, That might be the case. Good point. I think he could afford, yeah, you could probably afford Probably more than one white Shirt. Yeah.

(1h 44m 55s):
Alright. I know you gotta run in a minute. So we got a couple last questions. My last question. Chevy question chevy.com Go to Chevy. The Silverado's the best truck ever. Great sponsor for Grit Week.

(1h 45m 6s):
So how often, like in day to day do people bring up that 2007 Giants team? And has there ever been a time where you've talked about 'em and it was awkward? No, no. I'm, I'm not a team meeting. No, no. I'm always over empathetic, You know, Things like that. This head coach Now you know what the question was? I don't think I was asked the question. I just made a reference. Yeah. Because It, it goes back to the mindset, man. It goes back to that mindset. Yeah. You know, you go against the best, you gotta do something a little different, right? Yeah. You gotta approach it differently. You know what I mean? What, what you did in the past doesn't work with this team. And, and that's kind of what it was. But yeah, I've been asked that question quite a few. And when If you ask me the question, better be ready for the answer.

(1h 45m 46s):
Yeah. How about that point? That's fair. How about that point? Very, very fair point. How about that point? Yeah. Some people would cut too close to the bone and it would, they'd just be very sensitive about it, hypothetically. Yeah. Things like that can happen. Things can Anybody in particular, my last last question is just, I read that you had interned on the Howard Stern show, man. What was, what was the, that's crazy. What was the process like for that? Why did you decide like Yeah, I would, I would enjoy being interned for the Howard Stern Show. So when I was with the Giants, I did a bunch of, I had my weekly show, I think it was a Pierce Fierce Reporters, what we called it. And after won the Super Bowl, I was like, Hey man, I want to, I want to, because I played with Stray Ann played with Tiki Barber, two guys that went to the media right after football. So I'm like, man, I wanna, I wanna, I want to do some internships.

(1h 46m 28s):
So I did the Ja which is cool. Which is crazy. I did, which nobody really talked about. Did Jamie Fox did Playboy, which was You entered that Playboy Bon let's stay with Howard Stern. Yeah. Yeah. And then they were like, Howard wants you to do it. So I'm like, cool. So the first day I, I literally did all the stuff with Sal, Richard Howard, and all the guys behind the scenes. And the next day, like, we're gonna put you on camera. And then it was, it was crazy, man. Like, I wish I could do it again. 'cause I, I didn't know Howard as well as I know him now. Right. Especially back then. Like, I knew who he was and how big he was. I didn't realize how smart he was, how sharp he was. But then also, I didn't know what goes on in the back rooms. Yeah.

(1h 47m 8s):
The back rooms are real. Yeah. Like when they pull back this curtain, I need them shades. Yeah. Yeah. You better be prepared. Yeah. But nah man. It, it was, it's funny 'cause I get asked about that. Probably close, probably second most other than Super Bowl game, If I had known you were an intern for Playboy, I would've just strictly written Playboy questions. Yeah. It was weird. I said, I wanna be diverse and they gave me the most damn diverse things possible. Yeah. Yeah. If I could do a Howard Stern show again, I'd love to do it. Man. Howard's a is a good gentleman, obviously. Very sharp. They got a good thing going. I mean, how many years now? What? Yeah. Yeah. It's Forever. 30 years like that. Yeah. He's the king of media, right? Yeah. He's the godfather. Yeah. Well, Coach, thank you so much. I know you're gonna have grit on these Raiders. Oh yes.

(1h 47m 48s):
Like just being around you pumps me up. Yeah. So we're, we're big fans and best of luck this season. You wanna do a prediction? Yeah. Okay. We're win a lot of games. A lot Of games. Okay. I'm gonna take over on Not a lot Grit. Yeah. Yeah. What games? Do I think. Okay. I like that. Very good. I'm wrong plan. Yeah. All right. Thanks so much coach. I appreciate it. Thanks. Thanks man.

(1h 48m 10s):
Antonio Pierce is brought to you by PardonMyTake of my cheese. Steak. Football is finally back the preseasons here and ordering part of my cheese steak for a game day meal. Our late night eats is the best play call that you can make. Part of my cheese steak brings you awesome cheese steaks and loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep. Take your pick of delicious cheese steaks made with fresh thinly sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions. On a toasted hogie roll, we got the classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken cheese steaks, Chipotle chicken, cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks, chicken, bacon, ranch cheese steaks. You can order the Big Cat combo and get your cheese steak of choice fries and drink for dessert. Try our new donut dippers, delicious donut holes tossed in cinnamon sugar and served with a rich caramel sauce. Find a part of my cheese steak near you. Order yours now at PardonMyTake my cheesesteak.com. Use code PMC 20 for 20% off your order.

(1h 49m 5s):
And now here's Jag's Kid. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. This is a gritty interview because we only have one camera set up backstory. We're at the long beat. We're in legends at Long Beach doing a fan meetup. And a guy comes up to me and he says, Big Cat, you've talked about me a lot, but you don't know who I am. And I was very skeptical and I was like, what the fuck is this guy talking about? And he says, I'm Andy, I'm the kid that got my head stuck in the Jacksonville Jaguars statue however many years ago. 20 years ago. 1997. 1997. Wow. So I verified he, he showed me his id, I verified it with the news stories.

(1h 49m 47s):
So we were like, we have to have at least five minutes with the kid that got his head stuck in the Jaguar statue in 1997. An all time iconic picture. So, Andy, what I mean, just what happened? Well, first of all, thank you guys for having me for grit week. This is, I, I don't know if what I did was gritty enough of worthy of this sit down. I'd say It is. Yeah. It's, yeah. Yeah. Without a doubt. Yeah. So, no, I was, so I grew up in Jacksonville, loved Jacksonville. I was nine years old, I think. Go, my parents took me there. We were, they we were going to some, 'cause you know, Jacksonville was like a Navy port city. Yeah. I think they were, had some Navy boat museum thing they were doing. And so we were already downtown. So we're like, oh, let's go to the statue and like, or the stadium and like kind of hang out and like check out the vibe or whatever.

(1h 50m 32s):
And I was like, I think at the time I was like, oh my God, this will be a really funny picture when I stick my head in here. Yeah. And so I, you know, did my thing went up there. So was it Was your idea? It was my idea. Because there's a lot, I'm glad we're getting this moment because there's a lot of different things. I know you guys have speculated my death a couple times. Yeah. When we talked to Tony Kahn, I think one of you said was, I think he might be dead. Yeah. Yeah. He just died in the statue. Yeah, Because, well, we saw, we saw the picture where like, this kid is so dumb, there's no way he's last lasted like many years past. Oh Yeah. No, I was nominated for a Darwin Award. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I Thought that there was a chance that maybe you died in the statue and then the news just covered it up. Oh yeah. I mean there's, I mean, those copi, there's, I mean, it's a full spectrum of all those situations. Okay. So, so back to what happened on that day.

(1h 51m 14s):
Yeah. A fateful day. Yeah. So I stuck my head in the statue for a picture thinking it'd be funny. And I, I have a, like, remember after the picture was done, I was like, I, you know, I'm, I can't get out. And I think at first my mom was like, all right, get in the fucking car, kind of thing. Like, we're like, you know, I'm nine and like I'm with like, you know, it's just me and my mom, my brother and my sister hanging out there. And I was like, no, for real. Like, this is like a thing. And it escalated from like a holy shit. This is actually happening moment from like a, a parent who's like freaking out to like, how are we gonna, what, what do we do from here? Kind of thing. So I think some Jaguar security like came out, monitor the situation. The first thing they did laid into it is they put Vaseline all over my head.

(1h 51m 56s):
Okay. Trying to like wiggle me out, holding me by the feet, Talking to the mic, talking to the mic, Holding me by the feet and trying to like wiggle me out. And then I just remember them being like, it's not gonna do it. And I, and I and all, I'm like nine my head's in there, they put a towel over me. So I'm not like looking out at all of the people because as Yeah, because there's a crowd, As of this is happening, it's starting to trickle in. Like there's, as this is happening, it's starting to trickle in like a whole like, like circle is forming And that's when I thought that they had killed you. When they put, when they put the towel over, like a race, the tarp Out and they're like, I just put this guy out there. It's been euthanized. There were just Too many eyes on at the time. It would be hard to pull Off. So how long were you in the statue? A little bit over I would say like an hour and a half.

(1h 52m 38s):
Oh my God. Yeah. And and so you got stuck there because the, the, you were saying earlier, the curvature of the jaguars fangs, you can go in, but then when you try to go out the fangs Yeah. That, that was the number one question. That was the thing that was hitting. And this was pre-social media obviously. But this still, like, this was so big that my mom's sister found out in Germany and no one from America called her. Like, they were like, is this Andy? Like, Like is this your son? Oh. And this was like I said, this was pre-social media, pre any of that. So like, this was like a big story. And the number one thing, like my parents got all these phone calls like, like to come on these talk shows. I remember like Nickelodeon ones like something, I think it was a Summer Sanders, I don't remember the name of it. Like thing some like Rosie O'Donnell and et cetera.

(1h 53m 19s):
Like all these like talk shows were like, oh we gotta get like the story or whatever. And my dad's like, there's no story, whatever. I do remember that one of the big things that they talked about was the Jags were like, the Jags were nervous at the time. There was like things like, oh my God, this family is gonna sue us. Yeah. Like this is gonna be, yeah This is Gonna be a thing. Like whatever. And I think my dad was just like, and he got a lot of respect for this. My dad's like, we're not gonna sue you. We're not like those type of people. Like My kid's a shithead. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. He's nine. Yeah. Yeah. Like he's just like, whatever. But there was a lot of people like, oh my god. Like freaking out. And the Jaguars were super thankful. The owner at the time was owned by the Weaver. I know it's Shad Con now. Prior to that it was the weavers. The Weavers came out and like, you know, made sure everything was like, Hey, I got a football signed.

(1h 53m 59s):
Like all the jaguars back in the day. 'cause I've been a hardcore fan since ever. So I was like, I came out and I didn't understand the gravity of like Yeah. How big this was. It was like, oh this is a, I was nine. I was like, oh, this was kind of a shitty day. So, so wait, so how did they get you out? So after the Vaseline procedure failed. Okay. They're like, we're gonna have to give the jaws of life. So the fire department shows Up. So the fire department shows up. I was on Rescue 9 1 1. There's still like some, there's still some clips you can find of this. So they call the fire department. They try to do something with a couple tools first. And then eventually they're like, no, we gotta bring out the jaws of life. Oh. So that's when I think, and it might've been around the moment when they actually put the towel on me 'cause they didn't want me to see 'cause they had that thing. Yeah. You just like, you know, right above like my head.

(1h 54m 40s):
But going back to your thing earlier when you were talking about the actual, how does that work? And I explained, 'cause the number one question was like, how does, how does it get in and not out? Yeah. That's just the number one. You'll never not Hear that question. I explained it like a crab trap where like you can push your ears backwards, like bend and back, but then it gets caught. Can't go forward. Yeah. Can't go forward. And so that was like the simplicity of it. But everyone, like that was the number one thing. People were like, how does that, how is that even possible? So, alright, so you get out and then like when you were growing up was were people like, Hey, you're the statue kid? Yes. Okay. A hundred percent. And I, again, like I knew when I got home that day, I remember, I do remember getting home and being like, all I thought about when I got home was, oh my God, I have a football signed by like Mark Brunell.

(1h 55m 22s):
Yeah. And like, oh, that's all I cared about. I was nine. But I was a diehard Jack Guy. And I was like, It taught you the wrong lesson through this. Which is like, do something really stupid and then everyone gives you stuff. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean, But congratulations. Yeah. Yeah. Thank You. I appreciate it. I appreciate it. No, so I remember getting home and being kind of stoked. I was like, look at this football I got. Yeah. Like, this is kind of rad. And I remember my dad, you know, my dad's a doctor and he got home like late that night and he just like, and my mom, I think had like called him at that point. He just like comes in. I just remember him really being like, like this big sigh. 'cause it's like, I don't know how relatable that moment is when your kid, I know you have kids, but it's like If, you just found out your kid is about to be all over the news. Right. Because he got stuck in the Bears statue. Yeah. Or something like that. You'd be like, I don't even, how do we move forward with this?

(1h 56m 4s):
And so from that point on, it was, you know, parents getting calls to do this, da da da and want wanting to talk about it. And then me at school, I was in fourth grade, so when I remember I came back, I had some parents like, yeah dude, you're like, you know, you're a legend. Or like, whatever. This was in 1997 and fourth grade. And then I had to get like strategic about it as I got older later in life because it's like, I am not gonna like, you know, actually my college essay that helped me get in, like I feel like to to to school. I went to Emory was like, I bet you never heard of a kid who got his head stuck in a Jaguar. Yeah. Yeah. And lived to tell the tail. Yeah. Because that became like, you look for a hook for those. Right, right. Or something. And that stood out. But I also had to be careful and not like any other kind of particular jogger be like, oh yeah, I'm the idiot.

(1h 56m 45s):
Yeah. I got my head still in a Jaguar statue. You when I Was nine. So how it, so I used to do NFL recap blogs like way back early bar stool. And I would use the picture every time the Jaguars lost. I would see It Every time. Yeah. So would you, like, you, you obviously get older and you're like, all right, that was the thing in the past. Like, have you had moments where you're like, fuck, it keeps coming up and no one, I mean, I didn't know you came up to me. I had no idea who you Were. No, no, no. I know exactly. Like that's the thing. I was lucky it was pre-social media. Even know that people like you and other people, and I'm not saying this is dig. I think it's still fine. I don't it doesn't like affect you. Yeah. Yeah. The Jaguar's official account posted on their TikTok like a few weeks ago and people started, people don't know. A lot of people like who I didn't know in Jacksonville who knew of the story growing up are like, where is he now?

(1h 57m 27s):
Whatever. And I was laughing at the comments 'cause some were like, like I heard he is like in Bangladesh, like duh duh. And one guy was like, and then one guy, I was funny. I saw a caption was like, I actually heard like he's in la like he's a producer on Vanderpump Rules. Which at the time that was correct. And I was like, I was like, oh shit, this guy, he's, He knows. Yeah. This Guy's been digging Like Yeah. How Long into a relationship if you're like dating somebody, how long do you wait to tell them? Like, just so you know, I'm the kid that kept his head stuck in the statue. Oh my God. I wouldn't say it's an icebreaker, but it's definitely, that's something that comes up. I would say, I don't know, three weeks in, once you're past the like awkward vibe, whatever, then they're comfortable with you. Then it's like, Hey, here's a fun story about me.

(1h 58m 9s):
Yeah. Because If, you wait like two years, then they'll be like, why the fuck didn't you tell me that earlier? Exactly. Yeah. And I wouldn't put on my dating profile if it was like a first swipe. I would, yeah. Oh, I would, I would just have the picture. You Would just have me in the head. Like, But you might think I'm nine. Look At me now. Yeah. Oh yeah, that's true. Before And after. Yeah. They would You nine. Look at me now. Alright, so, so last question I have. Do you think you've cursed the Jaguars? It's a great question. There's been a lot of speculation. I was actually, before we got on the bus, I was trying to dig back because there were some really funny old Facebook messages I would get from seriously angry fans that would be like, fuck you. Like fuck you. Ever since you did that, we've been terrible. We were sick back then and now. Yeah. You went to a FFC championship game. Yeah. Yeah. Like soon after. And like, we were sick back then and we've been nothing but garbage since then.

(1h 58m 50s):
It's all your fault. And if I ever like fucking see you in Jacksonville, you better like keep your head on the swivel. Like, and it's like, and it's not like, and it was dead. And that guy was like, and I don't get like tons of those, but like, those exist, like, people on the internet are crazy. That's incredible. So I'll get something like that occasionally and I'm just Yeah. Well, so what, what we're, we're, we're gonna do for you. 'cause we know Tony, I'm gonna, I'm gonna send Tony a picture of this and I'm gonna be like, if the Jags ever win the Super Bowl, I think you need to be part of the parade. I, yeah. And we should all get to if the Jags, I'm, I'm hoping we're gonna go this Or we're not gonna, we're not gonna go to Jacksonville. But you are. Oh, You're gonna Go to Jacksonville? No, we will. You guys love Jacksonville. Yeah, we do love Jacksonville. But we're not, we're not gonna go to Jacksonville. I might go play Sawgrass again. Yeah. T pc I saw, I saw your tweets in great course.

(1h 59m 31s):
But I want you to be, I want the Jacks to like embrace you. I want the, like, going forward you need to be like, Hey, we found him and everything's gonna be good. Now It's a matter of fact that you cannot tell the story of the Jacksonville Jaguars Correct. Without this kid getting his head stuck in the statue. Yeah. That's like a very, very big part of the Jacksonville Jack. It is. I was seriously starstruck. I I said to Hank, I was like, I don't, I don't remember the last time I felt this way when you told me that you were the kid. I was just like weird. Oh my God. And I Felt weird coming up. 'cause I know you get everywhere you guys go, there's Like, Hey, no, this one was by Way. Da da duh. I have a funny story. Anytime someone prefaces, especially to you at this point in your career, when they say, I have a funny story. I know One delivered mind. You're like, no, this one delivered. Oh sure. Yeah. Go ahead and shoot man.

(2h 0m 11s):
I'm like, no, no, no. This is one that's really gonna, I thought you were Dead hand out. Yeah. No. I might have started that rumor. Alright, well, Andy, thank you. Thank you guys. The story's not ending though. I, I wanna see you with the Jags when they win a Super Bowl. Oh yeah. And maybe we'll have to get, maybe we get like a paper mache like Jags hat. That's just a, the statue's still there. Yeah. So the statue's still there at one point. So when they, they gave me the tooth and I, it sucked. 'cause I actually, I gave it back to them and I wish I didn't. I know at the time, I, I didn't. So I gave it back to 'em. Then they put like a rubber, like fake stu tooth. And it was so funny because I wanna say like, I mean this was probably like eight years ago. I was back home and we went to like monster jam at the Jaguar Stadium or something. Oh yeah. There was a yellow security guard standing out who was just monitoring to make sure like, kids don't get near the statue.

(2h 0m 56s):
And my buddy's like, dude, you created a job. Yeah. Yeah, you did. Yeah. Job creator Andy. Yeah. All right. Well thanks man. Appreciate you coming out. Thanks for having me guys. I really appreciate it. This is like, I feel like Oh, sense of relief that I, that you're not dead. We can finally move on. Yeah. And then we know And we found each other in the most unexpected place. Yes. Yes. At a sports bar in Long Beach Beach, California Beach. Yeah. Kept that tooth though. That would go so hard as like a necklace. Yeah. We gotta get you another one. I know. Can I say one thing too? Yeah. Going forward when you guys talk about, you know, I I, I listen to you guys religiously from the beginning when you do your recaps. The week I, I get the joke sometimes when you do like, oh, Jags, Tennessee. We're like, we can just skip that one. Yeah. Yeah. There's A big jag. We love the Jaguars. I know they're a big deal.

(2h 1m 36s):
Like, and we love listening to you guys. I know you're, I know You're laughing. That that was No, you're laughing. Think that was pre Trevor Lawrence though. Like, 'cause you guys had some years between Yeah, but Gardner after Blake Murray. Yeah. Yeah. And then you had the Urban Meyer year. Alright, we'll, we'll, we'll do, we'll do maybe more. Had a minute. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And now was talking Jaguars. That's what we'll do now we're talking Jaguars. Yeah. Jagging off. Yeah. Jagging off. All right. All right. Thank you Andy. Thank you guys. I really appreciate it. Appreciate it.

(2h 2m 0s):
Oh, We're about to get to head coach Eric Musselman, and he's brought to you by Mountain Dew. You know what? We all need to get more of off our ass with bold flavors and a refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dews gonna get you off your ass. Have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain? I love the original. The Baja Blast is incredible. And then there's the Go-to Code Red. I remember when Code Red came out changed the game code Red is an elite flavor. Baja Blast. Love it. If it's frozen, love it. If it's regular, love it. Great flavor. I like the zero sugar too. It makes you feel like you're on a mountain where the weather's always perfect. Your friends are always ready to hang. And a day of epic proportions awaits. After we got done with our workout with, with Coach Musselman, we got back on the bus. First thing we did, grabbed a Mountain Dew, hit the spot. The mountain's calling. You should answer. Grab your friends. Grab an ice Cold Mountain Dew where wherever refreshing beverages are sold. And do the dew.

(2h 2m 59s):
Okay. It's time to wrap up the show with our good, good friend. It is Coach Eric Musselman, USC basketball coach. We just went through a workout with you. Let's start with that. How, how how'd we Do? I was super impressed. One with the effort. Okay. The energy and the enthusiasm. All right you Guys. So that was no basketball skills. I like that. It was just the effort, energy, enthusiasm, the three Ees you brought it. And then the fourth e you guys executed. Okay. Right. We put in a play. You guys executed, you had good reads. We kinda lacked ball skills. Yep. True. Yep. We speed for sure. Lacked shooting.

(2h 3m 39s):
Yep. Yep. These are now, would you say athleticism? Yeah. Would you say shooting the basketball's important in basketball? Not that important. I mean not. Yeah, just a little bit. Yeah. The meanest thing that you said was, I think you were trying to be nice, but the fact that you were impressed with us, you were surprised. And, and that really speaks poorly to what you thought of us going into this workout. Well, I hadn't seen, you know, I had, I hadn't had the ability to really scout you guys. Yeah. That's actually our, our secret weapon. So people don't know how unathletic we are. Yeah. So it would be hard to Right. It's hard To surprise you. It's hard to put A practice plan Together. Yeah. Yeah. And it's hard to coach. Yeah. But you guy, you guys were fairly easy to coach.

(2h 4m 19s):
Great coachability. But that usually happens like lack of skill, really coachable and then super skilled and maybe not so easy to coach. Yeah. Yeah. It's perfect that we have you on the show because we we're in Southern California for Grit Week. There were a few people that were pointing out that maybe it's hard to be gritty in Southern California. It's too nice. But you are a, a perfect example. So can you teach us how to maintain our grit while living in, you know, 73 degree weather year round? Well, I think it's all about where you are. You know what I mean? So like, If, you are between the lines in the Galen Center, you gotta have grit, you know, and then maybe tonight at the Manhattan Beach Pier, you don't really need the grit know.

(2h 5m 1s):
And so it's a, it's all about your environment and where you're at at the time. Yeah. You know, but you don't need grit 24 7. Right. You just need it when you're competing. Yeah. And you, you are a gritty coach. You, you know, your teams always play very hard, you know, always running. So what is it like when you, when you get guys and you're like, Hey, we're gonna run, we're I'm gonna expect the most outta you. How do you get that outta guys? I think the big thing is, it's like starts in the recruiting pro process. You know, like you gotta go recruit and get guys that kind of fit your style, fit your system, fit the identity that you wanna play. It's kind of hard to change guys. You can tweak it, get 'em to step over the line a little bit more than maybe where they, where they are.

(2h 5m 42s):
And that all comes with player development. And buy-in, you know, it's hard to run. You know, everybody says they wanna run and then you're like, Hey, here's the commitment that it takes to play with some pace to play with defensive intensity. And then all of a sudden guys might not wanna do that. So, Yeah. How do you get that? How do you get the conditioning, what's the conditioning drill that you do to get your guys to a point where it's like they're gonna be able to outrun and outlast the other team? Yep. So the first thing we do is there's a mild test that you have to pass. Okay. And If, you do not pass the mile. You have to do it again like two or three days later. What's the passing time? Oh, so it's five 30 for the go. Okay. Five 30 for the, okay, I'm out. Okay.

(2h 6m 22s):
Yeah, it Is five five. Can we a bike? Huh? Can we ride a bike? You could. Okay. I could do, yeah. Beach cruiser. Yeah. Okay. And then it's 5 45 for the wings. Okay. And then 5 55 for the, for the bigs. The fours and fives. Damn. Yeah. That's really fast. And then what happens after that? After they pass the Test? Once, once you pass, you're good to go. Okay. And then we have a, a conditioning test that is in the gym with the strength coach that we've taken from the Miami Heat. Coach Riley did it. Coach s sp Olster did it or does it? And then they gotta do that with the strength coach. And What's that? That's a sideline to sideline thing that I let him kind of run. Yeah.

(2h 7m 2s):
And dictate. Yeah. And They'll do that when they, so we just finished our eight week segment. We did the mile, everybody passed, but two guys, so when they come back, they'll continue to try to work on the mile. The rest of the team, when they come back, they'll do this Miami heat conditioning in the gym. So it starts on the track and then it evolves onto the court. Yeah. I noticed in your, your evaluation of us, you didn't mention if we had Aura. Is that part of your evaluation process? Aura Mojo. Yeah. Do we have Aura Mojo? Yeah. I, I thought there was a lot of confidence, you know, at maybe at a few of the positions. Too much confidence, but certainly swag. I, I, I would, I would say the swag was there. That would be the biggest thing, you know, as you guys walked out there like you belonged.

(2h 7m 44s):
Yeah. You know, and that's half the battle. You gotta look good in the layup line. Yeah. It's also insanity thinking that we belong out there. Probably. Probably. But yeah, I did, I, when we went into the practice facility, I hit like four threes in a row and then one of your assistant coaches gave me a bad pass and I missed the next like 10. And I was like, that bad pass probably ended my career. Yeah. You know? 'cause I was, I was kind of in a point where I was like, if Musk gets a look at this, like he's gonna be like, damn, you Know, the, the, the deal. Big Cat never shoot a bad pass. Oh, I like that. Good. So you gotta, you gotta remember that whether you're watching NBA game or it's really hard to make a shot off a bad pass. So you gotta, you should have thrown it back. Thrown it back, the associate coach and said, Hey man, hit me in the chest.

(2h 8m 25s):
Hit me in my shooting pocket. Get your stuff together. Yeah. Right. Because that's not on you that that's the shot. Yeah. Okay. So maybe I'm back. Yeah, you're back. Yeah. Alright, so we have our listener submitted grit questions. Hank got, has them. Hank will will fire him off and we'll answer 'em to the best of our Board. Hank did have grit today too. Yeah. I mean, when he dove on the floor. Yeah. He showed great grit. I can't wait till people see this video. We were flopping all over the floor. Max, maybe some butt crack. We'll have to, there was some big time butt crack for Max. Yeah. Huey catch that. Yeah. Huey with an all time hustle play. Yeah. Chasing down that loose ball. Yeah. All the way into the stands. All the way to stands. The stands all the way in the stands. He went a couple rows up. That was incredible. Yeah. Okay. Hank Is grit and moxie the same thing, having moxie in the pocket or having grit on the line?

(2h 9m 8s):
Are they the same? Ooh. I think mojo coach also showed us the, the mojo plays. Yeah. Yeah. And like mojo, grit, aura. I feel like it's all kind of the same similar Things. I don't think grit and moxie are the same. I don't think, I actually don't Think agree with you. Yeah. I don't think that you can have aura and grit at the same time. I think they're mutually exclusive. Yeah. Moxie is like, you could have grit in Moxie. I don't know. But If, you have moxie. I don't know If you have grit. Yeah. Like in, in football terms, I'd say that Drew Locke has moxie. Right. And like Tso Hill has grit. Yeah. So what would you rather have in, in a guy? You're recruiting moxie or grit? Both. You need the combination. Yeah. How many grit guys?

(2h 9m 49s):
If, you have a 12 man roster. How many grit guys do you need? How many moxie guys do you need? I don't think you can have a lot of moxie guys. Okay. So I would say moxie guys three. Okay. Right. And the rest grit. Yeah. And then you're gonna win. I think That's right because If you have too many moxie guys. Everyone, there's only one ball. Everyone drove down. There's egos. Yeah. Moxie. There's a little ego involved. Yeah. Right. Gritz just toughness. You're like a sewer rat. Yeah. Yeah. You know, but how, how, how good is it? You do need, the one thing I love about basketball is you do need at least one guy on the roster who thinks he's just never gonna miss. Right? Oh, no question. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta have a guy that's just got unbelievable confidence. Yeah. Like too much confidence where you're like, he's actually insane. But you need that. No doubt. Yeah. Good question.

(2h 10m 29s):
As an avid pickup basketball player, what's a good way for me to consistently be the, the grittiest guy out there? Mm. Floor burns. Yeah. Get out. I mean, it's a little hard. If, you play out, there's pick up Basketball though. Pick up you're diving on the floor and pick, pick up basketball. I mean nobody wants to do that. Okay. You know, So, if you can do that or, or forget diving on the floor, then it's all about when the ball's in the air, how many loose balls can you get? Yeah. Long rebounds balls that are floating around. Can you get those? Yeah. It's like a Receiver. You think every, every rebound where the ball's in the air. That's your ball. Yeah. Go Get it. Yeah. I, I personally, so wait, what was the exact question? How can you be the be the most grit? What's A good way for me to consistently be the grittiest guy out there?

(2h 11m 9s):
So The two tips I would give is you wanna save your energy. So always try to correct the score every time down. Be like, hey, hold up, check ball who, what's the score again? And then use your timeouts. So timeout will always stop the game for at least 30 seconds. Everyone will be like, dude, there's no timeouts. And pick up. And then you get your breath back a little bit. Gel ball. Yeah. When people are shooting. Yeah. If. you call a timeout though and you're playing with the wrong guys in pickup ball. Especially if it's outdoor. You might, Yeah, that's true. But listen, the time out, everyone looks around, they're like, what are you doing? Calling a time out question. Then you gave your breath back's. Yeah. Yeah. I called the timeout today during practice The mic. Yeah. When we were getting micd up that that saved me. Yeah. Right.

(2h 11m 49s):
It's all about that. That's, that can maximize your grit. Can you please ask muss what grit means to him when it comes to what makes a great walk-on Oh, does he have any good stories from walk-on tryouts specifically at Nevada and a walk-ons abilities to juggle and ride a unicycle. Also, does he have any good Gilbert arenas or Ron Artes stories? Ooh. Oh, good question. So where do you want me to start? Just with the walk-on Yeah, Yeah, yeah. What grit means to him when it comes to what makes a great walk-on Yeah. A great walk seems like a leading first of question. A great walk-ons gotta be the grittiest guy on the team on, I mean that's, there's no questions about that. Or the coach's son. Or the coach's son that'll work too. Or grandson.

(2h 12m 30s):
But I would say Coach K You know gr a great walk-on story, right? Was that part of the question? Some, yeah, something about, I think I'm guessing that he's talking about himself, probably specifically at Nevada and a walk-ons abilities to juggle and ride a unicycle. What Was this guy's name? It doesn't have his name. So was There a walk-on at Nevada that rode A unicycle? Yeah, we, we, we did a pregame warmup at Nevada, which was, we had a guy that, that rode a unicycle and juggled. So this Is his, this is his question for sure. So we had a, we had a walk-on tryout at Nevada. And one of the assistant coaches was really serious. He was having him do ball handling shooting. Alls I wanted was a walk-on who could ride the unicycle for the pre-game warmup.

(2h 13m 12s):
So I kind of stopped the thing and go Hey, let's stop with the basketball stuff. I just wanna find a guy that can juggle and ride a unicycle for this warmup. You Wanted Red Panda on the team? Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Yeah, exactly. Do you ever have walk-ons to try too hard in practice? Or is that not a thing? Oh no, for sure. Yeah. Great question. Yeah. Yeah, because If, you gotta walk on who's too excited and really, you know, like you don't want an injury. Right. You know what I mean? And a lot of walk-ons oftentimes are smaller, maybe not as skilled, not as athletic. You don't wanna walk on like hard fo Bill Lambe or hard foul. Right. On one of your better players. Right? So you do have to tell some walk-ons like, Hey man, chill.

(2h 13m 53s):
Or you're only on the scout team, you're only to go like 50% right now. Right. We're not going, you know? Yeah. What if you're playing against a team? Like, I don't know, Houston comes to mind, our team that's just gonna Absolutely like shove you around and be physical. Do you then tell your, your practice team like, Hey, we need to actually dial it up with the intensity. We need to be a little bit more physical. Yeah. We haven't played Houston, but if you're playing Kelvin Sampson's team yeah. You would prob I'd probably throw seven walk-ons out there. Yeah. To, and have our guys try to guard five, five on seven and put seven scout team guys going to the offensive glass. 'cause that's what it looks like when Houston, when a shot goes up, like their best offense is a missed shot.

(2h 14m 33s):
Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, we would, we would probably over exaggerate what we would have to do to try to take away their offensive rebounding game. Yeah. Okay. And then, what was it, run our tester Gilbert Arenas. So do you have any good stories about them? I mean, there's so many with both of them. So you were an assistant coach when they were on what teams? No, I was a head coach. Head coach with Gilbert Arenas his second year. Okay. Playing for the Warriors. He didn't play much his first year. I got hired as the head coach and probably about the second or third practice, about 15 minutes in, I don't ever leave practice. I left practice, went upstairs. The GM was Gary St. Gene. I'm like, this guy down here is an all-star.

(2h 15m 14s):
Like he's gonna be a bonafide all-star. He was so talented, could go get his own shot whenever he wanted. So that's the one thing that, and then with Ron Artes, I mean, it was, it was every game. I was the head coach of the Kings first close game we had. Right. It's like 15 seconds left. We call a timeout. We're playing in Milwaukee. Ron comes sprinting up to me, coach, what are we doing? The Kings need a basket and we're down one against Milwaukee Bucks. I'm like, I don't know. He goes, get the ball to run our test. That's great. Good answer. I'm like, all right, let's get the ball to run.

(2h 15m 54s):
Yeah. Gilbert Arenas, he's one of those guys that had unbelievable confidence in himself. Yeah, he Did. And he could back it up. Yeah. Yeah. He really could. Yeah. Unbelievable player. All right, well last one. What, who's your favorite or player with most grit from your time at Arkansas? Ooh, That's a, yeah, that's a tough, I would say we had a lot of guys at Arkansas that had grit, but I would say the one guy, and he kind of changed our season, was a guy named Trey Wade. And he was a guy that just kind of stuck with it. And we had some other more offensively talented players, but as soon as we added him in the lineup, our team took off.

(2h 16m 34s):
We made an Elite eight beat Gonzaga who was, you know, number one at the time. And Trey Wade was the grittiest guy. He was six foot five and a half, six, six. He ended up guard shed Holmgren, did a great job of doing all the dirty things. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, your teams are great tournament teams. I mean, I loved the Nevada teams. Were so much fun to watch. I mean, I, I I, I've told Ruda a bunch, but like, I would, I would stay up. We were, we were living in New York at the time. I'd stay up 11 o'clock tip off in New York time. She'd be like, gotta watch MU's guys. Gotta watch the Martins going crazy. Hitting, hitting every three Super talented team. Yeah. Yeah. And how, how do you, how are we feeling about this upcoming season for USC?

(2h 17m 16s):
Yeah. I, I'm, we're like our, we had finished our eight week summer session. It was unbelievable. Got great chemistry guys really get along. We lack certain things, but we know what areas, you know, we're like, like at that center spot, we don't have a lot of depth, so we're gonna have to play small ball. Those are some of the things that we're trying to figure out. We've had a lot of injuries, but there are injuries that everybody should heal. But this will be a great experiment. Like, we're gonna have to win off grit. We're gonna have to win off togetherness. We're gonna have to win off team chemistry. We're gonna have to win off having a better locker room than the other team as far as being together. 'cause there are gonna be some teams that probably have a little bit more talent in certain areas or certain positions.

(2h 17m 59s):
But it's a team that's super fun to coach. Okay. You guys got, you guys got a theme for this year or, or something that you're hammering home to the team? Like this is gonna be your motto moving forward. Yeah, we don't have one yet. It's interesting you bring that up. 'cause we've talked about it. We wanted to go through the summer. We got a two week break where we need to come up with a hashtag or a theme or, you know, and then we gotta be all about it. It's one thing to put it on a wall or put it on a shirt, but then how do you execute that identity? Yeah. It's gotta match up. You gotta have that, gotta match up. You gotta spend some time like meditating on it. Let it come to you. Let the universe speak it right into Existence and welcome to the big 10. It's tough basketball, tough Basketball, Tough basketball, Physical league. Really hard to win on the road in this league.

(2h 18m 40s):
Yep. And then you think about the travel that U-S-C-U-C-L-A, Oregon and Washington, you know, we have to go through the, the three time zones way more than the other. You know, they come up to us once. Yeah, yeah. And we gotta go there four times. Yeah. So it's, it's how you manage that is super important. We've tried to study, we've, a couple weeks ago we were over with the Rams asking them how they travel. When do you leave for a Sunday game? If it's an afternoon game, what do you know, what's, what time do you wanna arrive at the hotel? Do you try to sleep, change your sleep habits or do you stay the same? And so all those things, it's gonna be like for us, quite frankly, the first year we're gonna be learning on the fly.

(2h 19m 22s):
Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited though, coach. You're the best. We're gonna finish off. We got, we, we guess a number. We have a lottery ball machine in our office, so we don't have it here, but we do random number generators. So I, I want you to, any number from one to a hundred, guess whatever you want. I'll let you start. We're all gonna guess a number and then we're gonna, we're gonna randomly generate it. Perfect. So what's your number? 13. 13. 17. Eight. I'll go 20. You guys want meme's? Got 3 42, max. 11. 21. 21. All right. Here we go. PFT, you're watching? Yep. 48. 48. 48. So nobody got it. 4 1 1.

(2h 20m 1s):
Is that exciting? I mean, I wish somebody Really hard to explain it to you. That would've been Exciting. Yeah. Yeah. It would've been. It's all right. We, you gotta get better. Yes. Yeah, you gotta get better. For sure. We all gotta get better right. Next time. Guess the right number. Okay. No question. Yeah, work. Work hard. No excuses, right? Yes. Yes. Alright. Well thank you so much, coach. Appreciate. Thank You guys. Appreciate it was awesome. Great day. Appreciate you having us on. Yes. Awesome. Way to start the day Away. Today I'll be coming for Away.

(2h 20m 47s):
Oh, I'll be coming for love.

(2h 21m 37s):
Okay. Say up To me. It better to be safe and say Up to me. It better to be safe and say,

(2h 21m 55s):
Me. I won't let my moderate to severe plaque psoriasis symptoms define Me emerge as you in two clinical studies, Tremfya guselkumab taken by injection provided 90% clearer skin at 16 weeks in seven out of 10 adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. In a study, nearly seven out of 10 patients with 90% clearer skin at 16 weeks were still clear. At five years, at one year and thereafter, patients and healthcare providers knew that Tremfya was being used. This may have increased results. Results may vary. Serious allergic reactions may occur. Taya may increase your risk of infections and lower your ability to fight them before treatment. Your doctor should check you for infections and tuberculosis. Tell your doctor If you have an infection or symptoms of infection, including fever, sweats, chills, muscle aches, or cough. Tell your doctor If you had a vaccine or plan to Emerge as you learn more about Tremfya, including important safety information@tremfya.com. Or call 1 8 7 7 5 7 8 3 5 2 7. See our ad in Food and Wine Magazine. For patients prescribed Tremfya, cost support may be available.

(2h 23m 57s):
Hey Cam, mine's sending me over our new wifi password. Oh, Sorry Mitch, you can't be trusted. What? It's your phone. It's different than mine Cam and I thought I was a judgey one. No, it's Just messages between different devices aren't encrypted. Okay. Since when do you know about encryption? I know What encryption is and it's because I'm the last line of defense against any would be wifi thieves. Cam, come on. Okay, Fine. I'll send it somewhere more private. Thank you. Safely send messages between different devices on WhatsApp, message privately with everyone.