
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have a tremendous two for, for the people. We have our good friend Jerry O'Connel on to get to the bottom of not only the Oscars little Oscars preview, but also what's going on with our fantasy team. There also might be a special guest that joins us in the middle of the interview to ask Jerry a few questions about his strategy and fantasy. The consultant, the consultant consigliere, if you will. And then we have Sean McVey Super Bowl winning head coach. Sean McVay, good friend of the program.


Great talk with him. We're gonna talk. We're getting closer and closer to free agency. We got guys asking for trades. We're getting closer and closer to March Madness. We talk a little poops. And we'll finish off the week with Fire Fest of the week as always. And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings who's scoring big in the NBA this season. You are with the all new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. DraftKings is home of NBA player Props, so you can get behind your favorite players any which way from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking an NBA player prop.


Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers get BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book Gap use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario.


Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio. Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy A my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take.


That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bits when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is fryer March 7th and we're getting closer and closer to NFL Free Agency Boys. We've got a lot of movement. Movement. Joey Bosa cut. DK Metcalf wants out. He does. I don't know where we wanna start. You know what, let's start with Joey Bosa because we have memes, got his wisdom teeth pulled. So we have Shane in the booth. Joey Bosa cut. I think people expected it. The Chargers are gonna save $25 million, but it is the end of an era because Joey Bosa is the last charger to have played in San Diego.


That's Crazy. I did not know that. Yes, so it yeah, it's over no more San Diego Chargers. But I I heard rumors that he might want to go up to the Bay Mm. Play with his brother. Ooh, The Bosa brothers together. He also, I mean I, it'll be interesting to where he goes because he's said himself, he's like, I don't have a lot of time left because, you know, he's got, he's he's dealt with injuries, but he is, would you say Shane an all time charger? Oh, he's gonna say he's not even turning on the mic. He's so, he's so, he's so upset about this. Press the button, Shane. Wow. Yeah, for sure. All time Charger Five time pro bowler. Yeah. Yeah. Rookie of the year. Did you know this was coming? What a resume? I think his cap hit was like, yeah, 36 million this Year.


Oh, Hank Hey Hank is Hank. Hank just goes after whoever's in that seat. Hank, he just said What a resume. What a resume. So is there anything else to his resume that you'd like to add to Impress Hank? He was rookie of the year five time pro bowler, Defensive rookie of the Year. Okay, you already said that. Yeah. Well that's like his Five time pro bowler All injuries. I mean, it was bound to happen, but, Okay. A lot of injuries. Yeah, I mean, all time. All time. I mean, it's the Chargers man. We have nothing Ring of Honor. I mean, doubt it, but, Okay. I think you're dismissing the five time Pro bowler Hank Five time pro bowler. Any, Everyone makes the Pro Bowl. I mean, it's, it's the Chargers. Like, it's not like we're like a notable franchise in the history of the NFL.


That's True. One Super Bowl appearance. We got blown out by like 35 points. It's true Facts. Are you, are you sad to see him go? Obviously, but you knew it was happening? Yeah, I mean, I don't know. It's sad. 'cause like right when I was getting into football, like for the most part I could start watching Chargers games was like his rookie season. So it's kind of like sad to, to see him go, but he just hasn't, hasn't been healthy cost way too much money is bound to happen. Okay. Alright. So they, I mean it wasn't sh it's not shocking in the fact that I think we all expected it's more shocking that there's just another piece that is out there right now. And will he go to a contender? Will he try to take top dollar?


I think he's at the point in his career where he wants to win something. Right. I'd, I'd agree. So he's gotten paid a shit load of money. Yeah. And I feel like he, he will probably sign somewhere for maybe less than the open market might necessarily dictate. Yes. Maybe one of his college coaches was maybe we're able to Able coach him in college. Yeah. Oh, you've already connected the dots. Have you been working on the B of Shrug? What is that? Can you do the shrug? He does that Shrug. Wait, there you go. That's good. Me or Sha Shane. Sorry, you're shaking your head no. After All the shit you just gave him for being like an old time charger. You want him on the Patriots? Yeah. That's a good point. You Did. Did he want a five time pro? He just, he's devaluing him in the open market. That Was by Hey. No, I just think I, I just, again, I, I'm, I'm spoiled with greatness.


So it's like when you talk about all time players of a franchise five time Pro bowler, rookie of the year is not exactly all time. It's just a good solid Play. This is very smart by Hank right Now. Yeah. Yeah. You, you'll at this point you would just, you I guess you would take him. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. And then the other big news is DK Metcalf wants out. He wants Out, he wants to go to a Contender two, I think. And he also wants a new contract. I have, I have a place that I would like to see dk. Okay. Don't say the Packers. I'm not gonna say the Packers. I personally would like to see DK on the Pittsburgh Steelers. Ooh. Him and George. Him and Georgie out there together. What would the analytics look like if you're, if you're in the Steelers front office, you have to basically like write in a certain amount of penalty yards per game.


Yeah. Between the two of them. Yeah. You have to have a very, it's a personality type thing. Yeah. You have to, you have to be like borderline personality disorder. I don't think dk necessarily, he's not, he's not a complete psycho, but he goes up to that line because he's, he plays with a lot of aggression. Right. I think he's like a, a, a good mentally healthy version of George Pickens. Yes. Yeah. So do we have any idea where he might, like what's, where's he rumored? I know the Packers everywhere. Everywhere. Have you seen the Packers? Like every, The Patriots have inquired about him. Hank would you want dk what's his resume? Two ton pro bowler. Three time. He's under contract now. So he, he would, you'd have to trade picks Probably a first or third. Yeah, maybe a second and a third for dk. I would like DK on the Patriots for sure.


Yeah. So I think most teams should want him. He's a very good player. DraftKings odds he can't turn, but he's a great player. Yeah. DraftKings odds have him DK Metcalf next team. Three to one Seahawks. Three to one Chargers. That would be interesting. That would be a great weapon for Justin Herbert. 3.51 plus three 50 to the Patriots, plus five 50 to the Texans and plus 700 of the Raiders. He does feel like a Raider. He feels like a Raider. He looked good in the Raider uniform too. He too, He does feel like a Raider. I think he'd also look good in a bill uniform. Mm. I think the bill should want DK too. I did text DK when the news broke and I just said, Hey dk, I dare you to go to the commanders. And what'd he say? You won't. And then he just didn't reply. Okay, well that's not a No, but now I, now I double dog dare him. Yeah. That's not a No. All in your court.


Dk the Bears made a couple moves. Interior line. Not sexy, but needed. I like it. Very much needed. Yeah. Joe Toney, Jonah Jackson, very much needed. So flexibility may be going into the draft where they don't have to just, they can take best player available. Fun fact about Joe Toney. Did you know that he finished in the top 10 in offensive player of the year last year? I did not. He, he also won team MVP for the Chiefs. That's really, yes. That's gonna be a chip on the shoulder from Holmes next year. But yeah, he's, I mean he's older, but this is also like the, the Jonas Jackson's a six rounder. You're not gonna get a a six rounder that can play guard right away. And he got moved to center last year.


Yeah. And then he wasn't great at center. And by the time they got healthier at the Guard, he lost his Spot. And Joe Tooneys similar. He got moved to tackle outta of position. Yeah. He's gonna go back to Guard. So yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm happy that the Bears are, are addressing the offensive line as quickly as possible so that they can have a little flexibility when it comes to draft time and free agency when it comes to, I think it's smart. Yeah. Alright. What other, I saw Deshaun Deshaun Watson restructure his deal again. That was actually the headline. Yeah. On ES ESPN said Deshaun Watson restructures deal again. Yeah. Yeah. That again carries so much weight. Yeah. It's the worst contract in the, maybe in the history of sports. Yeah. I think it's probably up there. Right? I would say so. And he restructured again. I think it just, it, it helps them spend more money.


Right now they're gonna end up paying him the 230 million, all of it. The Browns are gonna have to pay that to him. Yeah. But yeah, Deshaun Watson, good guy. Team player. Team Player taking a little pay cut. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. That's exactly what's happening. Got converted to a bonus. What's On your mind? Hank? Peyton Pritchard going off? Payton Pritchard going off. What was that? How many, how many you score? He had 40. Derrick White had 40 Celtics players out. Doesn't matter. Hmm. They got their whole team out against the Sixers. Didn't matter. It's tonight. Oh, it's tonight. But it didn't Matter. Oh yeah, by the way. And last night in Sports Brady Ka Chuck did score for us within two minutes. He did? Yeah. I took my son to the game and I was like, that guy scored for you.


He's the best. And he was just like, what? He didn't care. Absolute beauty. Yeah. The Sixers team also was also all out by the way. Well, who's out And bead. Well that doesn't count and B'S out. Max doesn't is out. Paul George Questionable will probably play. But let's not act like, be like, oh yeah, our whole team's out. We're still gonna beat the Sixers. Whose team is also still out. But His team's out. Your team has Been, yeah. I don't know what He Max difference is when the Celtics are all out. They're still all in. What? Yeah, What he said made sense. Cooper Flag. Cooper Flag. How upset would you be if the Sixers got Cooper Flag? I would probably murder you. That's fair. No, you Can't get Cooper Flag because you said Yeah, you say that this program that I'm out, I'm removing myself from Cooper Flag consideration.


I did see something very mean from front of the program. Andy, Andy Staples. Okay. Andy might not be front of the program anymore. Oh, he, he said if I was Cooper Flag and the Wizards are the Hornets got the number one overall pick, I'd go back to college. Oh. And then I thought about it and he's not, he's not wrong, but it hurt for me to hear him say that. Still An insult. It's still an insult. I, if I was Cooper Flag, I would play for the Wizards myself. If they got the first overall pick, but in the NIL era. But you love Ball. I do love Ball. He can go back to Duke, make some decent money at Duke for season. I Would say pretty, pretty damn Good money. Then go back to the NBA draft. Win a team that isn't the Hornets or the Wizards has the number one overall pick.


It was mean for him to put that out there. Yeah. I knew. I I know it's a possibility technically in the back of my head head, but it's still mean for Andy. But to put that out there on the National Sports Podcast Also, you can't really time when the like, bad teams will probably be the first pick for a long time. Yeah. That's why they're bad. Yeah. I mean you, I guess you could time it where it's like there's crazy lottery ball. Luck and a Sixers. Sixers Sixers Yeah. Pops up. And if the Clippers were to, they're not gonna to get it. But if the Clippers were to get the number one overall pick, I believe it would go to the Thunder. Mm. Who then could add That would be incredible. The flag to their roster. That Would be good. Those would be a good one. Big market. Yeah. I don't think, I think the polls are gonna make the playoffs.


They just can't. Everyone else just keeps losing along with them. They lose, but everyone else loses. It's crazy. The, the, the, this is where the 10 seed in the NBA, the playing game is so stupid. The Bulls are the 10 seed right now. They're 24 and 38. They're not a good basketball team. It's, it's, i it works a little in the west where you have, you know, some, some decent teams in that plane range. But in the east it's like none of these teams are, the hawks are not good. Like what? Like just get, get rid of it. Some breaking moves. Oh, breaking moves. Christian Kirk to the Texans. The Jaguars are sending Christian Kirk to the Texans.


Mm. I feel like the Texans should just get every receiver this year. Why not? Tank De is had another surgery, so that feels like it's gonna take a while. I Think he just had the ACL. He had the maybe PCL and MCL already done. Yeah. He Had to have another. Yeah. So the mal Yeah. The second surgery just happened and Diggs not coming back. Most likely. He's a free agent too, right? Yeah. Diggs. Yeah. So yeah, they should just get every receiver. They should get dk, get Christian Kirk and everybody also today I feel like Christian Kirk, by the way, just real quick with him, he's, he's an all time, you know his name, but like, if he's your number one receiver, if he's a like part of your big plan, you're in trouble. I think the Jaguar's move with him was to pay him like a number one receiver.


Yeah. In hopes that he would perform like a number one receiver. He'd be like, oh shit, I guess I am. Yeah. Usually that doesn't work. But he's, yeah. If you're, if you, if you start, if Christian Kirk is the first two names that you say for your receiving court, it doesn't feel like it's gonna go well. You're in trouble. Yeah. Yeah. I think you might've been on our fancy team last year. Yeah. Well we'll get to that Also. Trey Hendrickson has been granted permission to seek a trade by the manuals. So that might be their money. Money issues. So He, he led the NFL and Sacks last year, right? Yep. Doesn't wear gloves. Yep. Is a badass. Yep. I feel like there'll be a lot of interest in Him. Sam Hubbard also retired. He retired. Incredible career. Thank you for his service, Sam. Pretty damn cool to play for one team. One Jersey guy from Cincinnati.


Pretty cool. Cincinnati lifer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Trey Hendrickson. So there's some pass rushers out there. Yeah. Khalil M is out there. Miles. Garrett obviously Bosa. There's some pass rushers out there. Damn. Do you guys wanna talk a little college ball real quick? Joe Lenardi took two days off this week. That's nice. Just An updater. Hank, what do you think about that? Took two days off. Whatever, whatever brings you peace, man. Bracketology, we need the bracketology every single day. The minute there is an update in the games, we need a new bracket. So this is the most recent one right now. He has last four. Last four in San Diego State, Indiana, Boise State and Xavier.


Xavier's been hot first four out Oklahoma, North Carolina, Texas, Nebraska, Oklahoma had a big win against Mizzou. And Villanova has been dumped to the next, not even next four out. Just the next, The next next four out. No, they're, they're out, out, out, out, out. Are they first four into the NITI Don't care. It's, it's, it's in the long run. It's good. Oh. Because Colin Neptune's gonna get fired. Great guy. Great guy, Great guy. Colin. Neptune is out. Are you first reporting it? Great guy. Great guy, I feel. But yeah, he's gotta go.


He's gotta go. I feel bad for Providence fans. They're they're, they're out on Kim English. That was quick. The interview. Never had a chance. No, No. So I'm guessing Florida now. One seed after that win Florida is, so right now is one Seeds are Houston, duke, Florida, and Auburn. And then the two seeds. Michigan State, Texas Tech, Alabama and Tennessee. Three Seeds. St. John's, Wisconsin, Iowa State, and Texas a and m three Seed. Yeah. No, we're, we've been in that 3, 2, 3 range. I mean, if we, we, we have Penn State to finish this irregular season. I, if we went to the Big 10 championship game, there'd be a chance maybe to get back up to a two seed. We were a two seed for a little bit there then lost to Michigan State.


But yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited for March Madness. 12 and Oh Yeah, about that. Well, 12 and oh, as of the taping, we don't know what happens tonight. So it could be really sad even talking about it. But the still, still staying on the sidelines. I'm still staying on the sidelines. The bigger picture. And this is where I said earlier, like I don't, I, this is gonna sound mean, Adam. I'm not sure. Mm. Oh, I'm, I'm sure this will sound mean. You're only doing one game a night. I don't, I don't want to be an asshole and just, well, I've done No, well, Well no. I know now. Seven. I did Saturday. Currently, currently, currently, well, well, I did two on Tuesday. Tonight is a very, like lightboard.


There's only a couple Power Five conferences. And I'm not saying I'm going to do this, but in the position that I'm in or in a position that a fader might be in thinking bigger picture. It's not about going till you lose one. It's like maybe starting next week and just everything. Everything. Here's Where it concerns you. But I'm not release everything. That's Fucked Up. Well why? Because I'm protecting myself against guys like you. I might just release one pick. I might bet everything, but I might release one pick. What concerns me is the fact that Big Cat doesn't have somebody that he's going against right now. No, I am, I'm still going against Him. But he's not betting against You. No. But again, we talked about this last show.


I'm, I'm still going against the idea of Hank. Okay. Hank Stands for, But I feel like you're more powerful. I want you to, you an actual enemy. I have Somebody I've been going against Hank this entire time. This entire time. I want you To get to 15 and oh. And then, and then maybe fade you for your next 15 To 30. It is crazy. I I've never had a run like this because that's where the odds are at. Okay. It's not just one game. I, I I have, I I've never had a run like this. 12 in a row is insane. It's impressive. Very impressive. It's, it's, my brain is just pulsating. 'cause it's been so smart. Recently, again, this might sound really stupid if the Iowa State Michigan or Iowa, Michigan State overdose. So have you done, have you done any of your 12 and oh on Well, Iowa basketball before?


Oh, hold on one second. PI want to hear what you, I wanna hear what you say, but that was crazy. That's a non ball mower. Iowa. Iowa basketball. Now this year they've had trouble hitting the three. Recently Iowa basketball was like the best over ever for the last decade. This year all they do is Chuck, their defense sucks. So they have hit a lot of overs this year. Sorry, PFD that was a non ball ball mower checking In. It's okay. He was just going with the vibes of the university. He was thinking of Iowa football. Yeah. Which Iowa football I think was like 10 to 10. 10 and three to the over this year. Well that's 'cause the over had adjusted down to like 29 points a game. But it Over is and over the, over over. True. This is just a not handout ball, non ball noer over here. We got a casual Yep. Hang. Yep. Hit the guns up, bang, bang, exposed.


You shouldn't even participate in March Banding. So Yeah, my thing is like, have you done, have you made picks with an empty slate? Because I feel like you would not be giving out a pick necessarily tonight if you weren't 12 and l right now. I did like this over, I went to the lab this morning when I got to the office. I did like it regardless. But yeah, I, I mean I can't, you can't be like, oh no pick tonight. Yeah. That's Crazy. I mean that would, that would build the anticipation for the next pick so Much. It would, but there would be a coward's way out to be like, oh, I can get, 'cause I could say no picks for the rest of March. I never lost in March. I come on you gotta, You could do that. You gotta get, You gotta step up to the plate Undefeated in March. I get, If I get to Saturday, there'll be multiple picks and that's probably where Hank will, will jump against me.


What were you gonna say, max? Is Dave hopping on Tonight? Dave might be hopping on tonight. Have you spoken To him like offline About it? I have. He said I'm so mad at, at your run. 'cause he hasn't been any of it. And Elio's too. You Worried him hopping on? No, I think my, I think the way my brain's working has been the more the merrier. The more the merrier. Do you? Okay. It's for the people. I'm fighting for the people more the Merrier. So it just to recap your, your enemy right now is the possibility that Hank wants you to lose. It's, it's Henry Lockwood and everything he stands for. Okay. As a person. Okay. Nothing personal, but as a person.


Okay. It's everything he stands for. All right. That's, that's what gets me up in the morning. That's what gets me out of bed. I respect it is just Hank because like, I mean you just heard him. Oh, well over he, he doesn't know Shit. Well Hank, Hank lives to hate seen him go at Shane right off the bat was wild. Wild. He's just like, whoever's in that chair I'm attacking. Yeah. Poor memes got his wisdom teeth out at the ripe age of 30. Have you had yours out? Yeah. When I was like 16 like everyone else, I still have not had mine out. Do they hurt seven years ago in New York. I had one day where my mouth just like blew up. I went to the dentist and then he gave me the x-ray. He's like, yeah, we gotta get all four of these out. So I went home and he told me, call him back.


We're gonna schedule an appointment. I simply did not make that call. Mm. And it just went away. That's Smart. So I think I'm good body, strong. I think getting you wisdom teeth out as a racket. Yeah. Did you get yours outta there? No. Did anyone? Max and Shane, you got yours out? I got mine out in high school. Yeah. You got yours out Shane. Yep. Who gets, does, do people still get their tonsils out? Yeah. If they get infected. Oh, I still got mine. Oh, You got yours out. Shane. Shane, are you a low key sick boy? I got strep throat three times in six weeks. Oh Shit. Shane. Shane is Sick every other week. You're a low key sick boy. I didn't know that about you. No tonsil gang. Wow. I Got all my original body parts. I'm in mint condition right now. I have no appendix either.


What? Yeah. That burst Almost on death's doorstep. Do you ever think, do you drink Milk? I can, but You know, you Don't. You choose not to. Shane, Do you ever think like what you just described, wisdom teeth, appendix, tonsils, sick all the time. Like, thank God you were born when you were born. Because if you were born, you know, oh yeah. 200 years ago you would've been a dead baby. Yeah. I think Max is also overreacting. I've just been like, it's the Chicago thing. Since I moved to Chicago, I've been getting At least once a month. You're allergic At least once a month. I have to just be like, Shane, go home. Oh no. I've Had to go to like the doctors and stuff. They don't know. They don't know what's going on. How's, how's Max as a boss?


He's a fantastic boss. Okay. Because we know memes is answer different three feet away. Yeah. If Max was not in the room, what would your answer be? Max earmuffs. Max not listening. How's Max as a boss? Max is a fantastic boss. Okay. Okay. Why are you, why do you, are you holding up a sign saying, help me. I may as well be All. What else do we have? Anything else? Oh, JJ Watt doesn't have to go back to the NFL. Yeah, they got scored on. Congrats. They, they gave up the clean sheet, so Yeah. And they won the game. So it was a perfect ending for him where he got a, it was a great storyline, very fun. And then doesn't have to go back to the NFL Bengals fans would've been pumped.


It would've taken the sting off the Tre Hendrickson thing a little bit. He did. And it was like, maybe I'll get jj He did tell me that. He was like, 'cause I, I reached out to him. I was like, dude, this is not the same as the pinky bet, but similar, where it's like, this can't happen. And I was like, are you actually getting ready for this? And he said he had changed his diet and workout routine slightly because it was getting farther and farther down the line. He would, that was like step one on the checklist Yeah. Of something that he'll have to in the future. I would've just, I would've just said fuck it and kept doing my thing until it was time to actually go to training camp and then Just not make the team And then just sucked. Yeah. Yeah. But he's, he's built different, I, I was wondering this about JJ Watt because he's a guy that retired and then all of a sudden he, you know, he got to enjoy himself a little bit, enjoy the fruits of his labor, travel the world a little bit.


He started drinking some beer after he retired. Do you think that a guy as as big as JJ is, he probably didn't drink much while he was in the league. Mm. Do you think he had, do you think he had a higher, low tolerance when he quit? Wisconsin. Wisconsin? Yeah. Yeah. In the blood. He's got a he JJ Wat can drink. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna guess he can drink. I think now he can. I just don't know. Like right after you retire, you're built like a tank, but Wisconsin. But do you have like two beers and then you're like, oh fuck. Yeah. I think it's, I think that just Wisconsin carries through for him. Yeah. There where it's just like, he could just still drink like a tank and be like, oh, I don't, I, first time I'm trying this stuff, I could drink a hundred of 'em. Yeah. Oh, Wisconsin. Alright. Anything else before we get to our awesome interviews? I'm trying to think.


Is there any other news that we missed? There's some drama. Oh, Tell us the drama. It's Eagle's drama. Oh, National Sports Podcast. Yep. I I can, I cannot say it. No, I would, if there is drama, I would like to hear it. It's, there's three players that are involved. Two of them. If I gave you three guesses, I think you could get two of AJ Brown. That's one. Okay. CD Deuce, that's the other. Okay. Okay. Well then, and then there's a third, which is Darius sle. Okay. Darius SLE went on a podcast. He got cut. He got, he got cut. They, they're trying to maybe him rework his contract and him come back eventually. But right as of right now, he is cut.


He went on a podcast and they asked who's going to be the leader in the locker room, in the defensive back room as after like, since he's out. And he was like, I think Reed Blankenship is going to be the leader in that room. Or they're gonna bring in an old guy to replace me as leadership. CD Took offense to that. Went on a, went on a tweet spree where it was very, it didn't make a ton of sense. Okay. Oh, oh, did you pull it up? Yeah. Yeah. Basically he went on a tweet, tweet spree, sub-tweeting, doing gif everything that see, but CD needs a little chip on his shoulder to to play.


To play well. Yeah. And after winning a Super Bowl, it's hard to get that chip on his shoulder. This is one to get a chip on his shoulder. And then the AJ Brown aspect, that same podcast, Devonte Smith, somebody asked, or that same pod podcast, somebody asked if he thought if Darius Slay thought that Prime Devonte Smith or Prime OBJ was a better receiver, and Darius Slay said OBJ. And like an Eagles fan was like, damn, Darius slay throwing shade at Smitty. And then AJ Brown got mad at that Eagles fan. Mm. For Saying, for saying Odell Beckham was better in his prime. Correct. Mm. In his, his prime was that catch? You can, it is very rare that you can pinpoint a man's actual prime.


It was in that moment and it was, it was maybe the best prime of all time. Yeah. His Odell Beckham's first, I wanna say five years in the league were insane. And yeah, you're right. That was, that was like the, the, the moment that was like, oh shit. Yeah. Ell, ell Beckham. If You make a play like that, it, it's awesome. But it also, if it were me, it would kind of suck because it'd be like, fuck, I'm never gonna get better than that. Yeah. That's like Saquon Barkley. Is he gonna do better than that backwards hurdle? Probably not. Or was that his, is he passed his prime? I don't know. He had a couple pretty, pretty sick plays after that this year. He Did Beckham. Yeah. So he got injured in his fourth year, his first three years in the league. 1300 yards. 12 touchdowns, 1400 yards, 13 touchdowns, 1300 yards.


60 or 10 touchdowns pretty damn good. And over 90 catches in all three of those years. But yeah, prime mod was, I, I just, I just like envision Odell just taking a slant to the house. Yeah. Prime odell. Yep. Like A five yard slant and just everyone just is in the dust. Okay. That was good. National Sports podcast. Anything else? Any anything in the NBA? Well Max, what do you think they're gonna do? Good question. What do you Mean? Who's gonna be the leader in that locker room? I Think Big dom. Yeah. Big Dom. Well, no in the defensive back room. That, that's what the question was. Right. I think there could be co-leaders. I don't think there needs to be one certain guy, which I think you need to have a leader.


No, but there, but people lead in different ways. I think that like CD could be, could is like going to be a vocal leader. He's always gonna have someone's back in the locker in the, in a, in a scrum. And I don't know, I think Reed Blankenship will also be a leader. Oh, Okay. Co-leaders. Really well said. Yeah. I was trying to think of like Elon and Vette. I was trying to think of, they were co-leader and they got along real well. Eli and who? Elon. Elon and Vivek. Who's Vive? I don't, Yeah, exactly. Robin Swami. Exactly. Yeah. No, there could be co-leaders. He's a dude who you probably haven't seen him be for a while. 'cause he basically did a tweet that was like, American culture sucks.


And then everyone's like, boo this guy. And we all, we all said boo. We all were like, boo dude, you got booed out of politics. Fuck you dude. Get outta here. Hell yeah. Yeah. America Rocks. Alright, let's get to our interviews. We have Jerry O'Connell with a very special guest joining in with him to maybe ask a few questions. And then we have Sean McVey awesome. Interview with Sean McVey. And we'll finish off with Fire Fest. Okay. Before we get to Jerry O'Connell, we are brought to you by our friends. It truly, truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules.


Drinks light party hard with 8% A BV. It hits hard, but still tastes amazing. Comes in four fresh flavors. Tropical twist, berry blast, citrus Crush, strawberry Smash. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com. The weather's starting to turn. It's gonna be an unruly summer. We're gonna get our trulys, we're gonna hit the golf course. We're gonna hit the beach. We're gonna hit the backyard barbecue. All with truly unruly 8% A BV. It hits hard, but still tastes amazing. I'm a strawberry smash guy. PFT, your citrus Crush. I like the berry blast. Berry blast. No, Hank, you are Citrus Crush Love Citrus Crush.


So go check it out right now. Delicious, delicious drink. And it's 8% A BV, so you can get unruly with truly the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. We're also brought to you by our friends at No Bull. No Bull is a footwear brand for training and for daily life built to support you in your pursuit of physical, mental, and emotional strength. No Bull is known for their best in class award-winning footwear with options across training and lifestyle. No bull has options for everyone. No bull celebrates a no bullshit approach to wellness. No. Bull is about being a work in progress and embracing the constant evolution to being better. This job is never done.


The job is never done. When you have the people at No Bull, we have their shoes, super, super comfortable, great athletic shoes, so go check 'em out right now. They have all types of wear. And exclusively for, Pardon my Take listeners. No Bull is offering 30% off your order. Visit no bull project.com/pmt for 30% off your entire order. That's www.nobullproject.com/pmt for 30% off. No bull is it. Go get 'em right now. You will not be disappointed with the shoes.


I'm telling you, they're super, super comfortable, lightweight, awesome shoes. So no bull project.com/pmt for 30% off. Okay, here he is, Jerry O'Connell. Okay, we now welcome on our very, very, very good friend, our Fantasy Football owner and Hollywood Alister. It's Jerry O'Connell. We figured, okay, this would be a perfect time to have you on to do a little Oscars preview. 'cause our listeners love movies and they want to know what's gonna happen at the Oscars. So let's, let's dive into it. Do you have, who's gonna win? Best picture?


Why'd you call this meeting? Why are you calling me? Like what do you want? What do you want to talk about? You want to get we Oscars, We saw you on TV and you look great Jerry. I don't know who, who were you wearing? Yeah, thank you. I was wearing, I was wearing John Bardos. I, I mean, I, I don't judge people physically. You guys know that about me, but to me more was very attractive. Wow. You know, who was very attractive? I don't judge people physically, but if I did, like, this is who I would say was attractive. I thought Nikki Glaser, who I saw was a beautiful woman. Oh yeah. Yes, Yes. Agreed.


Very beautiful woman. Where did, where did they put you at the Oscars? Where do you sit? So I, I wasn't, I wasn't inside the building. I was outside the building. What? Yeah, I was, I I was working the red carpet for Live with Kelly and Mark. It's a syndicated morning talk show, not sports related. And like, I just basically had to sit on the red carpet and be like, Mr. Lithgow, Mr. Lithgow w would you like to come and talk to me? It's for live with Kelly and Mark, Mr. Lithgow, Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling. Will, will you come and say hi to us. And then they edit all the interviews together and they played it the next day on live with Kelly and Mark.


Well, you, which is a syndicated talk show, not sports related. Right. Okay. But you did look good Jerry, for the record. You look good at the Oscars. We, Yeah. Thank you. What Can we do to get you in the building though? Yeah, you should be in that building. Were, were you not, were you allowed, like if you wanted to go in, were you allowed to go in? You just decided not to go in? No, I I think you have to be nominated for something, fellas. I, I mean I'm not really, I'm not really working a lot right now. Kangaroo Jack, which I was in, is not gonna get me into the Academy Awards. You know, it should Stand by me. Should. Yeah. Yeah. But that was, that was decades ago, you know?


Yeah. Alright. I mean, right now I'm pretty much known as, as your fantasy manager, which I don't know, it feels like I'm not, like, it feels like that is even like slipping through my fingers. Like what? I don't even about I may not even have that anymore. No, you, You are, you are going to be running our team. I listened to your interview with Sheft and I heard you guys say, you know, Hey, maybe you can oversee Jerry when he is doing this. And I don't, you know, I don't feel comfortable with that. 'cause I know it's gonna devolve into me talking to Dylan Shefter his daughter and asking her, you know, who are we starting today?


Dylan Ray, Ray McLeod or, or, or Pac for Iron Mood. You know, or you're gonna stick me with like, like the Rack Brothers, you know, Tim and Tim and the other one, you know. And it's gonna be like, Hey, what's up? Hey Hassleback, come on. We gotta set our line up so we start a dunes or tank down. Need an answer. Need an answer. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I know, I know. Everyone is gonna come on. No, no, no. I know everyone 'cause you called this meeting, so now I'm gonna talk. Everyone who comes on, you're gonna be like, Hey, what's up Wendy? Nicks, should we go with Disley or Thilan? What, what are you feeling? You know, I, and I I don't, I'm not gonna do it, you know?


Yeah, Yeah. I'm, I'm just not gonna do it, Jerry. We barely even know Sheer, Hey, Hey, hey, hey, joy Taylor, should we go with Kincaid? Or, or Zayas? What? But, but Jerry, sorry, what were you saying? We, We, we have Shefter on once a year. We barely know the man. We Have Bond at the combine once a year. Yeah. There was a conversation had, but if you remember Chefy seemed lukewarm on the idea. Seemed like he didn't really understand what he was getting into. So it's like, Hey, all right. This probably won't work out If you fucking stick me. You seem, hold on a second. If you stick me with Darren Revelle, I swear to you, I would never No, I will never.


I would never, no. I would never, ever, ever, ever, I could see you guys doing that as like a bit, you know. No. Hey, no. Tony reality. Jerry O gotta set our lineups fan. Or Hawkinson Tony need an answer? Listen, Listen. Jerry, Adam is a great guest on the show. I don't even think that he's interested in the position. I don't think that you'll hear from Adam Schefter. I don't think that he's a threat to your job. I think that you actually showed us a lot about how, how seriously you were taking it. Yeah. Now, if Adam Shefter did decide that he wanted to be part of it, we'd have to have that conversation. We talk To him or if someone else, but it seems other insider. He does not give a shit about this. And he's sick of doing fancy football. So I don't think you have anything to worry about.


We were mostly just doing that to scare you. I think Adam is not a threat. I don't think you'll hear from him. Okay. Hey, chicken fry. It's, it's Jerry O We we could kick a swing on, on Noah Agree today. Alright. Wait, so Jerry, he didn't Answer chicken fry Terry. I do, I do have questions about the Oscars. I feel like you dismissed our interest in the Oscars. Who was the best, who was the best interview you had? I mean, they're all, it's like pretty mainstream media stuff. Just like, Hey, are you nervous? You know, nothing really spectacular. Nothing Fire like you guys, I do have to say, well, you guys were talking to Chef Dirt and he started talking about the death list.


Yeah. My god. That was So, you like him That was laugh out loud, funny stuff. Yeah. So you like chef? I do like him, but I just, by the way, what are the legalities of him giving me inside information? I, I, I don't, I don't think there are any. I think it's, yeah, that's what was so attractive about Adam Schefter in this position is 'cause he's got the inside info. I don't think that there's any rules that govern insider trading. Yeah. I think, I think the biggest issue that we have right now in this relationship is that you are taking our r want to make a better organization. Like as a personal slight when really we're just trying to get better. Wait, what? What's the issue? J Max just said Jerry's internet may be a problem.


Oh, are we not recording it? No, I mean, we're recording it. It's the Riverside. I've never seen it. It says zero outta Zero out of zero uploaded Jerry. Zero zero. Can you go to somewhere where there's wifi? Jerry? Is this the kind of internet that you deal with on a regular basis when you're, when you're on on the Clock? This is not good. This is not good for you. Wait, lemme just try something here. Hop on that wifi. Let, Just try Something. If Jerry's doing the draft, God forbid, and he runs into this situation. I dunno if it's an Thing, Jerry. That's right. It's, isn't it an Android thing? Green Bubble Is is is that better? Phyllis Seems like it might be. I don't know. Max.


Is that better? No. So what do you want? He just camera With this camera. What do You Jerry O Fantasy man is his name. Oh, That's a nice name you have there. Maybe stop and just, I, I just don't, I You wanna see if it'll I upload if we stop. Yeah. All right. We're gonna stop recording real quick for a second. Quick break from Jerry O'Connell. Talk to you about our friends. It's Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability in the Silverado Trail Boss, so you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer Saturday and son with the truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips. DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west.


Recently they helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man award. Well, the Silverado Trail Boss has built like a fullback. We're talking 495 pounds a foot of torque. Hold onto your sodas Max. Plus the Trail boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk. Silverado brings the grit, then pairs it with all the latest truck tech inside and out the result. A truck that can do it all. Then show up on Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com. Chevrolet. Together. Let's drive. Okay, back to Jerry O'Connell. Okay, so we cut out for a second there, because Jerry's on an Android and doesn't have great wifi, which is not great for our fantasy team. But we were gonna talk more Oscars.


Yeah, more Oscars. I has An old iPhone. Well, not anymore. He actually upgraded to the iPhone 16. If you, if you heard the interview. Yeah, I listened to it. Yeah, you did. Yeah. All right. So Oscars. Jerry, what did you think of? Oh, I Will work with Tiffany. I will work with Tiffany Gomez. Okay. Noted. That Would be fun. Okay. Hey Tiff. Tiff, what's up? Hey, Cordell Patterson Or, or most or Tiff, what are you feeling? How? Alright, So we can How so you're saying that we can contact Tiffany Gomez and put her in charge of you? No, actually that was a joke. Don't do it. I'm like attempting to stay married. I don't want to have a relationship with Tiffany Gomez. I'm a fan of hers. I, I, I am a fan of hers from afar.


Hey guys, I'm not even joking. Like really like trouble in like with marriages like no Tiffany Gomez, please. Okay. Alright. Like fun to be on Twitter, but let's keep it at that. Okay. But you're the one who brought it up. You know, guys, I gotta tell you, I gotta tell you. You know, I, I paid for one third of that very expensive fantasy buy-in. Yeah. And I don't know if you recall, but my wife called into the show before the season we were going to redo our driveway. Yep. We lost, had to pay the one third.


I can pug a picture of my driveway. What it look like, what I drive. I think about fantasy every time I drive over this pothole in my driveway. It's not a joke That, Because That's good. That makes you hungry. Yeah. Yeah. You're always going over it. And every time it like hits my car and it fucks with my suspension, I think I've gotta do better. I've gotta do better. Yeah. And all again, I know we, we kind of cut out there for a second, but all we're trying to do is get us better as an organization, as a team. You're taking it as a personal slight when in reality this is all. If we, if we're popping champagne week 17 next year and Ian Repport or Shef De or Tiffany Gomas is in the middle management role.


No. Will the champagne taste any s like, like less sweet? I don't think so. Yeah, It will. I just don't feel like having to talk to Teddy Brewsky every Sunday morning and asking him to set the lineups because you guys took access away from me to set lineups. I just, just, just don't do it to me guys. Just don't you, you, you, you know what, I actually looked up, I looked up some stuff. Okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you Okay. Some stats here. Okay. Alright, go Ahead. The 2001 Bears, okay. Okay. Two 2001 Bears. 2000 Bears only had five wins. 2001 Bears had 13 wins Duck with Coach Duron.


Coach Duron. Yeah. RIP just passed away. Rest in peace. Yes. Prayers for DeMar. Wow. Lacer remember them Lacer, all them. It was a good team, but they stuck with their organization and they turned it around 2004 chargers. I know because I had season tickets. Coach Heimer 2003 three wins. 2004 12 wins won the A FC West. They stuck with the system. Well who else had big turnarounds? 2019 Packers three win season 2018. 13 win season 2019.


They fired Mike McCarthy. Oh. But I think they turned it around. Yeah, I'm seeing that. So that was Le Lu's first season. Alright, well forget about that. Forget about the 2019 Packers. Okay. Two Thou. Okay. Okay. Okay. 2008 Ravens 2007. They only had five wins. 2008. Oh fuck. Brian Billick was Yeah, yeah, yeah. 2008 is when, okay. 2010. Okay. Nine ERs 2010 six wins. 2011, 13 wins. Same coach. Was that Harbaugh? Was that when they brought Harbaugh 10? I I think Harbaugh was the, was was started coaching there in 2011.


So I think that one plays, I think that one plays. Okay. Just for, just forget about I I I'm the 2004 Chargers had a great turnaround. You know, guys just cut that part out that I said about the, we'll try Niners and all that stuff. Okay. Okay. Yeah, We'll cut that part out for sure. The four, the, the packers. Jerry, Jerry, the differences. Like when was the last time you won a championship? Mm. Good question. It was older. It was a little while ago. I actually, it was a league that I forgot about. I didn't even set the lineups. It just, it was like, it, it auto did it for me.


And they, they let me know that I won. I forgot that I was in the league. And so every day you drive over the pothole and it reminds you that you have not won a championship in what, over 10 years? Yeah. About that. Jerry, who are you going to lunch with today? I'm going out with my buddy Colton Dunn. How did you know that? You told Well, I, I guess I told you. Yeah, You told me you have a lunch at one o'clock. I was just curious. A really funny actor. Colton Dunn. Okay, look him up. Nice guy. He's actually from the Wisconsin area. He's, he's a Packer fan. Sorry, I shouldn't have said that. I'm trying to, oh No. Colton Dunn. I'm say you're a fantasy owner. I'm looking him up. I'm looking him up. Jerry, when you were on the red carpet, were there any directors or Hollywood bigwigs that were like, oh shit, we gotta get Jerry.


Like, do you think maybe we're gonna get a big 'cause You, you should be, you should win an Oscar. I met Ben Steeler. I was, I was talking to him. Oh, Could you get in severance? Oh, I gotta tell you, I'm mostly known, I'm mostly known for your show these days. And not a lot of awls in the academy. Mm. Not a single person was like, Hey, good job. Well not good job. 'cause you didn't win a championship, but like you did, you, you, I saw you tried. Guys are being so rude. You guys are being rude. You know, I I can only take so much guys. It's fair. It's fair, Jerry. It can Only take so much, Jerry. It's fair. We're not, we don't relish putting you down. We don't because you, you care very deeply about the fantasy team, which is why it was a little bit puzzling that you were so averse to having anybody else help.


Like Big Cat and I, we love this fantasy team. We live it, we breathe it, we sleep it. Ever since the start of the show, it was our baby And we cared so much about it that we wanted to bring somebody else you in to help us to win a championship. And it's a little disheartening that you don't have that same, it feels like it's more about Jerry and less about the team. Throw the picture of my pothole, please. Okay. Okay. Okay. Show it. We're showing the pothole. We're showing the pothole. Listen, Jerry, I I just throw the pothole. I wanted to have you On today because I wanted you see that. And by the way, it rained hard. This, it rained hard this week and it just keeps growing. And every time I drive over that pothole, I think about us and our league. You guys are being super rude.


So Jerry, we have a guest. Yeah. Yeah. And he had a, just a couple questions for you. No big deal. Quick Questions. Just quick questions. Can you see him? Do you see Chefy? Jerry? Yeah. Hi Cheff d how are you? I'm a huge fan. Shef d Jerry. It is my honor. Listen, I, you know, these guys, they were very kind to invite me to oversee a team and before I commit to a venture, Jerry, I, I, I just gotta have some basic questions answered if that's okay with you. Totally Fair. Totally fair, right? Fair, Fair, fair. Sure. Yeah. So, so let, let's start out. Jerry. Communication's extremely important with fancy football, texting, FaceTiming, all that. Do you use Android or iPhone?


Jerry? I, I, I, look, look the messaging apps between the two, they now have one messaging app. So there's no more green bubbles and stuff. It's one messaging app. Okay. So it doesn't matter which kind of phone you use 'cause it's all the same messaging app. And also I prefer messaging apps that are a little more encrypted, like Signal where everything disappears. Because if we are gonna be working together, you're gonna be getting some highly offensive shit coming into your inbox. I just want you to know that. So you should know, you should know Septi. If you have a Disney owned phone, the mouse is gonna see some pretty raunchy shit and not just like regular shit.


I'm talking ente of we're gonna to get deep sheepy. It's gonna get deep. So you, this is something that you have to think about if you and I are gonna be partners, okay? It's not just me excepting you. I've gotten some, I've gotten some crazy texts from some coaches with some rather profane language. So I'm used to this, but I still have saved some of those texts. I've saved some of those. Alright, Jerry, I'm interested In the front. Sure. We're, we're, we're familiar with email leaks. I'm talking some really dark web stuff, talking something's offensive. Chefy, listen to me. No, no. This needs to be said kft a Big Cat. This needs to be said. Okay. And I'm sorry I'm getting angry, but since Max won the Super Bowl, he doesn't get angry anymore.


So let me do it for you. You need to understand it ist offensive stuff that's coming into your inbox. It's real dark web shit that's gonna give you nightmares, sheie nightmares. So get ready. That's okay. You wanna talk about whether we can start no gray or not? Whether's gonna hit a home run. Let let him ask the questions, Jerry. Yeah, he's got a job to do here. Let him ask the Questions. Jerry, we we got, we got Trey Hendrickson requesting trades. We got NFL Live stuff. I gotta get going here and I gotta get through this process. So let me ask you a few more things if you don't mind. I'm interested in the process that you used to determine draft rankings. Can you walk me, walk in a very simple way through your process there?


Yes. If I were to remain in charge of the draft, our, our, our part of my take fantasy draft, we're gonna go heavy on wide receivers in the beginning and we're not gonna pick up running backs until maybe the fourth, fifth, and sixth rounds. Okay. Good answer. Good morning. Okay. Approximately how much football would you say you watch in a given weekend? Good Question. Good question. Good question. Good question. I, I, I, I'm, I'm currently in a, I'm currently married and you know, football Carly is not my job. Yeah. So I I, it used to just be like a quarter, maybe a quarter and a half a week.


But since my kids got their licenses, I'm getting, I'm getting close to three quarters a weekend. That includes Thursday and Monday night football. Three quarters. We need full Commitment. You, I'm ashamed. I am, I am ashamed of that. I am ashamed of that. I'm not ashamed of the dark web shit that I'm gonna send you, but I'm ashamed that I only get three quarters of football. So That may explain why Big Cat and PFT have not won a championship. That may explain it right there. Okay. We, we believe, we believe a stable home life. Third, oh, hold on. Hold on. Jerry. We believe a stable home life is important to our team's success.


Tell me about the level of support that you have from your family in managing a team. Is everyone in your house all bought in Jerry? No. They don't even know they can't stand PFT and Big Cat. They think they're strange people. I mean, you know, I like my wife. I, I tried, I was talking about Max and she said, let me see a picture of this guy and don't even get me started on the kind of reaction that that had. I, I, I, they're, no, they don't like me watching football. They don't like the sound of it. If I do watch it, it usually has to be on mute.


Okay. Okay. Okay. Well hold on. I got two more 'cause I gotta get on a TV show here. But follow up on family, Jerry, follow up family is very important to me and at times I have my son and my daughter who's a big fan of yours, help with my workflow. Yeah. Would you have any issues if they were in contact with you, giving you direction And, no, I love your kids. I'm very happy, Dylan. Correct. That's your daughter's name? Yeah. She's gonna be very happy that you know her name. Very, very good Jerry. Yeah. Yes. I'm very excited to work with them. I think they're great. If you have any advice, I have two 16 year olds who are currently vaping nonstop. Let's just hope it's just nicotine.


If you have any advice for that, let let me know. You know, my Dylan's 16 and, and, and who knows what's going on. We just, we, we hope and pray for the best. Right? Yeah. That's all we can do. Jerry is Yeah, parents. 16 year olds. All right. My last question for you Jerry. Have you ever while employed as PMT team manager spoken to a competing sports program about fantasy football strategies? Mm, good question. Great question. Okay. Now, Mr. Shefter, you understand, like, you get a lot, I'm sure you're a friendly guy who gives your phone number out. I know you have two phones.


You know, I have a good friend named Akbar who played for the Raiders, who is now, now currently on Good Day football. Good morning football. And he asked me to come on. I do have to say coming onto, Pardon, My Take has really increased my visibility and a lot of people call me and ask me about coming on their podcasts and such. And it's only because I do Pardon My Take. So I, I was on Good Morning Football once, but I did let, I did let a Big Cat and PFT know I was going on it. He's a friend and I, I didn't, I didn't wanna say no, I did another friend a, a podcast for my friend Adam Pey, but it was not sports related.


It's about health. And I did ask PMT and Big Cat and they said it was okay and then threatened me with like, losing my ability to ma to set the lineups in our fantasy league. Yeah. Well That's fair. You know, you know, Jerry, listen, these are just things that I wanted to just get out there in the open. I wanted you to think about them. I wanted to hear the answers myself. And now that I have them, and I appreciate your time today. Yeah. We could sit back, think about things, evaluate, it's sort of like making a draft pick. You don't just make the traffic, you put a lot of time thought and energy into it and then you make the decision about who you're gonna pick. Yeah. Right? Same thing here. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, let me get Chefy.


Let me get, let me get your number on that new phone. I got some bids that I really want send you. I'm love this. These Guys got my cell. Yeah. Jerry, you text me anytime. Good. Yeah, let me get it. What do you want? You want me to do it on WhatsApp? You want me to do it on signal? You just want straight SMS. I can do whatever you want. Sheie. Whatever you want. You wanna come on this team, it's gonna, I appreciate how willing and flexible you are. Yeah. Alright. Thank you so much Chefy. Thank you. Fun. Yeah, I know you, you Guys appreciate It. Alright, thanks Chefy. Appreciate it. Important conversation. Need to be had. Thank you. Alright, Jerry? I think that went well.


I think that went well. That was you guys. You guys ambushed me. You guys ambushed me. Oh, that was crazy. We wanted to see how you responded to adversity. Jerry. What, What? What a great sport man. What a good guy. So funny. Yeah, he really is. I really look forward to his interviews. He, he, oh, I love the, I love the coach. I love the coach Cohen in interview as well. I thought it was really interesting. Although dude did I, I want you guys to answer something to me. Did you know what he was talking about when he is talking about Flapjack space side two, two deep backs and all that stuff and he started going into the jargon? No. He Just nod and you're like, yeah, that Makes sense. You hear like one word that you recognize.


Yeah. And you're like, yeah, I understand the whole thing. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We just nod along. That was exciting. I, that was really fun. Oh God. Can't wait to send. I feel I can't wait. Go ahead. Sorry. No, no, go ahead. No, you go. No, you go. I'm gonna, I'm gonna send him one vid and he's gonna say I'm out. I can't do this. I know exactly which one I'm gonna send him. Jerry, What we'd like to know, because we've been talking to a lot of coaches recently. They've got a lot of acronyms. I want you to come up with an acronym that embodies kind of the spirit and the motto of what you're looking for in a team. You don't have to do it right now, but I we're, we're looking for a change of direction. No, I'm gonna do it right. Maybe some fresh ideas. So I'm gonna do it right now.


I'm gonna do it right now. I know that Coach Cohen had fast, fundamental attack speed Situational masters. That was so funny when you guys were saying that's Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's two words. So it's really funny. Yeah, I have one. My acronym is shit. Mm. Success hits intelligence. Thoughtfulness. We're gonna be thoughtful in who we start. Okay. Shit. Okay. Shit. Shit. Nope. I think the S should stand for Shey. I thought he was shit. I thought, I don't know about success Jerry, I don't know about you, but like Chefy had some really good pointed questions. It feels like he does. He's he's diligent. That's the type of guy we want in our organization.


Yeah. Yeah. It's almost as if someone like fed fed those questions to him. This is like the Biden administration. Nope. No, No. I think you're being a little bit paranoid. No. Nope. There's some good things to think about. So, alright, so Jerry, you did have a Rollback poem, so let's finish with that. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. I got Hey Big Cat, Big Cat, Big Cat. I got it. Big Cat. I got it. This is a Rollback poem. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs, polo hoodie, jogger shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take go right now. Rollback dot com promo code. Take Q.


Zip by the way, it's a quarter zip, it's like right there. This is a poem for my fantasy owners who've been a little rude as of late. Big Cat and PFT, Big Cat, PFT, Big Cat, PFT, Big Cat, PFT. The hosts who rarely take days off every day is days on Big Cat, PF, T, Big Cat, PFT, Big Cat, PFT. But this poem is about treating people with respect. So you ready my pie on Big Cat, PF, T, Big Cat, p ft, Big Cat, PFT. You hang with all the celebs just like Colbert, Kimel and Fallon. Big Cat, PFT, Big Cat, PFT, Big Cat, PFT.


And you get very, very excited. Like the night Big Cat met Josh Allen. You were super excited. Big Cat I was, energy was Big. Cat, PF, T, big cap. PF, T, big cap, P, f, T. Every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. The two of you with the cure. Nope. Placebo, big cap, PF, T, big cap, PF, T, big cap, P, F, T and PFT. Congrats to you on landing Fat people. Big 50, big cap, PF, T, big cap. PFT. We love you as our leaders. You are balanced and always fair. Big cap. P ft, big cap, p ft, big cap, P, F, T and PFT. Also congrats on the new transplants of your long luscious hair. Thank you. Big cap. PF, T, big cap. P, f, T, big cap, P, f, T.


In the podcasting world, the two of you just seem to thrive. Big cap. PF, T, big cap. PFT, big cap p ft. But PFT. What makes you think you can buy a farm and keep livestock alive? Hmm, you're gonna kill them. Big Cat, p ft, Big Cat, p ft, big cap p ft. We love the hot seat. Cool throne. The numbers. And even guys on chicks. Big cap. PF, T, big cap, PFT, big cap, PF, T. And now that you both turned 40, you better start rubbing that. A rock zone on your little fucking gigs. Big Cat, PFT, Big Cat, PFT, Big Cat Pft. Look. Your humor's pretty basic consisting of farts and big boobs. Big Cat, PFT, Big Cat, p ft, Big Cat, PFT. And now that you're both 40, welcome to the world of gray Pubes.


They're wry. Big Cat, p ft, Big Cat, PFT, Big Cat. Pft. Yes. The two of you are getting older, brittle, boons and weak. Discolored. P Big Cat, p ft, Big Cat, p ft, Big Cat, PFT. Big Cat can't even run 40 yards without getting a boo. Booo on his knees. Facts Cat, PFT, Big Cat, p ft, Big Cat p ft. You need to treat longtime fantasy managers with respect and you better be cautious. Big Cat. P, FD, Big Cat. P, FD, big cap. P, f, D. You can't just treat them like Trump treats Zelensky in the Oval Office. Topical, you didn't wear a suit. Big Cat, p ft, Big Cat, p ft, Big Cat, P, F, d. Look, we all love your podcast. Some would even say it's the best Big Cat, p ft, Big Cat, p ft, big cap, PF, T.


But you should really treat your fantasy managers better, especially when they are a very, very, very, very special guest. So Big Cat, PF, T, Big Cat, PFT, Big Cat, PFT. You need to take a long hard look at yourselves, chefy and me Big cap. Pft, big cap. PFT, big cap p ft. Because if you disrespect your fantasy manager you might just break your IUD. I'll take my answer up The air. Noted. Noted. Hung up. That was great. Oh, that was great. I think it was the best poem. Yeah. And I also think, listen, I think this was a very instructive session that we had with Jerry and Hefty and I think that Chefy asked, asked some great question.


Jerry did a lot better in the interview than I thought he was. I like that He fought back a little bit. Yeah. And he kind of blackmailed Chefy. He's like, yeah, I'll, I'll work with you. But you're gonna be under the investigation for for many, many computer charges. Yeah. It will cost you your entire life. Yeah. But we could work together. Alright, well that was Jerry O'Connell and Adam Shefter. Deep Web shit. Great interview. Jerry O'Connell was brought to you by fast-growing trees. Did you know that Fast-growing trees are the biggest online nursery in the United States with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have all the plants your yard needs. They got fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more.


Whatever plants you're interested in. Fast-growing trees has you covered. Find the perfect fit for your climate and your space. Fast-growing trees makes it easy to get your dream yard order online and get your plants delivered directly to your door in just a few days without ever leaving home. Their live and thrive guarantee ensures that your plants arrive happy and healthy. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plant your landscape. Choose the right plants and learn how to care for them. Fast growing trees is incredible. If I get that farm, if I get that farm, I'm gonna be ordering so much stuff from fast growing trees, I'm going to be out there like a demon planting. It's planting season. Get involved. I wanna see some great yards from Awls this spring.


They have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals and listeners to our show. Get 15% off their first purchase when using the code PMT at checkout. That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com. Using code PMT at checkout fast-growing trees.com code PMT now's the perfect time to plant use PMT to save today. Hank, what's your favorite type of plant that you can grow in your yard? I've got two Bonsai tree, Bonsai tree. That's, don't you keep a bonsai tree, like in a self-contained environment, I guess you could plant one in the yard. Very therapeutic to take care of Big Cat. What's your favorite plant?


My favorite plant is, how about like a good oak tree? That's a good tree. Yeah. Could last for hundreds of years I Ordered a a bunch of plants from this place. I'm, I'm gonna really make a an effort to be a plant guy. You're Gonna be a gardener. Yeah. You got a green thumb. Well, Obviously I don't have a, I don't have a garden, but in my, in my apartment Got A sill. Yeah. I'm a big fan of, It's just a lot of pressure. 'cause you know if you are a dead playing guy, that's a bad sign. Yeah, it's a big red flag. Very. I like dahlias and I like Lantana. It's a member of the Mint family, but it's got flowers really covers all your bases. Love that offer. Valid for a limited time, but you can get an additional 15% off your first purchase when you use code PMT at checkout.


That's an additional 15% off at fast-growing trees.com when you use promo code PMM t at checkout fast-growing trees.com. Promo code PMT Jerry O'Connell was also brought to you by Lucy. I got my Lucy in right now. I got my espresso. Eight milligram breakers. Hank, what are you using today? I'm A breaker. Four milligram espresso. Four milligram espresso. Lucy is the obvious choice for the true nicotine pouch connoisseurs. They're the official nicotine pouch partner of Barstool Sports. Lucy Pouches go all the way up to 12 milligram strength. They have a unique shape that feels great. Lucy Pouch. Lucy Breakers are the only pouches that have the hydration capsule inside.


It's a totally new kind of pouch only available from Lucy. The hydration capsid, you crack it open with your teeth before you toss it in your lip and the capsule releases a burst of flavor and helps release nicotine faster. It's an experience that you can't find in any other pouch. Get Lucy shipped straight to your door when you visit lucy.co/pmt and use promo code PMT to get 20% off your first order. You can subscribe for another 15% off and shipping's always free. Don't have to worry about going to the store, don't have to worry about running out. It gets shipped straight to your door. And with lucy.co/pmt and promo code PMT, you get 20% off your first order and 15% off if you subscribe.


Lucy products are only for adults of legal age. Every order is age verified warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. And now here's our very good friend Sean McVey. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. He is our good friend, super Bowl head coach, super Bowl winning head coach. Sean McVey. Coach, first of all, thank you for joining us. Let's start though with, I saw a quote that you didn't go to the combine this year. I think you haven't gone to the combine for a couple years because you trust it's Yeah, you trust your scouts now. I believe that. But is there also part of you that just didn't wanna run into us two idiots and have to have like a stupid conversation at Prime 47 where we like judge your your beard because that would be fine.


That's totally fair. If you didn't wanna see us. The insecurity that that conversation left me with was a very real thing. You know, thinning hair, beard. I'm getting PRP shots now thanks to you guys, but that, that is a small part. Big Cat. I can't lie. Yeah. So we ran you out of indie, but I do, there's a real question in this in the scouting part. As a head coach, how much does the actual combine and the metrics that you guys, you know, collect from there matter when you're analyzing a player? Like does it, can it really be, oh, this guy showed flashes that we didn't see on tape, now we're gonna consider him differently.


It's a, you know, the, the workout part is a really small portion for me at least. I think it's led to some mis evaluations. The tape is the biggest guide. What I do think the combine's beneficial for is the medical checks. You know, you get a lot of stuff in terms of the medical checks. And then the other thing is, what we used to do when we would go is you spend those 15 minute increments where you're able to just get a feel for their football acumen when you put their tape on. How are you coach? You know, you don't want to necessarily punish 'em for not being exposed to maybe some of the things other guys are, but the meetings can be beneficial. But I do think that that's still, that 15 minute window is too short of a time to really get a feel for a human being. So the vetting over the course of their careers, the tape and the medical is, are the, the things that are the most important guiding principles for us.


Yeah. Did did you have any specific questions you used to ask guys in tho those 15 minutes to try to get a feel for who they are? I think the best thing, and a lot of this because of some of the, you know, the shortcomings I've had is, hey, what's the biggest adversity you faced and how did you bounce back from it? You know, like, and you don't wanna punish guys for not having gone through it. But I'm such a big believer just based on the course of things that have occurred professionally for me or even personally, that even though the most challenging moments, they felt like the worst thing when you're in 'em, you look back on 'em and you're saying, I don't know where I would be without what those lessons and those tough times taught me. And if people have shown a consistent ability to be able to respond and use adversity to kind of catapult themselves forward and it doesn't break, that means a whole hell of a lot to me.


Yeah. Do do you judge a man by his handshake? Yeah, I think so. Right. I mean, there is a part of it that you can feel, I mean, there's a couple of these guys, they feel like you're gonna break your hand. So it definitely leaves an impression. I mean, if you give me that limp, you know, handshake. Yeah. I'm not a big fan of that. I mean, what do you guys think? Yeah. Yeah. I mean Definitely on the other hand, it's kind of become like an arms race. Everyone, ever since people were like, oh yeah, Adrian Peterson, he will break your hand off with a handshake. I feel like guys go into the handshake now thinking about really squeezing and it's not like a natural squeeze. It's like, I'm gonna try to impress him with my grip strength right now. Yeah. Is that what you guys do? Well, so I, I'm dealing with an issue for the last three months. I have a broken pinky.


And so every time I shake someone's hand it's like, I'm just like, it's a 50 50 shot. Whether they'll hit the right spot where I'm just like screaming in pain internally. But I also don't want to give a bad handshake. So I go in strong that, I mean, what, what would you grade me if I, if I, if we were in the combine, I was like, Hey, listen man, honestly, I would probably transition to a half dap kind of bro hug. I do try to dap a little bit more, but it's just Like, you know, that way then it's still not impersonal. But I mean I I've been in those situations where you get some of those handshakes and it sends a shockwave through your whole fucking body. Right? Yeah. Right. And then I have that and I, I I judge myself, like if I give a bad handshake, I'm upset at myself and I, I, it, it sticks with me for a little bit where I'm like, man, I fucked that up.


I fucked that up and that guy probably thinks I'm such a pussy. So Abby, What's the last time when you thought that yourself and then you felt the other guy thinking that same exact thing? Oh, oh Yeah. You do the like, look away because you know that you screwed it up. Yeah. Now you Can't even make eye contact. 'cause he's thinking you're a pussy too. Yeah, right. Exactly. I judge mostly based on the clamminess of the handshake. That too, like how much moisture is, is on the other end of it. Because that tells you that the palms don't lie. It's like you can squeeze as hard as you want, but if you're sweating, I know that you're a little bit nervous. I, if I was a prospect, I would just go in for a hug and a kiss. Mm. With a coach. Yeah. I would just be like, that's strong. Come here, gimme strong, gimme a smooch, gimme let's Gimme a quick kiss. Alright. Yeah. Hey, That's certainly leave an impression.


Yeah. Yeah. It absolutely would. You wouldn't forget that guy. So the big news, obviously last week, Matthew Stafford sticking with the Rams. How long was that conversation when he came to the facility and you're like, Hey, let's just do this. Because yeah, I I think we all assumed that was gonna happen, but there was a little bit of time there where it was kind of up in the air and there's rumors going around, ski trips, whatever. But how, how quickly were you able to just be like, Hey, we need you here, we want you here, you still got football left. That was consistent throughout, you know, the, the Yellowstone, I'm kind of upset. I wasn't there with, you know, for the, for the ski trip that was a free, you know, that's a who's who over there. Yeah. But I would say this, that was always the end goal in mind, trying to figure out, hey, how do we get this guy back?


What I do think is good and honestly, and I've kind of talked about it, the biggest thing to me was that was always what we wanted. Matthew knew that. I'm so glad that it ended up where it did. But the most important thing is, is when you're making these commitments and he's such a central part of where we want to go. And he's got such a positive influence on his teammates, him feeling good about it, and Kelly feeling good about it. And really collectively us all understanding, Hey, here's where we were at. Let's have some, you know, good conversations. And there's never been anybody that I really loved and cared about that you couldn't have like real conversations with. And I think we understood that we might not always see eye to eye on some different things, but I think we were closer as a result of going through it.


Even though there was some stuff where you're out there and it became so public where you're at the gym and shoot, it's the music's going, but you have one of these stations on and that's all they're talking about. And you're thinking they're showing these highlights and stuff. And I'm thinking, man, that would be a real dumb ass if we let this guy go. Yeah. So, but it was, it was good. It was a couple hours, but it was, it was more of a formality in making sure that everybody felt good about the direction we're going. And, and I will say it was a great meeting and I felt that it was some uncomfortable weeks, but where it's at, I think we're better as a result of it. I know I at least feel that way. And from my understanding, I think Matthew and his family does as well. Did You, so you mentioned Kelly. Do you have anyone in the analytics department that listens to her podcast to try to be like, all right, here's where we can, here's where the negotiation might go.


Like she's, she's kind of tipping her hand a little bit. Do you have anyone who's studying that? I haven't had anybody study that. Okay. I'm not We a guy. We haven't Had that. Yeah. We got a guy that does it. Cheer O'Connell. He's got all the information on that. Yes, yes. But you were nice. You're a smart guy. If you're going to be trying to convince Matt Stafford to, to play for your team, you take him someplace warm, you take him to Cabo, you don't, you don't take him up in the mountains on a ski trip. Yeah. Was thatta Ain't no fun. When the rabbits got the gun moment where it's like, oh shit, I remember this. It's, you know, vacation bump into someone. There was some nervous vibes. I thought, oh, this feels familiar. But the difference was we didn't give him permission to actually be traded.


We gave him permission for his agent to talk to some other teams. Yeah. That was different than the parameters around Detroit. Right. And so I'm damn glad that we're talking about him being a Ram o. Otherwise, it, it would be, it would be a real different feeling that I would have right now. I don't think I'd have the courage to come on and talk to you guys. It might be, it would be bad. Yeah. Well, No, it'd be, it'd be interesting because you'd probably be having Aaron Rogers come in and then we'd have a whole bunch of things to talk about in that case. Oh yeah. So there's another guy, Cooper Cup, great player. Yeah. But he, he might be playing in a different place next year, but I think you guys are, it's kind the same situation, right? Where it's like, if he doesn't find someplace, if you guys don't find a good deal or whatever, there's a chance he could be a ram next year too.


Is that fair to say? I would say probably not. You know, this is a little bit different. You know, the, the, this guy has been such a powerful influence, impact player, but also person and his rookie year coincides with my first year as a head coach. I would say this in the eight years going into year nine, there hasn't been a more challenging circumstance that you have to navigate relative to knowing that the most likely outcome is we're parting ways with him. He's a legacy ram. He's done so many incredible things. I mean, you look at how instrumental he is, been in all things that are right about the Rams, he's at the center of that. And that hasn't been fun, but he's been a real one throughout it. And sometimes these tough conversations are real things, but so forever grateful for what he's done over these eight years and he's got good football left in him for sure.


Yeah. So the human element of that obviously sucks. It's, it's part of the job. Do you find yourself though, like, I think that if I were in your position, I would just send a stray text to Cooper Cup and just be like, you know, I love you bro. Like, shit like that where you get in your feelings a little bit. Do you ever find yourself doing that? Yeah, And I'll say this though, like in all seriousness, the the thing that I, when I look back on, all right, let's make sure you learn from your mistakes. Like early on, you're 30 years old as a head coach, you're a na you're naturally thrust into a role where you have to make hard decisions that you can't accommodate everybody. But I was so worried in a lot of those instances of still trying to be like and respected. I think you get better at being able to, with an empathy, but an honesty and a direct, you know, communication in regards to, Hey, this sucks with careful consideration.


I've been wrong before. I could be wrong again. But this is what we think is best for the collective, even though it might not suit an individual. But yeah, you're in your feelings. I love this guy. And I mean, what's crazy is, is this guy's changed my life for the better. I I'm a better coach. I've gotten opportunities, there's been financial things that have come my way and he's been an instrumental part of all those blessings that this game has brought. And he's been, you know, one of the main guys that's been a positive influence. So there's a lot of emotions that goes into that. But I do think that the friendship, the relationship we formed over time, while it might be where I'd be pissed off if I was him too, hopefully as time goes, there's at least an appreciation that hey, not easy, but kind of, we've had good communication and there'll be a lot of appreciation and gratitude.


When you look back on the time spent together. You, you mentioned something there that's interesting because I, I just knowing you for, I, I think the first time we had you on was like six or seven years ago. And, and yeah. And, and knowing you, I can feel it that you have gotten a lot more comfortable in the role where maybe when you first started it was like, I have to do what the image of a coach is. I can't really be myself. And it's totally, it, it feels like you're, you're a lot more comfortable being yourself. Was there a moment, was it winning the Super Bowl or was it before that where you're like, Hey look, I'm really good at this. I don't have to be someone else's vision of a coach. I'm just gonna be Sean McVey. Yeah. And you know, I don't know if it's as much that Big Cat as much as it's just, you know, growing up as a man, you know, you're, you're 30 years old when you get hired and you're really figuring out, okay, through good things and then through failures.


Like what are you really about? How are you foundationally built? Like what's the shit that really matters in terms of how you positively impact people, but how you handle hard times, how you handle hard conversations with an empathy and an appreciation, how you enjoy it. You know, I think sometimes not taking yourself so seriously too. I think it was part of, you know, just coming into that dynamic. But I think a lot of the failures or mistakes I've made through eight years where people give you grace, but you're saying, all right, if you really mean, like you want to take accountability, it's okay. People make mistakes, but, but learn from it. Like really apply those learning lessons with, you know, all the things, whether it's football related, most importantly relational, you know, how you are as a father, as a husband, all those things.


And I do think I'll say this too, and, and you, you know, this like having a kid has made Oh yeah. Has just brought such a purpose and a perspective into my life that I just didn't have before. I realized how freaking selfish I was, you know, before this ended up happening. It's been the biggest blessing ever. Yeah. Having kids, I I I try to tell, I mean, it's, it's obviously very difficult, but there is a superpower that comes with it where things that m felt important before just roll off your back 'cause you're like, so true. This is not important. And it's, I, the way at best I describe it is you live the first however many years of your life where you're the main character in your movie and then a kid shows up and you're like, no, you're the main character in my movie now. Like, you're the main character that, that everything revolves around.


So it totally changes It, you know, it's funny. It's so true though. And it's funny when you say that too. Like, you think about probably the enjoyment you guys have working with each other and the rest of your group and what it's become when it's about, I don't wanna let people down. Like it's the same thing in coaching. I, I can think about like when it's been the most pure, like when we were in the midst of going and trying to win a Super Bowl in 21 where we get into the playoffs, you know, I genuinely felt in the midst of that I wanted it more for Whitworth, Aaron, Donald Stafford Cup, Jalen Ramsey, Odell, our coaches von Miller. Like, and that is a, where you're much more fulfilled. It almost takes a pressure off where it's like, it's not about your selfish ambitions, I wanna do it because I don't wanna let that other guy down.


And it's wild how it's almost like a weight is alleviated. Yeah. Whereas when you feel like, man, this shit's more about you than you'd ever like to know anybody that you know, like you, you don't say it out loud and you know how to say the right things, but you know what you're feeling. That's the best thing I can put about like my son and my wife. And, and when you apply those things in all parts of your life, man, there's where real fulfillment and it's not perfect, but it's a much better way to live to me. Yeah. Yeah. Do you, do you ever think to yourself like 30 years old, what were they thinking? Hiring a 30-year-old to be a head coach? Like being this old now and thinking about how young you were back then When I was 30, I was a completely different human being. Yeah. Yes. I tell that to Stan Croy all the time.


I said, what the hell were you thinking hiring me as a 30-year-old? And, and you know, what you realize is like, while you might be ready to do some of the things from a leadership perspective, just coaching wise, there still is an emotional toll that that takes on you because of the internal pressure you put on yourself. And if you really were to say though, like, what's the best thing in these eight years that's happened to me, it was going five and 12 in 2022. Like it really was because of what that force. Like I had to get my ass broken down and really exposed on a public level where you're really saying like, all right, some of these insecurities you have now, you can't hide from 'em and you're either gonna handle it the way that you would want to advise your son or you're gonna run away from it and you can conveniently hide behind other opportunities.


And so there is no doubt that I say that to, to Mr. Crocky all the time, but I'm sure damn glad that he made the decision to do that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Was there a point this year where you did send that text to Aaron Donald and you were like, Hey, how are you feeling? Ha ha He was at my house for, we we, after we had played Minnesota earlier on in the season, it was a Thursday night game. So we had a birthday for my son Jordan. It was his first birthday. And we were officially those parents that, you know, the 1-year-old. Like he really knows, it was really us throwing a party for ourselves, acting like, you know, it's for our 1-year-old. But I think I caught a couple vodka sodas too many. And I definitely was trying to convince him of that. And he is like, Hey bro, we've already been down this road, man, you know, that's not happening.


Like we got some momentum going right now. What do you think? Yeah. Yeah. Just Hop in. If I were you, I would do that at least once a week. Yeah. Just be like, just emphasize your Last minute. And he still could. Yeah, he could still go. I mean it is what a stud that guy was. Yeah. Yeah. You needed to reverse it. You just be like, people are saying you're getting fat. Is that true? Like, I heard people saying that like, you don't have it anymore. You're not tough. I think he would know. That's just so not true. He wouldn't even respond. That'd be like spitballs on a battleship to him. Yeah. I don't know if you saw this quote, I'm sure you did, but Kevin Dotson said that Sean McVeigh thinks in four D or something. So the exact quote is, I don't think people can think like him. I think he thinks in four D or something.


He's just thinking in every direction. Do you see in four D? I do not, but hey, hey here. I did not hear that quote. That's a knowing my man Kdot, he's a stud. I'll take that all day. And that that is my guy. Did you see what he did against the Niners on the screen where he took two out? No. No. So it was a good day. It was a good, it went viral man. We threw like a little inside perimeter or or an inside tunnel screen to nku a and he ended up pancaking two guys on the play. You should check that out. W was that Kdot was doing his thing. Was that the against the Niners on Thursday night when we had the shootout win? Yeah. 12 six. Yeah. So that game, we obviously watch the whole game. When you get into a game like that, is there a point in the game where you're like, God damnit this game sucks.


'cause it like, and just try to find a way to win it because it was, it felt like it. You saw it was like punt, punt, punt. You are like, oh, it's gonna be one of those games where no one's gonna be able to move the ball and you just gotta figure out a way to survive. The answer is, it was challenging, but hey, you saying punt? Did you see Northern Colorado with the fake punt Smash? I told you it would work. I told you it would work. I showed that in the team meeting. The fucking guys loved it. Oh, I said I'll be, damn. That was on fourth down, not third down, I think. But the a We, my guy Carter Crutchfield, he spliced that in with us talking about it. And That's awesome Punt. I thought of you. I mean the guys loved it.


I was so pumped when I saw it and I was like, it worked. It worked. A fake punt. Punt. I'm telling you. I swear. Hey, you got a shout. You guys got a shout out in the, in the team meeting. But I was like, that's awesome. How we damn that is, we gotta find the Northern Colorado coach and say what was the, yeah, what was the genesis of this? Did he see this? Yeah, when you brought it up, it would Now it worked too. Yeah. It was, it was a great play. Yeah. It you think about putting that in the playbook next year to Pick upon it. You know what, you know what that reminded me of? That's like if you saw our Philly game, we ran a fake flea flick, fake flea flicker screen to the tight end. Yep. It's kind of our version offensively of the fake punt punt. It's, I think, think it's a flea flicker. No, now it's a screen. Yeah.


The Flea flicker checkdown is Always open. You can always get, you can always get seven to 12 yards on that. We've called that play twice and it's gone for 20 on both of 'em. One was in an NFC championship in 21 and then the other one was against filling the divisional round. But obviously you know how that one ended. Yeah. So dumb question about the Philly game, by the way. I was rooting against you because I did, you guys were my pinky team this year. So if you had won the Super Bowl, I would've had to cut off the tip of my pinky. So that game was very nerve wracking to me. 'cause I was like the Rams, I I I declare a pinky team. What do You mean were your pinky? Why, why the hell would we be your pinky team? Because it has to be an oh and two team that has Super Bowl aspirations.


I can't just be like, oh, my pinky team's, the Panthers this year. So it's basically saying like, this team's done. You guys were obviously not done. You went on a run. I was starting to get very nervous that Philly game was, was as tight as tight could be. But my question is, I it's loser talk, but is there a part of you that like says, Hey, we played Philly, the Super Bowl champs tougher than anyone else in the playoffs. Like, like we're right there. Do you, do you take any solace in that? 'cause that's, that's a fan thing to do and a loser thing to do, but I'm wondering if like, there's a little reality of like, hey, we were right there. Well, here's what I would say. I, the, the answer is in some form or fashion, I think human nature. Yeah. You watch that and you say, how cool would that have been?


Like the thing, here's what I'll tell you the answer is in some form, yes. But then you also acknowledge every year is a new year. Every week's a new week, shit like that. Philly was a real team, but we did play them well that day and they made enough plays to be able to win. We had our chances. I was proud as hell of our football team. But the thing that I was like, that I thought would've been so special is if you got a chance to host the NFC championship in the midst of everything that our community had done, like what I thought was really cool, I wouldn't even worry about necessarily winning and losing, but let's represent for the city, right? How we wanna play the competitive toughness, the way that you stay connected and stay together as a team. And those guys did, it was as fun of a team as I've been a part of where there was real improvement throughout the year.


But that was where you say, man, we were so close to being able to host an NFC championship for the city in spite of everything that's going on. Obviously Washington was a damn good team. You never know how it's gonna play out. But when you watch that, I think naturally you think that, but you also aren't naive to say like, man, every week's a new week. And you just never know how those matchups are gonna unfold in a, in a league that is so matchup oriented week to week. Yeah. Yeah. It would've been cool to see, to see Los Angeles showing out there that, that brought up something that I think we talked about at the start of the Playoffs, which was the Chargers were in the Playoffs. You guys were in the playoffs. There was a chance it was an outside chance granted that both the Chargers and the Rams would have hosted the NFC and a FC championship games on the same day.


Yeah. How crazy. How crazy would that have been? And also, is there a difference between having Harbaugh as the coach of the Chargers and having a Staley? Like are you finding more tens of dip around the, the team facility that you guys share? I don't, Well we don't, you know what? We don't actually ever really cross over. They have their own locker room. We have our own locker room. But Harbaugh's a stud. He did a great job. You could see his identity all over that team. That would've been a champagne problem if the, if we were hosting an A FC and NFC championship at SoFi that I think Stan would, Stan, Mr. Crocky would ha would gladly navigate. Yeah. He'd be very happy with that. So, so let's talk about the acronyms. You've got two acronyms over your left shoulder, heart and fast.


Yeah, fast. Seems pretty familiar to me. I think that's Liam Cohen's. Did you steal fast from Liam Cohen? I wanna know what that biter said. I wanna say, I wanna know. Alright, so when he, so he comes on, he got his, he's got his acronym. Liam, get your own shit man. Yeah. Well, and, and, and I Love Liam. But what did he, what would, how did, what did he say? Fast fundamentals attacking situational and then toughness Situational Masters. Yeah. Yeah. Situational masters. I But here's the thing, I don't think you want take credit for it because it's a terrible acronym. The double words. No it's not. Yes it is. Okay, well hold on. I don't think You don't an acronym. Yeah. You don't understand an acronym. How he explain, let me explain. Say that again. I just, you I don't think you know what An acronym.


Acronym, alright. Do this. What does F stand for In IN F stands for fundamentally sound bad Acronym. That's two words. That's two words. Bad acronym already. What does F stand for? You know what? Hey, you know what, how about just, great. How about fundamentals? Let's go there. That's great. Fundamentals. Great. That's way better. Way better. Okay, good. What about the S Situational Masters? Yeah. Don't worry bad. Again, Two words. Bad acronym. One Word. Well hey, You know what? I appreciate you picking it apart. I'm gonna go back to work after we get out this fall. Make sure it's these one word. Yeah. But we do have to figure out a way to have an S or something, you know? Yeah, Maybe.


Maybe speed. You could do speed. It could be football. Attacking speed, toughness. That's fast. Yeah. But, but, but we gotta handle the situations. You can't, you can't just ignore that. Maybe. Maybe it's understood that masters is understood. Yeah. Just situational. Can you ever achieve situational mastery though? Like mastery is a big word. You want, you want to, it's a good question. You want to strive for it, but I don't think you can ever achieve it. I think it's like perfection. Right? You know, if you come up short, you're still in that excellence category. That's the way I look at it. What do you think? Yeah. That's not, not a bad way to look at it. But to be fair, you also stole the standard as the standard from Mike Tomlin. Mm.


I'm not afraid to admit it. You know, if Liam gave the appropriate Listen, Mike T I'm, Hey all, let me just tell you this Coaches all the good coaches, they're great thieves. There's nothing that I've said that is original. But if Liam gave the proper reference to, all right. You know, this is maybe what stimulated it. I'm good. I don't think he did. But you act like it's your own now you're just lying. Yeah. I don't think he did. And look, you have a acronym of punk you. He did not. Nah, he did. No, I don't think he did. I think it's, I think it's Liam Cone's acronym. Yeah. As far as Concerned. Again, you should give it to him. It's a bad acronym. Gotta fact check this. It's a bad acronym. Give it to him. You have heart right above you that looks to, it looks perfect. Humility, energy. What is that? Accountability.


Accountability. Relationships. Toughness. That's it. That's a better Acronym. That's a better acronym. What? I can be coachable. The two word thing, it resonates. I'm not, I got no argument with you guys. I'm gonna figure, hey, I know this, the next time you have me on the backdrop is gonna have acronyms with one word associated to each letter. I promise you that. I Love that. How do you go about deciding like what the theme for the team is gonna be next year? Is there like a, a retreat that you go on with your coaches and you're like, let's think of some new weird shit that we can just put all over the walls Perhaps. You know, but I would say this, we try to keep consistent messaging. You know, it's all similar types of stuff, but a lot of it is reflective of what have we experienced. And then so much of it is a reflection of, all right, what authentically resonates.


Like when I talk to our group, I'm talking to myself first. Like I think that connection, but it's like if you're asking people to do something or if you wanna hold up a certain standard and you're not doing it, then you're a fraud. Yeah. So I think the players feel when you're authentically talking about things that resonate and allow you to be at your best. 'cause all we're really trying to do is, Hey man, let's maximize ourselves. The people we're around, the situations we're a part of. Let's, let's be real people, but let's act, interact and respond the way that we want the air. All right is a, is is a culture act, interact, respond. That's a good acronym for You. Ooh, that is good. That is good. Interact, respond, respond. I like that. That's very Good. That hey, culture is your air.


Yeah. Hey, what? Everybody throws out that buzzword culture. Shout out the chaka Smart. I heard him say that I'm not gonna steal stuff and act like it's my own. I heard him say, our culture is how we act, interact and respond. And I thought, Ooh, that's our, he. I like that. So shout out to Shaka for that. That's good. That's good. I, I'm Sure that you've gotten some calls from me. I don't know if it's other owners, other GMs that have used you as a sounding board if they're thinking about hiring somebody, whether it be as a coordinator, as a head coach. Sure. You don't have to name any names. Has there ever been a time when you'd be like, don't hire that guy? No. No, because I, I think first of all, because I'm a big believer that you're only calling if we've worked with each other.


Right. And so if the guys that, the guys that have been here, I can authentically vouch for, because we've worked together, we've seen what it looks like when shit's hard. And then that would be an admittance of failure on my part if we onboarded somebody that wasn't about that stuff. Yeah. And so all those guys that have gotten calls on, the best part is, is that you can talk from a, a genuine place. And it's been awesome to see guys go do their thing. Like I thought what Liam did in Tampa was an incredible job as an oc. And you know, I'm happy for both Liam and James Gladstone. You know, that's a big loss for us too. 'cause he was like, les's right hand man. He'll do a good job, man. He's super smart. You guys should, you should get him on on the pod some time.


We, we met Him. We, we met him And we, we did unfortunately didn't realize that he was the GM of the Jags when we met him because he, he is young and we're just like, oh, he's young. Yeah. We were like, who's this guy? He's young. Yeah, but He's, but you know what he's got, he's wise beyond his years. It's like, it's like I was when I was, you know, first hired, you're like, I I I, I've told you guys the story of when I was doing my second interview where basically unless you shit yourself, you're getting a job. We go over to Spago the time, have I told you guys the story? No, I don't think so. No. So, so basically I get a second interview and it's like you're coming in and it's a formality of Mr. Kronke meets you. You feel good about this meeting and then, you know, off to the races. Here we go. Rams head coach.


But this dinner is at Spago, which is right across the street from the montage where they put me up. So it's Mr. Kronke, it's Kevin Dem off our team president who now oversees KSE, which is all Kranky Sports Entertainment. And it's Marshall Faulk. 'cause they wanted to invite a guy that had had a bunch of wisdom that would say like, can you really actually hire a 30-year-old head coach? So it's us four at the table and spot. Wolfgang Puck comes up to the table. He is a fan of the Rams, he's a fan of Mr. Kronke. He says, Hey, when are we gonna hire the new coach? You know, where's the new coach? Because surely he's thinking this intern sitting at the table. Oh yeah, no way. This guy is the leading candidate.


And I mean, everybody at that table felt very uncomfortable About How do we really, how do I navigate this question? But, Oh, that's great. Hey. Got the job though. Yeah, you did, you did. Real quick. I, I got a couple last questions. The Bears trading for Jonah Jackson. Just say something awesome about him. He, he tough physical. You know what he, we didn't miss on him. Big Cat. What we did was we missed on projecting some people to play the center spot. He had some unfortunate injuries where he never had a chance to really get the foundation. This guy's a stud, stud, human stud, physically, mentally tough dude. I, I'm a big fan of him. He'll do really well for him. There's a reason why Ben wanted him back.


You could see the investment in the interior lines trying to make it Yeah. Detroit in Chicago. Yeah. And, and speaking of Ben Johnson is part of you pissed that? Everyone's like, man, he's an offensive whiz kid. He's a genius and he's not a McVeigh guy, are you? Like, how's this possible? Oh, absolutely jealous. You know, I, I, I mean incredibly, but I will say this, the guy's done a damn good job. I couldn't believe though. He took a good shot at my boiler slur. Yeah, he, he did. I'll be interested to see what that dynamic looks like at the league meetings. Man, you know, he did. I was like, oh, shots fired, man. Here we go. Oh, you gotta try to get them together in the picture. You gotta put them together in the picture. That's, that's a good idea. We'll, we will arrange that, but Seems like a good dude. I don't know him.


You guys have talked to him. You like him? Yeah, I think he's, he's a very, very smart guy and he, he's got like a, a software coding background where he, he was telling us that he was like working with, with data sets and like actually writing code when he first started coaching to like optimize the workflow. Have you ever, was that something that you ever did? Did you, did you get technical With it? No, he's way smarter than me. I mean, the guy has done a damn good job. I'm impressed watching him from afar. This guy's way smarter than my dumb ass. He also squats 4 0 5, no big deal. How much do you squat? Four 10 then. Oh, Damn. I led you into that. I like, I five pounds over whatever He's doing. I, I like his move. I'll take him in the, Hey, he's way smarter than me, but I'll, I'll take him down in The weight room.


Yeah. I Like getting hired and, and then just immediately taking a shot at somebody. Yeah. It's like your first day in prison. Yeah. Why Not let People know? Did you guys ask him about that? Yeah. Yeah, we did. He said he doesn't know him. What did he say? He's like, I don't know him. I just, you know, wanna beat the packers. So I liked it. I think it was Also outta respect. He was like, he's a great coach. Yeah. So I, I want to, I wanna coach against great coaches. Yeah. I so see. But that, that adds a caveat. That changes the whole narrative then. Yeah. So it's, then, then that's more of a, hey, respectful jab. I don't know. We gotta, you gotta get LaFleur on here and see if he took it that way. We Will. We will. Alright, I got one last question. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase.


QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take. This has been so much fun. We always love having you on. So I assume va you, there's a little gap in the schedule for vacation. How do you plan where you're going on vacation? Are you like, alright, where's Joey Bosa going? Where's Devonte Adams going? Is that how you do your vacation where you tell your wife, you're like, wait, we gotta see where our next free agent is gonna be going and then we'll bump into 'em A Absolutely. That is exactly what we do. We say how do we figure out to time it up to go to a cool spot? We might conveniently run into a position of need for us where a great player might be available. Yeah. It's, there's no doubt about it.


That's Smart. That's smart. My last question, can you just remind our listeners, because we've talked about the standard being the standard And we brought it up earlier. It was originally a Mike Tomlin thing. He probably stole it from somebody else though. 'cause that's how, you know, that's how coaches work. They hear something. I Know. I can see Mike team making it. Mike Tee's pretty, that that might be a Mike Tism. Yeah. Can you explain what the standard is? The standard means? 'cause we know what it means. Like Big Cat, what's the standard? It's the standard. It's the standard. But can you explain to those of us who, who might not fully understand it, what does that mean? It's the standard. Got it. It's a great answer. Great answer. You understand it? Oh, That I do. Yeah. Alright coach, thank you so much. Really appreciate your time. Always great having you on and best of luck in free agency in the draft.


No, hey, I appreciate it. Always enjoy doing it with you guys. Good Luck coach. And also the beard looks Great. Beard looks awesome. Hey, it does look good. Thank you so much. Hey, thank you for leading me to PRP. Yes. Yes, we did that Sean McVay was brought to you by proper 12. You've heard of the Irish exit. You slide out of the bar or the party. You don't say goodbye to anyone. You slip away quietly. It can be very satisfying. But this St. Patrick's Day proper 12 is celebrating a new trend. The Irish entrance. The Irish entrance is what happens when you show up and you bring the energy with great vibes and a bottle of proper number 12 Irish whiskey. The party starts with the Irish entrance and it simply wouldn't be a proper Irish entrance without proper 12.


The original rich and smooth, proper number 12 Irish whiskey is a delicious blend of golden grain and single malt triple distilled aged four years in bourbon barrels because anything else just wouldn't be proper. It's great. Straight on the rocks are in your favorite whiskey cocktail. Make your Irish entrance this St. Patrick's Day with proper number 12 Irish whiskey. Sean McVay is also brought to you by pardon my cheese steak cheese steak season. I had a cheese steak two days ago. Delicious, tender, melty part of my cheese steak for your game day or late night Eats is the best play call that you can make. Pick your favorite cheese steak made with thin sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions on a toasted hoagie roll.


Or you can get the popular Big Cat combo and your choice of fries, a cheese steak and a drink this basketball season, this March madness. You gotta plan your meals out because you can get, you can get lost, you can get lost on Thursday. You can get lost on Friday. You open your eyes, it's 4:00 PM You look up from the games and you're hungry. You haven't thought about what to have for lunch. Order your part. Pardon My cheese steak@pardonmycheesesteak.com. Use code PC 20 and you get 20% off your order. So we're giving you 20% off. You have to go to pardon my cheese steak.com and you order with promo code PC two zero. Alright, let's wrap up. Fire Fest of the week, Henry. Not much.


Not a big fire Festivity week for me. Really? It kind of just happened moments ago in the studio. I successfully was able to catch up to severance without it getting spoiled. Yes. You guys were respectful this time, which I appreciate And we actually were credit to us. Yeah, we were. And it's mostly because me and Big Cat are, are so invested in it that we, we feel you're, we have have sympathy for what you're going through because if anyone were to spoil it for us, we would be furious. Also, It's a little different because this is a show that's actively going on and the thing that you claim we spoiled for you was a show that happened 20 years ago. Yeah. It was more than this. I told you I was enjoying the show with you guys.


Yeah. A little different. That's, that's the past little different past is the past. This was different and, and we were expect Spoilers in real time television. Yeah. As you should. But the, the i I took me a while as a slow burn, you know, watch an episode tonight. Didn't really know what was going on until like halfway through the first season. Then I got fully addicted, burned through season two. I'm Marty rewatching it and then we were talking about it theories and stuff before And you, you dropped the bomb on me that there was three years in between seasons. Yeah. So the, this was, there's One episode left in the season, right? Yeah, I think so. That's, that's, no, I think there's three Episodes left. Oh, thank God. I was gonna say that's a fire fest if I've been so like, addicted to this and it's, I'm gonna have to wait three years now. It's, it's a tricky game to play. So p ft has been watching it for a couple years.


I I started, I watched season one of Severance like three months ago I think. And then I started it, I watched it a year ago. So Just a year. Okay. Yeah. And then I looked up and I was like, when is the next season? It's like, oh, it's happening in two months. And then someone told me that the, that people who watched the show from season one had to wait two to three years for season two. That's so brutal. I don't know. I watched it week by week from season one. You did? Like from the first. So you from the first episode. I watched it week by week. Did you rewatch? No, I don't like you in this seat by the way. Me meme's got his wisdom teeth out, so I'm here. Okay. But yeah, so I, this is my big, i I like binging shows. I like just diving right into 'em.


I don't know how people can watch a show like I gave up on House of Dragon. Yeah. Because I watched the first season and then it was four years and I was like, I don't remember fucking shit. I'm out. Yeah. Severance is the rare show. That is the first like four episodes are so complicated and convoluted. It's Very like Game Of Thrones that you don't know what the fuck is going on. But you can identify This is a pretty good show. Yeah. I just don't understand anything. I Think the wires like that too. Well it's like when there's so many storylines. Yeah. When you're watching the beginning of it, you're like, how does this connect? And then once it all connects it makes it like the greatest show of all time. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's an awesome show. But three, look at us talking tv. Yeah. Praise Keir. We do everything. I always Praise Cure. I might be rooting for Keir.


Got To, I want, I wanna see what that guy's got going on. Got. Yeah. I think they're bringing Keir back Cure's Good for the league. I Think Keir might be God ke listen, you, you need Keir. Keir gets ratings. You need a guy like Keir somebody that you can point at and say that's the bad Guy. But you might not like the Chiefs or the good guy, but the Chiefs are on Monday Night Football you're watching. Yeah. That's Keir. Yep. Alright, well congrats Hank. Way to go. Way to get up to the speed. Anything else? Thanks for the congrats. Yeah, congrats. You watch a TV show? Yeah, no, it is. I'm proud of you. Congrats. Thank you. This is my zone. This is my time of the year. This is like my only time of the year where I can catch up on TV shows. So I've been all in. What do you bat? White Lotus? So I, I'm pretty good about severance in terms of knowing that it's on Apple TV and knowing what streaming service to go to.


But most other shows I'd say I'm batting like 10% in finding the correct app. The first time when I'm looking for a show, I just Google it. Yeah, Google Exists. Google. Yeah. That this is, this is A horrible No, but, but back sometimes you don't, sometimes you, you feel like you can trust yourself and I'm like, I'm pretty sure that one's on Hulu. No, I And then you, you go there and you're like, fuck, it's not there. I just go Google because they like, for kids shows especially they're, they'll be like Despicable mes on one thing and Despicable Me twos on another. I I just, so I always just have to have to look it up. I, I like trying to do it the first time just to see if I'm like, it's a heat shack. I'm like, I think I got this. Yeah. And I never got that. Yeah.


Also, since we're talking TV I just, you know, hat Tip Bill Simmons just making an entire documentary about the Celtics. Did you watch it? I'm watching it. It's just very, to have that type of power to be like, you know what I wanna do? Yeah. Let's talk about this. Let's make a full documentary about the Celtics. Like America will love this. Yeah. I love it. I'm sure. Sure you do. It must be awesome for you. I'm watching, I'm like, this is, that's power. Yeah. That is power. It is. Yeah. That's big time power. As a Boston sports fan, he's done big time power. He's done, he's produced more porn than anybody else. Yeah. If it was a document of any other team, I'd be like, I'm I only Celtics fans are watching that. Right, right, Right. What, what obscure or more obscure than the Celtics, but what, what other Boston sports story would you like to see Bill Simmons make a documentary about?


Ooh, I don't know. He's, he's made a lot of, I he might've done all of them. I mean, a good Patriots one from him would be, would be good. Oh, like a, a counterbalance to the most recent one. Yeah. What was it called? I even forget what the, the Dynasty. Dynasty, yeah. Ty. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Apple tv. Well that one was made by Robert Kraft. Yeah. Yeah. Did you guys see that Netflix also is doing a, a sh a like genie bus show? Oh no. Kate Hudson is is is the owner of the Los Angeles Waves. Which Is, is it gonna be salacious? Wait, sounds like, so they're just doing the show. The Showtime show that they canceled.


I I think it's very h loosely. It's very loosely based off of, it's basically just a, a woman's father dies and then she takes over the team. Got it. It's like a sitcom almost. Ah, Got it. Okay. Is there too much? Yes, Chet Hanks is, Oh, I mean He's like a, like a very main character in the show. I mean, a hundred percent Too much tv. I feel like there, there is. Well you Che Hank is your, does Your Honor have another episode or season? I don't know. That's one that should have been just one Season. I just forget about all of these things and, and then like, oh yeah, this is coming back. And I, I don't remember anything that happened. Chet Hayes should make his own streaming app. Chet Hayes.


It's just any, any show he's in, in, He also is the biggest asshole douche bag ever in the show. No way. Oh, shut up. Shut the fuck up Max. I Know, I know. They should make a, I think they already did do a Bob Marley biopic, but they should do another one where Che Hanks plays Bob Marley. Yeah. That would be so sick. Alright. Alright. What's your fire fest? My fire fest of the week is, I spent yesterday, yesterday morning building a flight simulator in one of our studios here. And it's pretty much good to go. And I just know that I'm basically never gonna go home now. Yeah. Because I've got everything that I need within these walls. The, this, this kind of segues in my fire fest.


'cause we were the, the bar stool after dark, we were doing it on Tuesday night. We, we can talk about it a second, but I was asking Tate like, what's next? And I think you're doing something next week with the flight simulator. And I was like, this is fucking bullshit that he's just, he's doing his favorite thing. Well It's one of those things where I know there's other wrinkles. It sounds like an awesome stream. It's my, but I was like, shit. Well, you could just do your favorite thing. Well, You love to Eat. Not the way we ate. No, but You're not gonna love the way I flight soon. Not the way we ate. I was saying it would be like if I said there Wasn't much difference between that and like a Sunday when it's Like, oh no, shut up. Hey, he would never fucking do it. No, I was saying a comparable one is if I was just like, I'm, I'm doing a stream and I, I can't leave until I, I win this many bets.


I'm I'm gonna, I'm like, that's what I'm gonna do on a Tuesday night anyway. I'm gonna flight sim till I puke. Yeah. It's gonna be an overdose of flight sim. No. Smart. I'm, it's a hack tip. It's not like this bull. It's like a That was smart of you. Yeah, It so it's a, it's a, a relatively in intricate flight sim that I built with the help of Sam and Spider and it's, it's a Boeing flight sim and I'm thinking Yeah, exactly. I was thinking that maybe Boeing might be interested in sponsoring or flight simulator because they've had a lot of bad pr. It would be one way for us to actually, everyone's just gonna crash in the simul Simulator. How hard will it, I I want to get on the simulator. How hard will it be to like learn it? Not that hard. I love it. I don't think, my only rule, I've got one rule for the flight sim.


'cause you've got a map of the entire United States. You can fly planes anywhere you want. It's very realistic. No nine elevens. Okay. If you do it, it nine 11, you're, you're suspended. I love that you're kicked out. I think that's fair. Not even once. I feel like That's fair. Not even one tower. No, There's only one tower left. Well, hmm. There's there they they built the new tower. It's just one tower. I would assume they don't have. I know if it was, you have to I don't think they have Retro. I don't think so. No. But they should have a mission where you can go back and be Mark Wahlberg. Yeah. And stop. You can stop nine 11 happening. That would be sick. That would Be sick if you'd want to do that. But no, I'm, I'm pretty pumped up about it. We got a stream coming on Tuesday that I'm excited about. But yeah, now that, now that that thing's built, it's like I just, I'm gonna go home to sleep.


Yeah. And that's about it. Everything I need is in these walls. You should get severed. I might get severed But severed to just go home. The Other thing is, Yeah, you're just, you here. I'm, I'm not, I'm not very good at the flight simulator. Who cares? I, that's impossible. I just like doing it. Who cares? Who cares? Think it's not possible. Yeah. 10,000 hours. I don't know if I got 10,000 hours doing that. What if you include the phone? Yeah. Because I wanted The phone. That's only on Thursdays, Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays. I've never been good at any of the video games I play. They're still Fun. They're still fun. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. But yeah, my, my fire fest is Max and I on Tuesday night for anyone who tuned in Barsol after dark. We did the Doug Doug challenge. I still don't really feel good physically.


We went to What were your stats? So we went to 15. So, so pe so your personal stats. Yeah. So people don't know the Doug Dug challenge. You have To, why's you spell Doug Dug? I think that's the guy who created it. I can pull up his stats. Yeah. So he went to the, the challenge is you gotta get in the car, you team of four. So it was me, max, cick, and Tate. And you have to go to a drive through and you have to say, I'll have exactly what the last person through the drive through ordered. And you have to go to as many restaurants as you can. The, the record is 15. So it's, it's, it's, it is a perfect challenge in the fact that you're just gambling every time you go through the drive through. And if they have, like, the first place we went to was Taco Bell and the person in front of us had one medium cheesy potatoes.


And that was like cheesy hitting the jackpot. But yeah, it was, it ended with Max and I and everyone puking in the parking lot in Glen El and at like 1230 at night. And I was like, why am I doing this? Why am I here? I was just puking up milkshake. But yeah, this, I, I have, I think I have what Max do you have what you eat? I have, I have both of ours up. Alright, so read it. Yeah. Which one would you like me to read first? Not Big Cat. You can read mine. That's fine. I started, so we did it strategy wise. It was like you eat until you're full and then you pass it off. So I started the challenge. Go ahead. Big Cat Ate Taco Bell. Cheesy potatoes, Panera, Mac and cheese.


Strawberry banana smoothie and a baguette. Steak and shake. Single burger. A steak and shake. Double burger side of fries. I'll Be A a McDonald's caramel frappe. A large Chick-fil-A cookies and cream milkshake. A large sonic chocolate shake. Three quarters of a Wendy's chocolate frosty, a quarter of a Dunking mango, whatever the fuck that was. That one hurt my chest. And one attempt at raising gains lemonade. Yeah. I didn't even get it. Where, where We get the lemonade. So where was the original Dug dug? Where's he from? I don't know because I feel like doing it in Chicago is expert level. Yeah. I mean well we were, we were thinking about going to Portillo's we're like, Portillo's could fuck us. Like you could just get absolutely like crushed because like by someone getting like a couple beefs, you Could do the dug, dug challenge pretty easily, I would think in like Seattle or Los Angeles.


There are Rules though. You have, you Go to the Midwest and they, they like their food. Yeah. There, there are rules. Like you can only go one drink place. You can only go two dessert places. You have to go to A KFC. You can only repeat one place twice. But I, what happened to me is I got full, but I, no matter how full I am, I can always eat ice cream. So I just became, they were calling me the guzzler in the chat. Yeah, it's like that, that, that video with like rocks when they're like this, this glass seems full, but then you pour the sand in and it fills up the cracks. Like that's you with food and Milkshakes. Yeah, with milkshakes. You just always pouring Milks. I was full of food. I was full of food after like the fourth restaurant. Fill the cracks. But the milkshakes, like every time we'd get a milkshake, people like, oh, who's gonna do it? It's like, I got it, don't worry.


And Max, what did you eat? Max. Max. The KFC when matches the K ffc, he was like, there's so much chicken. The KFC bucket was tough. I had to lead the KFC bucket, which was probably the most difficult meal of the night. But I'll just go with my full list. A Starbucks lemonade, a third of a, of a McDonald's fra a half pound Arby's beef. A five piece bucket from KFC. Wasn't that like two like Drum drumsticks Drum, three drumsticks and two thighs. A spicy chicken deluxe sandwich with fries from a spicy chicken deluxe sandwich with fries from Chick-fil-A, a half of a chocolate frosty, a Dunking chocolate Long John donut.


And one and a half White Castle double doubles And max the end. So the end of the night, I, I we're, we finished 1516 is the record. We go to raisin canes. We love raisin canes. And as the guzzler we like split up. We're like, all right, we're gonna try this. We were in, we were in terrible shape. And I was like, all right, I'm gonna try to drink this lemonade. I'll let you know as soon as I take a sip, I'll let you know if I can do this or not. I didn't even take a sip. Just the action of the straw hitting my lips. It was over. So I puked cick p puked, Tate puked. Max didn't puke because there was a cop watching us And we thought the cop was gonna pull us over and be like, you guys just puked. Like he thinks you're drunk seven gallons in a, in a parking lot.


You're under arrest. Which is stupid in hindsight. Like the what are you gonna do? So we, we all puked, we get back in the car to go home because once you puke, you're out. And we're just sitting there. We're like, we could go to a McDonald's right now. Like, we feel good. And Max was getting so mad that he hadn't puked that we had to pull over on the highway at one in the morning for him to puke let him, because he was like, this is bullshit. You guys puked. And I didn't, it Is funny though, if a cop sees like five dudes puking in a parking lot, they would come up, they'd be like, okay. Suspicion of DUI. Yeah. And then they give you a sobriety test and you would probably fail just from being too full. Yeah. Well the, the, the, my plan was if the cop came up to us, I've been like, dude, open up the van.


There was 15 fast food bags sitting in the van. 'cause we were saving them all. And it was just, yeah, I'm too old for this shit. But it was fun. It was one of those challenges that afterwards Max, I don't know if you had the same feeling 'cause it was hell during it, but afterwards I was like, part of me was like, maybe I just get rid of my family. Like leave my family and just go in a van with the boys and just eat all the time. Like that could be my new life. It was a fun stream. Yeah. It it Like, you know, too, we're gonna have to do it again. Yeah. At least a Year. Yeah. At least a year. At least a year. But we're gonna have to do it again. And you could get screwed. Like if we had gone to Taco Bell and it was a like a party pack of, of tacos. We would've been out after the first one.


Yeah. The K ffc one seems like it was tough. White Castle. What a twist on White Castle. You think that they're gonna get the tiny little burgers? They Get the double Doubles. KK shitload of stuff too. He was just house and things. The White Castle. I Have Cex list here Too. Alright, go ahead. Yeah. Yeah. Cick had a Popeye's fish sandwich, five tenders biscuit red be red beans and rice. An Arby's chicken sandwich, large crinkle fry, three pieces of the KFC bucket, a McDonald's third of a caramel frat, diet Coke, Chick-fil-A fry, and three quarters of a mango refresher. It was, it was something. It was, yeah, it was, it was fun.


But it was also torture because you're just stuck in a van just eating everything and yeah. We'll, we'll have to do it again Max. We'll have to do it again. The dug dug challenge. Yeah. Yeah. I told, I promised my mom I would never do it again. But I'm, I'm, I feel You that with your mom weekly. Oh yeah. Also it's just like a C's. Oh, she, I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. Also, The craziest move of the whole night was we were sitting in the, in the, in the van and like I said, we were going shifts. So I started eating and then I think Cick went second. So Max had not had a bite of food. He was hungry and he just started ripping farts in the back of the van. Had not had a of, of piece of food. Were you allowed to indulge in some extracurricular activities to make you more hungry?


Nope. I was. Or you could've I guess, but yeah, we didn't. I was smoking cigarettes That rocks. I said I would've Immediately If I smoked a cigarette. I just needed something to like digest. I was just like, I, I was so uncomfortable. Like my body was so uncomfortable. I felt like I had ice cream coming outta my nose. My nose started to run from being full. You got a nosebleed? Yeah. I literally From eating too much food, I Was, I was blowing my nose. I was just like, this is crazy. I can't, I can't keep all the liquid inside. I had to Take a shit at a gas station at one point. No toilet paper. Had to use Paper towels. Yeah. It was a fun time. Tune into Barcel after dark. It is a very fun series. Next on Tuesday, p fts gonna be on the flight simulator. And I've heard some of the details. It's very fun.


I believe Hank's gonna be involved. Yeah. I think we got 10 people. One very special guest. Yes. That is coming in. Yes. To participate in the flight simulator. One of the most famous people in the field of aviation, I'd say in the last 20 years. Sully ha you Sick. Fuck Sully. If you wanna join the stream, let me know. Yeah. I'm gonna crash so many times. Yeah. So also we, we should say quickly, our friend Andy Isaac passed away today. Great dude. Great internet guy. Diehard Detroit, Michigan State fan. One of those ones where it's like, hey, I, I I treated, I think you treated something similar. PFD. Like, just try to be nice to someone today as, be as nice to someone today as Andy was to everyone online, which is hard to do because the hell site that is Twitter.


But Andy was that every single day he Was just the most positive person on the internet. Right. And he did it all after battling cancer for I think, what, 15 years. It was a long time. Which is crazy. And it it, it battled back against him and he did. He was not as healthy as he wanted to be in the last couple years, but he was still like the nicest guy ever. Yeah. Most positive guy ever. We had the chance to hang out with him a couple times and he is, he's gonna be missed. Yeah. And yeah. Fuck cancer. It sucks. Yeah. Fuck cancer. Very, very sad. Very rare to, to, to have someone in the sports media world just be the most genuinely nice guy. And he was that and To be successful. Yeah. Yeah. He was successful while also being nice online. Yeah. Alright.


Numbers, memes out. Three. I I hope it's three. So bad. Oh my god. This would be incredible. We all just want it to be three, right? Yeah. I'll go 33. What other numbers does he pick? P you're not on Nine, nine. Poke. Let me look up. Pardon my balls.com. 28. What does memes usually do? 21. I think he goes 33 when he can't get three. Let's see. Beams, Right? He loves doing 77. Is this other one? Oh no, No.


Well he, he's done 99 but we're not gonna do that. 77 Is this other big one According to these stats? Yes. Alright, so I'm I'm doing 77. Oh wait, wait, pause. No. Number eight is his second. He's done that. 11 times eight. Alright, are you taking eight? Eight? Alright, I'll take 77. Does anyone want to take 33? I'll take 33. All right. 8 83. Shit. You know. Let's do one more. Let's just do one more for, for the boys. For the boys. Everyone you know for the boys. Three for the boys. Yeah. You may As well. It's Friday. Well memes has never picked 83. Okay. I'll stick with 77.


I'll Stick with eight. Hank. 3 33 99 per Seven. 9, 9 36. Love you guys. You know what? For memes, because he is not here. Let's rip a couple more. Let's just do a couple more. Three. I'll take eight. Alright, I'll take 77. Nine. Nine. Poke 33. Is that what I was saying or? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's do, Yeah, do two more. Two or three. Three more. Let's do three more. 21 memes would want us to do Yeah.


A bunch of these. 19. 19. Yeah. Let's memes. Memes loves this lottery ball machine. So I think we owe it to him to do at least a couple more. And these all do count as official. Alright. Numbers. I'm gonna do 11 this time. I'll go with three. I'll go, I'll go 33. I'll go 7 21. No, I'll do eight. Nine, nine. Hold. Let's do 8 34. Ah. 14. 14. It also would be awesome if, if Jack got it as well.


Yeah. Like if we got a three or if Jack got it. Both would be great storylines for, for this. Shane, you've never gotten it. I've Got it. Oh you have? Yeah. I thought you did. Yeah. Yeah. We gotta do one more for me. Least one more for memes. If you know what, if one of us gets it. I feel like this is almost like also memes getting it. Yeah, almost. It doesn't won't count it Basically Memes Getting it. You know what I can I go three? Yeah, you can go three. Yeah. Yeah. I'll go three, I'll go 17. I'll do eight, I'll do 11. I'll go with 99, 33.


11. 11 max. Let's go. Max that count. Go Max. That absolutely counts. That counts. Congrats. Max to go max. That's The thing. That's the thing about that. And wait, you're, you're sitting in meme's chair. Oh no, in meme's chair. Oh, max. Oh man. You know, and I'll call him real quick and just let him know that his boy Max got it. Yeah. FaceTime. I'm so, so he believes it all to get this max also, also for the stat for pardon my balls when they update it all. Well, how many of those did we do? Six. Six or seven? Six. I think we did six. All six of those meme it should count against memes record for not getting it right. Correct. Because he didn't get it right. Yeah. For any of those.


All right. Let's see. I hope his face is swollen. Oh wait, I didn't FaceTime him. I'll FaceTime him. That's mean Max. That's really mean Max. And He got his wisdom teeth out. You're being mean to memes And obviously it has to be swollen. He, he would make a joke. Be like, your face is always swollen. That's true. That's good. Memes. Yeah. Hey memes. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Hold on, I'm gonna FaceTime you. Hey memes. Oh, you look good. Yeah. It's a little swollen on this side. Yeah. Good news is, well you are the good news or the bad news. Who got who got It? The, do you want the good news or the bad news?


Gimme the bad news. Alright. Bad news is three didn't come up yet. Oh, okay. Yeah. Which, that's your number. Good news is Max who's sitting in your seat. Got it. Oh, come on. Yeah, he did look 11. He's sitting in your seat. So your seat technically got it. But you did, you still haven't gotten it. That seat's gotten it twice. I've gotten it three times now. Three times? Yeah. When is the seat? Gotten it twice. I got that seat. Got it. For PFT. No, that doesn't count. That doesn't count. This is actually the first time your seat has ever picked the number and gotten the number. Wait, memes, Are you saying that you're on the hot seat?


Yeah, I guess. Yeah. But I, I thought you wanted to know that, that Max got it. So that's pretty cool. Yeah, I'm, I'm happy that every, all you guys keep getting it. Yeah. It only took us six times to get a number today, but he did get it. Oh, I'm happy. I'm happy for him. Sorry. Should we do one more with us? Yeah's, do one more? Yeah, one more. No, he can't. He can't participate. But you can Watch. No. Yeah, you can watch. Yeah, you can't participate 'cause you're not in the studio. All right numbers. I'll go three. I'll go 77. I'll go 33. I'll go 8 29 5.


29. 29. Ah, nice try. You know what? Let's do one more. Yeah, let's do one more. Let's do one more. One more. Let memes pick one. No, well no. You could pick what you would. You would pick. Okay. But it doesn't count. 33. Okay. That doesn't count though. Does someone else wanna pick 33? I'll pick 33. All right. Max has 33. Oh, come on. I have, I'll take three. I'll go eight. 99 foot 13. Right. Look at it's just lurking up there. It's hanging, it wants it. I've never seen that. Oh shit. It's like Willy Wonka. Yeah, now they, wait, we've got multiple lurking up there.


Is that 50? 25. 25. 25. Alright. All right. We love you memes. We miss you. All right, see ya. Love you guys.