
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube. Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music.


What if the golf ball you're playing isn't the number one ball for you? Meet the all new TP five and TP five X from TaylorMade. Whether you prefer the softest five layer tour ball in the TP five or the fastest, that's now a half a club longer. In TP five X, you'll be playing a golf ball that performs like it was built just for you. Available in white, yellow and picks. You can personalize it with my symbol no matter which you choose. Every TP five, TP five X is designed to help your game. Head to tailormade golf.com today to find the number one ball for you.


Say hi to can social tonics. Can Social tonics spikes their seltzer with weed. Each can is bundled with five simple, clean ingredients to deliver the perfect buzz. And a buzz that doesn't backfire can comes in three award-winning flavors. Blood, orange, cardamom, lemon, lavender, and grapefruit. Rosemary can comes in a variety of doses for every drinker, ranging from two milligrams to five milligrams of THC. Head to drink can.com. That's drink CAN n.com. And use code Barstool 20 for 20% off your order of can and a free roadie six pack sampler can is not for use or purchased by persons under the age of 21. Can products contain less than 0.3%? Delta nine THC that is derived from hemp? Do not claim to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and have not been evaluated or approved by the FDA


On today's Pardon. My Take. The finale of Grit Week. Although we have some other interviews from Grit Week coming next week. Some big ones. We have Coach Sean McVay on the show. Awesome time with Coach McVay. We've known Coach McVey now for seven years in our relationship. I feel like he's in a very good spot. He's very comfortable with us. Yeah, he told me to shut the fuck up at one point. Yeah, He was a good dude. He came in, started joking around right off the bat. Backslapping. Yeah. Cussing, talking shit. Good dude. Great time. Great time. So we're gonna do Fire Fest. End of Grit Week. Grit Week memories. We also have one of my favorite Mount Rushmores that we've done so far. 'cause it got contentious and very funny.


The Mount Rushmore of Yellow Things, which we taped on the bus. We are now back in Chicago for the beginning of the show. We wanted to make sure we talked about the USA big win over Serbia. So we got a great Friday sending into the weekend. We Did bring back some of the animosity from the Mount Rushmore debate. We just, after the game was over the USA Serbia debate. We're just in the game we gave and we're still screaming at each other. Yes. About the picks That we made. Yes. Which we'll release later today. So, great show for you.


It's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings know the beautiful things about being a sports fan. There's only like two days of the whole year without a game. Two with so much happening and so much action that makes just about every day game day at DraftKings Sportsbook. It's super easy for first time users to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the drafting sportsbook app. Select your team. Place your first bet. It really couldn't be any easier. Any simpler. We talked about our NFL futures. What was your guys unders? I took an under cults eight and a half Seahawks. Seven and a half. I took under Eagles. Mm. What was that, max? Well, yeah. And then you, I can't remember what Yeah. Yeah. You'll see he screwed up. He's like, it's gonna be bad in dc. Yeah. Yeah. I did a Bryce soccer. It's gonna bad in dc I I pulled a reverse, Bryce. Yeah. Yeah. What was your under? I did Vikings And you yelled At me. Oh, I thought that was a bad pick. If you're new to DraftKings, you gotta check this out. New customers get $5 bet $5. Get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportswear app now. Use code take That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just $5 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance, deposit and eligibility restrictions. Apply C terms and responsible gaming resources@dkg.co slash base.


Okay, let's go The series Violence. And there some And you can't blame I understood. Let them Pardon My Take presented by Barstool Sports.


Welcome to Pardon My Take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. Use code take, that's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just $5 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Friday, August 9th. U-S-A-U-S-A-U-S-A-U-S-A-U-S-A-U-S-A-U-S-A. Suck our Dick's Serbia. Sucker Dick's rest of the world. Yes. So the End of Grit Week. Grit Week was great. We have some, the ru the Rushmore and Fire Fest are still in the rv. We got back tonight 'cause 'cause we have rough and rowdy tomorrow. Go go to buy r r.com it's gonna be great.


But we got back and we watched one of my favorite basketball games like that was, its thrilling, thrilling basketball game. Serbia versus USA Serbia gave us everything. They had, YOIC played 38 out of 40 of the, of the minutes. They were hitting Wapping threes in the first half. But our guys, LeBron James, Steph Curry, Kevin Durant, Joelle Embiid and Devin Booker, the, the the five guys who basically played the entire fourth quarter they can ball. Yeah. And it's awesome. It's awesome to be able to root for those guys. Yeah. Like I now I get it. I get it. I haven't had a lot to root for as, as a Wizards fan in recent memory.


You as a Bulls fan, it kicks so much ass. Being able to root for LeBron James. Yeah. And being able to root for Steph Curry in that moment and being able to root for Joel. Em, I was rooting for Joel Embiid today. Joel Embiid. I'll say he's more of a rollercoaster. He was incredible. You in the fourth quarter? I'm not, there's no Joel em bead slander on this show today. But Max, I also had a little peek into why you are the way you are because Joel Embiid was on fire. He was, he was playing great setting screens, hitting shots. And then he had like two or three possessions where he looked like he didn't know how to walk. And then he went back to being great. And I was like, this is why Max is probably gonna have the shortest lifespan of any of us in this room.


He was just standing still at times. Yeah. And he would just like, forget to walk down court, but not slander. But then, but then he did, he would do something awesome. Like he got the ball out at the perimeter and he drove to the basket. Probably got fouled a little bit on his arm, threw down an awesome dunk. And then I've never seen a player do this before, but he somehow landed on his head after he let go of the rim. Yeah. I don't know. He, it looked like he got tased on the way down. It was crazy. And just, I, I saw some people saying that maybe he was trying to minimize the impact on his knees. So he's just not landing on his feet anymore. He is the opposite of a cat. He just lands On his head. I told you, I've told you guys that, well not, not the head, not landing on the head, but he, he chooses to fall because it's less, he falls. Well, less impact. It's less impact on your knees.


If, you If you fall to the ground. Yes. Well, he certainly did that. 'cause I think he landed on like his ear. but it was still cool. It was funny to watch, but I was rooting for Joel and b it, it was fun to root for your country. One Of the greatest Americans of all time. Awesome. American. Yes. American hero. He also Was on the court at the end, the last guy to leave the court just playing the, the the heel versus the French fans, which I love. So that's All the fr the French are gonna hate him on Saturday. Saturday's going to be electric. But yeah, that was, that was such a fun game. And, and it was, it was fun too because of Serbia and how well they played and also how much shit they talked Bogdanovich. Yeah. Doing the, he was, he was talking shit to Melo, who Melo should be the coach in next Olympics.


Melo literally called a play for Kevin Durant from the far sideline. He, he was like clear out, clear out. It was when Kevin Durant had the sauce. I think that's what Yep. I think that's what what's His name? Dwayne Wade. Noah Eagle. Noah Eagle used a kaboom as well. He Used a kaboom. He said he did the cross. The sauce. The sauce, yes. The Cross and the Sauce. Yes. So that's At communion where you do, you do the stations, you touch your shoulders, then you throw back the wine. Yeah, that was, but it was every guy that was the best part. It was like Devin Booker hit that big three off the inbound. Steph Curry was insane. 36 points. Couldn't miss Joel Bead. Had big moments. LeBron's two layups that were just so impossibly good.


Driving the lane. He had a triple double. Kevin Durant being like, get outta the way everyone. Yeah. Melo just called my number. I'm gonna score this. It was just fun. I don't, I like, that was, that was a top basketball game I watched. It was fun. And, and when they were kicking the ball around the perimeter, it would be like, okay, LeBron LeBron's got this and then he'd pass it to KD who looked kind of open. And I'm like, fuck yeah. I get to watch KD make a basket for the United States. Then KD would pass it again and it's Steph Curry that's got the ball. Yeah. I'm like, oh shit. These are all awesome players to watch. Why have they not all been on the court at the same time for the entire game? Yeah. Well, And, and so Steve Kerr, I'm actually gonna give Steve Kerr credit because he threw changing up the lineup so much and then when the, when we cut it to like six points in the third quarter and he is like, let me just throw in the bad lineup again.


And then they went the, the lead balloon back to 13 Steve Kerr sense of the dramatic, he gave us that, that finish. If, if he had just kept with his best players the whole second half, we probably would've won by double digits. Yeah. Maybe. I don't know. He, I thought going into this tournament, it seemed like he wanted to get some of the close games out of the way. And that's maybe why he was tinkering with the lineup. But I don't know why he just continues to do it. Well I think, I think our guys are old, which that was also the cool part. Like Kevin Durant, Joel Embiid, LeBron Steph, I don't know how many MVPs they have between the four of 'em a lot. But they're all older and so they probably need their rest. But there was, there was that one moment, it was the end of the third quarter where we cut it close and then it went back to 13 and I think Bam was shooting a, a corner three.


And it was just like, what the fuck? Don't Need that. What are we doing guys? What are we doing? But Credit Steve Curve for making it an interesting game and one of a highlight Olympic basketball game because that was more fun than the US just killing everyone. And Serbia was awesome. Yoic was awesome. All their guys hit threes in the first half and I just, it it felt like we all could come together and we all had a part in this game. Yeah. Hank Like when you Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm an American first and foremost before Anything else. So I, I was happy for our country. Yeah. I think Steve Kerr is a fucking idiot. So why I Thought you were Californian first. I'm an American first. California's part of America. Didn't know If, you knew that.


Well They don't Want to be even His own player dream on Green was chirping him on Twitter saying, you know, you gotta mess with the lineups. They're clearly not working in the first half. You have Jason Tatum, one of the best players in the NBA didn't play at all. He didn't play, didn't play. Ah, DNPI Actually do think Tatum should have played. And that made no sense. There was the first half when we were going under these screens and not switching and it was like, dude, Tatum can rebounds just Put Tatum out there. He can switch on everything. Yeah. Crash the board score. It was weird. But at the end of the day, I'm, I'm, I'm, it was fun to root as an American for, you know, for the boys. It was, it is. It would've been in all time choke if they didn't even medal. Yeah. Yeah, it would. Yeah. I mean it would've been really bad. And this is what I love about the Olympics.


This is what I love about the World Cup. This is what I love about just all international competitions. You get to just be like, fuck the world. We're America. Suck my dick. We're the bullies. We're gonna beat the shit outta you. Yeah. And you get to root for your country and you get to feel good about it After the game. Kevin Durant, they asked him what it's like representing America and he said there's a lot of bullshit that happens in our country, but there's a lot of good stuff to, I love That quote Slim Reaper. Yep. That's, he said it. Yeah. That should be, that should be a presidential slogan. Yeah. There's a lot of bullshit, but there's a lot of good stuff too. So that's a, a very positive way to handle it. Hank It's also like Jason, Jason, Jason Tatum, Jalen Brown. They're gonna have all the motivation. The world. Yeah. You actually like that is a, a good thing for the, you know, I'm, I'm rooting for America, but after this is over the Celtics, like they're gonna be set up for a repeat.


You're, you're in the spot now where you would actually prefer Jason Tatum not to play in the gold medal game because you want full on revenge. Jason Tatum to be like, you played a bunch of old guys and it's my league kind of thing. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I I do wanna give us some credit too Yeah. As Americans for, for this victory because we did something that, we sacrificed for this too. We actually rooted for LeBron James today. Yeah. Like with our whole hearts. I was, I was so happy watching LeBron when he was driving to the hole. He was incredible. He was awesome. Triple Double. There was, there was no snark in the back of my head watching him. I wasn't thinking about how maybe he looks a little bit older in France. I that maybe, I don't know how time zones work. He's like five and a half hours older than normal.


Yeah, I was, I did maybe say that his legacy was on the line at halftime. But you were motivating Him. Yeah. Right. I was, it was tough Love pushing him. And we also found out that the key for Embi to play against Yoic is he just needs LeBron to cover Yoic. Yes. He needs, he needs LeBron to put a big body on him. He was doing everything. LeBron. Yeah. LeBron. What about Yoic guarding Embi? What about it? What about It? Eight of 11 And Joe gets was guardian bead. Yeah, no worries. We Said we just played 38 minutes. We Just said that that would literally played an awesome game. Yeah. We're not listen, we're being positive. We be positive. Yeah. And Bead was great today. Everybody on the team contributed today. Almost everybody on the team contributed today. Yes. And Drew Holiday, Devin Booker, Devin, Derek White and Bam all played a total of 61 minutes.


Nine points, three rebounds. Oof. That was the, that was the death lineup. The reverse death lineup. Yeah. But everyone contributed it. Everybody, everybody in this room, everybody in that room, We all came together. Listen, rooting for you have to make sacrifices for your country sometimes. And I, I can't think of a bigger sacrifice that we would make than openly rooting and admiring LeBron James Do. I'd Agree with you. So, and I don't regret it. And I'll do it again against France. Credit To us for being the bigger men here. So yeah, it was, it was an awesome game. It was a lot of fun to watch. Olympics are great. We also had, so Noah Lyles won the 100. We talked about that on Monday. I wanna say, or maybe it was Wednesday. I don't know what time it is. I think it was Monday.


You won by 0.005 seconds. Yeah. Yes. But he lost in the 200 and then he did the savviest thing ever. He got into a wheelchair. 'cause he had Covid. Yeah, he got old Covid wheelchair. Well he is got asthma too. Yeah. So the old Covid asthma double threat now. Incredible. The 100 meter race was awesome. I did see a clip of him before the race today. He was just like using all his energy. Whooping up the crowd. Yeah. Going crazy with Covid. That's, That's No longer but again wheelchair. That kind of negates it all. It does negate at all. There was also an awesome, awesome moment where a French lady won a race. I think it was the 1500. And then she ran over to the stands and then she proposed to her boyfriend.


Mm. In the stands. Very, she brought him down to the front row. Yes. Got on a knee and proposed to him. Didn't that, that happened in the Boise State game right at the end of that bowl game. And people got mad at the football player because they were like, why are you, why are you making the proposal? Like, you know, at your biggest moment. Yeah. I think you're allowed to do that. Yeah. You're allowed to. I think it's there. There was Love. Love is love. There was another time earlier in the Olympics where I believe it was a Chinese ping pong player came off and her boyfriend proposed to her after she won the gold. That's fucked up. That is fucked up. That You can't, You can't steal her moments. He Basically was just stole the whole moment. So everyone's like, oh you got engaged. Oh yeah. And also I guess you won a gold medal. Yeah. If you're that guy, you have to, was he pressured into saying yes in that moment because you can't run away.


Oh yeah. You have to say yes. She'll catch you. Yeah. She's fast as fuck. Yeah. I also watched a steeplechase today. That was awesome. Some, oh wait, is it called steeplechase? Yeah. Some dude ate shit. Yeah, He ate shit. And then that one, maybe it was a steeplechase. Might've been another race. There was actually a finished the second place. Guy finished 0.003 seconds ahead of the third place guy. Yep. I don't know how they do this technology. I don't know either. So what do we have left? Do we have we got more track and field Marathon. Marathon. Marathon always ends it, I think, right? Does it? No, I think, I thought break dancing was last this year. Is it? I thought the marathon always like they run into the stadium on that Sunday morning. That's it might be one of the last ones. Yeah, We we're up right now, 30 to 29 on China.


The total medal count over. We've won that easily. But we gotta win the gold medal. We Gotta win the gold and If. you look at that like per capita, we're absolutely dominating China. Yeah, we, they've got like 2 billion people over there. Is it 2 billion Now? No, I'm, I just, oh, they've grown. I just knew it was more than a billion. So big billion. Once you get over a billion, it's, it's 2 billion. Yeah. You lose track. You lose track of it. They've got enough. Yeah, I'll put it that way. There's Okay, China, we get it. I think Marathon is the last women's marathon. Yeah, they do it. They go into the stadium. It's very cool. Okay. Other things? Pedro Al got fired. Yes. StockX manager. So I don't know why they should have given him a little more time. So yeah, he hasn't implemented his system yet. We're gonna see what he can do.


I would not coach the White Sox If You if Grady Sizemore iss coaching him Now. Yeah. Grady Sizemore is gonna step in as on an interim basis for him. Not, not full-time yet. But If, you offered me $3 million a year to coach the Chicago White Sox. I would say no to man to manage that team. Think about how shitty 10 million a Year. 10 million a year. No, no I wouldn't because, But remember what it was a three year contract. Three Year contract guaranteed. So 30 million total. And Gary Reinert, I mean Pedro Rual didn't get fired for a very long time. Do I get unlimited milkshakes that they have at, at the White Sox field. Yes. Okay. Yes. Then I'm in So funny that they fired him now. Like what, what's even the, they they've, what's the point?


I think It's like you did they lose two outta three to the A's and then that that did it. They're like, okay, Well they but they also broke their 21 game losing streak. They did? Yeah. I would not know. I would not wanna manage 'em. Imagine what a shitty job that would be. No, it sucks. It's just miserable. Everyone's upset all the time. It's hot. You have to go to that shitty stadium with nobody in it. But you Also have no pressure. Well, you might get fired If, you lose the ace. No, But again, Pedro Al didn't get fired for a very long Time. Time for a very long time. He had a, the longest leash. I think the, I think there's, I saw some stat where it was maybe over a hundred games or 150 games. He was the third worst manager of all time base. They've been playing baseball a really long time.


Really long time. A really long time. Kind of unfair to put that on him for his managing job. Yeah. Like was that really, how much of that was him versus how much was the team? Just the overall vibe of the organization. Yeah. Yeah. And again, I think I mentioned it earlier this week, the, the worst is the guy, the doctor when everyone went to war. Yeah. The dentist. Yeah. Who, who, who managed I think the Phillies. So Yes, that's Pretty bad, bad company. Okay. Anything else. I mean, grit Week was great. So you, we've Got one of our guests from Grit Week was in the news the other day. Oh, Jim Harbaugh. Yes. You told me you saved this for me. Yes, yes. I asked what a show cause was and you said I, I found out a couple years ago, but I forgot, but I'm gonna find out again.


Yeah. I just need to jog the memory. Okay. So I'm Excited. So I was 75% correct with what I thought that it was. So Harbaugh just got a show cause penalty from the ncaa. They found a bunch of like, I don't know, I don't the level one, level two, level two A infractions. Okay. Nobody knows what any of this bullshit means. It was just like, okay, you did some stuff, you wouldn't cooperate, so we're gonna hammer you on stuff. This is 'cause it, it's very confusing. This is from, this is Not Stallions. Yeah. I believe there was some stallions involved in this. But This is, I I think this was the co the co the cheeseburger, the Covid recruiting. So this is a four year show cause for recruiting violations. Yeah. So This is, this isn't even stallions yet. 'cause the NCAA moves so slow. So what they did was they tried to interview him and he was like, I'm just not gonna talk to you.


And then they tried to, which legally speaking is the right thing. Yeah. He watched too many of those. Shut the fuck up Friday commercials on YouTube. And he is like, yeah, I I don't have to say shit to you. I'm gonna plead the fifth. There's no fifth Amendment in college football. 'cause the NCAA considered themselves to be like bigger than the Constitution. Yep. So he did not cooperate. Nobody cooperated with the NCAA at Michigan. Some people did. Some people lied. Harbaugh got punished for all of it. Harbaugh is getting a four year show. Cause which means, so he is not in college football anymore. Right. But if another team were to hire him in the next four years, they would have to go in front of the NCAA and explain why that school shouldn't get punished more for hiring Harbaugh Got it.


On top of all the other stuff that he would bring to the table. I mean, he's gonna just stay in. He's never gonna go back to college. Probably not. That was His dream job. Yeah. The question is, this sounds like I I know right now If you If you listen really closely. If, you listen to the wind, go outside right now. Or if you're in the car, roll down your, your windows and just turn, pause the show and listen to the wind. And that sound you hear is Mike Florio typing away on how Roger Goodell should actually punish Jim Harbaugh because the NFL should not be a safe harbor for someone who does something illegal in the NCAA Florio's already done that.


Okay. That right there it is. I hope you did that four days ago when you were driving to work. Yeah. That was Florio That was your This Is this, this is gonna be his favorite story for at least a week. I know. 'cause I I remember when he did it with Jim Tressell. Yeah. Well what he's gonna love this What he did and that, that was the earthquake we felt on Tuesday night when we were recording was Florida just banging away at the space bar on his computer. He took the, he took the line of reasoning of when Tressell did that at Ohio State and he got fired basically for letting his players get tattoos. Yep. In exchange for merchandise. Which sounds, it sounds everything that was illegal 10 years ago sounds so stupid now. And also kind of awesome And awesome. Yeah. It's good things. Things that were crimes 10 years ago are just awesome now.


Yeah. Game cleats for a tattoo. Cool. Awesome. Very cool. Very normal actually. So Tressell, the NFL told him that they reserved the right to punish him if he were to get a job at the NFL for stuff he did in college. Florio is now saying, well remember what you did to Tressell. I wonder if the NFL is gonna take that precedent that they've already set or if they're just gonna completely ignore it for Harbaugh. Right. So something that nobody was thinking about yet. Flo raised his hand. Right. Flo did the, the thing where he was like, you didn't collect her homework yet. Yeah. When the teacher wasn't gonna do it. This is so Goodell's not doing anything and Flo's like, Hey, remember trestle, are you gonna do that with Harbaugh or are you not gonna do that with Harbaugh? This story. Yeah. This was made for Mike Florio.


He basically got a gift from Heaven and he is just, this is, this is his entire, the rest of his summer is this. It makes no sense though, to punish somebody at a new job for something they did at their old job. Well Tell that to Mike Florio. It doesn't make any sense at All. He doesn't like that. He doesn't like that. You gotta you gotta keep him, keep the, keep the, keep the torch rights to Jim Harbaugh. Don't let him run to the NFLI. Yeah. I mean we like Jim Harbaugh, so we're biased, which very, we Admit Very biased. We very much admit there are A bunch of training camp fights too. Nice. A lot of training camp fights. DK Metcalf took his helmet off, swung it at a guy. Love that. Yeah. I think the Guardian scrum caps are actually doing more harm than good. Yeah. I think they're, their players are ripping them off and they're like, oh, it's not that hard of a helmet.


I can swing it at a guy's head now. It's like a pillow fight. It's like a pillow fight. It's encouraging bad behavior. Hank or it's like yeah, like a Nerf fight. It's basically a Nerf gun. It's like, oh, I can shoot you in the head with this. It won't hurt. Yeah. It's just a suction cup. Hank what's going on in this Patriots game? Did Drake may play? Yeah, two for three. Okay. 19 yards. Couple drives. That's, that is, I mean, in terms of preseason games, that's pretty much a perfect game. You also had Hater. I've never had to pay attention before either. This is a, this is a new thing. We had a a, a quite a glimpse into the battered brain of memes, which memes and I talked the other night about we just have to stick together more because our franchisees are like a joke that everyone just kicks our ass about.


But memes, I was asking him to do something and he was like, I wanna watch the first Patriots Drive. I was like, why? He's like, I wanna see if they're gonna suck or not. It was Jacoby Brissett in the rain against the Carolina Panthers preseason game one. Yeah. And he was going to make his judgment on this entire Patriot season. But you never know, Never miss an opportunity to see your, your biggest opponent just stinking it up. So, well I think it was also like a haunting thing that he was saying because he, he, I think he thinks and knows that they're not gonna be a good football team, but he just sees the jersey and he is like, I can't actually believe it. I have to see it with my own eyes. Is that fair to say? Memes? That Is correct. I I completely understand where you're coming from.


Yeah. There's some weird shit going on with the new, the new NFL graphics too. The, the landing zone of the kickoff is wild. Is it the blue area? Yeah. Oh, they wrap it in blue. What, What happened to green? So the green zone that remember that still exists when it's like, that's how far you have to get. Where? Where's the green zone? The green zone's. Like I don't Remember what the green zone. It's a bunch of yards that you have to get for What Was the Green Zone Fuel goal range maybe? No, what was the green? No, the, I Think the green zone's first down. Like from No, that's the yellow line. No, no, but Like the in between. Was it Green Zone? No. Yeah. But that made, Shit, it's been, we've been outta practice. We're Gonna do our new, new faces, new places or, or same faces, new places on Monday to get, get ourselves a little sharper.


The green zone NFL broadcast. I feel like they didn't even, I think do it too. Green Zone might be to get to the field goal line. It was bad 'cause they stopped the area of the field from the O Offenses own 15 yard line to the opponent's 20 yard. What I-I-N-B-C did it and then they took it away. Did they not? I thought they kept it. Oh 'cause it made no sense. We'll Figure it out. All right. All right. I got it. Hold on. It's preseason for podcasters Too. On, hold on, hold on, hold on. Say talk amongst yourselves for a second. Hank and PFT. Hank, what was your favorite moment of the week? I Like surfing. Surfing was fun. Video's out now it felt more fun than it looks on camera, but Yeah, it looks, it looks very lame.


It looks like we've got our dad behind us pushing us on a, a tricycle. but it was fun. Yeah, it was fun. It was really good time. Do you feel like you just got out? What? What's up? Memes is right. Shout Out memes. It's when the sky cam and they do the green zone. So it gives you better depth perception on how far you have to go to the first down. So it just goes to the yellow line. Yeah. Okay. And it actually was gonna be the gray zone. Ugh. Yeah. I don't like that. Feel good about that? Feel really good about it. Alright, last thing. So tonight is rough and rowdy West Virginia. Please buy it by r and r.com. I'll be singing the national anthem. We have 25 fights. I believe it's gonna be a great night.


So we had to get back from Grit Week, but we still have a lot of Grit Week content coming out. So we did, we have two, three more interviews coming out. A big one on Monday. Big big one on Monday. A couple videos, some vlogs. It was a great grit week. You guys all have fun. I had a great time. I had A blast. Yeah. I always get off Grit Week and you'll hear 'cause we were taping Fire Fest while we were still on the bus and I was talking about feeling old, but the minute we get back from Grit week, I'm just like, I miss the boys. I have that moment where it's like, it's almost a feeling of like the end of a bachelor party, you know? Yeah. By the way, fellas, what happened on Grit Week? We don't, we're not gonna talk about, we talk about it everything, right? Yeah. Some things are just kept amongst ourselves.


That lunch we ate where we all just had explosive diarrhea right after it was just one after another. All That was one of the craziest things Ever was going to the bathroom pf t's like, I gotta go to the bathroom. I was like, oh man. I think I went instantly. And then when we got to the Rams facility, I was like, I gotta go to the bathroom. I went for like a half hour. I went three times while we were still sitting at the restaurant. Yeah. My butt hasn't recovered yet. It was crazy. I I got one of those neck pillows that you put around your neck on a plane. I just sat on it for the entire flight back. Yeah. So great grit week. Thank you everyone Who, who saw us? Who came out? We love doing Grit Week. We're already thinking about next year. We've already talked about maybe couple NFC East places.


Yeah. Possibly. We, we heard you loud and clear If. you don't think that California was gritty enough? We're thinking about the French Riviera. Yeah. For next Grit Week. Yeah. I do think the, the people we interviewed was very gritty and also the surfing video. I mean go watch it right now. That was getting us into wetsuits and trying to tame the Pacific Ocean. Max looked like Joe Burrow walking around with just no back at all in his wetsuit. Yeah. Zipper was broken. It Was broken before I got it. Max Just screamed. He was just like, just so everyone knows, the zipper was already broken. Okay, well now we're gonna talk about this. We did the random number generator in the bus. Let's just do the real numbers, right?


Yeah. We'll do the real one now that we're back. Yeah. The real one. No numbers. Numbers. Max, have you ever gotten the lottery ball machine? I've gotten the number. 2017. 3 42 11 You Said 11. Yeah. Well I thought for some reason I thought Hank was gonna say 56. Eight 11 was a good number. 42 99 Pugs on. Yeah. Nine. Nine. What does Shane say? 2133. Great. Larry Bird Jersey 33 70 Threes. Love you guys. Okay.


Mount Rushmore time. It is brought to you by our friends at Paramount Plus. Paramount Plus is once again your home to stream the NFL on CBS all season long. I'm a Paramount plus guy. Follow all the exciting on field action stream your live local NFL on CBS game every Sunday, all the way through the a FC championship game. You can watch from your smart tv, tablet, phone, or any device. And all you need is Paramount plus account. Sign up and sign into Paramount Plus today and get ready for another thrilling season of the NFL on CBS streaming. Live on Paramount. Plus you're not a football guy. If, you don't have Paramount plus. Paramount Plus has all the football. Hank, are you gonna just keep doing that? Well, I'm doing the Paramount plus ad Should I to get my Fit right. Okay. All right. You're getting your fit right. Paramount Plus is the best also for the parents out there. Paw Patrol. Paw Patrol movie. Absolute awesome movie. Mayor of Kingstown too. Yes. So Paramount plus NFL on CBS all season long get Paramount plus Hank, you'll Never guess. Honestly, this is a little teaser on which guests we had on the bus wearing this hat. You'll, you'll truly never Guess it. Yeah. Actually you will never guess it 'cause we're never gonna air that interview. Okay. Yeah, no, we are.


Okay. Mount Rushmore yellow things. This is gonna get contentious. This Is gonna get contentious. We should say before too. I don't understand why it's, I It's already contentious right now. It's pretty Cut and dry. Well, we should, no it's not. We should do a quick update. Hank has won Wednesdays Mount Rushmore. Congratulations to Hank. Thank you. Thank you. He is now four points up on PFT shots. All The pregnant Women. I am s by the way, that one got me in trouble. I might have gotten a text being like, you picked Navy Seals over pregnant women. And I was like, I was just trying to get Hank a win. Pregnant women of killed Osama Bin Laden.


Yeah. So thanks for that, Hank, but You didn't have the chance. I I did. I had won one, but I was trying to get you a win. That's what we're going with. Sure. Yeah. Agreed. Hank, congratulations on the win. You were up four points on PFT. Yep. Who was in last? I am up six points on Hank Max is running away with it. So it's max 50 points me 42 points. Hank 36 PFT 32. It's not looking great for your boy right now, but that's fine. There's, there's a lot of season left in Mount Rushmore season. A lot of time for Hank to collapse. He's feeling himself right now, which I like. No, Hank's acting like he's in first place, which I, I absolutely love. Yeah. No. How goes, no, you're gonna get confident. I'm gonna sneak up on you like a little, little monster in the dark. Let's go.


PFT I'm gonna grab you by the ankles. I'm gonna drag you down into the ocean. I'm gonna hold you under until you die. Let's go PFT And then this is, this is what's gonna happen, Hank. You're gonna have, you're gonna have to take punishment outta the hat. It's not me versus, and you're, you're gonna complain about it and then you're gonna say it's unfair that I'm predicting the future right now. I wanna see you do the punishment. I wanna see PFT because PFT is my dear friend and co-host the show. And the punishment's gonna happen during football season and we work a lot during football season while you sit on the couch and scroll Twitter. So I would, it's not gonna get contentious. I would like PFT not to have to devote whatever, however many hours this stream is gonna take and I wanna see you do It.


What I notice your Twitter screen time is probably 20,000 Times more than just for the record. What Do I say what? Do. I say what during the show, right? Yeah, yeah. It's not that high anymore. Didn't say that Couch didn't said you sit on the couch. The couch that we do the show With. Are you talking about the proverbial Couch? Oh, I mean I No, you Said I said it on the show. You never sat on the show. Okay. Alright. So, but the couch, I was thinking about the couch. That's a fiction. Fiction. The couch that you sit on and during the show I have Multiple couches. I'm sitting on the couch right now. We still fancy pants. Got a lot of Couches. We got JD Hank over there. Yeah. Yeah. You wanna fuck a couch, you eat a couch. Fucking problem. You say couch. I don't instantly think of the studio. That's all I think about is that couch. What I noticed in the standing Max is just sitting down.


He's just, is that, I, I think what happens more often than not is I either strike out completely or I hit a home run. I'm either first or fourth. That's it. You're Adam, dun. I'm actually, actually say we're metrically, you're big donkey. A very good baseball player in today's game. Yes. Okay, so let's not get contentious. No, it's we're we're on the bus. It's grit week. We've had a great grit week. It's been fun. Great week. I think that, you know, the coaches have taught me, it's like I, I do love every question. What does grit mean to you? And it's like, it's, it's about, it's not about how you act when you're down, it's about how you act when you're up and just staying focused. And that's what I do. Yeah. You're you're acting real sharp. Real sharp. Real sharp And a little fresh. That's a compliment, but I'm not gonna take it as a compli.


I I'd like to put a bar soap in your mouth. Okay. Mount Rushmore of yellow things Backwards hat Colin Coward would hate that. Yeah. My what about this Heartbreak Motel hat on for It's a good hat. Ladies, you've been warned. Wait, Who's got first pick? I think I do. Oh, wow. Yes. Hank Max. Me Big. Cat. Love It. We'll, never, we'll never get. Love it. Like just dive in. I was ready. I get surprised every time. Yeah. Wait, the the, the order comes out. I'm pretty worried that Hank's gonna take my one one. Oh no, there is, is there a one one? I have a, I have a, I have a one one.


Does it go B? Yep, that's it. SpongeBob square fans. Damn. That's a reach. That's a reach. I had a different one. One. And then I was re-looking at the board and I said, you know what? Fuck it. Let's take a shot. Like the, the other one, one was kind of obvious and like, it doesn't really pop SpongeBob, so I went with SpongeBob fucking pop. That was An audible and I feel good if the guy that's in first place wanted Take. Wait, were you gonna take that if I didn't say I think you're gonna take 1, 1, 1. No, no, I, but I, I had a different one, one up until like 20 minutes ago when I was working. Oh, nice. Okay. That's a really good one. One, I was really ba I almost didn't take it, but I you were the one I knew was gonna take it. Like I was gonna maybe try and get it back around, but Yeah. Right, right. No, I was definitely taking that, that was, that was easy. First pick for me.


Okay. I will go with lemonade is my one as Made. Number one Overall. Nice. Nice. Well I am very, I'm very happy that this fell to me. I'm gonna go beer. Yeah, good beer is the one, one good pair. Yellow. Yeah, look it up. Yellow. Go Google. If beer's yellow, I'm being, I have to be brown. I have to be fully transparent here. I had beer so I'm gonna defend. PFT. Beer is yellow. Okay, So that's where, that's where we're going. That's where we're going with you. Me? Yellow. It's not yellow. Draft Beer is yellow. Oh, memes. Look at memes face. Oh, memes Is thinking That is not yellow. Oh, I'm looking it up. If If, you Google. Yeah. If. you Google is beer.


Yellow beers are often yellow. It's a good pick. I think you need to pick like a specific type of beer. Yellow beer. All beer. That's yellow. Coors light. Yellow Coors Light's yellow. No, It's not golden. And Golden is yellow. Yeah, I I I mean I had it so I'm gonna defend you. PFT. Yeah, I mean, I, I think you guys are Yeah, the Golden. All right. You know what? You guys are The Beer. It's yellow. Coors Light says Golden beer. Golden yellow Thinking. Golden Colorado. Oh, thanks for making my point. What You trying to do? That's not, I don't, I don't think that's for the color. No. Laggers. Ales. Those are both yellow fine.


Honestly yellow honestly, you need this one. No, I, I don't need your pity on this. It's yellow. Do you or do you not need this? It stands on its own marriage Fact or fiction. No, I don't need it. Right. He was about to pour it on the Ground. I don't need it. He was about to pour Coors light out on the ground. That's yellow. I just need Hank to be worse, that's all. Okay. I'm Not even thinking about you. I have two picks. Yep. I live run free up there. I love it. Alright, I'm gonna go Cheese. Good pick cheese. Any Specific Type? I mean all yellow cheese, orange. Okay. I like cheddar, but that's orange. I had, I had cheese on my list. I, I, well I thought I had cheese. I looked it up and then it was like, most cheese is orange.


Bright orange. What? Look up, We Just made a fucking noise. Cheese is yellow, Bright orange. That's what I looked, that's what I saw. Not, not all cheese is yellow, but a lot of cheese is okay. That's What I'm saying. You have to pick a yellow cheese. Like there are, like, you have to pick a cheese. I'll give you cheddar cheese. Yeah. Like pft Should be Coors Light. Yeah. Okay, fine. Cheddar. Like There's beers that are brown. Yeah, cheddar cheese. Yeah. I'm not taking those There. There's cheese that is white, But there's a lot of beer. That's yellow. Cheese is blue. There's A lot of beer that's not yellow. Yeah. And there's a lot of cheese. What's your Pink Macs? Lemonade? What kind? Oh, that's good question. Yellow lemonade. Well, there's pink lemonade. Yeah, you have to say yellow lemonade then.


No, no Lemonade. There's no, there's like white lemonade. False. It looks white. Lemonade is yellow. I've Gotta wanna go down this path. I've seen a lot of very pale lemonades. Yeah. No, this is, It's good thing we're not gonna contentious. No, you guys know what you're doing. Me and Hank are playing this game the right way. You guys are muddying the walls. Cheese is yellow. Cheddar cheese is yellow. So it's American. You can't get all cheese. Why can't I get all cheese? You, you got all lemonade, But like lemonade. You got all beer. Generic lemonade. You got yellow. SpongeBob. I did get all beer. I didn't to get All Beer either. Should all beer got get all beer? I get light beer. Coors Light. You should have taken beer before. Lemonade. Weirdo. Yeah, but That's not fucking yellow.


Beer's not yellow. Yes. It's It's tan Beer. It's not like beer is tan. All right, well yes, I This one might get it. This one might then spiral you even more. My second pick French fries. Beige. They're golden. McDonald's French fries are yellow. Okay, so this is McDonald's. Yellow. Yellow. We're we're just picking any color. Now what? I'll say this French. I'll say this. If you're If, you were giving like a a That's yellow. I, no, I'm Gonna can't speak. Can I speak? That's yellow. That's a fucking fake picture. If. you were, it's Not, that's not a real, that's a cartoon basically.


Oh My god. If, you were to give a little kid back in an outline of a, of a, a French fries and told him to color it. They would get yellow. Yellow cran to color. Thank you. Hank that. Yeah. Okay. If there is a color, that's fair. That's fair. French fries are yellow. Hank If. you were to Ask a kid to color in beer. What color would they choose? Yellow. Probably yellow. There we go. Thank If they chose brown. Thank you Hank. You also wouldn't like blink. I think that's beer is, beer is a lot. I would say lemme just say cheese Would lemme Just say this. Just say Cheese would be orange. No, it wouldn't. Yes it would. No, no, no kidding. You guys. Cheezit what? Lemme cheezit Spray. Great point. Henry. What color are cheezits? I didn't pick Cheez-Its I know, but the best Cheese outta, That's all these.


No, but Hank, that's C-H-E-E-Z. Yeah, exactly. With hundred percent real cheese. He thinks that someone here's upset that they took lemonade in the first round. Yeah. Lemonade fucking yellow. I'm taking yellow things for a yellow draft. French fries are are yellow. No, you guys, I understand. No, you guys need this. You guys need this. Let's keep going. No, no, let's let, Keep going. You guys need this. Now I understand why Max was gonna get contentious. He's colorblind. He just, he said before said you Don't know contentious. You guys don't know colors. It's fine. You Says don't know low. You said that memes was gonna be the decider. Memes. I think French fries are yellow. Go through all of the, all of their picks And SpongeBob.


I want them to get one pick. That's actually yellow Memes would've given the season. Come on, memes. Well, I think french fries are yellow. Yes. Thank you. Cheese. Cheese. Fine. You know what? I won't take cheese. Take cheese off the board. That's fine. I my first pick. I just want you to take specific cheese. No, yeah, yeah. No. My first pick will be the Simpsons. That's yellow. There we go. I have french fries in the Simpsons. I Thought about the Simpsons, but I don't, I don't, I never watched it. Thank you. You Huey. We just mumbled. Great pick. That's a good pick. Cheese Is still on the board. I'm not gonna lie. There is a s I'm not take, I just won on the record specific. The max made me take a pick off.


No, I didn't. I said I wanted all, all I wanted you to take was a specific type of cheese. Check the tapes. I just wanted a specific type of cheese. Simpsons, french fries. You know who would be on our side? Big. Cat. Who? Bubba. Yeah. I was just about to say Bubba. I was literally about to, Yeah, He's colorblind. No. Okay. I I can see this getting contentious. This should be an easy one. We should all agree gold. Good pick. Good pick, isn't it? Honestly, I'm gold medals, Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't gold a color? Gold. Gold is yellow. I'm, I'm, I'm Gold Is a shade. Yellow. Gold is gold. Gold's a shade of yellow, But gold is gold.


If, you were to give a kid. I want, I I've, listen, I had to back on beer. It's, it's literally a gold is a color. Is gold yellow? I'm going to, I'm gonna search this like, is gray and silver the same Thing? We're not doing the, the, I mean, maybe I'm way off, but it isn't gold a color. Pure Gold is a rich yellow orange color. Okay. Orange. Orange Was the first. I just assumed gold was gold. Okay. We did a gold draft. Gold would go first. Gold would be the metallic variation of the color. Yellow. Okay. According To red. That's always right. I, my draft is just gonna be yellow things. Well, Lemonade again. I can find you a lemonade right now. That's not yellow. I was gonna play Your game.


Gonna, I can find you with lemonade right now. That's not yellow. Big boy. I'm, I'm gonna go with the first down line. Any, any, any qualms there? Well, it's not Official. Well, yeah, it's not official and it's only on the tv. It's not on the, the field. All right, fine. Next, next time you watch tv, you don't get to watch the look at the yellow line. Oh yeah. See how you like watching football then buddy. Okay, next time we watch football, you can't eat any cheese, buddy. I Like cheese and I wanted to take it, but I looked it up and the first color it said was orange. You had to look up what the color of cheese was. Yes. Because I didn't, I for this reason because if I picked it, you know, if I picked it, I would've got fucking Roasted.


That's not true at all because I, I had It on my list. I was very honest. When PFT picked beer, I said I have beer on my list. Yeah, well P Fts in fucking the basement right now. Yeah. Well guess what? Guess what buddy? Sometimes you gotta be in last place and you gotta have grit and you gotta build your way out of it. No. Yeah, it's okay. Okay. Hank, you have two picks I'm going to go with good thing this isn't Contentious. Yellow parentheses cold play The song. The song, the song yellow. I'm gonna allow that. Yeah, it's a yellow thing. Yellow, sure. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna allow it. Yeah, because I'm very easygoing when it comes to this. Well I don't, I mean, yeah. And I will go with Can you give us a bar of that song And it was all yellow.


I like, I like job British. Hank Yeah. I'll go with pepper jack cheese. Mm, white. Wait, white Pepper. Jack's white. That's white. Jack is white dude. Whatcha talking about? Alright Hank, I also white and red and green. I, I would allow Hank to take that for the Shot. you don know what pepper jack cheese is. No timeout. you don Dunno what? Pepper jack cheese. Like It's all, we're on the same side here. It's all white, red and green. It's yellow-ish. It's got a yellow shoe. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Pepper jack's white. It's got the specs of peppers in there. It's pepper jack cheese is not it's white. Look at this is pepper jack cheese.


That's yellowish. That's not, you picked a white cheese. That's all white. You picked a white cheese. If that's not yellow then no cheeses should have been allowed. You, there's Lots of cheeses that are yellow. That cheese, You had cheese. You basically could have picked Barta. Hank. I was really, I wanted you to be on my side is White. Yeah, I know. So is pepper Jack Jack is way more yellow than Barta. Oh Hank, they're both white. No, it's Also, there's peppers In it. There's two other colors in it. So are yellow. It Might be like a yellow pepper. French Fries are yellow and brown. Oh, now you're going back on french fries. I mean, I'm just saying like if I didn't know it was pure straight up fucking unfiltered. Well there are a lot cheeses that are yellow. Pepper jack is not If. you like, Hey Amy, yellow cheese. No one's like pepper Jack, yellow-ish.


Cheddar. I said cheddar are, yeah. All I'm just gonna go fucking balls to the wall. Wall cheese. Cheese is not getting picked. Jesus. Yeah. No, I mean, if that's, if pepper jack's not yellow. No cheese is allowed. I, I think we should let Hank take pepper Jack. No, I'm taking Pikachu. Oh, okay. It was on my list. I, I'm hoping I'm not a Pokemon animated Character. Never seen Pokemon Pepper. Jack would've slapped. Never been round of Pokemon. I'm gonna go with Associate With it. Pokemon Go. I'm gonna go with buttered popcorn. Mm. Had it on my list. Good. Pick White. Good Pick. Buttered Popcorn is yellow. Yeah, It's, it's yellow. You're thinking of like smart food.


Like If. you gave a kid a cran and told 'em, here's some pepper jack Cheese. Okay. I'm, I'm gonna step in. They're Not Gonna just leave it White. I'm gonna step in. They're gonna put, I'm going to go with the sun. Mm. The fucking sun. The fucking sun. Which also could have been out on the Mount Rushmore of tough things. Yep. Okay. Any, anyone complain? No. I almost picked a one. One. Yeah. I like it. I didn't, I like it. Okay. It's a Good third round. It's a good third round. It's good value. It's great Value. I would've taken, I probably should have taken it. It's A coach's son. Okay. I probably should have taken it. I got my last two.


I need, I need, I need the anime freaks. I need 'em to step up. That's, that's, that is the thing about the people that follow the part of my take account. It's a huge crossover with the anime freaks. Yep. Alright, I'll go. I have two picks. One I'm probably gonna get yelled at for, but this one should, everyone should agree with. No, This whole draft is pointless anyway. So what I, I'm not yelling anymore. No, I would like you to yell. If. you don't like it. This one you like though? Yellow Labrador retriever. Yep. Yellow Labs. Yeah. Great. Yellow Labs. Yellow Labs are All Called Yellow Labs. Yeah. There is Yellow lab. What? Just admitted that I would like it. No, I, what, what did I say? Dogs. I didn't know that there was a difference between yellow and golden.


There's A big difference. No, but you, what did I say? What did I pick? Yellow. Yellow What? Labrador Retrievers And what did you say? Right. I didn't know that there was a difference. There is Very much. Got it. You would know the dog In the lab. Dog in Mar and me and a golden retriever are two different dogs. Marley and me. The same dog. Different Dogs. Now the pepper jack thing makes sense. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I'm colorblind. Okay. Last one. Oh man. Max. There's golden. Take it. I'm not gonna get mad, I promise. Pasta.


No, I'm actually, I'm all, I'm all right with that. There are yellow pastas, I think. Fresh pastas. Yes. Fresh pasta. The freshest pasta is always yellow with the homemade pasta. Delicious yellow are okay With it. Could pick. Could pick. Yeah. Hank car Hank's still, you know, like he just found out that golden retrievers and yellow labs are different Dogs. No, this, that, that's a, That's, and he's trying to, he's trying he this by me. His whole, I I thought for sure you would've taken pasta. You know what, he's had two pics that, that have been presented to Hank today. That Hank could have taken in the things that I just learned recently. Draft that we did. Yeah. Yeah. Yellow Labs and Golden retrievers and pepper jack. Cheese Max. Pepper Jack cheese. One. I, I know people are gonna have my back.


I It's not a single person on the planet that's gonna have your Back. No, absolutely not. Max, I was convinced you'd take pasta. You took lemonade over pasta. What kind of lemonade Are you? Well, lemonade is, is obvious. I was thinking more classically. Yellow, like, I mean, pasta's yellow. I know, but I was thinking like, I'll be honest, I didn't have lemonade on my board. I didn't even have, I didn't even think, think about Lemonade. Lemonade, lemonade. I mean, and You went one, one. Well, I, well, I was thinking of things that are, I, that's, this might be, you don't understand what one, one is number. This Might be The end. First of all, you don't, don't understand what one one is. This might be the end. You don't understand what one, one is. I You are one, one. That this is one. Two. You're one, one. My one one was SpongeBob.


Yeah. His one one was SpongeBob. Shit, it's, you still had first round on lemonade. Let's get back to the fact that lemonade. Alright, Fine. You know what, max Go. Let's go out and find somebody Doesn't lemonade anymore. We Weren't gonna yell anymore. Max. Yeah. Let's, Let's agree to just remind everyone that Hank thinks Pepperjack cheese is yellow. Yeah, that's a good point. Yellowish. Where did Huey just go? Oh, nice. Thanks. Good Job. Good job, Youi. Wait, you're up. Alright, my turn. Last pick. I'm gonna go with the pass interference icon that pops on the screen when Great job. Horrible. Pick When your team throws an in completion. It's A terrible pick. Why is that a terrible pick? Do not, do not almost nut yourself if, wait, what Was the pick?


Sorry. The pass, the passenger interference icon that pops up after your team throws an incompletion and it saves you yellow color with Compact. How is that gonna look on a graphic? Well, it looks cool on when it happens on the Tv. No. And Rushmore graphic. That's just, it's a paragraph. I don't think, I don't think about that Max. I don't think about that. I go, that's, that's Why you're in the last place. Well, you're you're A big fucking pander bear, aren't you? That's not true. I just said That. I Yeah, you just admitted to pandering To the graphic. He does pander. Wow. Yo Max panders. That's why he's in first. Yeah. Correct. He's been pandering the entire meatball contingency. I go with my heart. you don You don't think this guy likes meatballs? No, I'm just saying you've been pandering to fat meatball. I, and, and you know what? I actually think the people will like the pass interference thing.


We've all been there. Yeah. No, the, I mean, pf t's kind of Right. Peter Schrader just walked in. Peter Sch sch yelling about Yellow face. Hey Peter, I got a question for you. Talking the mic. When you're, when you're watching football and you're rooting for team, wait, max, will you shut the fuck up? Five questions for you. Actually, I should lead off with, let's look it one by one. We have so many grievances right Now. Sit there. Sit in the middle. Sit in the middle. Sit in the middle. All, all right. First question. Peter Schrager, NFL network. You can find him everywhere. We're actually gonna have you on next week. Great. So yeah. Hard knocks Podcast. Podcast Knocks podcast. Peter Schrager. What color is pepper jack? Cheese? It's, It's a white, but with like a red and orange tint of like Speckles of red and orange.


Correct answer. Is there a difference between a golden retriever and a Labrador or yellow lab? Yes. Okay. Okay. Good answer. What color is beer? Beer's. Brown. Oh no, no beer's. Not brown. Oh, Beer's not brown. Oh, no. Beer's not fries. French fries are yellow. Yes. Thank you. Beer's Not brown. What'd He say is like color Ball? I dunno. Ball. What color is lemonade? Oh, now this is a good one. I say pink. Yep. Okay. Yep, yep, yep. But if there's like a lemonade stand, it's usually yellow. Okay. But if I'm at a restaurant, I'm ordering lemonade, it better be pink. But the person didn't say lemonade stand. They said lemonade. Then If, you Order a lemonade and If, you're like, Hey, can I get a lemonade?


And it comes out pink. You're like, I didn't order a pink lemonade. Okay. I Just think it's interesting conversation. That's All. Alright, so wait, what was your pick? Alright, So, so Peter, if you're watching football, right? Yeah. And your team is playing, it's third down, third and 10, and they throw an incompletion, and then like half a second later the, the pass interference icon pops up on the screen. How exciting is that for each Fan? Yeah. That, that's a, that's a quiet fist pump. But IIII understand if people go natural. Yeah. Okay. Flag, flag, flag. But to me, you gotta have some respect. Like, it wasn't a true first down. It was like, all right, we'll take it. But you bailed out. You bailed out. It's a quiet fist. I Think this is more relatable for people that root for teams that historically have quarterbacks that can't complete tasks. Totally. Yes. Totally. Of which there are many. Sure. Yes. And it's also, so it's just for the interception play On an incomplete pass.


Okay. Okay. 'cause obviously that yellow, that yellow score bug is bad. Sometimes It can be bad. Yeah. It can be very bad. I'm saying when you're on offense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Max, your last pick. I'm gonna go with the minions. Oh, okay. Okay. Nice. I actually like the minions a lot. Minions are great. Big minions fan. Yeah. Make me laugh every time You want. You wanted to get mad at me there, but you agree. Minions are great. No, I've been honest the whole time. No, you are here. I had his back. You're right, you're Right. You're right. I'm defensive right now. Yeah. I'm defensive. I'm defensive. Yeah. What color is gold? Gold. I oddly, gold can be brown as well. Okay. So Peter does know idea. Yeah. Peter Peter's colorblind. He's got shit for brains. Okay. Hank, you. I gotta, I got, okay.


I haven't watched any Olympics this entire two weeks. Are you guys in on the Olympics or out on the Olympics? In ish. I, I was, I was halfway in. I enjoy that gap that it fills in the summertime. Yeah. There's nothing else going on. I can convince myself to care about things that I normally wouldn't Hot take. Yeah. Not enough bloopers anymore. Everyone's awesome. Well, to be, well, he Used the penis. I saw the penis. The ball. Yeah. We saw the guy, the, the diver, like back and hit his back first. That's funny. Years ago. But like, yeah. That was an old clip. See, That's exactly right. Like, I, I just saw it online. I'm like, all right, well there's a blooper. Yeah. It used to be there'd be guys fucking up now. Yeah. Everyone's great. Yeah. And it's great. And also, this is me just, I got The Polish chick.


You like the Polish chick? You good? It was more Not the one that looks like a be danger. Yeah. I don't know that name. I've never, I've never searched that name. You fucking dog. Peter, When you say that you saw the penis, are you talking about the opening ceremonies? That guy was weird. Okay. Wait, what did you say? An obsession with all the celebrities and other Yeah. Snoop Dogg's getting paid. Oh, I saw that report. Yeah. Yeah. That's a lot. All got, sorry, Hank, your last pick a quick shit on the Olympics. Yeah. Yeah. Ah, Yellow Starburst. Okay. All right. Some people would say the worst of the Starburst flavors, but I don't think they're the worst. They're just clearly not the best.


But they're yellow. They're yellow. Yellow. You could, they're Yellow. But Max already took pink lemonades. You could've taken pink starburst. I don't think I could've. Alright. What did we miss on the yellow drought? Oh, We missed a lot. Sunflowers have counted. Yes. Sunflowers would've counted yellow. What, what m Ms. Peanut, M ms i At Salate. I was staring at it and I didn't have it on my board. And then I saw it. I was like, that would be disrespectful. I thought about it. Yeah. The Lay's chips too, right next. Yep. Yep. But Lay's chips are not, like, if you're talking about like the best chips, lace chips. Yeah. I, if we're talking about, I like Lay's chips with a sandwich. Yes. Because it's a good salty crunch. The salty crunch. But when somebody serves me yellow lay's original. I, I feel like I'm eating in prison. That's what, yeah. Like what they give inmates. Yes. But it They're good with the sandwich. Yes. Yeah.


I had construction machinery. Oh, that's a good one. Fucking cool as shit. Yep. Cool. The excavator really cool. Yellow. I had butter. I had butter. I had mustard. I had bananas. Had mustard too. SC Mustard. But buttered Butter was a mistake. Yeah. Honey. Honey, honey. I had that too. He's a good one. Beavers and Butthead. Yeah. Tweety bird. I was pretty heavy. I could gone a full lemon board. Honestly, I don't, I think beavers, he has yellow hair. Oh, Okay. Bevis. I I meant be's hair. Yeah. Tweety Bird. Yeah. Wolverine Is not, I mean, Oh, this was something That, that, that would be like, his suit is yellow Wolverine suit.


Like sure. He, the person is not yellow. Is there a Sound playing somewhere? I think it's just a car outside. Har. No, I think My Shit. Wait, was that an a Bella danger video? Peter walked on to say hi for two minutes and he's already regretting it. Podcast with porn. No, no. The Steelers Steal it. Black and yellow. Yeah. Black and yellow. Black and yellow. Black and yellow. Black. Yellow. I had Hank's belly. Yep. What? Yellow belly. He's a coward. Yeah. Yell Belly. Oh yeah. Chicken Shit. I've, I'm, I've been slow today. Yeah. I had field goal Posts just definitely Today. Yeah. I mean fuel goal posts. I don't like fuel pepper jack cheese Was yellow as an yellow-ish.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't like field goal posts. This is The, this is the, the most wild Mount Rushmore we've had this year. Big Cat. You like one field goal post? You just don't like two of them both. Yeah. The Tour de France. Jersey. Oh yeah. Yep. The guy. Yellow jacket. Shout out Harbaugh. Shout out Harbaugh. Bees. Bees. So Fire salamanders would've counted. Yeah. Are they yellow? I thought that they Were orange black. Oh, then yeah, they would've counted. What about tortilla chips? Yeah. That can be yellow. I think they're Yellow. That's Just as yellow as Fucking pepperjack. No it's not. No it's not. You gotta chill with a pepper Jack. You're So wrong about pepperjack. It's crazy. Tortilla chips Are not Yellow. Some of 'em are. They definitely are. Which ones? The yellow ones.


The ones that come in the yellow bag. Sant's. That's a specific type. But the general tortilla chip is not yellow. Some of them are made from white corn. Some from yellow corn. Queso, Fundo. Oh, that's more white. I think that one's more white. You're probably right. Kind of hank yourself on that one. That's a yellow chip. There's cheese. There's, Well, I understand. I found it. Cheese, nacho cheese. No. What Nacho cheese. You Peter. He took off cheese. He made us all not pick cheese. That's not true. I said, I told you I tried. Just pick a specific cheese. I just wanted, wanted you to take cheddar cheese If. you could taken the packer's cheese heads. That's not a good thing. It has A mild buttery flavor and a pale yellow color with a compact and supple texture.


Okay. What else did we miss, Peter? Any yellow things? Yeah. The Simpsons. I had it. That was my first pick after cheese got taken off. Yep. Saxophone cheese. You took cheese off? No. You took cheese off. I just wanted a specific cheese. You you took cheese and pasta off? No. Pasta was a good pick. I told you it was a a good pick. That was a great Pick by me. Charlie Brown shirt? Yep. Oh yeah. Charlie Brown shirt. Charlie Brown shirt. The man in the yellow hat. Yeah. Oh, wait, wait. Oh, I was a curious George Guy. Wait, Hank, is that the man in the yellow hat? Or is that the man in the yellow hat's hat? Probably the hat. Yeah. It would have to be that Hat Hat If you. Not a Kinda same thing. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That that, that hat By your Own, by your logic.


More iconic than Yeah. But that would play The Savannah bananas. Yep. Sure. I watched the game. Where Do you stand on those Guys? I watched the game their last week. Cool. I I was out on 'em and then I watched the game and I was like, this actually kind of rocks. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's also been, the rise has been crazy. Yeah. Yeah. The rise has been crazy. Dick Tracy. Dick Tracy. Dick Tracy. Yep. Good one. Lot of yellow didn't date you at all. No. 1990 Madonna. The starring rule. Yes. Oh yeah. That's great. Just Blondes. Blondes in general. Oh, Blondes. Blondes. Blondes is a big one. Fuck. Oh no. I know you're more of a brunette guy, Peter. But, but I think you would have to, you would've had, like, you couldn't have gotten blondes. You would've to say blonde hair. Why are you, why are you arguing me over something I didn't take?


Because I, because I'm justifying why none of us? It doesn't matter. Took blonde. It doesn't Matter. I know. I'm just thinking In my head. Horrible mention. It means still being contentious. Lemon bars. I could've gone all lemon. Oh, lemon bars of rock. You guys are stupid. What about pink? Lemon bars? Lemon Heads, Lemonhead, lemon heads. Lemon. Good pick. Lemon heads are good. Lemonheads a good pick. Corn. Just corn. Corn. Hank. Oh, corn. How did you not pick your horn? Oh, oh my God. Hank. Hank loves corn. Yeah. And what did you pick? What are your four picks? Hank? Hank got the grocery corn today. Ugh. Hank, what were your four picks? It was good. What were your four picks? Threw the hell out of it. What were your four picks?


Doesn't matter. No, No. I want to hear 'em Again. SpongeBob. Great. Pick yellow cold play. Mm. That one's probably That's corn. That's gotta be corn. Good. I like that. But that's gotta be corn. Pikachu has to be corn. What was even my fourth pick? I don't even know it Was unmemorable. How do you Not know your own picks? Wasn't corn? What Was starburst? Oh dude. All three of your last picks should have been Corn. I would rather, I would, I would like if I had the choice between corn or yellow starburst for the rest of my life, it's corn. A Lot of people are saying Anything for the rest of my life. A Lot of people are saying that Hank got out out of last place in that cocky. No, that's a mistake. But again, like it doesn't matter 'cause it's over. But that will keep me up. Keep, yeah. That's Tough. Not just 'cause of the, I don't care that I would've done better on the graphic.


Just for personal. Like just, Yeah. You betrayed yourself. Yeah. Myself. Kinda like Maxim pasta. Yeah. Yeah. Honestly. Yeah. I Do I. Love that I got, I know I wanted to get mad about it, but I can. It's, it's the right color. Fresh pasta. Fresh pasta is yellow. Fresh pasta. Okay. Good. Mount Rushmore boys. Good. Mount Rushmore. Yeah. Just great, great convo. Yeah, it was a pleasure all around. It Got contentious, but it was fun. Thanks Pete. Thank you Peter. Thank you. I love coming in. That was great. Yeah. Yeah.


We're gonna get to Coach McVay a second. He's brought to you by Coors Light Great Week is sponsored by Coors Light. The best beer in the world. It is the perfect, perfect beer for summertime. There is no sports experience. Quite like the rivalries between college football teams. And now on Saturdays you can get even closer to the action with Coors Light and DraftKings. Hey, let me ask you guys a question. Do you guys like beer? Yes. Love It. Do you guys like football? Yes. Love It. Well, guess what? They've teamed up with DraftKings for college football. Pick 'em where you can pick winners each week for a chance to win cash. When the rivalries heat up, choose chill, then reach for an ice cold. Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill, there's only one beer to choose. That's Coors. Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. So you know when your mountain cold refreshment is ready for you. When things heat up, it's a good time to choose chill and crack. Open a Coors Light. Sometimes things get heated when you're watching college football. Well chill out with an ice cold. Coors Light Saturdays just got hotter, but you can choose. Chill with Coors Light and DraftKings. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado.


And now here's Sean McVay. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. It is not damn time again. Yeah, I know. It's you. You can probably recognize that voice. It is our Grit Week interview presented by Coors Light. It is head coach, super Bowl winning head coach. Because I think the last time we you were on, you had not won a Super Bowl yet. Yeah. Sean McVay. And you guys enjoyed the box, right? Guys got that I The Box. Yeah. So we start every Grit Week interview with the same question. How would you define the word grit? How would I define the word Grit? I think it's, it's about persevering being at your best when the times are toughest.


You know, I think the separator in anything, when you talk about people with grit is when they're in the storm it's easy to lead when things are going well. But you know, people that have grit, they lead when they're in that storm and they get out of it quicker. Yeah. You could also have just said the 2022 Los Angeles Ram season Fucking right. That was grit or or the start of the start of last season. Yeah. That and that's, and well, yeah. You know what? I thought you were, I wasn't even, see I'm a bad listener there. I thought you were talking 23. You dick 2022 Wasn't, That was bad. I don't know if I'd call that grit. You know, that that almost broke me. Yeah. Yeah. But no, last year that was a cool example. You know, because when you really say, alright, how do you really work through, how do you stay the same even though we're three and six, everybody's kind of writing you off.


And I think the best thing about that team is a lot of people said, all right, well, what was the difference? There really wasn't one, you know, you started making some plays, having the games go in the right direction. But the guys kind of stayed the course last year was a fun year. Yeah. Yeah. It was. It it was, it was fun to watch you guys. I, for the record, I believed in you when you were at your worst. Did you, you did. I I put money on the line. You made you bet On you guys to make the Playoffs. I, I said they're gonna make the playoffs. Yeah. At what point did you make that bet At Your darkest hours? So You made that bet when we were three and six. I believe you were three and six. Yeah. Yeah. It was right in that zone. That's Awesome. I looked at the schedule and I was like, How much money did you put on it? It was about four or five units. So it was, You're a successful guy. You didn't believe in us. No, no. I thi I think I, I think I ended up getting five figures out of it.


I love it. Yeah. So I appreciate Hey, congratulations for betting on us. I appreciate you. Yeah. So it was a gritty season. Yes. You guys are down then. Then you come back, you turn things around. Everyone was saying before last season started that you were, I guess, in the midst of cap hell, like there's been two seasons where you've been to Cap Hell yeah. What was it like to fight through Cap hell and come out the other side? It's Not fun. It, it was, you know, I think when you look at it, there was a lot of decisions that in the moment, you know, you feel very, you know, you feel like these are the right things. And I'm not saying you would do anything differently, but what you do wanna make sure you understand is all right, what are the possible ramifications down the line? And there was some decisions that, you know, I take some responsibility in, but there was a lot of good memories in the midst of that.


but it was challenging when you're operating and you're never have to part ways with a lot of guys that you really shouldn't have to. But, you know, those guys went and did their thing and, and I think it was a cool opportunity to see a lot of rookies get opportunities and really take advantage of chances that kind of were forced upon us. And they certainly made the most of them. So kind of on the same lines of cap. Hell, this past off season, you finally had a first round pick. Yeah. So you'd never had a first round pick? We had never had. We, you know what we traded out of it in the 18th season. Yeah. We traded back. But other than that, we had not had a first round pick in seven years. Yeah. What Was going through the, the, the I, we were, we saw Les in the hallway and I asked him if like he needed an EpiPen in the draft room.


Like, 'cause I, we had a theory that you guys were just not gonna be able to do it. You were like, at the last second you'd be like, no, we can't do this. Yeah. We don't wanna do it. And do some trade where you traded a bunch of future picks. So that's all you guys were doing. So what, It was a possibility. Yeah. You know, but But you have a first rounder this year. Yeah. Is that a little weird? He's a stud. It, it was weird. And you know, there was some instances when you look at it, there's a lot of options. Even the previous year, you know, we had discussed trying to go up to get a couple players. It didn't end up working out, but it certainly felt weird. You know, my wife, we've been together for a long time, been married for, you know, a couple years and you look at it and she's, I'm going to the draft on Thursday. She's like, you know, what the hell are you doing? You know, there, there's actually picks this night.


So it was the first time we've had to work on a Thursday night of the draft and Yeah. It felt weird. Yeah. You were used to just like setting up next to your pool. Did I remember they showed your house was in 2020. Yeah. Yeah. And you were just like chilling on night one nice Little vacation, chilling there, just chilling. You know, it wasn't kingsbury's setup, but it was close. Now you do look like you've been in, you're in good shape right now. What are you doing? What are you benching? Well, you know, I'm not benching. I don't, I don't know a lot of body weight. You know, running a little bit more better. You kind Of better. You're borderline a thirst track. Have you posted pictures of yourself without your shirt on him? Only to my wife. Okay. You know, you're Hot body Guy. I appreciate that man. You know, I've been, I've been working out with Cooper and Pukas trainer. Okay.


He does a great job. And you know, staying away from the carbs. Smart. A little minimizing on my guess. Smart. Yeah. Yeah. Smart. And the and the facial hair looks good. Facial hair looks great. I'm embarrassed to admit I had to get PRP for that. Did You? Oh, It's, hey, it looks a little fuller. You know, I was stressed. My beard. I mean I was getting, I don't know, If you wanna say alopecia, but it was getting thin. Yeah. You got shots in your face. Absolutely did. Okay. You know what's here? So here's how it started though. I gotta get that. I'll give you this. This is how it started. I'm so LA now. So a couple years ago at the draft house, they got this over the top shot. You go back to the year that Pukka KU has drafted. They wanna show this. They're showing these, we're talking about the vision for Puka. All that stuff.


You know, I'm just, you know, selfishly looking at my hairline, like what the fuck is going on? Yeah. That's what you find out. Yeah. All I'm seeing is bald. You know. And actually Raheem Morris's daughter, Malia, she always used to say, you are balding. And I thought she was just joking with me. So I told my wife, I said, why didn't you tell me? I'm actually going bald in the back of my head. Looked terrible. So I started getting PRP shots there. Smart starting to come in. You know, I've, I'm feeling good about that. And I said, why the hell not the beer? Yeah. You know, and you, you believe, are you just saying that? Or you think No, Listen, It does look good. If He's gonna get this, he, I he's probably gonna Google it right After. It is. Yeah. Its a pleasure paying when you do it. So I got it like four years ago.


Yeah. And it bought me a couple years, but now it's going again. So, so You did the P-R-P-I-I did it on the top of my head. Yeah. It bought me a couple years. Lemme lemme see. Oh no, it's bad now. It's, it's a disaster back there. Right now's It's not great. But yeah, the pr it hurts when they put It in. No lady said though, you know, if you're the healthier you are and If you still have some hair growth, the more likely it is to actually work. I'm super healthy. You are healthy. That's why I worked for a couple years. So, so the facial hair, no. Yeah. I mean we, we've given you a little shit sometimes. You've gone pretty boy, I remember we saw you in Indianapolis a Few years ago. What was, what did you say in seven? I can't remember. You cannot, cannot remember. Was why are you guys giving shit? I remember what it was. It was so when you, when you first came on the scene, it, it looked like you spent a lot of time lining it up just perfectly.


Yeah. And we were like, he spends too much time on the facial hair. It, it needs to be like a little bit more jagged. He cares too much about the facial hair. And you saw us at the combine. That's not exactly what you said, but Those are my, I said a good line. Those we have, I forget. Yeah. Those are our Favorite. You guys have to be careful in what you say now too. No, we can say whatever the hell we want your Shot. We still talk a lot of shit about behind your back. We, That's all A great let's to it now. It was A great moment for us. 'cause we're like, wait, Sean McVay, like listen to us. Give him shit about his facial hair. That Box. A i I can admit I'm a fan. I love It. Do you? It Looks good. The hair looks good too. What kind, did you switch your product recently? No. You know what, it's, it's same product as, as as normal. Yeah. Maybe it's a little fresher since I just got off the field.


Wanted to make sure it's freshened up. Yeah, That's good. Do you wanna do some of the, whenever someone interviews you, they do like, hey, week 10. Oh no, I got one for you. Okay. No, see like here's the thing. I will preface with that. Okay. That has gotten way blown outta proportion. It's one of those deals where when you go back through stuff you remember it. But like I don't, I don't have that recall like I used to. Okay. Well I got one that I think's gonna stump you. Okay, good. Okay. I believe it. Okay. Fourth and 14, 4 40 left in the game at Detroit playoff game. Yeah. What, what would, what, what offensive play did you call? Yeah, you know what?


I didn't unfortunately, I'm upset that there wasn't a call on the previous play. Hey, I'll be honest. You gotta go for that. You know what? You're right. Yeah. And you know what I should have done too? I think I should have called the third down differently. Yeah. To give us a better chance. I I did not like the way I did that and I would do it Differently was incredible playoff game. Here's, it was an incredible playoff game. But I, I look at it and I'm being dead ass serious about this too. Some of the red zone sequencing, you know, 'cause I thought defensively we settled in, they got going, they came out hot offensively and we were kind of matching 'em with the, with our offense. But then I thought defensively we slowed him down. We had a chance we're removing the football. We had some possessions that we didn't come away with points that we really should have.


But that stings and and I'll tell you why. And I'm not afraid to admit I would do that differently. Yeah. I would've called probably the sequence leading up to that differently. Whether it works out or goes down the way we want, I don't know. But I think to take the ball outta Matthew's hands and to then sit there and because of some of the timeouts different things, to not give him another op at the ball of shame on me for that from A fan's perspective. It was such an awesome game. Yeah. 'cause that building was on fire. It was the loudest that I'm telling you it crazy. So I thought the loudest place I'd ever, you know, been a part of coaching wise NFC championship 2018 New Orleans we're getting ready to go out. Alright. We tested, we had been there earlier in the season. It was rocking. And I remember it was so loud you couldn't even hear anything.


Goff's mic went out right before he is got the backup helmet on. You're like, what the hell's going on? But they did a genius thing. I remember they showed, you know, Robert Woods had been interviewed during the week and they said, alright, what, you know, do you think the noise is gonna be a factor? And Robert's kind of on my shoulder and he answers it exactly like what you would want 'em to. He is like, no, you know, we're gonna handle, you know, handle it with poise. It's not gonna be a factor. Well they show this shit during a TV timeout. Genius. Yeah. And then the fan and he and the fan just start screaming at look. Oh, why the hell did you say that? But that was the loudest by far in Detroit was way louder. Yeah. Yeah. And it was just like, it was everything you wanted to play off. It was, It was a sick atmosphere. I mean like credit to Detroit. And I'm telling you my dad loved it.


They were already out on the field. I came out like 60 minutes before kickoff. The stands are full. My dad said, I heard these guy, these people booing their ass off at somebody. I watch you walking out. He was laughing. So funny. Everybody's booing talking to me. It was, it was great. I loved it. Yeah. And that was the, that was why we were frustrated. 'cause we were like, this is gonna be one of those classic finishes where they're going back and forth And I ruined it for you. And then they just run out the clock. Yeah. But that's okay. You got, now you have a in-game coordinator. Right? We do. You know what? So What does that, what, what exactly does that guy do? 'cause you, you hired someone who's gonna help you. Is he just guy? We've, We've had guys do that before. So it's John Stryker, he's been in Tennessee. I think RAs and those guys, the last handful, four years, did as good a job of understanding the nuances of rules.


Yeah. Clock management, timeout usage. And that's something that, shoot, I gotta be better at. Yeah. And to be able to have somebody that you lean on now, hey, the, ultimately it still is my responsibility to improve, but to have somebody that's charged with that task, he's a stud. I think he's gonna really, you know, be beneficial to Us. So does he come up to you like just every few minutes being like, Hey, here's what we got timeouts left. What Wanna use? Yeah. He'll be on the headset and you know, there's a dialogue that's a free flowing dialogue throughout the course of the game with really your coaches. But, you know, possible four down scenario or all right, this is, this might be something where if we get to this, let's go for it and if there's a flexibility and a fluidity to the flow of the game. But the main thing is, is I've done a poor job, especially as it relates to that Big, Cat is burning timeouts in the second half.


I mean, we had two games last year where we were saying against Pittsburgh and against Detroit, where, you know, does it change the outcome of the game? Who knows? But at least we have a chance to possibly get a possession back. Right. Or, you know, be able to use that to our right. We've been saying for years that like teams should have a coach that just plays video games that just plays Madden all the time. And if they play Madden all the time, then they understand better than anyone else. Those end of game, end of quarter, end of half scenarios. When it comes to timeouts. Does he play a lot of video games? No, he does not play video games. He does He Start, he's, I don't know if Madden's gonna simulate the end of game situation. It does. Does does it? Yeah, it does. Give an example how the Pressure, the pressure of playing Madden Now, the new college football game, the stadium Pulse place is going crazier.


Your controller is vibrating a little bit. Yeah, it sounds real. Feels just like the real thing. Here's you also have to understand from a fan's perspective, like, we sit on the couch, we're dumb, we don't know know football, we can't be like Sean McVay. Oh, he should have called a different route for his tight end on that last play. But we do know a, he shouldn't have used your time out there. That's what we can complain about. We can't agree with that. Yeah, I can agree with that. That's All we have. It's not crazy. We're Just like off He used timeout. I wouldn't, it's like all the answers and no accountability. Right. Exactly. That's what we specialize in. But you know what Though? You get It. I never would've done that. There will be some times where I might, you know, say, you know, I'd see it differently. That one shouldn't have punted away on fourth and 14. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe in a few years. You know, I, I don't know how long you're gonna be, has you Ever seen the movie Anger Management?


Yeah. Yeah. You know the early parts of it when you know, he's like, I thought we said we weren't gonna listen to the game. Yeah. Iverson miss a layup, you know, and you gotta dunk. Ditch that. That's how I feel about, you know, Not going forward on The force. We'll give him another hypothetical to keep his mind sharp. So I I If you have another hypothetical. I actually was gonna ask him that. That same hypothetical one. Oh, okay. Well I was thinking the the one So You were gonna do that too, If, You didn't I was, yeah, I had, I had that as a question, but yeah, there's another one. If you're, if you're in the NFC championship game hypothetically, and it is fourth and what is it? Eight, fourth and eighth. Fourth and Fourth. And goal from the eight, fourth And goal from the eight yard line. And you're down, Down on My buddy. And you're down by I know where you're going. Hypothetical. This is a hypothetical.


This is not happened. Okay. So it's fourth quarter. Yeah. You're fourth in goal from the eighth. Yep. You're down by what? Five? No, you, you're down by eight. Eight points. Eight points. And you're going up against the best quarterback of all time. Let's call him Tom Brady. The team, hypothetically it's Tom Brady and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. In that scenario, would you kick a field goal? Which is worth how many points is that? Three. It's worth three points. Or would you score a touchdown, which is worth six points? Six. And then you get the two go for two, Two points. Heres what I'm sitting there. As I'm watching that game, I'm sitting there riding with my buddy Matt LaFleur. Right there. Let, oh, that's, let's, let's, would that Happen? Lets, let's get the stop. Let's kick the field goal and let's win the damn thing. All That last possession were lets kick the field goal, then we'll kick another field goal.


Then we'll kick another field goal. No, I don't think I was thinking that. Okay. All right. I was, Some people might have been thinking that. That's nine points. Do Coaches get piss tested? 'cause I thought that he should have gotten one after that game. I love you. He's gonna text us after this. 'cause he, we bring this up. Remember when I had you come up to him at, at Indianapolis? Yes. Yeah. Yes. That's my guy though. You know what though? Here's what I will say. In all, in all, when you look at it, especially like going into year eight, it's amazing the amount of situations you go through where you're saying it seems so clear and man, that 42nd clock goes real freaking quick. Yeah. Yeah. And if you're coming out of a timeout and it's 25 seconds and such a big deal of is learning from some of your mistakes or things If, you would do it differently.


I don't know that there's as clear cut of a right or wrong answer as what we're talking about with me. And I actually do mean that just based on the flow of the game and where they were going and, and how their defense was playing at that point in time. But That's where I hit in the video game. That's where I hit the start menu. Yeah. So you don't have to burn a time out. So how would let stop playing for a little bit. So how would you guys have played third and eight to fourth and eight Third Eight and eight to fourth and eight. Yeah. I I probably would've run the ball. Yeah. Run the ball in third down. Yeah. Make it manageable. And I I I, you know what? I can't say that I, I don't think that's a sound thought process. Yeah. That's what I, I know Army does that Well, they run the ball anyways, but they, when they, when they plan out their scenarios, they just anticipate, okay, we're gonna go four and fourth down. Yeah. Like almost every time.


Yeah. So we treat it like it's first and eight every time. That's How a lot of these teams do, handle it. If you know, you're gonna get to a certain thing so you can play some percentages, do it a little bit differently. Yeah. I mean, you hit the nail on the head. We, we have zero accountability for anything. So we do get to feel smart Yeah. When, when we come out on the right side of it. But nothing gets me more upset as a fan than when if a coach makes a mistake and then they just dig in on it afterwards. Yeah. And they don't admit that it was a mistake. And I don't get, they don't learn from from it. So there are probably a lot of Rams fans listening right now. They're like, well at least you know. No, you took accountability right away. Yeah. At least he's moving forward. Yeah. No, you know what though? If we tell our players that, like, you know, all kidding aside, if we're saying, all right, let's have accountability be one of the most important things, and it's hard for us to move on if we can't acknowledge like, all right.


Where we're wrong. Right. And let's be, let's be selfless and secure enough to be able to admit that. And if I'm asking something of our players, then I better be willing to do it. And then there are some times when you say some things didn't go down, but was the thought process sound. Yeah. And usually when I get the most, you know, when I get mad at myself or when you're saying, alright, you didn't either, either think about this beforehand, you didn't play it right in terms of the sequencing of what led up to that fort down. Or sometimes it doesn't go down for you. Like there was some play calls like in the Super Bowl drive, the one play that Stafford No. Looks that was a terrible play. Call it, it was it Up. Yeah. But I mean, That's at the worst coverage ever. He no looks a hook defender dropping right off into that zone.


He has enough feel for the backside player and it's a 20 plus yard gain. Yeah. You know, and then on the flip side you're saying, all right, fourth and one, we go forward on the jet sweep cup makes a great run. Well, if he trips, is it a bad call? No, I don't think so. Right. Yeah. You know, and so that's where you have to be honest with yourself. And it's hard because there's stakes at hand and it's so public. Right? Yeah. You have to be able to make sure that, you know, you're fair about that not results. Yeah. And, but it's also like, all right, let's make sure that you know, what led to it and, and it, and it goes both ways, right? Like if it works out, you still have to acknowledge even though it doesn't sting as much right. That that shit wasn't sound. Right. Yeah. So in, in the fourth quarter of the Super Bowl, I have to imagine you're talking about like the adrenaline earlier. Yeah. How did that affect you?


Like were you actually feeling, was the heart rate up? Were you feeling different? Were you trying to actively calm yourself down? Yeah, You know what, I would say this because I handled the 18 Super Bowls so poorly and really it was such a blur. Like I, I mean honestly I think the games that are the clearest, you know, and it's all mental for us as coaches are when you are just there, you're seeing the game, you're able to make adjustments, you're able to communicate clearly to your players. You're getting to stuff if things go a little bit different than what was expected. And even though early on we kind of saw it, it was just such a blur where it just went, it, it was, you know, whether you wanna say I wasn't doing a good enough job, so I wanted to make sure you say, just try to be in the moment, don't make some of the same mistakes twice.


And there was an element our defense was playing so well, you know, we obviously had some injuries losing Odell, you know, even Van Jefferson was banged up at that point. But I thought our guys stayed the course, the defense gave us an opportunity. And then when we had to have it, I felt like our guys did an excellent job executing. And I did think there was at least some clarity of thought, even though all the play calls weren't exactly what you would want. So I actually had this question, the 18 Super Bowl you've talked about like, Hey, that was my first Super Bowl. Yeah. It didn't go well. I could have done a better job. Did winning the Super Bowl in 21 kind of take a little bit of that sting away? Or is it something that you still are like, man, I let that one Go. It's funny. You know, I'll still always feel like I let guys down that had an opportunity.


You know, the John Sullivans of the world, the coaches that were there, you know, even, you know, you wanna win that so bad for your players. Todd Gurley's, you know, Michael bro, Michael Brocker. There was a lot of special guys that were a part of that football team. And I felt very responsible for that. But I think you wanna always channel things the right way. And here's what I will say to that, you know, in the 21 season it was cool because there was so many guys that you wanted it for even more than yourself. And, and there was a clarity and there was a purity in that journey. And I think the adversity we faced where there was real grit that had to be established wasn't something that you can fake. And when you have a lot of guys that it meant something to 'em. But they didn't wanna let each other down. Whether it was people for Aaron, people for Whitworth, Eric Weddle, Jalen Ramsey, Yvonne Odell, Matthew Cooper, the Rob Haven, steins, you know, even though Higby wasn't able to play, there was a lot of special guys that were a part of it.


And so, you know, that was cool. It, I don't know if they'd say it took the sting away 'cause there were still other people that Yeah, you feel responsible for. but it definitely was a lot of learning lessons because in some ways too, it was a cool thing. And then afterwards you start, you know, buying into your own stuff a little bit and you get away from the stuff that you know, that is when you're at your best for these guys. So After you win the Super Bowl, there was that period of time where people were like, Sean McVay might retire. Yeah. Take a walk away from football for a little bit. How close were you to actually walking away? Yeah, because it felt like it was close at some Points. You know, it's funny, I think the lies I told myself were, once we'd win it, then I'd be happy. And that's something that I'd always had interest in.


And then there was some real opportunities, you know, with, with real, you know, opportunities to, you know, have financial rewards and things like that. What I didn't wanna do is disingenuously lead people down a path. If I really knew, I kind of still wanted to coach, but, you know, I don't know, it was such a blur. I never really, it never got close. Like I never took the meeting. You know, there was, there was people that I work with, you know, had conversations and pre dialogue about what it would look like, but I didn't wanna lead people on, especially if that's something way down the line Right. That you're interested in doing. So it never got serious. But then you start, you know, it, it, it does get, it does catch up to you a little bit. If you lose the perspective. And there was definitely some times I did, and then I think it got exposed by some of the results we had in 22.


Yeah. And that's real. Well, we're happy you stayed in football. Yeah. And I love it. Now you in football. Well, I appreciate that. And here's the thing too. I would drive my wife crazy if I was around at home too much. I mean, she loves me, but, you know, I know she's ready when these breaks come back. I think my little man gave me a different perspective. Congratulations, By the way. Yeah. Appreciate that. Yeah. How is it being a dad? It's the best thing ever. It really is. I mean, and now he's getting to that age where he can recognize you. He's got a personality, smiling, he's doing a bunch of cool stuff. And so it does give you that purpose and perspective having the family that I have. But I do love coaching. Yeah. You know, there's so many things about it that, that you love when you have the right head space. And you know, I'm hopeful to do this for a lot longer and, and for a really long period of time.


And, and then down the road, if, if that opportunity presents itself. But hopefully they'll have to kick me outta here. Yeah. Wait, How old is your son now? Two, My son is, no, shoot, he's, he's nine months. Okay. Nine months. Okay. Yeah. Starting to smile a little. He's smiling a little better. He's, he's, he's getting around the house. He's flying around in his walker and, you know, he's always jumping, man. He's, he's a little, he's, he's crazy though. He doesn't like, That's the age where dead. They're trying to just kill themselves by going upstairs all the time. It's wild. You can't take your eye off. Yeah. Are You let him play football If he wants to? Oh Yeah. Nice, nice. Absolutely. Good answer. So I feel like you love the, the chess match. Yeah. That's inherent in football. The pre-planning, watching it pan out. Do you ever call plays knowing that they're not gonna work to set something up for later?


That's a good question. I wouldn't say knowing that they're not gonna work, but even if I don't think it has a great chance for success, but you still wanna have an efficient play if it can pay dividends. There's been some opportunities where you're saying, all right, let me get this play off because I think it's really gonna open up something later on. But there's usually a little bit more luxury based on if you're in a rhythm, you're getting plays off, you can only sequence a game the way you want when you're able to get opportunities to do that. Present things. If you're going three and out, it's hard to get into any sort of rhythm, whether it's offensively or even as a play caller. But I wouldn't say intentionally not to work. But If you feel like, all right, this is to set something up that you feel like definitely has a great chance to relate, you know, end up, you know, resulting in a big play.


At what point this season, are you going to text Aaron Donald and be like, come on dude, Tomorrow. Yeah. Has that happened yet? Here, let, let's put it this way. I talked to Aaron pretty frequently. He texted me the other day asking about the Chargers practice next week. I wanna say, what, what you thinking about man? Yeah. You know, if he wants to the door and the invitation is open. Oh, well That's very gracious of it. You Think you could still Play no shit. Right. Here's the thing though, and I think you guys would, would understand this. If there's a man of man of men, it's a donna. Yes. Right? Yes. When he looks you in the eye and you understand what he's about and what he puts into it, and he says, Hey, I'm going to, I, I feel full.


I feel complete. I'm putting everything I can into this. Then you let him say, if there ever is a situation where he gets that itch. But I got too much respect for him, honestly, to, to ask him about it. And I think he kind of understands, but I don't think there's any chance. I think when you talk about a complete and a full resume and where he is at in this part of his life, he's earned the right to say, I can walk away with no regrets. And even though I could still play at the upper echelon of this league, I got four beautiful kids, a wife, I got business ventures, and he's set and he's got some other interests too. Yeah. He's got a Superbowl ring. He's financially taken care of. Feel like it's probably pretty nice this time of year for him not to have to go to camp. Yeah. But you just Keep texting him. But yeah, just You miss it. Like, listen, Aaron, you, you can, you don't even have to practice.


I know, right? How about that? You just offer him no camp. You don't have to show up every week. Every time he didn't come to camp, he won defensive player of the year. Yeah. So there you go. Go practice. The less practice the better. Yeah. Yeah. For him. Yes. Yeah. I feel like you should maybe, or for everybody consider doing that. What, what? Speaking of the defensive side of the ball. So your college best friend is now your defensive coordinator he's earned it. He's a stud. But what is that like? Is that, is it like you, you have this relationship where you guys have known each other forever. Yeah. You were friends before you got to this level. Is it, do you find yourself catching yourself at moments being like, wait, we're, we're high level coworkers here. We're not. I Think it's special because he is earned the right, you know, I think it's funny. So his dad, Dave Shula was the head coach of the Bengals when he was 32.


Obviously his, his grandfather is Don, Mike is his uncle. And you know, one of the things when we got here, you know, I've got a bunch of friends on this staff, but they've all earned the right to be here. And, you know, it's like we're not doing favors. You earned the right And oh, it's cool to be able to trust somebody. And we've been together from day one, he lived with us. You know, my first year he lived with me and my wife and then, you know, ended up, you know, moving out. But to have somebody you trust that much, he's coached on all three levels of the defense, comes from a football background. It's really special to have. And he's done a great job. I'm really confident in the leadership. We think very much alike, but what his dad said is, you know, I wish seeing what you guys have been able to do that I wasn't so worried about, you know, hiring friends if I thought they were worthy of it.


Right. 'cause you wanted to go, you wanna be careful and, and you know, and this is a high pressure business, but I wouldn't have done it. He's been ready for a while. But I think it worked itself out that with Raheem getting that opportunity that he'll go do an awesome job in Atlanta. Chris is in a position and, you know, had an open mind and let guys compete for the interview. And, and, and he earned it. And he's done a hell of a job so far. Yeah. I got a ton of confidence in him. It's, it's also gotta be hard. I mean, you, you have a incredible coaching tree at a very young age, and all the guys that feel like they come in this building and then in a year they get snatched up. Yeah. Is there a part of you that's like, man, I wish, I wish we didn't have this type of turnover, but you, you're obviously happy for 'em, but it's gotta be like, man, this keeps happening over and over.


It's not ideal, but you know what? It keeps you fresh. Like, it, it attracts high level people. Yeah. And I think about this, I was so lucky and I was 30 years old when I got this opportunity. And, and it's not just me. These guys are contributing to me. I'm learning from these guys that have been through here and then they go on and they put their own spin on it. But things have been good because you have guys like Raheem Morris, Kevin O'Connell, Zach Taylor, Matt LeFleur, Staleys of the world, Shane Waldron. You know, you get a lot of guys that have gone on Jed Fish, you know, a lot of great coaches that have gone on. Liam Coleman, Zach Robinson now, or ocs. And so they've all been a part of good things here. And if there's not an opportunity based on, you know, what their chances are to elevate themselves, then I think that's the best thing ever.


Yeah. Yeah. And does it make it harder? Yeah. But you know what it does too. It keeps you fresh every year and, you know, you don't take things for granted. And I think we've gotten good at figuring that out, but it's all because of the right people that come in here too. Yeah. Yeah. If it's a good job, then good people are gonna want to have it. No doubt. And you're gonna have very talented people coming in. Yeah. I do have to, I do have to bring up one thing that I don't like about what you've done in the last year. Oh, the motivational shirts that you made. Yeah. And I saw one the other day when we were at the Yeah. Which one didn't Like short practice mentally and physically tough players who play smart and love to compete. That was an old one then If, you saw that one? That's old. Yeah. They're, they're still wearing it out there. But what was the thought process behind putting so many, so many words on a t-shirt? Well, I've learned, you know, it's a lot.


That's a lot of words, but they all actually do mean something. What don't you like about mentally and physically tough players? I like that. Okay. That would be, That would be a great T-shirt. So what about, hey, you want guys who play smart? Yes. That would be a great T-shirt too. How About you want guys who love to compete? You just made three great T-shirts. That's What we did this year. Oh, you split 'em up there. There you Go. There we go. Okay. See, see, I'm coachable too. We're best. Hey, having the paragraph totally fucking unnecessary. Yeah. It was too much reading. It looked like one of the, it's Exhausting. IIII agree. You Ever get those like auto-populated ads that are served to you that show like, very specifically, like what, what sign you are in, in the horoscope and like what job you have. It's like on Facebook, they know who you are. No. So they try to send you these shirts that have like, he's not on nineties degrees.


Yeah, I can imagine. And I tend to agree with you that that's an old shirt. You would never see something like that. Now, great job. You see, simple, crisp to the point. Yes. Great job. This model The way Yes. This year we're going forward on fourth and 14, we're making three different T-shirts. Yeah. That's, I I like that evolution. I think you're, that perhaps you're, you're a smart guy. I had, I had a question for you kind of along the lines of what Big Cat earlier to test the memory, but it's not about a play. Yeah. We, we do this game a lot with different players, different coaches that we have on How many Johnsons have you ever coached? Hmm. As a head coach? Just on the Rams? Do You actually know the answer? I've got a list of Rams players named Johnson here. So we can go through the list. So, Since 2017.


Since 2017, how many Johnsons have you played with? If I had to guess how many Johnsons I've coached or played with? Oh, sorry. Sorry. Played With coach. How many Johnsons, how many have you played with Johnsons? Have you watched being played with? Yeah. What the hell is your question? Have The pull card. Sean McVay has played with this many jobs now. How many, how many Johnsons have, have been on the ranch? A Ram player? Well, you coached them, right? Pretty simple. How many players with the last name? Johnson name? If. you wanna Put it that way? Yes. That's a, that's an accurate restatement. I'm gonna say, golly man. Well, can you name them? Can you just name the Johnsons? Well, two guys come to mind.


John Johnson. Isaiah Johnson. All right. Tyler Johnson. Okay. How many more Do I have Like Johnsons man? Wow. It looks like there's one more. One more. All right. Gimme the side of the ball. Defense. Defense. Big D. You said Isaiah right? I did say Isaiah Johnson. I said John Johnson. I said Tyler Johnson. And I said Give it to him. Give it to him. You want it? Yeah. Yeah. You want the Johnson? Yeah, I want the Johnson give it to Him. Okay. I'll give you the Johnson. Wait, I just had a, and I lost it. Here we go. Tremaine Johnson. That is bad. That I didn't remember that.


2017. Yeah. That's bad. Yeah, sometimes you forget a Johnson when you play with 11 sometimes, Perhaps. Alright, well Uncomfortable artist is right Now. Yeah. He's looking around like, what is going on? What is here? What is he gonna say? He's gonna be looking For a new head coach tomorrow. We keep this going. Yeah. Listen, this isn't a Schrager. Sit down. Okay, well we love Schrager too.


Alright, last question brought to you by Chevy chevy.com. Chevy Silverado. Toughest truck out there. So we, we started with this, but what happened with the Super Bowl suite? We, are you gonna give us one next time you're in the Super Bowl? Well, let's understand the parameters. All right. Okay. You know, I don't think I understood the, you know, what, what are we looking for? What's something that, all right, if we get there again. What, what's a, okay, now here's the thing too. You guys don't need It? No, no. I'm Asking you guys for freaking tickets. Right, right. Alright, so here's what, here's, I'll make a deal with you. Okay? No Super Bowl suite. I just want to be able to call one play. And I have the play for, we Have the dialogue. I can't promise one. It'll come up. But you, You wanna play. As long As I think that we agree, it's a reasonable decision. Ready for this play? Yeah. Fake punt. Punt. I'm fucking confused. Okay. You snapped the ball. Okay. To the fullback or someone standing about five yards behind the center. No, I know, but why? And then he, and then Pun already criticizing me for punting it on fort down pun. I understand. But no one expects the fake punt. Punt. 'cause they say, oh, fake punt. Then he lateral pun or then he punts Said, when are we doing this? Second down? Why would we just give away a possession? It's just, it will fuck everyone up. They won. Sometimes you gotta fuck people Up. You know what? Sometimes you gotta shut the fuck up. Fair, fair. Make him Think you're crazy. Yeah. Just be like, this guy's lost his mind. Turner's gonna like come up and he's gonna try to tackle the fullback. Pass it back to the punter, kicks it, pins him deep at the one, then you get A safety. Yeah. Okay. All right. I lost my play calling privileges. Well, coach, What would you say if someone actually did that? I'd be like, fake pun punt. It's asking for years. You Would, what if the bears do that in a one possession game with three minutes left, they're Down. Did it work? Did It work? Well? I mean, it pins 'em deep, but then they never see the ball again. Pun pun. The fake pun. Punt Pun punt is not what you're like, pun. I would, I honestly, I think I'd die with the fake pun. Punt. I'd be like, that was sick. Stubborn. I appreciate it. I could see Iowa actually doing that. Yeah. Fake pun Punt. That would, that would not shock her. And They'd, they'd, they'd find a way to come away with the dub. Yeah, it Would, yeah. No one's ever expected the fake punt. Punt. Someone's gonna do it sometimes. And I think that the other coach was insane. I'd be afraid of them. Yeah, that's what I would say. I would be like, that's Yeah. Be concerning. Yeah. Yeah. Well, coach, we really appreciate it. We love having you on the show, being a recurring guest. We're rooting for you. Appreciate you guys having me on, man. Best of luck this year. We're best of you guys too. We're Happy you stayed in football. Yes. Yeah. No, I am too, man. It's good to see you guys again. It's been a while. Yes, coach. Hey, how was the hardball interview? Oh, He, he was great. He, he was awesome. Wasn't awesome guy. You're talking chicken and bees. Yeah. We can Eat chicken again. We can eat chicken again. He gave us permission and he invented a rivalry trophy. Yeah. Did that was pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. He's the man. Yeah. He's, oh, I have one last, last, last question. Yeah. Would you coach us soccer? How long do you think it would take for you to become like an excellent soccer coach? Oh, I got a lot of, here's what I arsenal. So I've had some interactions with Mikel Orta. I tell you what, I played soccer when I was growing up. The, the technician, the, the tactical approach. Unbelievable. No way. Those guys do a great job. But I'd work my ass off to figure it out. Like Ted Lasso. Yeah. Yeah. I think you could do it. I think if we gave, I like it. If we gave you like five months, you'd be better than Greg or whatever his name was. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You would. Hey. It's, it's hard. Coaching is hard. Yeah. All right. Thanks coach. Thanks fellas. That interview was presented by our good friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because, for part of my take, there's only one pickup truck. It's the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner, their partner that we depend on, their partner that you can depend on. We've all spent time driving using the Silverado. We drove it back actually from the interview at the Rams facility today. We drove it down the coast. It was a wonderful ride. Was plenty of room for everybody. Great tunes, great stereo, easy ride. Had all the chargers. Were boys, were amped up on our juice on our phones. By the time we got back Chevy Silverado made it a sweet ride. Chevy has teamed up with us in the past. They helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio last year in Grit Week. And they sponsor the Low Man Award every year. The low man trophy that we hand out to college. Fullbacks Chevy does it all. And they're great partners with us. They bring the grit, legendary grit. It's paired with modern truck tech inside and out. They've got massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. They've got four different powertrain choices and the available Multiflex tailgate so you can work and play smarter, not harder. Head over to chevy.com. Build your own Silverado. Check out the current offers on the Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado


Fire Fest is presented by our great friends at Mountain Dew. I've got my Mountain Dew right here. A little 20 ounce gonna So good. Open it up. Oh yeah. So cold. And it's cold too. This is a great Mountain Dew. So refreshing. I love Mountain Dew. You know, lemme get a whack of that. You want whack of it? Yeah. Lemme get a whack of that. Here you go. Whack up. You know what we all need to get more of off of our ass with bold flavors and a refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew will get you off your ass and have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain. I love this original Mountain Dew. It's tough to beat the original Mountain Dew Little MD action. Especially outta the fountain. Outta the can. Outta the bottle. Any anyway Slice. It's good. I love Code Red. I remember when Code Red came out blew my mind. Yes. I didn't know it was possible to make Mountain Dew red. They have Baja Blast, which we all know is a treat. It's all good with Mountain Dew If. you drink it. You feel like you're on an actual mountain. A mountain where the weather's always perfect. Your friends are ready to hang. And a day of epic proportions awaits. You know what? We had Mountain Dew after we got done surfing. Yep. When we were in California. I think we had it before we surfed. Yep. I think it was our pres surf meal. We had it, we did the dew. Then afterwards we recharged with more Dew and we had it before a workout at USC with Coach Muss had some afterwards. Mountain Dew fueled us on Grit Week. I love Mountain Dew. Love drinking it. The mountain's calling. You should answer. Grab your friends. Grab an ice cold Mountain Dew, wherever refreshing beverages are sold. And do the dew. And now here's Fire Fest of the week.


Okay, let's wrap up. Grit Week. A great grit week with our fire fest of the week. Henry. I feel like this was a, a, a fire fest. IRE It was a it was a great week. I love Grit week. I love la I had a great time. Yeah. You Wanna move here? Like, if Hank Told, I mean, I was, I have like four fire fest. One of 'em was, every time we come to LA or California, Hank just says, I wanna move here so bad. And I hate you guys. Yeah. Not the latter last. Well, No, I mean, you wanna move away from us. It's, it hurts every time. But that ha Like, we came here when I was 20. What did I say? Like, we, we've, we've come here over few years. Oh No, I, I know you've been hurting my feelings for over a decade now.


Yeah. Hank will let you know that he, before we moved to New York, I was like, we should move to California. Before we moved to Chicago, I was like, we should move to California. I'll never stop. I don't think you've made it very, and every time I come back it kinda reinforces it. You've made It very clear that you don't want to be with us. Yeah. And that's Okay. It hurts. I've always wanted to live in California. Yeah. With none of your friends. I have friends here. I was born here. Oh, he wants all the boys. He wants all the boys in California. Yeah. I wanted to, I wanted to be in California with my bros, which is what we did this week. Which is why it was a great week. Yeah. We, we had active mornings. We did fun stuff. We did fun interviews. Good food. No, so nothing bad. You got enough naps in. So Yeah. You were good all week. Hank Wouldn't your fire fest be that you're about to go back to Chicago and you're just gonna be thinking about California In your ne you'll never be near a beach or water ever again.


No. I like, I like Chicago too. It's all good. It's all good things. It's been a good week. I, I don't like, is there something bad I'm forgetting about? No, no. You've been to pleasure to be around. You've been Fun. Yeah. Yeah. I've had a fun time being around you. Me too. Every minute. Well wait. Me too. I've had fun being around you guys too. Like, I, I like being outta the office. Less corporate nonsense. Less meetings. There's just bros. Yeah, bros on the road. A lot of corporate nonsense meetings. The summer games. I actually wish that we were there for the summer games. That looked like fun. Well, We got camp bars still coming up. Camp Bars still coming up. That's facts. I just like being, you know, it's, we have more fun when we're on the road fast. Yeah. No, we've had a great time. We've had, we've had some, what, what was that?


What was that, max? Well, I mean, this is Hank just for Yeah. I mean, it's a lot of work, But we've had, our fights have been very fun jovial fights this week. Is Hank, is Hank gaslighting? It? Is that what you're saying? No, it's just Hank, Hank forgets the, The No. Well, that's part of it. That's a fact. And I, I mean, I was in your guys' shoes for, for five years. It's not as fun, you know? Oh yeah. Doing what you guys do. Yeah. But I used to have to do that. And now it also puts in perspective, and I don't have to do it, that it's like, it is just Shout, chill, shout out to boys on Tuesday night. All the behind the scenes boys and Max who's both behind the scenes and on scenes or in front of the camera. They, I think they all slept like one hour. Yeah. And I know people are like, where's the podcast?


Where's the podcast? And I know that's a running joke, but they're always getting the podcast up. Yeah. It was a late night. And there, I mean, shout out pug edited through through an earthquake. Yeah. Maybe that's a fire fest. I didn't feel the earthquake. That was one of mine. Big fire fest. He said, I was really upset. If you're gonna be in an earthquake, you wanna feel the earthquake. Yeah. But the gr thing, back to grit, week one when it was like we had to drive the bus clean, the bus set up. Like we had one person. That's facts so sucked. There was, there was about, so I'd Say like Grit, 40 Hours Perspective this week where the bus smelled like absolute piss. Yeah. Yep. I don't know what that was. Was that, I think it was Piss Huey made a face His bus life. Huey made a I Huey I wasn't gonna say anything. You made a face like a No, I, it, it just smelled bad and it was had nothing to do with me.


Okay. Okay. Sounds Very suspect. Memes, If. you saw his face on that camera? It, it made me think. No, I I think it was the bus driver. Oh. The one who's not here to Defend himself. Shout out to Charlie. Charlie. He was great. Shout out to Utah. But yeah. The one who's not here to defend himself, Utah. Number two. Yeah. He's from Utah for those one. Oh, okay. Yeah. This is his experience. Yeah, that's, It did smell. I I did find some Febreze and that helped. Appreciate that. Thank you John. It smells great on here. Now It Does it. Yeah, it does It. Yeah, It Doesn't. Okay. Alright. PFT.


He, he is like a press conference after like he just blew a game. Yeah. Like Huey under the mic. Okay. Hey, he did great. Huey PFT. I got, I got a few of them. I guess. Funniest moment of the week is probably Huey. I don't know if we're not probably. I'm We gotta bring that up. I want see, I want, no, I want to see. Well, no, we have two funny Huey moments. One we'll save for next week. But the other one I wanna see if he's gonna use his fire fest. If he doesn't I'm gonna say it. I won't say it as my fire fest. I'm assuming. I don't know If. you know what I'm talking about. Alright, let's go. Let's, here you go next. Alright. Huey, you go. Does this audio sound bad when we do this?


No. Okay. Good Shout Jonah too. Our sound guy who always comes in on best trips. Best. The best. He's the best, the best. Just listen to us. Was bitched at each other for Yeah. Five days, days. He just sits there and giggles. Jonah could write a great like tell all article and just being like, this is what these guys really are like. They are the same on the show as they are in real person. They're just always bickering and making jokes at each other's expenses. But Jonah, you Won't, you won't write a tell all novel. Right? I I I actually record. I actually wouldn't mind If, you wrote an article just for us. Just like, this is what I think you ever Thought about, you ever thought about blogging, Jonah? I haven't. No.


Jonah, what do you think, Jonah? Good answer. Jonah. What do you think when you just watch us in our, like we're just all making fun of each other kind of fighting. Like, are you ever, like, are, do these guys even like each other? No, it's very much friendly. Yeah. You know, entertaining Because it is pretty much we do the show when we're not doing the show. Yeah. Well shout out Jonah Jonah's the man. Thanks. Okay. Huey, back to you, buddy. Yeah, my fire fest sweating. Oh, Okay. Can't stop it. Yeah. Yeah. I, after the, the great time with Must the other day we, I took a shower, a cold shower didn't help.


Yeah. Still sweating. It Was a hot gym. It was a two hour gap in between the shower and the meet and greet. Still sweater. Yeah. And I think the meet and greet made me nervous. Didn't wanna fuck up any pictures, you know, wanted to be nice to everybody. It was a tight, narrow area. So I, you know, trying to maneuver and I think, I just think I got hot. Yeah. And it was, yeah. So I, and I hands, I have not been, I mean, hands are just been lit up. They're just wet all the time. They're just Yeah. The wettest hands in the world. Oh, I feel so bad for, for a friend. I don't know if I, Mr. Relo. Yeah. I mean, when I shook his hand it was, it was bad. It was wet and he, I mean, it was a blatant wipe off and I couldn't, couldn't say no.


Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I, that wasn't what I was gonna say. What your fire re was. I thought what your fire fest was gonna be on all the way back to Sunday when we were at Chargers camp and we finished taping with Coach Jim Harbaugh. Yeah. And you're a big Michigan fan. Yeah. And coach turned and pointed at you and he said, what did this guy win a contest or something? Yeah, Yeah. He's like, how'd you get here? Yeah. I got, I got that vibe. Yeah, no, No, he said that. Yeah, I realized that and then it, it hit me a, a couple, about an hour later is when I realized, oh, that didn't sound good.


That didn't sound good. In a way you kind of did win a contest. Yeah. And, And it was like my first day on like a, an an actual like shoot like that. So I really didn't know what the hell to do and where to go. So I looked like a, a fool. Yeah. And so, yeah, I mean I was, I was just kind of a Yeah, I was, I I mean I, I'm gonna be honest with you, I think he thought I was from like a Make-A-Wish or something. Yeah, no, that he, that's Exactly, Exactly what he win a contest or Something. Yeah. Like, so that's, that's rough. But he But you got your picture. Yeah. He, and then we were like, no, he is our intern. He's like, that's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. And he's a cool guy, you know, we'll meet him again, you know. Yeah. He won't be the end of me. The Paths will cross.


Yeah. So, yeah. He'll be all right. But yeah, no, it was that one definitely. I I, I sat in my bed that night thinking, oh fuck that fucked that one up. Huh? I'd love to see you Huey like later on at night, put his head on his pillow. He is like, oh shit. Oh, do like, like the silla thing. I regret it. I regret voting for Angel Reese for Oh yeah. That didn't go well. Yeah. 'cause I was like, it's clearly Caitlyn. I mean, she's averaging like 20 and 10. I'm like, I, I panicked. Yeah, I Panicked. That's okay. That's alright. You're doing a good job. Hug. Spoiler. Or not a spoiler. Yeah, that's okay. That's a little tease, tease, tease. You're doing a great job, Huey. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. The Harbaugh thing is nothing compared to the Yeah. We'll tell that on Monday. That'll Be Oh, it's So good. Yeah. I wish we had that on film, But we will.


I'm so pissed that we did that. We Did. We'll have a good laugh. Yeah. Yeah. That was a good one today. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. That was the most nervous. I think I was the whole week. Which is crazy 'cause you've been nervous all week. All new week. Oh yeah, yeah. No, today was, I'll say who it is. No, I won't, but, oh boy. Yeah. Oh boy. Okay. Bitty dipty Memes. I've never seen memes laugh like this. Huey, how do you spell that? Well, HI bibi. I-D-Y-D-I-B-B. Can I get the language of origin please? Yes. Huey, IDY.


Yes, that's, that's correct. Yeah. I think You nailed it. Yeah. Yeah, Sure. It's a test. Yeah. You hate tests but you did good. Yeah. Finally About time. Alright. PFT. You're fire fest. I got, I got a few fire fest I guess. It's been a good week. Wanna I echo what Hank said. It's fun hanging out with you boys. It does kind of take me back to like the first grit week and the second grit week when we were like in a van or we were on a bus that was breaking down a lot of fun being out here on the road. And I do love you guys and I love all the awls and I tell them at the end of every episode that I love them. And yesterday I said it and then it didn't end up in the final cut. So they thought that I didn't love him. So I don't know. I think Was that Hank, were you editing Hank?


I did blame Hank on Twitter today. That's fine. Oh, that was your fire fest Hank. You didn't get included in the production picture. Oh yeah, no, that was, that was, that was funny though. Yeah. That was just banter. Yeah, That was just fucking banter. That was, that was my fault. And the backend's fault because I fixed it and then it didn't fix. Sounds like you using the backend as the fall guy here. I also might've told you when we did the UFC part that you didn't say it. You just didn't say it. The first U-F-C-U-F-C What U ffc thing that we did this week. C It's been a long week. Yeah. Yeah. Well I Said I tried to fix it and I tried to Fix it in just So the a a wls no me. I tried to fix it and it added an hour. It legitimately added an hour of me waking up or being awake that night, which put my sleep from what would've been three hours to two Hours.


No, it was, it was definitely my fault for not saying it. No. It was my fault at the end. No, it was my fault also. This my fault off. This is a good time to announce that we're gonna start releasing the video of the podcast at the exact same time every, every morning. Right. Hank what time? What Time? 7:00 AM 7:00 AM Eastern. Eastern. Eastern eastern. The podcast will come out as soon as it's ready, but it's better for the algorithm. It's also better for pug 7:00 AM Eastern. Will people Gonna be still gonna be so mad. That's Okay. I understand that people are gonna be mad. But you can listen to the podcast and it will be out at 7:00 AM Eastern Podcasts will Be out. It helps the algorithm. We appreciate everyone helping the algorithm can listen To the podcast whenever it's done. Correct.


And if you're fending for the YouTube, you can wait till 7:00 AM That's Fair. That's very fair. Yeah, that's very fair. But whatcha are you looking at Max? There's Awls that are taking a picture. I thought they were Gonna try and that's cool. I love them. Get 'em out. Shout them out. Stop. I love those guys. Shout Out. Aw l Shout out Awls. Hey. So I, I do love you despite, despite the end of yesterday's episode, other fire fest. It's been, it's been about two weeks since I've been home. I don't know if the El Camino's gonna start. I think the line on that is like plus two 50 for whether or not it starts, it's one of those things you gotta, you gotta like pump every day. That's A thrill though. It a, that's, that's gonna be a thrill tomorrow. Yeah, I think it's, I it's probably not likely to start the first time.


I don't know. She's been on a hot streak, but I miss her and I'm gonna go home and I just remember today I got a weed plant. I got a weed plant the day before I left. Nice. And I put it, I put it in my backyard. I, it's dead. Has it been raining in Chicago? I don't think so. I think it's been beautiful. No, it rained one one day, but not enough. Okay. Well does that maybe, maybe that's perfect. 'cause I'm trying to grow shitty weed Because we were, we didn't have enough guys for our softball team. We had and we had the forfeit. Okay, well maybe, maybe I'm growing like tough, shitty, resilient weed, so it might be perfect for what I'm looking for. Yeah. So the, yeah, the El Camino and then Pre-Fire Fest the air and water shows on Saturday and last year was a disaster when I misidentified the F 16.


So I haven't done any research as to what planes are flying at all. I have no idea. But I, it's a big redemption story for me on Saturday. So God willing, I'll nail it. Okay. My fire fest is, Hank hurt my feelings. I didn't feel an earthquake. You love California more than us. It's fun. You hurt my feelings. I love you more than California. I want to move Together. I love, that's how much I love you. You more than the state of California. I love you more than the state of California. But I would love to love you in the state of California. Quote card. Yeah. Shamed quote carding For this quote card. Yeah. That's A quote card. That's One of the first states where that would've been allowed.


Yeah. Alright. So yeah. I I guess my real fire fest is I I love grit week. It's always fun being on the road with the boys. We got ups and downs. Fun. I'm just, I'm, I'm feeling my age. This was the first grit week where I was feeling my age. We were doing a lot of activities and my body is not responding Well. The Yeah. The days are like 16, 16 hours long. Yeah. We, we surfed played Frisbee golf. We did a workout at USC, we did a bunch of interviews. I'm just, my bounce back is not there. So just facing that is, is tough. But I I I still love grit week.


Still fun. Also, I won't apologize for getting triggered by Caleb Williams. 'cause then after the show on Wednesday, he went viral again. 'cause he has a purse. Yeah. We, I can't believe we missed the person in real time. How long? The same exact Person. I'm gonna get the same purse and I'm gonna start carrying it around. Listen, my guard is up. The first thing I, it's like people, What if it's playbook's in there? If You're in a facility, like it's a, it's a basically backpack. I, Yeah. Basically. This is why I didn't want hard knocks. It's pretty much a suitcase. Yeah, it is. Yeah. I'm gonna get the same one and I'm gonna start carrying around a purse and I'm So you're Gonna get a purse. You're gonna paint your nails. Yeah. I'll paint my nails. Well, If we start winning football games, I'm paint my nails.


It is, it's sad that we didn't pick it up in real time though. That we didn't see it happen. Yeah, I was just thinking about his ass. Yeah. And then he HBO sle. Yeah. So. All right. Good week boys. Fun. Always love grit Week. Had a blast. Great times. We learned Hank doesn't know what color pepper jack cheese is. I still can't believe that. Alright. Should we do numbers? Oh, I guess another fire fest is Max. I didn't realize it as we did the show. You actually got the number. I know. Yeah, he did. Yeah, but it not the lottery ball get, it's not the ball. I got the number. You didn't get the ball. You got the number. It's not the lottery ball. You Got the number. The Question is, but you've never gotten the lottery ball. The question is, have you ever got the number?


No, the question is, have you ever gotten the lottery ball? No. Have you ever You The numbers? Well, I changed, I just changed the question. Okay. Yeah. Alright, so we do numbers 2228. Go. 56, 42. I mean, I already won this. So 99, 99. Three for memes. Tim, you want a number? 33. 33. Jonah? Two. Two. Okay. Shane back there? No, he's trying Lemonade. He's trying lemonade. Okay. He's Not feeling very well. 15. 15. Love you guys.


Love you guys away. I don't know what I to say or say it anyway. Today's a Monday to find you away. So I'll be coming for your love king shine away. So I'll be coming for your love. Okay. Needless to say life is okay.


Say it better to be saved than serving. Say up To me. It better to be saved than things that you.