
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today's, Pardon My Take, we have Randy Moss. Randy Moss. It's one of our favorite traditions. It is Kentucky Derby weekend. We also have our good friend Jo Kim Noah in studio talking some ball with him. Great interview as always. He's probably one of the coolest guys that we get on this show. He's the best fairly regularly. He's the best. Yeah, he just like hung out before and after the man. We're gonna talk some NBA playoffs. We are going to do some fire fest where tune into the fire fest.


Very funny Fire fest. Hank got down to his deep dark fears of Jordan and what is occurring with Bill Belichick. And


we're gonna brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Derby Week is here. Gentlemen, suit up in your sharpest ladies. Let those wide brim hats turn heads the race is on, but who will rise above the rest and be crowned king of the track? Find out on DK Horse the number one downloaded horse betting app. I actually just redeposited for the weekend on DK Horse. DraftKings is turning up the thrill with the king of the track promotion. Here's how to get in head to DK horse app. Opt in and bet $5 or more on a horse to win the Derby. If your pick crosses the finish line first you'll win a share of $1 million in prize pool. Also, on Monday we will be in Arizona for the BET Gala. So make sure you tune in. It's kind of like the MET Gala, but it's the BET Gala. It's gonna be us. It's gonna be some of our friends, some celebrity guests. We're gonna live stream Nick's Celtics game one, hopefully CAPS game one. We'll see. We'll be live streaming it from Arizona, dressed to the nines at the BET Gala with DraftKings. So who will Reign Supreme? Download the DK horse racing app and use code take. That's code take on DK Horse Bet $5 or more on a horse to win the Derby for your shot at a piece of $1 million only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER 18 and over 21 and over in certain states to open own or access in advanced deposit wagering account and resident of state where DK Horse is available. Eligibility restrictions apply void. Were prohibited. Opt in and place a $5 plus straight win bet on the Derby first eligible bet only. Must win to share $1 million Cash reward via click to claim expires in 30 days. Ends may. Third. See terms at dk horse.com/bet/offers/details.


Okay, let's go.


Hey football guy. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings who will reign Supreme. Download the DK horse racing app and use code take. That's code take on DK Horse Bet $5 or more on a horse to win the derby for your shot at a piece of $1 million only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Today is Friday, May 2nd. And bing bong hanky, bing bong Bing bong, bing bong. Hank was very upset that the Knicks won the scam. Yeah. It Wasn't very, very upset. You were trying to pretend like you were rooting for just an extended series. I could tell. I know Hank pretty well. You, you would've preferred I think to have seen the Pistons. No, I'm excited for the next. I'm excited to, it's gonna be good content to get Mr. B Bong back. I like to be New York. Yeah. We will be with Mr. Bing Bong game one at the Beck Gala in Arizona. Jerry O'Connell will be with us live streaming the game and New York fans are the loudest fans and never win anything and it's just fun to shut 'em up. Well, we should give, I'm excited to beat New York. They, they did win this series And we should give Jalen Did they win Or did the Pistons lose it?


Well, the Pistons did choke in the end, but Jalen Brunson multiple Times. One of, and the ref show that's, you know, when's a win? Jalen Brunson, we gotta give him, he scored 40 points, one of the coldest crossover. Three in in the eye on Azer Thompson, who was awesome. All series playing defense. But Jalen Brunson is just that good and that was such a cool moment. He lost him by about seven, eight steps. It was crazy. He went off the camera, he went outta the frame of the camera on defense. On that crossover. Yeah. And then Jalen Brunson just steps back and hits it. He had a 40 point game last year. Right. In a, in a game Seven or a game six. Some elimination game. Yeah. Jalen Brunson. He is good. The Brunson Burner ignited the Brunson burner.


Did you like that? That was Ion Eagle's call. I liked that a Lot. The Brunson burner Ignited. I appreciate that. I also want to give respect to the Detroit crowd. Yeah, they did a great job tonight. I liked when they got in unison Enchanted flopper. Yeah. As the refs were reviewing it, I thought they were saying soccer, which would've also played for what Jalen Brunson did on that particular play. And I, I've said this throughout this entire series. Yes, it sucks. If you're a Pistons fan, waking up this morning and you lost a series that you very well could have won. 'cause every game felt like a coin flip. And you know, you had Game one where you blew a big lead. You had game four where you got screwed by the refs. Either way, perspective, the Pistons have a very bright future because Cade Cunningham stepped up, stepped up like that level playoff series, young team getting their first taste of it.


It sucks to hear, but the Pistons have a very bright future. And the Knicks, Jalen Brunson is just, he's that dude. Yeah, for Sure. If you're a fan, you're gonna go to sleep, you're gonna be pissed off. You're gonna wake up in the morning and you'll probably still be pissed off when you wake up in the morning. But by the end of the weekend, I think you'll probably have a, a good amount of optimism. You'll just be thinking, okay, we can build off this. We're gonna be awesome next year. Let's move on. Fuck the Nick. Yeah, right. Exactly. And now Hank, you got the Knicks, you got Jalen Brunson, Carl Anthony Towns, who I, I think I'm just become a huge cat fan Until He's so funny. You, You will be, I think it's fun to root for until you're rooting for him on your team. Yeah. Well, yeah.


I know. I, I, I, he's, I, I am rooting afar and I just think he's very funny. He pulled his stomach today on a jump ball. It Was like chest, stomach, Shoulder. Yeah. He like jumped barely off the ground and then he just started grabbing his chest and his stomach and he was like, I think I pulled my stomach trying to reach up in the air. That was kind of, kind of a head scratcher. But Hank, when you say that you have the Knicks, do you have the Knicks or do the Knicks get you? Because after the game, the Knicks fans, they were outside MSG and you know what they were chanting what we want Boston. We want Boston. We want Boston. Yeah. They don't have a choice. Yeah, but it's true. So they they got you.


Yeah. Yeah. You're saying we got them. I think they got you. Okay. Their own. What is the path for the Knicks to win this series? I do not think the Knicks are gonna win this series. Actually was thinking about it. I think if you could put campaign's brain in Carl Anthony Town's head, the Knicks might have a chance. Hmm. If you just had Carl Anthony Towns with unlimited beliefs himself, they 75% from the field. Well oh, the Knicks do that all series. They could have a chance. Yeah. You'll get one campaign Game, you will get one a campaign quarter maybe even, but a quarter equals a game. Like Yeah. That is, that's a campaign quarter. It can be the difference Campaign, the difference. You need Carl Length towns, Carl Length Towns would've to be incredible.


Pretty much all series. Jalen Brunsons is going to be incredible. But yeah, I'd say this. Hell gonna win this series. You Don't think the gentleman's gonna be incredible? I think we have an amazing perimeter defense. I think we're gonna lock 'em up and make, make other players beat us. So the Knicks don't have those players. Who's got the better Jalen Celtics. Okay. Okay. Jalen for Jalen. Jalen For Jalen. Yeah. Prediction five. Five. I'm gonna say five. I think it's a sweep. I think you guys got 'em. Sweep Easy. Max Nixon six. Nixon six. Did you see? So prediction game is tough. Memes. Memes. Him, Nicks fan.


Nixon six. Oh copycat. No memes just keeps telling me to say Nixon six. Oh, okay. So that was, that's why I said Nixon that was a pick from the booth. Correct. Speaking of predictions, we gotta talk about some other games. And one of them is the timber rolls closing out the Lakers in five. And I don't know if you saw ESPN went oh for 11 on their experts. Yeah. Picking this series before we talk about the Lakers, 'cause there's a lot to talk about. The Lakers, the wolves are awesome defensively. They were, I mean they shot seven for 47 from three and still won this game. I actually think they were trying to win this game on hard mode because the Lakers weren't playing a center.


And Rudy Gobert had 27 and 24, which I, this was like a, a redemption arc for both Rudy Gobert and Julius Randall where Rudy Gobert has been clowned on a lot and he absolutely bullied the Lakers. He put them in a torture chamber. He not only was scoring at will, rebounding at will, but every single time LeBron or Luca tried to go into the post or tried to drive the lane, he was there. He was, it was the Rudy Gobert game. He was dominating the pain. He was getting offensive rebounds dunking him immediately. It seemed like that's something that Rudy should be able to do more often. But this might've been the first game where Rudy realized that there is a basket he scored and that he can score on it.


He scored 14 points in the first four games. This series. Yeah. He scored 27 on, on Wednesday night. And not only that, Anthony Edwards was not good shooting. And I say shooting because he's still, Anthony the, the Anthony Edwards has stepped up a level where, remember how much it, like double teams would bother him a lot. Even earlier in the season. He said that he distributes the ball, makes good decisions, good ball handling, rebounds the ball. So even though he shot like shit, Anthony Edwards is still a force on the field. And he played great defense and out physical LeBron and He pa Yeah, you're right. He passed really well. He was able very frequently to get around whoever that first defense defender was that was coming out to step to him on the perimeter.


He would get around whoever that person might be, and then take a couple steps, find the open man. It was, yeah, he was really good. And then after the game, he took a victory lap. I saw that around the stadium, which is one of the coolest things. He had like a, a little squad with him as he did the victory lap. Just basically saying like, yeah, I am, I am the man now. Yeah. Like that's, I love that move. I love the fact that he's pushing LeBron during games. I love that he is not afraid to talk shit to anybody. I love that. After the fact. He's, he's just pissing on their grave. Yeah. That's what, that's what we want out of our superstar. Yeah, he is. He's the face of the league if he can win a title and the tip rolls are just a really good team all around. And this was, this was an as kicking. They, I mean I thought the Lakers would win on Wednesday night. Just outta pride.


Yeah, zero pride. They had zero pride, zero answers. And the wolves are just so good defensively. And again, seven for 47, they shot worse in this game than the Rockets did in that famous game against The Warriors in game seven. Yeah. I mean if you had asked JJ Reddick if you would be okay with having Rudy go Bear beat you offensively going to this game, he, he'd be like, yeah, that's, that's kind of what I'm thinking. Oh, I Thought, I thought you were gonna say he would, he would, he would leave the press conference. No, he would it least not a fair question. He would leave the press conferences if you asked him, did you talk to anybody about Substitute? Did you know that you're allowed to substitute? Yeah. Listen, we're JJ Reddick fans 'cause he's a friend of our For Hank except for Hank, he's a friend of ours.


Not the best series for him, but he is a rookie head coach. I think you can give him a little bit of, I mean like the Lakers, well, Luca fell into their lap this year. I think he did a very good job at the Lakers this year. He had a little bit of a problem in this series, a little bit of a meltdown. There was a report that Reggie Miller had to calm him down, which was weird. I think that Reggie Miller probably told somebody that afterwards think, I think Reggie Miller likes to be part of the conversation. Yes. Yeah. And, But I think there is some truth to that, that maybe JJ was very emotional, that he was like, you know, a little intense. He's A serious Guy. He was on edge. And also I think jj, he's a smart guy. He, he's played a lot of basketball. He's talked about basketball a lot. He, he probably had a good understanding of his roster and knew that he was limited.


Jackson Hayes was, I don't think he got a minute. Did he get a minute? I don't think he got a minute. So they didn't have, they're like, Hey, we have a, a big guy and we're not gonna play And we're gonna let Rudy go bear just punk us. Yeah. He played three guys off the bench, obviously game four. He, yeah. Maxie Cleaver had not played with the Lakers at don't, I Don't think he practiced really with the Lakers. He played since January. Yeah. He hadn't played since January. And he was in a crunch time. Yeah. Not, not exactly. He didn't have a lot of outs with his roster and the super worlds were just a better team. But JJ Reddick had the moment where he left the press conference. Probably a learning experience for him. I still think he's a very good coach. Hopefully LeBron doesn't fire him.


And we also had JJ Reddick after, I think it was maybe after the game or today when they did media, he said that without naming names, he said the roster must get into championship shape during the off season. I think he's talking about one guy. What part Of the roster are we talking about here? I think he's talking about The Slovenian part of the roster. Is he talking about Bronny? I think he's not, Brony has to grow. He, He Brony does have to grow. But yes, Nico Harrison's a fuckhead. But was he kind of Right. But Also he's, he's a dickhead but maybe also a genius like Steve Jobs. So I got a, I got a couple stats for you.


Luca was some timber Wolf drove at Luca 16 times during game five. He was blown by blow by stat. Nine of those 16 times you could see it. He was a traffic cone for most of the night. Also, the Lakers defense in this series was gave up a one 20.4 rating, which would've been the worst in the league for the entire league for all season. When he was on the floor, Luca looked gassed Luca, he had that third quarter where he was, he had a flurry, but he looked gassed. Every, is does Luca have a little early onset in bead?


I Think Luca has he had a bad back Though, like Yeah, yeah, you're right. Right Half. Yeah. And that, that's how he, the bad back is then when he scored like 15 points in a row. Luca had, he was, he was laboring. Hold on, hold on. Hold as Reggie. Hold on. What? That was Sar. That was sarcasm. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Wait, What? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Are you okay? Max's about to go on vacation. He's been questioning our wait till the FY Fest, which was very, very entertaining. Max, What are you questioning Sarcasm on? Who? I, I thought he was, I thought he was at I Whatever he just said he had a backpack. You, I thought you were stopping it because I said he has early onset and beat. Yes. But, and Beat has never played a playoff series without a, without an injury.


I understand. So He, as Luke got an excuse, Luke got a bad back. But He has whatever, he obviously did that on purpose because M beat is hurt every series. And he is never gotten the Oh well he was hurt. Yeah. Well he had a bad back. We have to forget. Well, no, I don't think he has early onset. He got to the NBA finals last Year. I think Zach Lowe put it perfectly. He's like, everything he does is he's laboring in everything he does. Yeah. Well I think Reggie Miller, was he the one that was like, he's laboring the entire time. He's like, he's, he's struggling out there. I think Luke is hurt. I think he's hurt. He looks like he's playing 50% out there. He was playing 50%. He was playing on offense. Well, yeah. When, when, when I say early onset Embi Luc is a better player than Embi has gone to an NBA finals has won an actual conference finals.


I'm saying just in, when you watch the game and play to play, you're like, is this guy gonna survive? Yeah. Like that. You, you, you just have that vibe of like, is he okay? Because he doesn't look like he's gonna be okay. He Looked like every single person at Barstool Sports after about 10 minutes of playing pickup. Right. The way that he was turning around and running back down the court, he's Gotta get into championship shape. He's Gotta play his way into championship shape. That also Anthony Edwards really, really rubbing it up, run, running up the score on Luca after the game's over, he still has the energy to do a Frank Walks around the arena. Yeah. Luca could never do that. No. Luca would be on a a go-go scooter. Yeah. Full disclosure on it. I wasn't being sarcastic. Oh, okay. Oh, Not sarcasm.


The good news is for the, I think this is probably the fourth year in a row, third year in a row, we can stop hearing ESPN say that this is the year that the Lakers are gonna go to the finals. That is true. It feels like every year it's been the Lakers. Lakers. Lakers in the Edwards is the King Slayer. He took out Yoic last year. He took out LeBron this year. Who else? KD and Booker. KD and Booker is the case. He's 23 years old. Face Of the league. Face of the league. And then the big question of this game, because I, I don't think Nico Harrison is a shithead. He's not. Right. Because he still didn't shop Luca Round. He still shouldn't have Trade Luca. But everything that Nico, everything Nico Harrison was standing on Luca sh you know, being outta shape, defense defensive liability did kind of come into play in this game.


Yeah. I still would rather have Luca on my team. But it was for one night, Nico Harrison went to sleep happy for since the last, you know, since February. But it's almost like Nico, Harrison mi might have trained him to the Lakers to put him in the perfect situation to be exposed offensively. Right. Because on the Mavericks, at least you had some people on the inside that could play some defense. Yeah. The center That Could step up and that, that could cover up for some of the liability they have on the outside with the Lakers, the way the roster is right now. They were basically like, Hey Ru, you can, you can just stay on the inside and deal with Gobert. Right. Yeah. That's no problem for you. And after the game, URA was like, I'm six eight, I don't know what else you want me to do. Right. I can't, I can't really do much against this guy. Height matters, but, so Luca's aside LeBron James, he's still good at basketball.


Very good at basketball. He did seem mortal in this game five in the fact that he was, I mean, di Vincenzo hit Stickum by just standing still. LeBron didn't feel like he could get anything going. I feel like this is a crossroads for the Lakers because LeBron is gonna play another year. I don't know if you guys saw the report from Shams, which stop me if you heard this before, but LeBron wants to play another year because he has a son that will be draft eligible in 2026. I love that. I love having three James Three Jameses on the Yeah. On the Lakers roster. Yeah, I saw that. And I saw some people speculating on him retiring. He, LeBron James is not going to retire outta the blue and just walk off the court and that'll be it.


He is going to have the retirement tour. Yep. He's gonna go across the country and there's gonna be like a, a documentary crew that follows him everywhere. And it, we will have to deal with watching, you know, the TV show about LeBron James retirement as he's currently retiring. Correct. In the process of it, it's gonna be a big thing. And I'm not saying he doesn't necessarily deserve it. He's been a great player for an extreme, like a crazy long period of time. 20 Years. Of Course he's gonna get like, you know, the star treatment, but LeBron is not the kind of guy that would just, you know, silently leave his shoes at the center of the court. No. And, and, and walk off the floor. No. So, and the The big question though with LeBron is, I I agree with you. He's not gonna retire. He's got 50 million player option next year. That's the big question.


Yeah. Is he going to opt into the 54 million, which would then basically tie Rob Pokas hands behind his back in terms of roster building? Or is he going to be like, Hey, I actually want to try to put a roster around me because I'm not like LeBron is still good at, very good at basketball, whatever you wanna say, top 15, top 20 player right now in the league. Whatever. I, I don't, I don't know what the argument would be, but like he's somewhere in there that's probably not worth $54 million if he's 41 years old. Like he's gotta pay, get paid less. If LeBron wants to play another year, I would think, well It's his call. Like he, he of course he can accept the player option. Correct. You're but you're saying like if he were to be a free agent right now, what would his salary command?


No, he, he Could not opt. Yeah, he could not opt in and then take Less. He can opt out and then, and then willingly take a pay cut and say, I would like to get paid 35, $40 million next year. Which would be smart. Use that money to get a center, fill The roster around, get someone over seven feet. But We, we are also looking at the, the options that you're gonna have in like free agency. Yeah. It's not great. No, not not a great market out there. They could Always trade Bronny. Really? You Just need, you just need a big body in there. Yeah. Get, get a couple big bodies that can give you some fouls. They were the first father son duo to lose the playoff series. That's crazy. Yeah. And they also, the Lakers, do you know, this is a fun fact. The Lakers have never lost in the first round when they were a three seat or higher.


Damn. Did not know that. Yeah. I thought that this would at least go seven. I thought that the NBA would would love to have the Lakers quit. Yeah. The NBA, like the, the timber rolls are just a better team. I don't even know. But they played so bad. Like that's a, that's, that was a, that was a Lakers. But the Tim Tim roll did not win that game as much as the Lakers just didn't, like they gave up, but the timber rolls was hurt. Defense. Like, you can't really, they had, they had him in a fucking, and Luca was hurt. They had him in a torture chamber. They didn't, the, the Tim's defense is very, very good. And I mean, you saw it like LeBron didn't want, like, he, he couldn't get anything going. Rudy Gobert had them all seen ghosts whenever they would go to the rim.


Austin Reeves couldn't shoot for shit. Austin Reeves had a bad series. Yeah. He had a bad series. So yeah, it'd be interesting to see what happens to la I mean, if you're a Lakers fan, still, if you said at the beginning of the season, Hey we're you're gonna lose in the first round in five games, but oh yeah, Luca's gonna be on your team. You'd take that every single day. You Would take that. Absolutely. But then what if you knew that Luca was gonna be laboring? Yeah, sure. Maybe and hurt, Maybe laboring in that he looked like he was pregnant. Yeah. That's probably what they Meant. He did, he did kind of look like he was maybe pregnant at times. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, so I'm just happy we could stop talking about the Lakers for, or, and not us, but the general media because that's, they, they take up a lot of, and they weren't a serious contender, but they did, they weren't, I know that it's like, you know, you have Luca and LeBron on a team.


You're like, oh, watch out. They're two unbelievable players. They just didn't have a team that was going to make a deep run. Now what if, what if the wolves just roll and then we can look back and say, you know, the Lakers really gave him the best series. Mm. Mike Greenberg would say that. Yeah, for sure. Alright. The other one, this was the weirdest game. The Rockets and The Warriors. This is just a, this is, this series is just ugly because it's this game. The rockets were up. So they played so well in the first half that The Warriors threw the white flag with like four minutes into the third quarter. And then The Warriors backups played so well that the Rockets had to put their starters back in.


I also like, am I crazy to say that it's, it's kind of nuts that Steve Kerr gave up on this game when it was a 13 point game with five minutes left against a very young Rockets team where if you can put a little game pressure on them, they might fold. Like that seemed crazy to me. I'm I'm gonna trust Steve Curry on this one. I thought so too at the time. Especially, 'cause I had, I had some Steph Curry bets that ended up not cashing because that Play in the second half. So I, I like you was yelling at my tv, like, put Steph back in the game's. Not outta hand yet. I Just wanted to see, I didn't even have any action on it. I just wanted to see a good game. I was like, it's a 13 point game. And the Rockets are one of those teams where it's like they are young. Yeah. And they can flinch. I just, I I think that Steve Kerr, he knows his team pretty well.


He knows these guys really well. And Jimmy Butler's still kind of new but also banged up. He just probably saw a chance to cut your losses. Yeah. And rest up They Literally just punted on the game. Yeah, they did. They, the the, the game started. The rockets jumped all over him, which credits to the rockets and then it was, yeah. That was it. And it was like, you know, Ahman Thompson and Dylan Brooks and Fred Van Veit all were awesome. Like shooting crazy percentages and Yeah, it was just over. It was over. And then they, and then, I mean we had, I will say the one thing that was fun to watch is Pat Spencer who is just basically, remember he is just a mini Danny Hurley from the Yukon National Championship team.


He came in, I think he had a game high 17 and then he got kicked out for headbutting. I love that. It was so perfect. I think he score How many points did Pat Spencer score? He was kind of all over the place and then, and then got kicked out. It was a very Danny Hurley. Danny Hurley would be proud. Yeah. He had 11 points. Who was he screaming at earlier this year? Was that kd? Yeah, he was screaming At kd. You're thinking of a different guy. Oh, I'm thinking of a different guy. I'm thinking of. This is, this is his brother. I'm thinking of Cam Spencer. Cam Spencer plays on Memphis. Pat. He yelled the kd. Pat Spencer. Pat Spencer. Pat Pat. The lacrosse player. Lacrosse player. He is like one of the greatest lacrosse players of all time. That's alright. Good. Good catch. Good catch. Throw everything I just said out. I would love to, You could understand.


I, you could understand how I got that confused because Pat Spencer's also crazy and Cam Spencer played for Danny Hurley. He's also crazy. Yes. He's the one who yelled at Katie There. There should be a rule in the NBA that if you are a brother, and especially if you're a twin, you should have to play on the same team. Yeah. Agreed. Or A son. Yeah. They kind of just look the same. And they, they, when he headbutted him, I was like, yeah, that's Danny Hurley. So that's my bad. I I would, I would very much like to see The Warriors advance. I think that they will, I think that they'll end up taking care of business against the Rockets. I do too. Mostly 'cause I wanna see, I wanna see Draymond and Rudy Gobert. I wanna see those two lovebirds out there on the Court. Yeah. I'm excited to get a bunch of tweets saying I was wrong and then 30 seconds later saying, wait, memes corrected you.


Yep. Those are my favorites. Yeah. Oh, I got, I got a lot of, I got a ton of those from Montreal fans. I listen, I don't know if like, I listen, the AWS are the best fans in the world. We fuck up so much stuff. That's all we do. That's the beauty of this show. We just fuck things things up left and right. Especially if we're recording past midnight, which we are. If it's past midnight. So like every NFL Sunday show that we do, I'd say that it's just a, it's a mess of, I'd say we get more things wrong than right, But the things we get wrong, we're being sarcastic and Max just doesn't realize it. It was a Bit, I was doing a bit with past Spencer. What Max, how Many times do you think like, let's say memes didn't pick up on the Pat Spencer thing there, that they would go to somebody else and use that take because of what you just said and act like an idiot?


I feel bad for that Sometimes. Oh you mean like somebody likes hang out with their friends and they say that That's Fair. And they're like, yo, did you see the Yukon kid? Yeah. Yeah. Like headbutt someone like they so Out there own. Alright, so it is on us. We gotta be better. I Yeah, you're right. No, I say dumb shit all the time And we all do. Yeah. No, but just like get better friends. Get better friends. That'll be like not, I don't care that you got that wrong. It was funny that you said that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Guys make mistakes. Let's normalize guys fucking Up. Nobody wants a know-it-all. No one does. Right. No. The know-it-alls are the worst. That's, I mean, you gotta make mistakes. We're know Noit nuns. You know what he did play for Yukon? Fuck that.


Pat Spencer did play for Yukon And when he yelled at KD earlier this year. Yeah. That was fucking awesome. Yeah. He, he basically was like, yeah, he yelled at kd he's like, I I'm playing for The Warriors and the Grizzlies at the same time. And Bobby Hurley is my coach. And and memes is actually actually very rude of you to interrupt us. Yeah. And to try to correct us on that mem just say yes and move on. Yeah. Apologies. Nixon six. They're actually their older brothers. Spencer Pratt. Remember him from Real Housewives? Yeah. And his brother Chris Pratt. Yeah. This is all, we're connecting all the dots. We just nailed that. I am excited for game six. I do agree. I think The Warriors, I think you're gonna actually get a Warrior's effort.


Yes. Because you better if you, if you decide halfway through game five, you're not trying anymore, you better have those bullets saved for game six. Yep. And then we watched Game six of, so we get Game Six Warriors Rockets on Friday night and then we get Game Seven Clippers nuggets on Saturday. So, which I'm very excited for the, this series is just awesome. And it feels like we're just gonna have to see if we get, if we, if we keep getting the good James Harden. Yeah. So, 'cause he was really good tonight. My Question was gonna be, are we getting James hardened right now? I think so. Are we hard? Are we hard?


Are we getting hard? I think so. 'cause this, this has happened in the past where James Harden has had good games in playoff series and we're like, I think this series is when James harden's taking it seriously. Yep. And then Game seven happens and we're like, why did we, why did we get hard again? Yeah. You know what I'm gonna do in this game? I'm just going to, I think it's just gonna be Yoic versus Kauai. I think both those guys are gonna be incredible Superstars. I I really do. Because Yoic has, you know, YOIC always gets his stats and Kaw has had a good series, but I think this is one of those games where we're gonna look up and it's gonna be, YOIC is gonna have 34, 18 and 11 and Kauai is gonna have 39 points on like 85% shooting.


I would love to see that. Yeah. That sounds like a fucking awesome game to watch. Yeah, that's what, that's my prediction. It's a great series though. It is a great series. I'm very excited for game seven. What Hank I'm just trying, I don't know who's gonna win. Who do you think's gonna win? I actually don't. You don't know either. I I really have no idea. Because you could like, you could make the Yeah, yeah. I don't know. 'cause I, I was convinced that the Clippers were gonna win game five before that game and the Nuggets took it to 'em. It is crazy that obviously Nuggets is this, is this right? The Nuggets only shot nine free throws the entire game. Yeah.


That's pretty crazy. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of mid range for much Moer. Yoko was probably scared of the horse heads in the crowd. He definitely was. Maybe he got inside his head. Yeah. Who's, Who's gonna win this Game? When is this game? This is Saturday night. This is gonna be Kentucky Derby Day Right after the Kentucky Derby. Is Yoic gonna be fired up because he just watched the horses? Or is he gonna be completely spent? I don't Know. He might be spent, he might Be spent, although they don't have, I don't know if it's exact horse racing that he likes. He likes the Carriage racing. Yeah. He likes carriage races. Yeah, I'm sure that, I'm sure that Yoic likes the Kentucky Derby. Yeah. No, he'll Watch it. But yeah, he might be fired up. Like if, if he loses on Kentucky Derby Day, is that more likely for him to have a good game or a bad game?


Well, everyone loses on Kentucky Derby Day. Wait to hear Randy Mosso. He'll give you some winners. You just gotta follow him because then I always try to outsmart myself. Good question. I don't know. I thi I feel like if you, if you lose big on Kentucky Derby Day, nothing good happens for the rest of that day. Right. You kind of like retreat into a pit of sadness. Yeah. Question everything about your own brain. He needs a Spencer brother to make him to, to block the TV for him. Is there a Spencer on the Nuggets? I'm sure there is. There's another one. Haws. Yeah. George. Yeah. Still He's still kicking around the League. Our guy Spencer Haws. Spencer Haws not In the league Right now, but shout out Spencer Haws because He's, he's listening to his podcast.


What's up Spencer? Yeah. We love Spencer Haws. He should be in the league. He Should be in the the league. I Thought he still was. It was Spencer Haws. The Lakers should pick up the phone. Spencer stay by your phone. Spencer will. 'cause Rob is fuck Rudy Gua. Rob PO has giving you a call buddy. Yeah. Alright. We gotta pick, let's pick a first basket for Friday night.


Rockets, warriors, NBA Playoffs are finally here. And it's about time to get wild high stakes drama. Insane buzzer beaters, jaw dropping dunks in the excitement you live for. And guess what? Drafting sports circuit official sports betting partner, the NBA is giving you a chance to boost your winnings every single game during the playoffs. That's right. Every game, all playoffs along DraftKings is rolling out a special NBA Profit boost. So what are you waiting for? Download the DraftKings Sports book app now and use code take to claim your profit Boost. That's right. Code take gets you a boost for every single NBA playoff game. Don't miss your shot at Big Wins. This is the moment you've been waiting for. Only on DraftKings the Crown is yours.


Alright, what are we doing boys? First Basket's got pick basket. Everyone's got pick My pick is Draymond Green. Oh, he's been shooting first a lot. Can you show me the odds? First basket. You know what I'm gonna, I don't even, I'm gonna go with Jimmy Butler. I'm gonna go with in Thompson's name. Amen. Trayvon is 1101. I'll go with with se i I don't Shang Goon Shang Goon. Yep. I'll go with Shang Goon the Turkish Terminator. Alfred. I knew I was gonna fuck it up. So thank you for stepping in. That's plus 4 75. I got you bro. We get things right on this show. Seven 50. Yep.


Where's Yeah, where's he from? Max Slovenia. I, I just Said it. You just said it Like two seconds ago. UNC Tar Heels. No Turkey. Yep. The country. He's like only 22 years old too. Yeah, I was reading about him the other day. He's just been, he's been playing ba He's like one of those guys that I think was playing professional basketball when he was like 14 years Old. He moves like it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hockey. PFT you, you advanced. Congratulations. Caps win Baby Caps are going to the next round. Who are you playing? Oh, Revo Canadians. Were playing the, the Carolina Hurricanes. Yeah. So the East Playoffs weren't great.


They weren't? No. 'cause we have, They were, I enjoyed 'em. No. Yeah, yeah. I'm just saying like, in terms of great series, we actually only have one game seven in, in the Stanley Cup playoffs. That's the Stars and the s which that has been a great series. Yep. But the caps advance, the hurricanes advance I think before, I think they advanced Tuesday night. So we already recovered that The Leafs can brought breathe a sigh of relief. I was shocked The Leafs have have advanced. I think we all were thinking that this would be very funny. These are the not your your father's leaves or your grandfather's leaf. Well that's, that's what I've heard. But I mean they've won playoff series before. Yeah.


And I, I do root for fan bases that haven't seen a taste of victory in a long time that haven't had that. But then I see Paul Bissonnet on TV wearing his stupid maple leaf tie screaming into his phone from about two centimeters away. His mustache though gets spit everywhere. The mustache. Yeah. Mustache. Looking like Freddie Mercury on steroids. Let me be clear. Paul Binet, you better hope that you get your ass kicked in the second round because I wouldn't like nothing better than the skull. Fuck you in the Eastern Conference finals. And I will, I will Skull Fuck you Tom Wilson will skull Fuck you. So you better just bow out and lose right now. I do think that the Panthers are gonna beat the leaves.


Panthers seem really, I mean they made quick work of the lightning and that was a, we talked about on two on Wednesday show, but the very physical series with suspensions and guys going out. Yeah. And they, they they, they, they took care of the lightning fast. Is that loser talk by the, by the lightning head coach afterwards to be like, you know what? We're, we're glad to pass the torch to the Florida Panthers as being the, the o the other team from Florida now takes what we built and they get to build on it. That's some SEC culture Shit. Yeah. That's some bullshit. Yeah. Root For That's Crazy. Root for, I root for the state. You can't of Florida. Think about this. Think about the Lightning coach when he goes to, you know, kids' living room trying to recruit him Right.


In state. You're like, didn't you talk about the Florida Panthers having the torch now? Yeah. Maybe I might go just go to school there. That's insane. Yeah, it is insane. But it was, I actually liked that series a lot. It wasn't so fun as long as it should have been. Listen, it would've been great to see more games, but it was still a fucking awesome playoff hockey series Just because we only have as of right now, won game seven because the Jets and the blues have to play Game six on Friday night. Doesn't mean the, the Hockey Playoffs haven't been incredible. I mean there's been awesome action every single night. We are having Whitney on, on Sunday to break down the whole first round and preview the second round. That Stars as series though has been incredible. Yeah. And then the Oilers, how about the Oilers down 2 2, 2 games to none.


And then they just come and reverse sweep 'em and excuse me, that game tonight was, it was on crack. It was, it was 2, 2 5 minutes into the game. Yeah. Flying around. They Finally got some goal tending. Yeah. Now there is kind of a wrinkle in the schedule that's coming in for the second round with the caps and the hurricanes. We've got a stadium scheduling issue. Oh, in Carolina. Oh. So apparently the good people of Raleigh, whoever runs that stadium, I don't know if it's the guy that, that ran the paid a loan company that bought the, the Whalers and moved them to Carolina or not. But they scheduled the arena to have a Shane Gillis concert. Okay. And two Pearl Jam concerts. Oh geez.


Oh, next week Max is good friend. Max is a good friend. Friend Max is good friend. Eddie Veter. Eddie Veter. So I don't know what they're gonna do about that because there was a time, I think this was just a, a few years ago where it was the, the penguins and the caps that ran into the same situation and the caps got a home. I think they had a home game taken away from them because Pittsburgh fucked up their schedule. I don't know what's gonna happen, but the schedule, they might have to play back to back nights. Ooh, That's not Good. So that, that would be wild. I don't know. That's Not good. But I'm, I'm looking forward to the cans. The cans are a good team and they've played pretty well against the caps recently. I gotta figure out her mayor's bet against, I think the most famous person from Raleigh is Brandy Love and she's a Hurricanes fan.


That's big. Yeah. Putting that on the list. So, which should I bet against Brandy Love. Oh yeah. I saw our guy PMT Stats said someone's running away with the bunk list this year and it's gonna be either me or you. Yeah. So I don't know, but that one didn't help you. I'm fine running away with the bunk list. Yeah. But yeah, Brandy, if you're out there, I know you're a big Cans fan. Probably a big listener to the show. Hit me up. Me just keeps saying Jordan Jordan's from, She's from Raleigh. That's what the music is saying. Yeah, bill. Bill was at the game the other night. Oh, okay. Alright. So listen, this is a Battle of the Titans. Most Jordan, most famous people from Raleigh, Pete Merovich Dead, RIP Should have said Dead Clay Aiken.


I, I think Alive John Wall Alive Dougie Michael C. Hall. Well the only Cain celebrity fan I'm familiar with is, is Brandy Love. Okay. That Then your gonna, then your hands are tied. Yeah. I'm giving you other ones, but your hands are, my hands are tied. Definitely tied. Which is the worst way to pay attention to Brandy Love. Unless she's in the room with you. Unless she's in the room with me. Right. If, If, if the hurricanes beat the capitol, I'll never jack off to Brandy Love again. That's a great Deal. Oh, Mr. Beast. Ball balls in your court. Mr. Beast Is wrong. Yeah. Boss Also says that Brandy love is from Dearborn, Michigan. Ah. Oh really? But she's a Hurricanes fan.


Oh. Oh. But she, but so that, that was the only one you could find? No, Mr. Was A Porn star. Yeah. Mr. Beast is not a Keynes fan. He's a Rangers fan. Got it. So you could only find a porn star, Only find a porn star. I spent a lot of time Looking for Porn stars. But I mean, if, if Jordan Lo or Jordan Jordan Jordan, please Get her name right. If she is from Raleigh and she's a Hurricanes fan, we'll have to figure out something Also. W why they were probably at the, they were probably at the hurricanes game because they live in North Carolina now. Yeah. This says daughter of meme fishermen. It's an Oh Mead Ain't no fun with the rabbit. Got the gun. It's an adopted team. Well, I'll tell you what. Yeah. But they were at, they, they, they live in the state now.


It Also looks like Brandy Love is also an adopted team. That's fine. Yeah. So they, so, but Brandy love, you're gonna have to do it. She won Mil for the year. What year was that? I don't know. I just saw it on the Wikipedia when, when he pulled it up. That's a very prestigious award. Mil Performer of the year. 2013. Oh, she's won. Wait, hold on. Won. She's Dynasty. She's won three MILFs of the year. Holy shit. It's pretty good. Is she Bad for MILFs? Well she, when was the last time she won 2020 NIL Change? Yeah. Yeah. Oh no, she won Best MILF in 2025. That, that one's according to The Flesh Spot Awards Awards. Which is actually, that's, I think they, they gotta unify these belts.


It's too many belts. 2020 Hall of Famer though. Oh hell yes. Wait, yeah. Hall of Famers. So, so is Best milf is that like a lifetime achievement award? No, It was the Flesh Bot award. I I feel like Best MILF has more cache than Mil of the Year. Yeah. By the way. So we are gonna talk more. This is our hockey recap, the Brandy Love Talk. We are gonna talk more with Whitney And we have some two great interviews coming up right now. I do have keys to the series. Just real quick, off the top of my head, keys to the series. Number one, Tom Wilson needs to hit somebody in the face. Okay. Number two, we have to rock the red. And then number three, Brandy Love needs to DM me.


Okay. I like That. Keys to the series for the caps. I had one last thing before we get to our interviews. Randy Moss giving us Kentucky Derby pics. Joe Kim Noah in studio. And then again, listen to Fire Fest. It was very funny. Just real quick, this is something we gotta put on our, our, our radar. We're gonna have to start monitoring because last year we talked about the Oakland A's and, and that fucking Loser. The the Fail Son from Gap. What's his name again? John Fisher. John Fisher. Fuck him. We've talked at length about Jerry Reiner from what he's done to the White Sox. We gotta get on the radar of the Colorado Rockies maybe being the worst team of all time because I don't know if you've paid any attention to this, but the Colorado Rockies are on pace right now for I think 32 wins.


Yeah. Pretty incredible stuff. They're six and 25. So officially the Monfort Brothers, Monfort Brothers, Dick and Charlie Monfort. We're looking at you we're watching you we're on your shit. I don't like that. And when I say we're on your shit, we're just gonna say you fucking suck ass once every couple of months and nothing's gonna change about your life, but we're on your shit. I don't like the idea of brothers owning a team together. Yeah, that is, that seems like a plot of a terrible signal. No, dude, we gotta we gotta break a dream come true. We gotta break the brothers up. Hey Dick. I heard Charlie was talking shit about it. Which one's the hot one? It looks like Dick talking Charlie.


Really? Yeah. Yeah. No, Dick is significant. Charlie has no hair. He looks like a penis. Oh, Dick is Running the show. This is weird. Charlie looks like a dick. That is weird. Pull him up, pull up the Montford brothers. So is it always Dick and Charlie when you look it up online? I think so. How Come it's never Charlie and Dick? Huh? That's true. Right. You ever think about That Charlie? Two images on them, the Montford brothers. Now you you didn't, you didn't Google it, right? MO just do Rocky owner's Google Image Max is already on vacation. All right, so look, see this is, that's Dick. Yeah. He's on the left and all the way to the right. That's Charlie. Look. He looks like a penis.


Click him, click on him. That looks like someone would going to Brandy Love. He looks like Joe Camel. That's a crazy head. Fuck these guys. Yeah, they suck. They did beat blooper in the Braves the other night though, which is kind of Crazy. Oh, max, are you nervous About who Blooper having a boxing match with Philly fanatic? This is the first I'm hearing of this. Oh my God. This is a legacy match for you. I don't, I don't think, I think the fanatic is gonna gonna wipe the floor. I actually that fatty. I actually, I I think that blooper iss gonna win. I I mean you, you gotta be, I I think Blooper is an athletic guy. You ever seen blooper run through like seven year olds on the football field?


Dude is Derrick Henry. Did you ever see him get bullied off the internet? I'm not talking about is the boxing match taking place on twitter.com? You Don't think that? Excuse me. x.com x the everything happens. It's all happening on x May 27th. Mark your calendars fight night. He's coming to Philadelphia. Oh. And it's in Philly. Oh, come on. Yeah. Why are we just looking at, I mean, Bloomberg's gonna gas Out a wall of Brandy Love right now. B Bloomberg's gonna gas out. He's a fat fuck. He's not gonna be able to, he's gonna go, he's gonna go half around. He's not gonna be ready to go. Max has safe search on Yeah, of course we're at, this is work. This is a place Of work. Oh yeah, yeah. We're really following all the rules at Barstool Sports. Yeah. Just go back to to x.com and pull up college hotties or whatever you follow Max.


That wasn't that, that was campus. Sorry, was campus you paid Campus Cuties campus Cut all that doesn't help us. Let's get to our interviews. Wait, wait, there's, there's one other update. Oh, in the NBA. Oh Halliburton's dad is no longer welcome. That's right. He has been banned from the postseason. Yes. So I, I put the blame on, on Tyrese for this because he didn't have his dad's back. Yeah. Although it might be better. He, I if the Pacers go to the finals, you think that Hal Burton's dad's not gonna be there? No, they said he is banned for the entire postseason. I thought it was a self You gotta do, you gotta suss him. You gotta suss him first. You gotta say two games. You can't be here. Yeah.


Let it cool down for a while. But like if they do get hot, hypothetically if they make it, if they advance at some point you're gonna want his dad back there. Right, right. For the vibes. Right. Right. So I don't like that. I don't like that at all. I don't either. Okay. Wait. Do the draft lottery one time before we kick it to ourselves with our interviews. Let's go. Hey Washington. There you go. Let's Go. Cooper Flagg. Huge. Alright, let's get some interviews.


Okay, before we get to Randy Moss. Gametime NBA Playoffs are here in The only place to buy hard to get playoff tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports with killer last minute deals, all in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets the tip off. You can save up to 60% when buying last minute tickets. We're looking at Pacers Cals game one Sunday. Tons Of tickets available like a stunning amount bad sports town potentially. Mm. But you can get in for as cheap as $71 on Gametime. What a deal. $71 in Cleveland on Sunday. So what are you waiting for? Go buy those tickets. Take the guests are gonna buy NBA playoff tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Boydton, Ontario. Get one NBA profit boost per game after opt-in Boost expires at the end of each game. Boosts bet criteria and maximum bet limits vary. See terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


We're also brought to you by our friends That truly, truly unruly Lemonade combines the high alk, fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite Lemonade. Lemonade Let loose 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors bump in blue Raz OG Original Lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly finding a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com. Listen, starting to get warm out, starting to be golf. Starting to be beach, starting to be, you know, little day drinking on a Saturday Sunday. Truly unruly Lemonade is the drink of the summer. Four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue. Raz OG Original Lemonade, punched up pineapple. Wild pink. Wild pink is my personal favorite, 8% a BVA hundred percent delicious. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Find it a store near you, or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


Okay, here he is, Randy Moss. Okay, we now welcome on A very special guest, one of my favorite traditions on this show. It is our good, good friend Randy Moss from the Kentucky Derby. It is Kentucky Derby weekend. This is like, Randy, I gotta say this. Like you're, you have a special place in my heart because every time the, the calendar turns And we get to this point, And we have Randy Moss on, Pardon My Take on the Friday before Kentucky Derby. It's like, we've made it, it's summertime, it's the official start of summer. So thank you so much for always joining us and how, how's everything going? Hey, good.


Hey, I'm one of the original recurring guests, vicke. Yep. You know? Yes. The first time I was on we played race horse or porn star. Are we gonna play that again? We could, we could, yeah. Bonnie Blue. Well, That would actually be A, yeah. Body blue be good. A great horse name. Body Blue's a great real horse name. It would be, yeah. No, you, you, you were, you were first on this show, I think it was like, what, two months? It must have been two months. Yeah. After it was created. So yeah, it's, this is, we're coming up, you know, next year's our 10 year anniversary, which is crazy. Wow. So maybe we'll do something special with you. Yeah. And I think one thing people don't really talk about enough about Randy Moss, if you followed his picks, especially your Friday picks Oh yeah.


That you give on, on this show, your return on investment, I think beats the s and p 500. I think Randy Moss has been the, the safest investment you could possibly make. I, I couldn't lose with you guys for a long time. It's, it's kind of come back down to earth a little bit, but let's get the ball rolling again this year. Why don't we, Let's do it. So let's get the ball rolling. So obviously we wanna talk about the field and who you like, but the big story is the return of the bad guy in some people's eyes. Bob Baffert, he's back at the Kentucky Derby after a three year suspension. What's the vibe? Is it, I I was reading some stuff and it basically seems like Bob B's pretending none of this happened. Yeah. Yeah. Bob and so is Churchill Downs.


I, I, I did not know what to expect When Bedford came back, they gave him his old barn back. They put up all the old signs at his old barn. They're all singing Kumbaya by the campfire. Bob says, the one thing you have to learn being a horse trainer with so much dejection and disappointment and defeat is how to turn the page and move on and don't dwell on the past. And he said he's viewing the last three years and all the lawsuits and the legal challenges, none of which were successful. Like it was just losing races. And now he's looking ahead and he is just ecstatic.


Really. He is really happy to be back here. Yeah. Has he spent this time away refining his game? Like is he, is he coming back with any, any new tricks up his sleeve? Or is it just same old, same old? He's been doing the exact same things. He just hasn't had the horses in the races. Yeah. That's what Well, you know, he's arguably, and I don't even think there's an argument. He's the most successful Kentucky Derby trainer of all time. Obviously one of the leading trainers period of all time. And while he was serving at three year suspension, he was just for Churchill Downs, incorporated, racetracks, Churchill Downs, fairgrounds, Ellis Park, Turfway Park fairgrounds, racetracks like that. Right. It had nothing to do with any of the other racetracks Bob competes at.


Really? So he's been winning tons of races. His stables actually gotten stronger over the last three years than it was before the suspension. He just most famously couldn't run under his name in the Kentucky Derby. Fortunately for Bob during that three year period, he didn't have an American Pharaoh. He didn't have a justified Right. He didn't have a horse that looked like it was a Kentucky Derby winner. And he doesn't this year either, really, to tell you the truth. But just, yeah, just the fact that he's back. He was booed actually, I was told by some people at the post position draw.


So he is, oh, he is still a bit of a polarizing figure with some people. And I think a lot of that has to do with the coverage and the mainstream media that made it sound like that he was, you know, doping Medina spirit with an intent to try to cheat and try to win, rather than the reality, which was just a, a medic a me a medication violation that should have been avoided. Yeah. So, so he does have two horses in this race, Rodriguez and Citizen Bowl. You, do they have any chance of winning? Because obviously that would be an incredible storyline. He returns, he wins. They're not, they're not favorites. They're, they're long shots in this field.


But is there any world where one of these could win? And if you had to lean which one, which way, which one do you like more than the other? There is, There is a world, it, it, it may be in another universe, but there is a world in which a Bob B horse, one of those two horses can win. Here's the interesting part about the race guys from a Bob Baffert perspective, right. Citizen Bull and Rodriguez are both speed horses. They both need to have the early lead in order to win. So you say, okay, they're counterproductive, right? You don't, you know, he, they both can't have a clear lead. Citizen bull I think is faster than Rodriguez.


So if either of the two horses are gonna win wire to wire, it's most likely to be Citizen Bull. But here's what's gonna happen. Martine Garcia on Citizen Bull, Mike Smith on Rodriguez are both gonna ride their horses strongly out of the starting gate with the intent of making the early league. Then Mike Smith on Rodriguez is gonna look over and if he sees Citizen Bull on the inside of him, instead of going head to head with each other, he's gonna ease back a little bit. And Citizen Bull's probably gonna go on to set the pace. If Mike looks over and doesn't see Citizen Bull, like, if Citizen Bull breaks slowly from the starting gate, then Mike says, heck, I can have the early lead. That's what my horse likes.


And then Rodriguez will take it and he'll have a shot to go wire to wire, but the pace is likely to be fast. And so it, it's, it's really the rates looks on paper like it sets up for a comfort behind it. Yeah. Okay. I, I was looking at the odds journalism, I've, I've read a lot about him in the past, a couple weeks here, the overwhelming favorite, I, I believe three to one right now. Right? I look at this like when I, I look at a, a golf tournament where it's Scotty Scheffler and he is like, plus two 50 before the thing even even kicks off. And I think to myself, the juice isn't worth the squeeze betting on one guy that's plus 50, he's probably gonna win. But I still find a hard time putting money down on, on that person with journalism at three to one.


Is is the value there? My opinion, yes. I think journalism is two to three lengths better than any other horse right now in the field. As a matter of fact, one of the reasons I think he's such a solid favor in my estimation is that the second best 3-year-old in the country, I think is the horse named Baa, who right now is on the outside looking in. He's on the wait list, he's number 21, just like Rich Strike was three years ago. He's waiting on a sickness or an injury or something to be able to get into the field. And now he's got about 24 hours for that to happen. We all have expected it all week long.


We've expected Baa to be able to get in the race. They shipped him all the way from California to Kentucky thinking that someone would drop out and he would probably be able to get in with all the veterinary scrutiny nowadays on these horses. That that's, it's a good thing. Typically, one or two of them wind up getting scratched. We're sitting here on Thursday now, and there have been no additional scratches to get by easily into the field. So it, it's looking less and less like he's gonna be able to run, which makes journalism look more and more like a solid favor. Yeah. Yeah. Baeza and, and, and, and I saw that Pratt is on the two horse gonna go to Ba Aza, ba Aza gets in, which tells you something because Pratt's an incredible jockey. And if he's gonna make that switch, he knows that's a legit shot.


I have a question though about journalism. So I'm sitting here being like, I can't take a favorite. And it's, you know, this has happened many times in the Kentucky Derby. My only devil's advocate with journalism, and you could tell me if I'm way off, I was looking, I watched his last three races, okay? He's only beaten, he's been in five, five horse field in the last three races. So he's beaten four other horses three times in a row. This is obviously 20 horses. Is there anything to be said for that, that, and he's gotten in a little bit of trouble a couple times where it's like, Hey, it's easier to get outta trouble when there's only five horses in a race. Is there, is there any, am I be making any sense or I'm just gonna end up betting something that has no chance I should have taken journalism Ordinarily, Dan, I think that would be a a, a very legitimate argument.


Okay. But in journalism's last race in the Santa Anita Derby, he got into more trouble, almost, certainly more trouble than he's gonna get into in the Kentucky Derby. And he was still able to win anyway. It was only a five horse field, but Bob Bedford had two horses in the race. He had Citizen Bull who was hooked on the front end and didn't run that well. And he had another horse named Barnes. And the riders were playing team tactics. And the jockey on Barnes Juan Hernandez targeted journalism. Journalism had the big bullseye on his back. He was a heavy, heavy favorite as he should have been. And it even got to the point going into the second turn of that race, where Juan Hernandez on Barnes elbowed, Umberto restfully on journalism, brought the horse all the way over, tried to squeeze him against the rail, elbowed the other jockey.


The stewards called him in and the steward voted two to one, not to suspend him, but he very well could have got a suspension for that. And yet journalism was able to win the race anyway. So he is already overcome adversity, and that makes me feel a whole lot better about a big field. Okay. He battle tested. Yeah. Yeah, I I like that. Yeah. And beat and beat Baeza in that race. Yes. So, I mean, you, you know, the second best horse in the Kentucky Derby, potentially he has beaten him in his last race in the Santa Anita Derby. Yes, Exactly. When I'm looking at, when I'm looking at this form, I was looking at journalism exactly like I would look at Scotty Scheffler and I was looking at Sandman, like I would look at Will Tores, where it's like, I want to, I know that's the safe bet, but Sandman, he's a Metallica fan.


He's got a lot of buzz around him. I'm gonna end up betting on Sandman and losing and being like, oh, I should have bet on the safe bet with journalism. Does Sandman have a chance or am I falling victim to the Metallica hype train? I Tell you what, my biggest concern about journalism would actually benefit Sandman. Okay. If the, if the pace gets completely outta control. And we've seen that happen before in the Kentucky Derby. We saw it happen with Rich Strike in 2022, then it favors horses that, you know, are actually 16th, 17th, 18th. I think Rich Strike was 20th at one point early in the Kentucky Derby. That happens a lot at the Kentucky Derby.


My biggest concern is that journalism who's written by a jockey named Umberto Reley, who actually statistically has been better on grasp than he is on dirt, might get himself, might be positioned too close to a fast pace. That's my biggest concern about journalism. If the pace is fast, he needs to be 10 links off the pace. Now if that happens, sand band's gonna be rolling from the back of the pack. Sovereignty is gonna be rolling from the back of the pack. So we'll burn him square horses like that, it's gonna favor them. But otherwise, I think if he's ridden properly, I think journalism's, you know, clearly, clearly the horse to be, Hmm, What, what horse favor is, you know, benefits from rain, because obviously it looks like it's, it feels like it's been a Kentucky Derby tradition the last 10 years where it just feels like there's rain every year.


There's gonna be rain in the forecast. So if it's a sloppy track, what do we think? Like how does it change and is there a certain horse that you'll be looking at being like, now he, we might get a good price because this, this horse is gonna be better in the mud? You know, honestly, I would ignore the weather. Okay. I really would. Only because of this. Horses nowadays, when they run in the Kentucky Derby, are so inexperienced that, that none of them have really had, you know, any substantial experience running on that kind of a racetrack. So it's a crap shoot. You really don't know. And they're all such good horses that typically they'll be able to handle situations like that anyway.


So that's one variable that I wouldn't, I wouldn't be losing any sleepover. I like that. I, I like, I like making it, these are the type of things that Randy Moss gives us that I would've sat there being like, Ooh, how can I, again, outsmart everyone find an edge. Just forget about it. Forget about the we weather, Speaking of finding an edge, if you're watching the workouts, I know the horses do workouts the week before and, and they train. Can you get an edge from watching them how they, how they train? Can you be like, oh, that horse looks good, that that horse looks a little bit off compared to what I've seen before? Or are the trainers being very secretive and not trying to push the horses that much? And you can't really get an edge from that. The trainers are not being secretive. Everything is so out in the open here with all the media watching and all the works on TV and on YouTube and things like that, that there's, there's really no way to hide you the way you put that, that question is absolutely perfect.


And by that I mean, perfect question, perfect question. Workouts are only important if you have a frame of reference for that particular horse. Some horses work great every time you send 'em to the racetrack. Some horses just don't give a crap and they don't work well anytime you send 'em to the racetrack. And yet they run really good in the afternoons. Okay. That, that becomes just sort of part of the horse's personality, part of the horse's form. If you have a horse that normally works, lights out and suddenly he's just working, eh, so-so bad side. If you have a horse that normally works blockbuster and suddenly he's breaking watches, boom, that's a really good sign.


One of those kind of horses. The latter is sovereignty trained by Bill Ma, stretch runner ca dolphin second in the Florida Derby. He is always been just a very average workhorse, and he's looked a lot better in the morning here at Churchill Downs than he has in the past. And he's gonna be one of those horses running from the back of the pack. Okay. It's interesting. What is your, what's your favorite story about one of these horses in the Kentucky Derby? You always give us one or two of these horses where we're like, this is a cool story. I know American Pharaoh has a, has a child in this horse, in this race from Japan. But do you have anything, any cool nuggets that we can sound smart when we go to our Kentucky Derby parties?


Probably the coolest nugget is, and it's gonna be a big storyline in the Derby, and it has been all spring long, his horse named Cole Battle, who was trained by Lonnie Briley. If you've never heard of Lonnie Briley, no one else who follows the sport of horse racing had really heard of Lonnie Briley either until a few months ago. He is a 72-year-old guy, calls himself a coon ass from Louisiana, never had a graded stake horse of any kind before. Much less a Kentucky Derby horse and, and Lottie's here with, with Pole Battle, who's, you know, legitimately a decent 3-year-old, he's gonna be 20 to 1, 25 to one.


But I mean, here's a guy that's like, been a media darling back here just because he's just, it's like a kid in the candy store. He's never been here before. It's actually very stressful for him. Bob Baffert has really taken a liking to him, and Bob wanted to do a selfie with him. And Lonnie said, why, why you wanna do a selfie with old cooled ass like me? And Bob said, and Bob said, I wanna send it to my kids. And, and Lonnie was just, oh, he just, he just couldn't believe it. And then Bob was, Bob was joking with his wife about, about how nice that old man Lonnie Briley was, and Jill, his wife, said, oh man.


Said, you're as old as he is. And so Bob had to go to Wikipedia And Yeah, yeah, They're about, they're about the same age. Bob didn't like that. I Love that. That's perfect. Alright, so that, that's week, I think I'm gonna have to root for and bet on Lonnie Bri's horse, The coach o of horses. Yeah. Do we, do we have a, I I know we ask this every year, at some point a Japanese horse is gonna win the Kentucky Derby, right? Yeah, Yeah. Like, oh yeah. So is it any chance this year, Probably just because this is the year that I'm getting off Japanese. Two years ago, derma Soda Gki, I think I told you, I thought he had a hell of a chance to win. Didn't get out of the gate, wound up later in the year running second in the Breeders Cup classic last year forever young.


He's one of, if not the best dirt horses in the world right now. He probably should have won the Kentucky Derby last year. He got beat ahead in a nose and was interfered with the length of stretch this year. Luxor Cafe is the best of the two Japanese horses. He doesn't look to be as good as forever young, at least in terms of, you know, the analytics, the final times and stuff like that. You go back and watch his last race in Japan, like you could see it on YouTube and it's like, whoa, boy, did that look good? But who did he run against? We don't really know. So, bottom blind, I'm getting off the Japanese this year, so this will be the year. They'll probably win. Okay.


Noted. Our friend Mike Otley has a horse in this race as well. Does he have a chance to win? He's Got a, he's got a long shot chance to hit the board. Grande is the horse's name. It looked like Todd Pletcher and Mike Otley weren't gonna have anything in the Kentucky Derby this year. And then suddenly Grande steps up and runs second in the wood memorial. He was wide on both turns, especially the first turn. So you gotta move him up a little bit. He got a pretty good number. He's gonna be 20 to one. I would definitely throw him into your trifectas in your super ECT as, I don't think you can win necessarily, but you know, he's, he's in with a chance at a big price. Okay. He should feed his horse body arm or before the race, be like, okay, we gotta we gotta get your pH levels correct here.


Yeah. Put on some nobles Body water. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Dumb question for you, Randy. Let's say Secretariat Prime, secretariat Best Horse ever. We don't know if steroids were involved. We'll just say Best Horse ever. So Prime Secretariat up against this field, but I'm on the on Secretariat. Do I have any chance You're on Secretariat? I'm on Secretariat. All right. In the morning when you, when you're in the bathroom and you pull out the scale and you step on it, what, what did the scale set? What, what does the scale say? It's anywhere from like 2 35 to 40, 45 ish No Shot. Somewhere around there.


No Shot shot, no shot. Big Cat, no shot. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry to tell you that When I finish dead last Probably, Ah, Shit. But they would go back in 30 years and review the tape and be like, no, he actually finished in second place, not dead last. Even if you were an accomplished equestrian No. At that, at that weight riding Secretariat? No. He'd be, he'd be up the track. Alright, So what weight would I have to get to for me to win on Secretariat and, and again on in this hypothetical, I am the best jockey. I I have a perfect trip with Secretariat in This field. Yeah. Get down to about a hundred and between 135 and 140. Ugh, That's Spider could win on secretary.


He actually could. Yeah. Do horses ever, has there ever been a, a time that you've seen a jockey get on a horse and the horse is just like, this guy's way too big. I don't get paid enough for this. Horses have probably felt that way, or he probably have, you know, unfortunately they don't know how to fight, how to communicate that. But, you know, weight is a little overrated in horse racing just a little bit, just because the horses themselves weigh anywhere from a thousand to 1200 pounds. You know, wait till you see Citizen Bull, he looks like a Clydesdale. This sucker, they, they, they didn't name him Bull because of that. They named him after the Citizen Bullhead watch that I think was made famous by Brad Pitt and Once Upon a Time in Hollywood I think was the movie.


So that's how they got the name Citizen Bull. But this horse looks like a bull. But my point being that when horses are that big and that stout, you know, two or three, four extra pounds on their back doesn't really make all that much of a difference. But when you're talking about 235 pounds, yeah, maybe not. Okay, that makes sense. There was a, a debate that that took over the internet this week. You may have seen it, it's could a hundred men defeat a silverback gorilla? And everyone was saying, no, they can't. That's the gorilla is too powerful. I personally think that they could, could a hundred men beat up the Kentucky Derby winning horse? Oh yes. Horses are, horses are not nearly as, as, as robust and as a, as a silverback gorilla.


Horses are pretty fragile. And I agree with you. Okay. I got that question the other day on a, on an interview. It depends on who the 100 men are, right? Yeah. Yeah. 100 jockeys, probably not, you know, the right 100 men who are just crazy enough, I think they could probably also, I think they probably also handle it, it still holdback Grill. Yeah, I would Agree with that. Yep. What about a hundred? We a hundred jockeys verse what about a hundred Randy Moss versus a thousand jockeys? 10 to one? I think that, I think jockeys would, I, I think the jockeys would still, would still take me a thousand to a hundred. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.


How many horse racing Randy Moss would it take to beat up one football player? Randy Moss? Ooh, how about, well, let's see. I'm not much of a, I'm not much of a fighter. How about 15? 15? Okay, I'll take that. I 15 Randy Moss versus one Randy Moss. Yeah. Alright, let's talk real quick about Friday so everyone can see Randy Moss. He'll be on all the coverage NBC Peacock, he's gonna be wall to wall. It's a great racing weekend. I think a lot of people think it's just the Kentucky Derby. There's some awesome races, especially The Oaks on Friday. So, do you have a pick for us Friday? Or you could go Saturday in the Undercard if you have an different pick that we should be looking at.


I got, I got a few of 'em here to give you. First of all, in the Kentucky Oaks, the big favorite is Good cheer. I think she's undefeated. She's six for six, she's six to five in the program line. I think she's worth taking a shot against just because her numbers are not all that great. There's a horse in there named Quiet Side that I think would be worth the play, despite her number 14 post position. So it'd be 14 Quiet Side. There's another horse in there by the name of Ballerina Doro, who breaks from post number six and then the number two in. There's a horse called Simply Joking. So I think if you were to just to box right box quiet side and simply joking and Ballerina Doro and try to beat good cheer like in an Exacta box or something, you might be able to get a pretty nice payoff there.


And then earlier on the card, there's a race called the La Troy in. You may have heard of Torpedo Anna. She won the Kentucky Oaks last year. She was named Horse of the Year last year. She hasn't lost since then. She's two for two this year at Oaklawn Park in Hot Springs. She's gonna be a big favorite. Again. I think she is a heavy favorite. That might be worth a bet against. Chad Brown has a couple of horses in that race and one of 'em is named randomized and the other's named Raging Sea. Honestly, I would play a trifecta and put torpedo and a third that's almost heresy and horse racing.


But I would u but I would use randomized who's got a wire to wire possibility there. And then Raging Sea on top of torpedo Anna, and really try to swing for the fences in that one as well. Okay, I've got all these, I'm, I'm gonna bet all of them. That's Friday. All right? Yeah. You want me bounce through Saturday real quick? I got a couple for You. Yes sir. Please, Please. In the four, in the fourth race in the Knicks go, there's a horse called Castle Chaos. I think he's the four horse. You might wanna double check that, but his name's Castle Chaos. He's 20 to one in the program. He hasn't won a race since 2023. And I'm telling you, he's got a hell of a chance to win the Knicks go at a I I'm not expecting him to be 20 to one.


I'm expecting more like 10 to one, 12 to one. But still, I mean, I think Castle Chaos has a big shot. And then in the Pat Day Mile, that's the sixth race, there's a horse that's six to one in the program called Gate to Wire. That's not the way he runs. He'll be back in the pack a little bit, but the pace looks pretty fast. Todd Pletcher iss the trainer, and I think Gate to wire in the pad, day Miles gonna be a pretty good play as well. Okay. Okay. I'm on it. I like it. What about in the Derby? Is there, is there a horse that if it puts it all together, if it runs its best race, maybe that the crazy horse that we always talk about, the one that has all the talent but has not found a way to harness it correctly, maybe a little mentally, you know, a little goofy.


Is there a horse like that, a wild card that we might want to take a shot on as a, as a long shot? Now this is, this is a huge long shot and I don't think he can necessarily win, but you can put him into your supers and your tries and maybe really try to kill the world. His name is Final Gambit. He's trained by Brad Cox. He's probably gonna be 40 something to one, maybe 50 to one. He won the Jeff Ruby Stakes on synthetic. He's never run on dirt before, but since he's never run on dirt before, what we don't know is maybe he's even better on dirt. We don't know.


He's training really well on dirt at Churchill Downs. Brad Cox has been really surprised how well he is trained. He'll be last early, probably he'll be way back there. But if the face is fast, he'll be running and he may be able to, you know, pass some tired horses and get up for third or fourth at 50 to one. You never know. Okay. Alright. Yeah, I mean, I, I've, you've convinced me on journalism and it's ba it's basically for everyone who's listening now is to try to find a way, especially if journalism goes off at two to one, is find a way to make money with some of the exotics and some, you know, who, who's gonna be under journalism. Yeah. So journalism, So Sovereignty, journalism, sovereignty, and then underneath that in the third and fourth spots, then you got Sandman, then you got Burnham Square, then you've got the Japanese source, Luxor Cafe, right?


Then you've got the source final gambit. So yeah, you can spread on the third, in the third and fourth spots and, and maybe get a really nice payoff. Yeah. Okay.


Alright. Well, Randy, I have one last question for you. It's the Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take Randy, what is, who's your favorite horse ever? I've never heard of him. Well, let's just tell us why. I, I just wanna know, I like, part of why I love you, Randy, is because I'm a big believer. If you can find anyone who's passionate about anything, I'm interested. So your passion for horse racing makes me interested. So tell us, even though we never heard of him, why you love this horse, because that will be interesting in its own right.


When I was a kid, and I'm talking, I was 12 years old at the time. I had just started handicapping for a newspaper in Little Rock under somebody's name when I was 12 years old. They didn't want anyone to know. A 12-year-old was dispensing financial advice. There was a horse running in Arkansas that actually wound up coming to Churchill Downs and setting a six fur long track record that held for about 25 years. He was a white horse, not officially white. He was gray, but he was almost white. It was unbelievably popular in Arkansas where I grew up. His name was Barbon Streak. He even had a great name.


He was an Arkansas bred horse who loved to win. After he retired, I went to see him at the farm in Arkansas and they would feed him carrots from time to time. I got pictures of him on my office wall. Yeah. Barbon streak. Oh, that's pretty incredible. I love it. But wait, I wanna hear more about how you got a a a job handicapping horses at the age of 12. Well, I was through a friend of a friend. I met the guy who actually was doing the picks for a long time for a newspaper in Arkansas called the Arkansas Gazette. It was the oldest newspaper west of the Mississippi, believe it or not. And it was a chore to type all the stuff in and make the comments on all the horses and all that.


So he paid me $20 a week for a friend of a friend, even though I didn't know how to type on an old manual typewriter to do all the entries for him every day. And I was a, I did speed figures back then. I was a pretty sharp handicapper, even as a 12-year-old, I was a numbers kid and I noticed that he was not a very good handicapper. And so I started changing some of his picks very judiciously, very, you know, and I would tell him, I said, Hey, Don, that was cocky, you know, cocky ass 12-year-old kid who do I think I am? You know, I I changed this pick. I think this horse is gonna win. And like the first five or six I changed wound up winning. And so he told me, he said, all right kid. He said, you, why don't you make all the picks from now on?


And they had a competition in the press box among all of the newspaper handicaps, a thousand dollars at the beginning of the meet. At the end of the meet he ever picked the most winners winner took all, he never won. He always got this thousand dollars taken away that year. He won a thousand dollars. And so I, I kept doing it until I took it over myself in my own name when I was in college. That's Incredible. That's a great story. What did he, Did he give you, did he give you a taste of the thousand dollars when he won? No, he, he bump me up to th what he bump me up to $30 a week. Okay. Alright. That's incredible though. And, and off what Big Cat said, what's the biggest hit that you've ever had on a horse?


You really wanna know? Yeah, yeah. In the early nineties, one of my best friends who was a, an attorney worked with Hillary Clinton, actually at a law firm in Little Rock, an insane gambler guy by the name of Dave Thomas. He and I went into partnership playing to pick six, which was really huge back then. At one point we had the, the highest payoffs ever recorded in the state of Louisiana and the state of Oklahoma. Simultaneously, we had a $500,000 pick six at Louisiana Downs and almost a $400,000 pick. Six at Remington Park in Oklahoma and some other slightly smaller pick sixes as well.


Yeah, that was that a pretty good day? That was, that was back in the day when the pick six was, was just really hellacious to play. Holy shit. What was the price of those tickets? The first one was 15,000. Okay, Okay. And the second one in Oklahoma, we actually played two tickets. One of 'em was like about a five or $6,000 ticket, but the one we hit it on was like a $27 ticket. No way. Oh my God. Holy shit. What, What did you do to celebrate? Oh, we, we took everybody in the press box out to dinner. Holy shit. So 20. So you like had, how many horses did you use? Like 10 total. Like that's insane. Something like that. We had a couple of long shots that we liked that we thought had a chance that we didn't put on the main ticket.


And so we played the ancillary ticket and singled those two long shots and they both wound up winning and then the rest of 'em were, you know, were logical top two kind of picks. So yeah. That's insane. That's great. That's an incredible ticket because you always, whenever someone hits a pick six, I always wonder because you know, there's always one, the one guy who has like a hundred thousand dollars pick six where he used all on every single race. Yeah. And you're like, all right, $27 ticket on a pick six. It's 400,000. Geez. Alright, Randy, you're the best. We can't wait to see you on Kentucky Derby Saturday on Friday for The Oaks. Thank you so much for always coming on and we'll see you in a couple weeks for the Preakness. All right guys, I'll be ready for you. Take care.


Randy Moss was brought to you by our great friends of our Aura Frames. Mother's Day gifts can be a little predictable and a little bit boring, but Aura Frames was named the best digital photo frame by Wirecutter. And Aura Frames are guaranteed to mix things up this year. Aura Frames come with unlimited storage, so you can share as many photos as you want from your phone to Mom's Ora Frame. Not only will she be grateful that it's not ano another gift card, she'll also love that an Ora Frame means that she gets to see more of you. It's a perfect Mother's Day gift. I got my mom an Ora Frame for Christmas. She loves it. I can upload pictures directly to her photo frame from my phone across the country. She gets an update. Cute picture of Blake, guess what? Boom, it's going on the Aura frame. She loves it. It's also super easy to set up and Aura has a great deal for Mother's Day. For a limited time, listeners can save on the perfect gift by visiting Aura Frames dot com to get 35 bucks off, plus free shipping on their bestselling carver mat frame. That's Aura Frames dot com promo code P-M-T-A-U-R-A frames.com promo code PMT support the show. Mention us at checkout terms and conditions apply.


Randy Moss was also brought to you by our great friends over at Golf Time. Barstool Golf Time. What season is it? It's golf season. Hank knows. Hank knows. If you're looking for an easier way to get on the course, we've got you covered. Because the barsol golf time app makes it easy for golfers to find the best tee times at the best prices. Stop searching all over Google for your next tee time. Stop going through the hassle of calling courses. You can search multiple courses in your area from one app and get your tee time set within seconds. With every frame, with every action you take in the app, you can earn reward points, which can be redeemed for free. Merch in the Barstool store. This May. We got a big promotion going. It's all month long. The top five golfers who play the most rounds through Barstool Golf time through May 31st will end. They will win. Win a Barstool Chicago HQ tour experience the top five golfers. Hank you might win that. I'm gunning for it. Who would you want to give you the tour here at Barstool? Probably Mincy Mincy would do a hell of a job giving the tour Plus. And I, I will personally guarantee you that Hank will give one of the winners the tour. Yep. Hank will do it. You know what, we can hit some balls in the simulator too. You're such a good guy, Hank. Yeah. What a good guy for the company. So that's for the top five golfers who play the most rounds through the Barstool Golf Time app through May 31st, they will win a Barstool Chicago HQ tour experience. Plus one additional winner will be selected at random from golfers who play at least one round through the app in May. So really, you just have to play one time to get your name in the hat and if you play a lot, you could win. Spring is finally here. So come golf with us. Download the Bartol golf time app today. And now here's Joachim Noah.


And Now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest, recurring guest. It is the legend, Joe Kim Noah in studio. Joe, we gotta start with congratulations. Florida's back. Florida is fucking bad guys. It feels great. Where'd You watch the game? I was in Casablanca in Morocco. Okay. And I was, I felt like I was really missing out. I wanted to be at the game, but I've been working with this NBA Africa League And we finally brought it to Morocco. It was so dope. So on the championship night, I went to the mosque. I fucking prayed, I prayed my ass off.


I'm not Muslim, but it, it helped, I don't know what ha what happened, but it, there was something about praying in that moss for the G of boys and that run that they went on, man, that that was a hell of a run. They went on. Yeah. It, it's gotta feel like, because you, you know, obviously when you were there, you guys won back to back national titles and then it kind of fell off for a little bit. So it's gotta feel weirdly like, hey, we're back. And all the stuff we built, like there's, now you can look back and be like, yeah, there's legacy here, there's there's history here, let's go on another run. Yeah. I mean, not just for basketball, football, title, title school, man, you know, you, but there's nothing like coming back with that trophy.


You come back to school. I can't imagine how those young people was feeling coming back to school and just enjoying those last couple weeks. Yeah. Like, holy shit. How, how long did the party last when you guys would came back from your national titles? Well, the good part about our shit was there was no social media. So we could really kind of let our nuts hang. Yeah. You Know? Yeah. It's a good way to put it. Yeah. It, it's just, it's, it's more, it's it's corporate now. You know, these kids are getting paid. It's a, it's a different thing, but I mean, from looking at the videos and it looked, it looked wildes shit. Yeah. Yeah. So when, when you were there, everybody was winning when you were at Florida, did, did the basketball team respect the football team's titles?


Did the, did the football team respect the basketball team? Or was there like a rivalry between you Guys? Nah, and you know, that's, that's a great question because great question. A lot of, a lot of these campuses have like these kind of internal tensions between the sports. Yeah. We didn't have that. We had a guy by the name of Chris Richard, who ended up playing, he was playing with us on the Bulls for a couple years, but, and he was our backup center, but somebody who was really cool with the football guys And we ended up just, you know, we were living on the, in the same dorms. Right. So we were, we were all really tight and supporting each other. We had, we had a, a good vibe between each other. So If you had to say gun to your head, is, is Florida a football school or a basketball school?


Ooh, it's very important. Have to Pick. You have to pick one. You have to pick, have to Pick, have to pick. It's a football school. Yeah. Yeah. It's A football school, but it's okay. It's okay. You know, football brings in the money, but at the end of the day, a a chip is a chip. Like, you come back and you go to grog house and you go to the bar. You're not talking about is this a football score or basketball Cool. Like, this is You're having Coming. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's All that matters. Right. What else? What else matters? How, how are you feeling physically? You turned 40. Congrats on turning 40. Thanks. We also turned 40, all 85. Wow. I Think we all look Great. Yeah. We all look still Play.


Same Age LeBron. Do you, do you feel good though? I mean, like, or can you, are there days where you wake up and you're like, oh yeah, I did play in the NBA for a really long time. Like I'm not, I'm not, you know, monkey dunking all over the place, that's for sure. But, you know, body feels pretty good, you know, eight surgeries later. What we list them all, You know, three knees, an achilles, two shoulders, both my thumbs. I mean, damn plant fe the whole, I mean the whole thing. Yeah. You know. Do You, when, when you're watching the league today, are you like, when Ja does his, you know, gr grenade launcher, his Uzi, you're like, why I started that, You know, I'm, You would've gone fired.


I'm So, I'm so happy you said that because if it would've came from me and said that I was the first one shooting guns. Yeah. Yeah. Nobody believes Me. Yeah. They're like, yeah, you were shooting gun. What? When you shot a jumper? I was like, yeah, I didn't just play defense. I had a little 15 footer. Yeah. But you know, my guns, I, I had, I had people guns. They were little pistols. Yeah, yeah. They was little pistols, shooters. It was sweet. It wasn't grenades and snipers and all This Shit that's going on now. And You put them away on your own volition. You didn't have to be told by the NBA to put 'em away. Yeah. I put 'em away. 'cause Chicago's a wild place. But you know what, when the games got hot, when the i I was shooting my Yeah, yeah. And if you do it like the cartoon style.


Yeah. It was Kind of What it was. And the jaw obviously there he's had some issues with with the real thing. Yeah. So him doing the handgun, it's like, okay, maybe don't do that. But then he went over the top and now he's doing grenades, which now I'm back on the Yeah. He let Jah throw grenades. Yeah. He should be allowed to do that. You know, when you win ball games, it cures everything. Yeah, that's true. So unfortunately they have a lot of soul searching to do over there in Memphis. And, you know, their, their fan base is awesome. They, you know, they really have a, a brand of basketball, you know, that grit and grind, that Zebo and t and Tony Allen like put together that, you know, the fans love that because it represents them so well.


So, you know, we want, we, we wanna see John and, and JJ and all those guys like really represent that. So it'll be interesting to see what happens. 'cause they, they need, they need to really step it up and have a big summer. Yeah. Yeah. After the season's over do, do you take like a cleanse from basketball when you were playing? Would you say, okay, I'm not gonna, not gonna practice, not gonna play Cancun on three? Or was it like, did you, did you struggle to separate from the game? I was definitely not a Cancun on three. I mean, I was going to Cancun after a while, but that first week after losing in the playoff was for me was, it was really dark. Like I had, I had a bottle of whiskey by the bed.


Because You cared. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe a little too much. I mean, I mean I guess that's just the way it is. You know, when you're playing in NB at so many games, you have to be levelheaded. And I was not that, you know, it was like if we were winning, I was too crunk. And if we lost it was like, I, I couldn't sleep for days. Right. So I have two, two questions about the playoffs. We saw the heat magic game. So we're gonna run this Friday. We saw the heat magic game on Monday night. Sorry, the heat calves. Yeah. Calves killed them. Heat looked like they were ready to go home. Like PF T's saying Cancun on three, the Bulls haven't won a home playoff game since the, I think it was 2015 series against the Cavs, which I was at that whole series.


Yeah. The D Rose buzzer beater, then LeBron went back then game six. It did feel, not that the Bulls quit, but it was like, this kind of feels like the end. Could you feel that in that game where it's like, 'cause that was when change started happening, Tibs got fired. Like, you know, everything kind of changed. Could you feel it like in that game, going into that game, like Yeah, this might be, this is, we're starting to lose a little bit of the pull on the rope. 'cause you see teams have That. Yeah. I mean, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's, you realize now that it's over with, you realize how fragile keeping a whole thing together is. Right. And that, that game is a game that I try not to remember too much.


It, it sucked. You know, you want to come prepared, it's at home. You're big game six against LeBron. This guy kicked our ass for the last three years or three times we played him And we had a real shot at it. And unfortunately we just, we stunk it up in game six. Yeah. That was a wild series. Wild series. And then the other question I had was, 'cause you know, the Rockets, so like I said, we're gonna run this Friday, so we don't know how the rockets warriors next games go. Yeah. But I always am of the belief that even if you are a great team, the regular season, if you're a young team in the playoffs, you have to go through the wars to kind of get, you know, to the next rounds. You went through that where, like, going through the wars, what is it about a young team where it's so different in the playoffs because it's, it's happened in all NBA history.


Like no. Yeah. No. First team just goes on a run. Yeah. So what is that about like a young team and, and the difference in playoff basketball? Yeah. It's, It's, it's your first time feeling it. Yeah. You know, experience is, it's, it's real, you know, and you gotta give a shout out to tho those games are just awesome to watch. Worse. This is a fucking war going on outside. Nobody is fucking safe. And I'm watching this shit goosebumps. My first three years out the league, I couldn't even watch basketball. Really? Yeah. It was, it was, yeah. It was just, it took me a while to process what happened and you know, it's like, you're still looking at the game like, yo, I used to, I used to fuck this dude up and he's still in there.


So it just, it just takes a little while to, to process. Okay. It's over with, you know, just watch the game as a fan. Right. And not as a competitor. And I love watching that series, that Houston Golden State series. Like, because those guys are biggest as fuck strong Houston. Houston got a lot of tough guys. I love watching Amen. Thompson. But what, what Draymond is doing. Right. Single-handedly saying, okay, all you motherfuckers over here who've, all you tough guys over here, I want all the smoke. Yeah. And now he got Jimmy as well. Like, what Jimmy's doing, you know what he, when he fell on his back, I was like, how the fuck is this guy gonna come back and what he's doing over there?


You gotta give big credit to Jim because I think this is probably his best shot at winning a championship. Yeah. And it does feel like, Jimmy, like even you saw it on Monday night when like Jimmy's kind of getting, talking shit to Dylan Brooks and getting in his head and, and like Dylan Brooks is a player who you can get him to do something stupid. He fouled at the end of the game for that. Basically was the difference in the game. Like, are those the little things that, you know, a young team, they just don't know how to deal with those like, pressure moments guys, you know, jawing at them getting under their skin. 'cause it is, it is fun to watch like this old team, The Warriors that are not, they're not the peak warriors even close going against like this new team and The Warriors have kind of the tricks.


All right. So Golden State game on the line. The world knows who's getting the ball. The game on the line, Houston game on the line. Who's getting the ball? Yeah. I don't know. Jalen didn't want it last night. Okay. He Just wasn't Shooting. Okay. So Jalen wasn't shooting up and down all year. Delete Fred. Fred. Okay. So you'll give it, so you, you're the coach, you're giving the ball to Fred? I think I'd give it to Fred. Okay. Or I might just give it to Dylan Brooks and just be like, this is gonna be funny. You said three different guys. Yeah. You can't, you can't. That's the answer. You can only give it to one. That's the problem. The Real answer would probably be Fred. Okay. Probably. But it is kind of a, like does that is 'cause we mock that like there's only one ball, but sometimes the NBA is that easy where it's like if you don't have the guy at the end of the game, you're In trouble.


You're in big trouble. And you gotta know, and it's look game on the line last possession. It's not like the regular season where six guys are listening in that timeout, the whole bench. Everybody who's in that organization is listening to who the coach has given the ball to. You know what I mean? Right. Look, they gave it to Shang Goon dream. I got a big stop. That's what it's all about. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Well you said about, about Draymond, his interest. I wanna talk about it a little bit more because when we watch Draymond play, he's, he's fun to watch, he's entertaining, he's just all energy. Sometimes he goes over that line.


But I also think that he's a very, very smart guy. I think in terms of his basketball IQ especially, he's super smart and I think his teammates love him. Obviously you can win big games, you can win championships with a guy like Draymond, even though he does appear to, you know, lose control sometimes. But when you're watching him, what is it about Draymond that you think makes him so special as a basketball player as opposed to other guys? Like maybe a Dylan Brooks that might cross some lines, but at the end of the day, it doesn't necessarily help their team win. Well, Draymond got four championships, so you can't, you, you know, he's a, he's a starting championship center or whatever position he plays. But, you know, people always make fun about his stats.


But this is so much more than stats. You got Steven Adams and Shang Goon. They're two 300 pound guys. This guy's 6 6 2 50 fucking like bring it. Okay. So find me five of those who are ready to go into that battle, you know? So honestly you can't, what, what Draymond brings to the team is so much more than just what you see on a stat line. It's so much more than just the surface. You know, he's the one who's bringing the energy and making sure that everybody's ready to go. Steph, Steph can be Steph. Nobody's fucking Steph up because Draymond is gonna be right there fucking, you know, putting you in a choke hold if you can try.


Yeah. So, yeah. So he, sometimes he goes over the line. But you know what, sometimes as a team, that gives you confidence knowing that you have a guy who's willing to do anything. And that's, and Golden State has his back and they've showed it over and over. Every time he stepped over the, the line. Yeah. They got his back. It says a lot about the organization. We got our guy over there, the gm, dun Dunlevy, another crazy Irish guy that I got to be in some, some battles with. And he was just like, yo, there's no question. Like, we gotta get, and when everybody was questioning Jimmy's character and stuff, I mean, it just fit like a glove, right? Yeah. As soon as he got there. And I think it's just like, it's a, it's a great fit for him just to be in a situation right now where you gotta respect what Steph's done.


You gotta respect what Draymond is, and now he can come in and just be himself where it's not just him being the alpha, it's about me. No, no, no, no. This is about winning a championship. This is about his teammates. And you can tell just the way he talks about his guy. Like, he's been there for, what, three months And you can, you feel like he's been there for five years. Yeah. It's, it's gotta be great for him too, because at the end of his, his time in Miami, he's, you know, undoubtedly one of the best players. He's earned the respect of any, any team that might have him as a player. Yeah. And seemed like Miami was still treating him the same way that they would a, a rookie or a young player. And then he goes to Golden State. And I think Steve Kerr's rules were just be, you show up on time for practice, show up on time for games.


And besides that, like I'm, I'm gonna let you do whatever it is you need to do to get ready for that. Are there some organizations that, that you've found to be like, is it, is it a better idea generally to treat your veterans with, you know, a different set of rules where if you can trust them or have there been times I don't, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe it's like teams that do it my way or the highway. Maybe that in your experience has been better. I think it just, it depends on the coach. It depends on the coach. But, you know, vets have played in big games and you can trust them more. You know, you're seeing it in the Houston Golden State series. You know, if Stephanie needs a day off from from practice, you give him a day off from practice and that's just, yeah.


And everybody shut the fuck up. You Don't take away his cookies on the plane. Yeah. But did you see that story about LeBron and his cookies? No. Tell me about it. Well, apparently when they were flying, when he was on the heat, they would, they came up, he would bring a bag of cookies onto the plane every time he liked to eat chocolate chip cookies. And they came and they took his bag of cookies away because Pat Riley, the, he, they were watching his weight and they're like, you can't have these cookies. And LeBron, That's a great, that's a great bar stool story right now. It is a great bar stool Story. It's a true story. And LeBron was like, what the fuck did take my cookies at that moment? Dwayne Wade said that he, he knew that their time was coming to an end in Miami. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's the reason earlier is the cookies Took the cookies on the plane. Yeah. Fuck That. My god. That's a great story. I got a question. So you obviously, your dad, a French legend, what the hell is going on in France with basketball?


How the hell are they just creating all these mutants? It's happening in the WNBA too. That's right. What's going on? Great development system out there. Great. Do you think it's better than the us? Like do you think that the US is actually, 'cause I know there's a real discussion, like AAU culture, all that. Do you think that some of these European countries are starting to get a leg up because their development mental leagues Big Cat? You're asking all the right questions, all the right Questions, All the right questions. And you know what? I think it's, it's time to start asking those questions. Yeah. Because you can tell people around the world, they're level, they're leveling up right now. And I grew up playing in France until I was 12, and then I moved to New York City.


So I played in two grassroots systems. The French grassroots system is interesting because the pro teams have 10-year-old teams, 12-year-old teams, 14-year-old teams, 16-year-old teams. And then on Saturday, you can go see the pros play. So every single time you play a game, the next level is playing right after you. Right. So you get to see what it takes to play at the next level. And if you're good enough, the 10-year-old might play on the 12. You, you, you play up. Right. You play up. And another thing that they do really well is they, they coach it as a team sport.


It's not the superstar thing. Right. And they, or, and if you have a shot to be an NBA prospect, well you have like the top French general managers coming to your house and coming to talk to the parents about what the expectations are. So they, they're ready now. And when we, when we first got to the league, there was two or three French players playing in. That's it. And what Tony Parker did was, was huge because it allowed the kids to be inspired and dream. And, and, and now we got wema. Yeah. You Know, so, so what's the fix in the us? Like I saw there was a clip that went viral the other day that was like, might've been like Lithuania or something, and it was 12 year olds playing and they were moving the ball, like it was like the 2016 Warriors.


Yeah. Like they were all, no one stopped moving. They were all cutting. They were just like passing the ball at the top and cutting and cutting. And then they get a, you know, a layup. What is it in America that has to change to, to get back to that style of basketball? Well, we're definitely in a, in a, in a transition period where something, something different's going on where these kids are getting paid a lot of money. So players have a lot of power right now. You know, you, you have a 16-year-old kid who's making three, $4 million, what the fuck is a coach gonna say? Right. And I'm not hating on kids getting paid because you know what, this is what it is. At the end of the day. You can't be playing in on national TV with billions of dollars on the line with television revenues out the going crazy.


Yep. And the kids don't get shit. Yeah. So, okay. I think that the marketing is a, is a good, it's a good step. But this is a business. It's a big business. And we were getting bamboozled the whole time. So now at least kids are getting paid and they deserve it. That being said, for the development of the game, they're, there needs to be a change, right? Yeah. 'cause it is, I mean, when you think about it, like, would you, when you were at Florida, if you were making say, $2 million, would you have, would you have been as open to coaching as maybe you were at the time? Like, would you think your attitude would've been a little different If I had $2 million in the bank?


Yeah. At Florida, Everybody's added two changes when they got $2 million. Right. It's nature, it's not, it's not like a accusatory thing to the kids because it's just like, if you have money, it's just changes your perspective. Look, To be a champion, to be called champ, you have to sacrifice. It's not all about you. You know? And I think that we understood that as a team in college, And we love, we love playing with each other so much that we ended up coming back to school. Right. And it's something that I'm really, there was, there was no money involved. And I, I say that with, you know, that's the truth, right? There was no money. It was legit one through five, I think average 13 points.


I average like 13.2. Lee Humphrey averaged 12.7. We were all averaging the same amount of points. You take one thing away, all right, he's the hot man, he's getting the rock. And it was just second nature for us to, to, to be able to, to play ball the right way. And you realize after playing in the NBA for 14 years, that's rare, right? Where you have that kind of chemistry, you know, we are always talking about stats and this, but like, nobody ever talks about chemistry on the court. I think that's a really interesting thing. What, What, when you guys decided to come back, who started it?


Who was the first person who was like, Hey, should we just do this? Should we come back? And was there ever a point where you thought maybe like Al or anyone else was like kind of leaning towards leaving? I mean, if, if Phy left, I would've definitely left. So he was kind of the linchpin in that. I wouldn't say phy, I would say Corey. Yeah, Corey, you know, I think that Al was in a situation where he didn't have to worry too much about his family. You know, his dad was an NBA player, toing, same thing. Dad was an NBA player for me, you know, it was, I money was not an issue. You know, I didn't have to worry about, you know, making sure mom had food in the fridge. Right. For Corey, it was a little bit different when he was like, okay, when I, when I went to Corey's hometown and I saw where he was from, and for him to say, we're coming back to school, like, I'm getting goosebumps just, just thinking about it because he's the one who had the real decision to make.


Right. If he would've left, we would've all left. Right. You know, that's how, that's how fragile this thing is. And, you know, coach Donovan's just so good at, you know, just getting us hyped. He, he knew what he was doing. Yeah. So he got us in the locker room and he was just like, guys, let's, let's fucking do this shit again. And it was like the, it was the same week that we had won the championship. And, and honestly, it's, it's something that I would never tell a kid to do what we did. Right. 'cause kids come up, they, they, they ask me like, oh, I think I wanna come back to school. They have these allegiances to these schools. And I, but that being said, I'm really proud that we did that, You know?


Yeah. It's a very cool, it probably will never happen again that way. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, you obviously had UConn went back to back, but like, they changed their team. What you guys did will, especially in today's college with the tra transfer portal and everything, it'll never happen again. For sure. Yeah. That's pretty cool. Do you know the, the French Canadian guy that's on Florida now, the freshman Olivier Ru The big fella? The big fella, seven foot nine. Have you met him? I haven't met him. I, I would love to see him play one-on-one against you. I would love that too. Yeah. That would be dope. He, no, it wouldn't be very fun at all. You gotta Get him here. No, That, that dude, whenever I would see him out there, like cutting the nets down, they'd bring him out to cut the nets and he would just stand underneath the basket and cut it down. I'd be like, why the fuck isn't this guy playing?


Can you imagine him at the bar like handing out shots? No. Classic. No. You can't get away with shit. Oh, yeah. Who, who, since you started watching again, it's fascinating that it took you three years. Like you just didn't watch any ball. I couldn't do it, man. That's Crazy. Couldn't do it. It was, Was it like, if it was on tv, you turned the channel? Yeah, just, I, I I didn't feel comfortable. Yeah. It's, it's a, it's a weird thing, you know, competition is a, is a strange thing. I had to just completely change my mindset when I was done playing where Okay. Everything that I thought that, everything that I thought that I was every, like, I had to change my whole, my whole mindset.


Right? 'cause you're not joking. No. You're NBA player. A competitor. Yeah. Yeah. You're not gonna play, you're not playing in front of 20,000 people anymore, like the gladiator shit is over with. And now it's about trying to talk to the next generation and, and hopefully you can inspire them with, through your experience to, to be able to be the best players that they can be. So Like, in those three years, were you, 'cause a lot of, obviously a lot of athletes talk about this, you know, when they retire, it's really hard to kind of figure out what the next step is. Was there, were there times where you were depressed and like down to a point where it's like, shit, I don't really know what direction I'm going in. Mm.


Depression? I wouldn't say depression. My life was pretty awesome. You know, it's actually the, the best sleep I've ever had. I, my anxiety just went down 10 notches. I sleep a lot better. But yeah, as soon as I started watching the game, like those feelings would come back and, you know, they weren't always good thoughts. Right. You know, they were, they were, they were negative. So I didn't like the way it made me feel watching basketball. So when I started watching basketball as a fan, and now I could look at Amen Thompson and be like, damn. Like I like, I like this guy.


You know? Or people talk about, oh, there's no defense. Yeah. Watch that guy play basketball. Right. You know, like, they're there. It's just, let's stop generalizing and also realize that there was a narrative around the league this year that this shit got so soft, but that wasn't coming from the players that was coming from up top because they wanted more scoring. Right. So as soon as they, as soon as that narrative started, you know, getting louder and louder, something changed. Because these playoffs right now are fucking fun to watch. They're so Much fun, Fun to watch. Who, Who is, since you started watching again, who's your favorite young player to watch?


I love the Thompson. The Thompson twins. You love the Thompsons. The Thompson twins are just dogs. I, I, I love watching the dog. I love watching dogs. What About an ant? An is doing his thing. He's A dog. He's a dog. You to, like, when he was pushing LeBron, when He was pushing LeBron at half, I'm like, what, what is this football like this? But I just thought that, you know, it's like people don't realize like, yo LeBron's 2, 270 pounds. Right. Like Anthony's 200, 2 10 max, you know, you got 60 pounds on him. That's, that's a lot of weight. Yeah. And it is just, it was just dope to watch just that kind of competition. Like, all right, I'm gonna take your little ass in the post. Like that competition, that level of co even Rudy like hit him in the back of the head.


I'm like, yo, you know, people don't like the competition piece. The ugly piece of the competition. I think that's what we love Yes. As fans. Yep. Is like, you, you love watching that. You know what, this isn't always pretty like, oh, we love each other. We're brothers, we're hugging. Like, I hated that shit. Yeah. Yeah. But now I'm seeing this like, yo, you're trying to get what I want and nothing's gonna get in the way of that. And we're getting back to that kind of basketball and it's, it's really fun to watch. Yeah. And it's really good for the league too. It's 'cause fans wanna see the players that, that care about the game as much as they care about rooting for their team. 'cause if, if there's a disconnect there, then the fans start to be like, well why am I invested so much in it?


But yeah, when you see your guy like shoving LeBron, you're like, fuck yeah. This is awesome. And that's why Joe was tell him, kill it. Tell him again. Dude, that's Joe Best was always like, we love hate. Yeah. You, you cared as much If there were more, you know what I mean? You, you can't say that for everyone. Appreciate that. Are you shocked that LeBron's still doing it? It's it's really impressive. Yeah. It's, he, he's he's our age. Took it, took it took a couple years. Yeah. It took a couple years because, you know, years of losses against him definitely took a toll. But, you know, just to be able to look at it and, and be like, yo, this guy is 40 years old playing at this level, competing the way that he's competing.


'cause he's, he's competing on both, both ends of the court. It's, it's really, it's, it's, it's really, I I got no words, you know? Yeah. But I'm, I'm watching. Yeah. Do you like watching, watching Joker play? Oh, Favorite player. Yeah. Favorite player. He just does something every night that you're like, I don't know how, how he did all those pivots and threw it over his head and shot happened to go in. Like he and he is got eyes in the back of his head. He's just, he's so fun to watch. You've never seen a guy like him before. I mean, this guy's getting buckets pass first guy. I mean, you can just tell. It's like he gets the ball in his hands. Like everybody's cutting. Everybody knows that they can get the ball. It's not, it's a different kind of superstar with him because everybody's involved.


Yeah. And He coach to say that you can't say that about most superstars in the NBA because the mentality in America is I'm the superstar. I'm gonna get the ball. It's my, it's it's showtime. His mentality is not I'm getting the ball. It's showtime, it's cuts, you know, it's handoffs. Like he's playing in a system and he just happens to be the quarterback. Yeah. And he's calling substitutions too. He's coaching the team. Oh, He is doing it all. It's incredible. I Saw, I saw a crazy story. I think it was maybe Jamal Murray where it was like Yoic, like had to, he, Jamal Murray was open and yo and he was like yelling for the ball and Yoko had to tell him afterwards, like, stop yelling for the ball.


I know when you're open, like I see everything. Like I you do, when you yell, they're gonna go to you. It's like, I know. Like, just don't say anything. I can see everyone on the court. Yeah. And that's just how he plays. Yeah. Not a lot of people can say that. And, and your teammates are gonna, you know, be like, okay. Okay. You're right. Yeah. You know. But he's one of those guys, like, I'm sure he says that nobody says a word because they know he's right. Yeah. They Know he's always right. Yeah. Yeah. What, what about in the east? Who do you like in the east? Because we've obviously, we've got some Celtics fans around here. Yeah. So we've been focused mostly on the Celtics. But some the Celtics fans don't really respect the Cavaliers that much. What else do you see besides the, besides Boston out of the east?


Well, Boston is definitely the, the heavy favorite. Until, until somebody beats Boston, they're the team to beat you. Just repeat what Hank said, but do not, do not disrespect the Cleveland Cavaliers because they're ready to rock and roll. And if you think there's gonna be an easy, easy sweep. No, no, no, no. Don't get it twisted. You're in for, you're in for a real battle. I'm ex I'm that's gonna be a h that that's happening. Yeah. Yeah. That's hap I mean, look, if I had to put money on it, you know, Cavs, Boston, What have you. Have you been back to Cleveland since you retired?


I have not. Do you think you'll ever be in Cleveland, Ohio again in your life? Great question. Great. Geez. You know, I haven't thought about it too much. It could be some, some it could be interesting. Yeah. Maybe, you know, going to a, checking out a tourist board over there and like seeing all the fun things to do in Cleveland. And It, it would be funny if Cleveland like hired you to do a tourism video for it. Maybe If I went with you guys Yeah. Know, maybe people would give me a little more slack. But it, it's, it's crazy. It's, it's literal, like what the younger kids who didn't get to see me play in, in my prime, they're still really pissed about that shit.


They're Like, people know me as the the anti Cleveland guy. The Guy your shit on Cleveland. Yeah. The guy whose shit on Cleveland. It, it's crazy that that happened over 10 years ago. And people still talk to me about this Cleveland. I Mean, you weren't like, I I actually think Cleveland's a very nice city. Like we've spent some time there. But like, you weren't wrong in the fact that I don't think a lot of people say I'm going to Cleveland for vacation. That that isn't a sentence that says is said a lot. It Hit, it hit. Yeah, it hit, yeah. That one is You got put in bay there, right? Yeah. Isn't that in Cleveland? Got No, it's a little outside. Yeah. You've got the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Yeah. You might go there one day. I've been there. What'd you think?


Okay. Okay. So Yeah, no, I get it. I mean, Yeah. Okay. Yeah, That's, I Rather, I'd rather, I'd rather go to like Beal Street and, and go check out the, the the music scene over there, to be honest. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great quote card we'll have. Yeah. Just Joe Kim, Noah's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame review. Okay. Three stars Sounds like. Yeah. I mean, it was a long time ago. It didn't, it didn't Mark. I wasn't, I wasn't super impressed. Yeah. What can you tell me a time, because we all know Tib is a great coach, still obviously coaching with the Knicks and there's, they've, they've been up and down, but it feels like, you know, they're gonna beat the Pistons and we'll see what happens in the next round.


Was there a time you can remember where Tibs did something coaching, whether it be like a play or a look or like, this is how you defend a guy where he's like, this guy just knows what's gonna happen before it happens. Like, did he have you prepared for a situation where you're like, how the hell did he, he have this so dialed in? I don't think it was a specific moment in the game because t's whole thing was preparation. And when you're, when you're with him by year four, year five, you're like, holy shit. Like this, this shoot around is is two, it's two hours long. Like, get us off our feet. Let's, let's, let's go home, let's get some rest and go play the game.


But there's something about being in these battles and feeling prepared that is, you know, there's nothing feels better than, than being ready and being prepared. Tibs Tibs as crazy as Tibs is. We were prepared. Yeah. Oh, I, I forgot we had to ask you this because we had this debate on the show. What was your pre-game meal before your nap? Because I assume a lot of guys, they do a very similar, where they eat lunch, take a nap, then get ready for the game. Because we found out that Jalen Green's pre-game meal before his nap is chicken Alfredo. And we're like, that has to be the worst thing to eat before playing Basketball. Yeah. Some that sounds terrible. But he's, he's young.


Yeah. Yeah. He'll learn. He's young. He'll learn. I mean, look, chicken Alfredo is a hell of a meal, but maybe that's a heavy Meal. Maybe It's delicious. Maybe not before the, maybe not before the game. But he's what, 23 years old? Yeah. You're 23 years old. Who gives a fuck? You're eating McDonald's, you eat a Big Mac before the game, you're good. But at 30, What was your pre-game meal? I was, I was eating pretty avocados. Rice. Okay. Chicken Alfredo. Yeah. My, my meal, yo trying to, trying to win at a high level is it's fucking boring guys. Like there's, there is nothing. You gotta be really Dedicated. There is nothing like, like all these people that you look at and you're like, oh wow, the champion.


Like if you think that this guy has the most interesting life, no, he's going to bed at fucking nine o'clock at night. Yeah. You know, he's eating healthy. Like you want to hear about his health routines. Like it's not that interesting. Yeah. It's, It's regimented. It's repetitive and boring and doing the same thing over and over and over again to get better. Yeah. But if you, I mean for some people that's interesting. Need, If you really enjoy the process. Yeah. Yeah. I need more. Yeah. Just because you're a champion does doesn't make you interesting. Yeah, that's true. That's, that's actually a good point. Yeah. What About, what about our good friend Steve Ballmer? We actually haven't met him, but I just, I assume that we would be good friends, best friends because of how much he cares about the Clippers.


When you played for him, did you get to interact with him at all? So when we, I played for the Clippers for three months. I just cut my Achilles right before, like six months before. And I had the blessing to be able to sign with the Clippers and it was when C-O-V-I-D-I signed and then the next day Covid hit. Oh geez. The Rudy Gobert thing hit. Yeah. So we had all this time off and then, and then the Steve Floyd thing happened in the NBA and I remember bomber getting all the players on a Zoom call and saying that he would invest in any non-profit foundation that was doing work in the communities of the players they were living in.


I was like, to me that just said that just spoke volumes about the guy that he wanted to, first of all, as an owner, be able to talk to his players about the situation and be able to be helpful. I thought that that was really powerful and nobody can say anything bad about that guy for me. Yeah. I don't think Donald Sterling would've done that. No. Just taking a guess. He would've definitely not done that. Definitely Not done that. But Give two fucks. It is, It is fun to see Baller court's side cheering on his team. Like he, he seems like he's crazier than most fans. Yeah. He, he's a super fan. And you know what, they made some some tough decisions. I love that. Van Gundy's on the bench. Yeah. I think it says a lot about their coaching staff.


The fact that they could bring in a guy like that as an advisor or an assistant coach. But somebody who, you know, he's a, he's an alpha himself. Yeah. Yeah. So to be able to have Ty Lou and him on the bench, that's two head coaches on the bench. That doesn't always work. It says a lot about who they are. Yeah.


Alright, I got one last question for you Joe. And this is always, always awesome when you stop by Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code take, I don't think I've ever heard this story, but you've told it, you decided to go to Florida 'cause you saw two fraternities get in a fight.


I did. What is that? Well, I was with your main man, Maddie Walsh. Yeah, yeah. And David Lee. Yeah. And they were kind of taking me on my recruiting trip and I had the best time of my life, man. As soon as I saw those two, those frats going at it, I knew that it was safe and fun and I knew that I was just not gonna have any, it wasn't gonna be boring. Yeah. You know, it's like, there's nothing like getting out of a practice and then going on, going on campus and then you go to a bar a little bit outside and you see two frats throwing the worst punches possible.


You know that nobody's gonna get hurt, but it's still enough to like, be able to sit down, you know, and just eat some chicken wings and just, you know, watch some chaos. Oh, That's so funny. When you were taking guys on their recruiting trip, would you'd be like, you gotta come see these guys fight. It's so funny. I mean, you're, I don't think those, they didn't happen all the time, I think, but it happened on my recruiting trip. I love that though. So Great. It was definitely, it was a moment You see them fight And you're like, I feel safe. I feel Safe. Yeah. I know. No one can beat me up here. Awesome. You know, when, when the football guys are fighting, it's a, it's, it's, it was scary. It's another thing. Yeah. That is another thing's, another thing.


For sure. Yeah. Well, Joe, you're the best man. Can we shout out something for you? Of course. Yeah. What do we got? Noah Ark, right? Yeah. Shout out Noah Ark. We're out here in the community in Chicago. You know, one city, shout out to one city. You know, shout out to our basketball league Violence prevention league. We're working with 28 different violence prevention groups playing basketball against each other. Very proud of the work that we're doing here. We're growing, we're growing. And shout out to Tony Allen also who joined the crew as the commissioner Tony Allen coming in and doing that community work. Real social worker out there. So shout out to Kobe Williams and everybody out there doing all the great work for us. I love It. Love that.


I love it. And we gotta get involved. You gotta, you gotta let us get involved somehow. Yeah. Now, now that, that you guys got a hoop? Yep. Yep. You know, let's, we'll host some, let's chop it up. Let's go drink a bruski and do what we do. Watch some frat guys fight. Yeah. Watch Some frat guys. Oh yeah. You wanna see some unathletic Fighting? That's so funny. Like, if we ever get, like, if Joe Keem's ever like, you know what I'm gonna, you know, get into the podcast game. Yeah. We gotta bring 'em on a recruiting visit and have a couple guys fight in here and Just, And watch 'em throw like terrible punches at each other. Be like, look, you're perfect. I'd never thought about it that way, but like, if I'm going, if I'm driving down the street, if I'm looking for a place to buy a house, I'm going down the street. I see two like overweight dads, like fighting in the front lawn. I do think to myself like probably a pretty safe neighborhood.


Yeah. Not being able to land any punches. Yeah. It's Like they, they feel open and, and and safe enough to be fighting the front lawn. They're Throwing their beers, throwing their be all over the place. It's great. Yeah. I love it.


Alright, thanks so, so much Joe. That's dope man. Jom no was brought to you by Chevy. Chevy baby. The Silverado, the best truck on the road. For over a century Chevy has been building trucks that don't flinch and they never quit. Whether you're hauling lumber on the job or trying to get the smoker, the cooler, the cornhole boards and the whole crew to the tailgate on time. Chevy gets you there when Chevy says most dependable truck. They're not just speculating. Chevy trucks have earned more dependability awards for trucks than any other brand according to JD Power 2025. Sounds like they've got the stats to prove it. It is the best truck on the road and you can draft yours now@chevy.com. And every Chevy truck dependability comes standard. For more on Chevy trucks, visit chevy.com and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details.


Okay, let's wrap up. We got fire fest of the, The Week Henry. Yes. What's up? I've had a great week. This is, you know, yeah. Hell yeah. We joke about the best weeks of the year, but these two weeks are my favorite. Favorite favorite time of the year. Weather's getting better. Summer's right there. Playoffs every single night. So many games. Like you get home from work and you're up to 1:00 AM just pure Playoffs. Playoffs. Playoffs. Playoffs. Yeah. I mean, during football season footballs dominate the weekends, but during this time of year, you're just a real piece of shit all week long. Yeah. It's like there's always a great game on. Sorry, I gotta be on my couch And it's like, oh, the, you know, the flowers are blooming, the trees are, are spurting.


It's great. People Are spurting people. They have allergies. People are saying they have allergies. Max, You an allergy guy? Lowkey an allergy guy. I got allergies. It is dusty May Wimp. So no real personal fire fest. The Bill Belichick thing is, is is starting to weigh, weigh on me though. Well, There's been, so there's been some additions. I know it's, Yeah. Let's, let's get into the Additions. It's, it's, it's, it's Bad. It's like everyone's commenting on it now. So Steve Belichick's, his wife commented on an Instagram post, correct? Yeah. Yeah. Bill Belichick's daughter-in-law. Yeah. So she commented on it saying like, most most PR people don't act this way and storm out. Yeah. The, so since we last talked, it has been an update every single day.


Hour. Yeah. Hour. We found out that Jordan has bought $10 million in real estate in the last like year and a half. Now I don't. Entrepreneurial Entrepreneur. Are you saying that she's not independently wealthy? I don't know. I don't know where the money came from. I just know, I thought in this country we liked people picking themselves up by the, by their bootstraps and dating someone 50 years older than them who has probably a hundred million dollars and then using that money to start a real estate empire. Like The people that are hitting on that. Are you saying women can't own land? Right. Or saying they can't. Girl boss. They can't. Girl Boss girl. You know, I, we nailed it on Monday. We're like sorry that a woman in power bothers you.


Yeah. Jordan. She is a bad bitch and she is gonna spend Bill Belichick's money, however the fuck she wants. I also think that with Bill it Could be anyone's money though. It could Be anyone's money too. Good point. Hank. We all have maybe been in relationships with somebody that's a little bit on the crazy side in the past. A lot of people out there might agree with this. What does this Have to do with anything? I'm just saying I this you are saying a complete nons. Secretory. Are You calling Bill Belichick crazy? Yeah. Bill Belichick is Crazy. So like Jordan, her boyfriend. Yeah. He might be like a wild guy. Yeah. Like loose cannon Wearing wear holes in his sweatshirt. Yeah. Crazy Shit. But sometimes the type of people that are a little bit crazy, it's also a very, very fun relationship.


You Think? Oh, If you know what I'm, sounds Like Bill saying does sound like Bill, Like Bill is probably a great lay. Yeah. You think that Bill is? Yeah. Yeah. Bill's rocking her world For sure. Yeah. Yeah. Bill's Bill's rocking her world. Yeah. Jordan can't quit it. Jordan, it's Bill is like cracked to Jordan. He's got the magic stick. Yeah. Yeah. But I think people have been in that experience. I do think when things come to light it's kind of like, you know, everyone has a buddy or you know, maybe themselves that has been in a similar relationship with someone who's crazy. They know they're crazy, their friends definitely know they're crazy, but it's kind of unspoken about. And then they get in like a big blowup fight at a bar or something. And then it's like, all right, well now that it's kind of like public. Yeah.


I probably have to be truthful with how crazy this is and how bad of a situation I might be in. Like maybe they were in denial. Do you think maybe Jordan was in denial and now she's like, oh, okay. It is funny too because in the crazy relationship game that everyone is somewhat familiar with, whether firsthand friends, whatever, you always gotta be careful about what you say. I saw Charles Barkley said that he was gonna possibly intervene, which is hilarious. You gotta be careful what you say because if I know these two young lovebirds, bill Belichick and Jordan, like I think I do, they're gonna break up and then get back Together For sure. So there's gonna be a period where people are gonna probably throw some shots at Jordan. You gotta be careful because again, Jordan, she's, she's addicted to that bell.


Do you think that there's any chance that that bill is up to date on everything that everyone's saying about him online? No. I think, I think He's just got his head down. Right. She tells him You guys seen Silence of the Lambs Jordan Bill could be in like a, a well in a basement somewhere. Buffalo Bill. It's, I don't think he's getting access to his phones. Put the hoodie on your head bill. Yeah. Yeah. But listen again, Jordon, what are we, what are we doing here? Why are people coming at her? I don't know. She just, we're Just remember when they tell the story of Jordan and Bill, one of the greatest love stories of all time.


We had Jordan's back and it was because we wanted to get Bill Belichick on the show Consenting Adults and no other reason. 'cause everything else points to crazy. I am very much, She also knocked, she they, the report came out after, after last show that she was the reason hard knocks at UNC got axed. Yeah. Because she wanted to be involved. Right. That Sucks. That would've been great. Yeah. Well I'm sure they probably had like one meeting with her. Maybe. No. Well maybe there were like one meeting and they're like, her creative vision is so good that Yeah, we're gonna get exposed. We're afraid that she's gonna take our job. Hard knocks is when this one's so good. 'cause it's kind of the Jordan vision, right? Or I mean when has hard knocks ever. Like you never wanna work with someone that's like so much better than you. Right. Because it's like, it, it highlights how bad you are.


Right? We love hard knocks, we love watching hard knocks, but there's always some salacious story that comes out or something that you can use later as fodder to make fun of the subject of hard knocks. Whatever team it is. Whether, whatever coach it is, you can laugh at them about it later. Jordan was probably just doing her job as a PR person to get ahead of that. Being like, bill, you don't want to have your, all your secrets exposed. Right? You're such a good coach. Why are you giving away the, the, the cow when they can buy the milk for free? I got two questions. You're absolutely right. I got two questions. Do you think there's a chance CBS releases the full interview? 'cause I want it so bad. Release the transcript. CBS Because they, the Jordan and, and Bill the ballot checks have basically tried to call their bluff being like, it wasn't what everyone thinks it is.


They were trying to take the, the interview into weird spots. We were just doing our job. Basically CBS is the liars here. I really need this full Transfer. I wanna know what was in that. The rest of the 30 minute video that she put the screenshot of. Yeah, because she definitely insinuated there's more. Yeah. Like she's got receipts. My understanding was that, 'cause they said it's, she stormed out for 30 minutes. The video she posted was 36 minutes. I think she was like filming the conversation maybe with the rep. Oh, like the fight. Oh, About why. Look what she Made. She stormed out. So she's got the transcripts to release as well. IGI don't know that that's just a guess more. At least all the Transcripts. I need more of it And I don't want that.


I don't think we want that. Alright, so If you had To get what if it somehow, I mean it probably won't, but like what if it makes Jordan look worse? Won't somehow, There's nothing that could make her look bad in this situation whatsoever. She's just a regular 24-year-old girl, woman dating a 70 plus year old man for love and a couple houses. That's probably their shared Passion. Yeah. Their shared passion is dollars. Buying houses they'll never live in. If you had to give Jordan one piece of advice, what would you give her? Block out the haters. Don't don't Yeah. Keep doing you. You know What they, I I Was, I think, I think the, I think the, I personally think the best resolution for this whole situation is for Jordan to just keep doing her Yeah.


As much as Possible. Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna say the, if I had to give one piece of advice to Jordan, have a baby. No, no. Yeah. Let's go, let's make this Official. Nor not with Belichick. Yeah. With Belichick, with Bill. Have a let's get a baby in This thing. No, no. At Least, at least fake a pregnancy. Yeah. That you, that's that already. That's, that's step one. It's like, Hey, everybody in my life is telling you I need to break up with you, so I'm gonna break up with you. Well you can't because guess what, I'm pregnant. Yeah. Fuck. Okay. And then nothing happens. Jordan Belichick Jr. A baby in the mix of this. Yeah. Would be, it would be one of, one of the greatest stories.


I mean it already is a great love story, but consummate, consummate this love with a baby. The Important thing for them to remember is that everybody else in the world's crazy. Not you guys. Right. It also really like it, it does It's good perspective. I think for, you know, the rest of the world that, because it kind of happened with Brady too is like, yeah, these two are the greatest of all time. Unquestionably. Undeniably. But in their personal lives, they're just normal people. Normal shit happens. Wait, were you saying that Bella, that Belichick and Jordan are like Belichick and Brady? No. Like Belichick and Brady like in the football world because I was untouchable gods. But then it's like, yeah, but they're just, all this personal stuff that happens outside of football is just like, you know, that happens with everyone.


I mean Bill, Bill respects greatness And it's just, it's not fun to follow. I Fan we can agree that Bill Belichick respects greatness. Right. And that includes Jordan. Yes. And Jordan is the Tom Brady of crazy girlfriends. Right? Exactly. She she is the goat. She's putting up crazy numbers. She's the Will Chamberlain. Yep. Watch this baby, baby. Good fire Festing. Yeah. Good fire fest. Okay. You can Just, you can just start mu No, It is, we're in, it is disaster. Like the every report, it's like just stops. It's just more every single one Stop. The fact that the family's getting involved now is, yeah. It's, the Real estate was tough and then Yeah. It's just, it doesn't end. Yeah. And it, It's Not gonna, It's ever do.


This is for like, good news Is don't, I think there's a cha I, like I said, over under of games that he coaches is like one and a half. Yeah. The, the, it feels Like he's just not gonna coach. I think Jordan, I dunno how, I don't know what is gonna lead to that, but yeah, there part of me is just like, he's not gonna end up coaching a game. Jordan, her next step is one. Maybe a fake pregnancy. Yep. And test the waters a little bit. Real. One, Two, Maybe write yourself into the will. The good news is Jordan, at least CBS didn't pry about the meeting on the plane because I think you, we can all agree that her stopping that was the most important thing. And everything that has led after that is just a weird coincidence.


Yep. Yep. They met on the plane period, Period. A plane to Palm Beach. Little Epstein. No, Not Epstein. Oh man. Jordan. Shout out Jordan. Bad bitch. Or a bad bitch podcast. I like her. CEO. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I mean I had a pretty good week this week too. I guess my, I I'll just say that the fire fest might be, might be for us as a whole because as a podcast we've dabbled in a little, I'd say light hazing of some of our coworkers. People that work on the show just like good, good natured, ribbing, nothing too serious. But hazing is big time on the hot seat right now and people are stressed out about it.


I don't know what you're Talking about. I don't know what you're talking About. No, no, no. We're very fair to everybody. That's, that's been here, there is a lacrosse team in Syracuse, New York that is in big, big trouble being threatened with felonies. They shut down the entire season. A high school lacrosse team. Okay. Here's what they did. So they had a little initiation ritual for one of their younger players. And in the initiation, what they did was they, they staged a kidnapping. So they, they had one of the guys get in the car normal and they're like, we're all gonna go to McDonald's, have a team meal. They drive to McDonald's. And then on the way there, the driver pretended that he got lost, went off into a wooded area and then a bunch of guys came outta the woods, his teammates, but they were wearing like masks and black clothes.


One of them might have had a gun, one of 'em had a knife. Okay, Well yeah, if you're gonna stage a kidnapping, you gotta have those Things. Then they put a pillowcase over the young man's head and they put 'em into the trunk of a car. He eventually got out and then, and then a bunch of his teammates were also pretending to be kidnapped. They, they escaped. They got home. Now they're trying to charge the team with felonies and they canceled the entire season for the team just because of a little prank. Now I will say that if you had a gun, that might've been like one step too far. No, I disagree. If a fake kidnapping, you need a gun. Otherwise it's just like, what are we doing here, boys? Yeah. So you just walk away. Yeah. The only thing I can think of with a gun, what if the kid had had a gun and he sees the, the gun, whether real or fake.


Then you just quickly say, Hey, it's just Fake. Then the g then the player takes his gun out, shoots the other guy and is like, that was hazing too. I just hazed you right back. Yeah. But it seems like this is, this is gonna be a, a national story and then no one's gonna be allowed to make rookies get haircuts in training camp anymore. It's bullshit. Or carry pads. It's bullshit. Yeah, that's Bullshit. Why'd this kid say all that? I, this seems to me like maybe he came home and he was scared and then the parents were like, what happened? And he told the parents and the parents were like, shouldn't He have come home? And like, yes. I'm I I made it. Yeah. It's just a prank dude. I'm Initiated. Yeah. I'm one of the boys now. But this Is also like, look, I'm not defending hazing here, but like you would never, but they, they didn't, didn't the team find out that he's not ride or die?


Like did the hazing kind of work? Yeah. Yeah, that's true. And you Don't want a guy like that on your team who won't, who's not down for a little fake kidnapping with a real gun and real knife. And here's, here's where the problem comes in is did you say the gun wasn't loaded? A bunch of 'em. Yeah. A bunch of 'em filmed it. So they have video. Well they have have to film it. You have have film. Film it. I guess it's like the, the frank calls. That's, That's where No, no, no, no. You gotta film it. You gotta look. No, you gotta put that in The house. You gotta you gotta play it back whenever he gets a little up and he being like, look, you fucking pitched your pants and cried when we pulled this gun on you. Yeah. It just seems like this is, it's a bad, you shouldn't kidnap anybody with a gun. It was Fake kidnapping. It was a fake kidnapping. Also, the kid should have known that it was a fake kidnapping. Right.


You're in Syracuse, New York, you're with your high school boys. There, there are a lot of alarm bells that should have go it on my, I don't wanna say what team it was, but I was on a team at one point and they kidnapped one of the, one of the freshmen and then they tied him up and they left him on the train tracks in the middle of campus. Mm. That's funny. Just classic prank. That's Funny. And then he wiggled his way out and he wiggled his way back to the apartment and drank beers with the boys and everything was fine. Yeah. And now he's got a bond for life where he thought he was gonna die. And you, that, that creates bonding. It does. Yeah. What you say Max? This whole Jordan situation has, I don't know what you're saying. What you're saying is real or not real. What do you mean? I have no id, I don't the The, the Jordan situation threw off Max's sarcasm detector.


I can't tell whether Big Cat is being sarcastic or having real How about the hazing? About an about anything you're saying. I I don't, I I'm struggling. Sounds like you got a fake kidnapping. Wait, What do you, what do you mean sarcastic? Yeah, dude. Yeah. My bad. My bad. You Gotta fake kidnap your boys. If you wanna make sure that they ride or die, Big Cat might. And if you do a fake kidnapping, you have to include a real gun. He might have been joking about loading the gun film, man. Yeah. Listen, like it's why like just, alright, here ready? You, you got a new guy on the team. You gotta find out if he's, if he's down, If he's team material. Okay. So how, what's the only way you can find out if he this guy is gonna be a good teammate? Hold a gun to his head and if he's fake kidnapping and if he's a pussy, then he's off the team.


Yeah. Yeah. Fake kidnapping. What's the only way to do a fake kidnapping? Real gun. What's the only way to make sure that you have evidence of this video? See how easy that is? Got it. Got it. This What Got it. It's a simple question of do I like this kid? And the only way to find out is you go down the line and it's fake kidnapping with a real gun on video. And See this is where I keep going. Hank keeps saying, keeps saying no to the camera. Yes. Which makes me, which makes me think that you think ev everything else. Do you still think I'm being serious? I, I hank I think Hank is Because I am Max. You played on winning teams before, right? Yeah. Yeah. Did you ever Get hazed Max? Are you getting PTSD right now? No.


No. Okay. What do they make you do? Max Elephant walk. No. That, you know, Bess just done an elephant walk, Ride or die. I would never, I would never. There You go. You Would never do an elephant walk. There you Go. I would never, I would never talk about the hazing. Right. That's why you don't film it either. 'cause then it's like, what happened? No one knows. But it's even, it is even better if you do film it and then you never show it to anybody. That's, that is the ultimate test. Right. Sounds like these kids are fucked. Like it would be funny if this kid went to the police and the police just sat him down and they're like, so lemme get this straight. You're tattling and then put the cuffs on him. Yeah. You don't film it. It's a he said, she said, and it's like, did you have a gun? No, you Go in, you, you report to the police. There's like one rookie cop and then a bunch of veteran cops and Yeah, we did a fake kidnapping and my son is, he's got PTSD from it and immediately the rookie cop just starts laughing like, you gotta keep your mouth shut about that.


Yeah. Yeah. You're like, yeah. And he's like, yeah, back in fucking class of 96. Like yeah, they hit me way worse. Yeah. Well you just kind of chuckle and dap up and say good luck this season kid. If, if You're gonna do a, a fake kidnapping with a real gun that's loaded, at least keep the safety on. Yeah. Agreed. And finger. Not on the trigger, but maybe a little bit. But If the safety's on, it doesn't matter. Right, Right. Yeah. It would be funny if the cop was just like, so you're not making the team then they're just like, see you later. One thing I will say is that they probably, I'm, I'm a little upset that they canceled the entire season for the entire team. Because regardless of your stance on doing a fake kidnapping slash attempted murder, it's not every kid on the team that did it Most.


Why are you throwing Yeah. You're throwing the baby out with bath Water. Agreed. Agreed. Alright. My fire press is, I just, I don't know. I I don't really have one. I had a good week. I'm never gonna sleep again. I realize that. What, what are you, what Max, what's going on? Me? Made a great point. How was that your fy fest? PFD Huh? Because I just, I just said that I had a pretty good week. So this is, So you just did a hot seat collectively? A hot seat for us. Did A hot as as a podcast. We, we might not be allowed to haze anymore. It's a Good riff. True, true, true, true. Yeah. We should Max is just the voice of the listener of this episode. Yeah. Wait a second. I'm trying, Wait a second. Is Big Cat serious? Wait a second. Wait a Second. PP ft. That sound, that sounded like it was a Wednesday thing.


I'm, I'm just trying to help out. I'm just trying to help out. Yeah, no, I just, I I had the realization, I have this realization every now and then, but like doing like a forecast in my schedule. I'm like, I'm just never gonna sleep again in my life. And that just sucks to know because I just wish I could. I like sleep a lot. Yeah, sleep is awesome. It's great. Hank's a sleep guy. I'm a Sleep guy. Big time. Also. Our softball team lost. That sucked. We gotta get better. Damn. The other team was very good. We have to play better defensively. I have to hit better. We all have to play better. We were bad And we were bad. I was very bad defensively. Yeah. Nobody hit No drinking before games anymore. No Big can I have a question? Big cat's coming in here and trying to like I think we need anti fun team over here.


Well Drink after the game. I got a Question. You a couple softball. You have a couple beers. It's fine. Yeah. Did, was it beers? I went out to dinner and had a glass of wine at dinner. There was more than one glass more. Did you have a hundred percent? Not more glasses of wine than errors. That first throw to Hank Glass, the glasses Of wine. The first throw to Hank was, I was like, shit, he might have had a lot of wine. No, no. I I swear I I had two glasses of wine. You know, he doesn't Lose Game Max pitch his own was Face Max threw into right field. Yeah. Max. Max threw in the right field and it was like the ball hadn't even released his hand. And he just goes, fuck, I, I got, I got, I'm an emotional guy before It even Really, I was also the only guy who fucking hit yesterday.


So I agree. I said I have to hit better. I fucking sucked at RBII was single. Yeah. What were you gonna say? PFT? You answered all my questions that I, the, the conversation eventually went to everything I was gonna ask. There we go. Can I have a pot? I have a Potential firefighter For PFT. Well, we, so we won. This is made. You did not win. Not Win. You won't even, lemme finish A fucking sentence. You won my slot. I figured you won. Shut The fuck up After that Tweet you put out. You guys, I've Been trying to say a sentence for the last four minutes and you stupid motherfuckers won't stop talking. This is why I'm not in a fucking team when big cat's like oh p ft, you won Play on our team. No, You fuck you guys. We don't lose games on fat pitches. Only these Slaughter roll teams, right?


We we tie What's your guys' Record? We won the tie though. What's your record? Since I joined the team, we are oh, one and one. What About we got a result? What's your record? Since I joined the team, not counting Forfeits Two oh and one or no, two in one. We're two in one In the last two weeks. Yeah. Or no, three on the season. We're two in One. No, but in the last two weeks. Oh, we're one and one. Oh, not counting Forfeits. No, we played, we played we're one and One two weeks ago. Yeah. That was a forfeit. We played a game against Ourselves. No, against the other team that Was there. Oh, I thought you forfeited. No, We're one and one. We're two and one on the season. I'm gonna, we gotta be better. I'm gonna have fact check that we're two and one on the season. Who, Who? Who'd you play last week?


The team. We were supposed to play four footed. We played another game. Are against who? This is Not this matter. Whichever, whichever Team was there, the team that was there. It's all about next week. Just a funny little p That's just another game for me. Pf PFT anecdote. That's been making me laugh since it happened. They were playing the game before us. They walked up. PFT was wearing his nobles and I was like, no, why don't you have cleats, PFT. And dude's like, well I brought my golf shoes, which I do too 'cause with spikes. But PFT just brought golf shoes that don't have spikes. No, they've got small spikes on 'em. They're just like, Nee Well, yeah, just made me laugh. I mean, They've got little, the tiny little plastic spikes on 'em. There's More grip than regular sneakers. But it Is true.


And and Hank was like, why aren't you wearing those? And I was like, well, because they're, they're hot pink and which Hank ordered for me a couple years ago and I'm not good enough. You can't, you can't be like an average to slightly below average player and wear being the only one that wears the hot pink shoes. Right. I agree. Yeah. Like if, like anyone on your team is wearing like batting gloves. Yeah. Hypothetically. I dunno why you're looking at me. I'm Not, I'm not looking at anyone. I'm actually looking at the ground right now. Well, We can look at the batting G guy. The batting Guy comes in. We're not, I'm being ified only on this team batting gloves and slow pitch 60 inches. Crazy. But I'm not talking about anyone on my team. All right, let's it The show sting when you Hit show.


No, it's not. It's, it's insane. Why would you need batting gloves? No idea. PFT. Also Be a man and just piss on your hands. Unrelated. I fucking love my bobblehead, my pope Bobblehead. It's so sick. Who got this for me? Oh, Shane, I fucking love Shane. Shane. Shane was probably the MVP Yesterday. Yeah. No, he actually was great. Was running the fuck outta the bases too. Alright, good show boys. Wait, max, are you gone? Yeah. Tomorrow. Where You going? Are you gonna zoom in in the Maui costume? Do you ha If you, if you bring me the Maui costume, I'll wear the Maui costume. What time do you leave tomorrow? Like 6:00 AM Oh fuck. Alright. I don't think I have the MAU costume if I can find it. He's going to, he's gonna Hawaii.


Yeah, I know. I wanted to hear him say another vacation. What? Hey Shane. Hey Shane. I heard That. What? The pope? Yeah. I love it. You don't need batting glove shade. I don't give a fuck Gloves. I had, I was two for two. I agree. Did you wear them in the field? No, he's dh. I'm a dh but know Don't, that's the only reason why you should wear batting gloves in 16 is if you're playing in the field and you're like, it st. Stinks. No, It, it's, my job is to hit. I love that. There's, There's, there's adults doing sprints in the outfield before the game. Like trying hard. If you're cool with the batting gloves, I'm cool with the batting gloves. Yeah. I mean It's cool to Try hard. Yeah. Swaggy. Yeah. Everyone thinks like if there's a try hard, that's the coolest guy on the team.


That's two for two. Yeah, you were. And I said that you were fucking running the hell outta bases too. We're gonna kill you guys. You were speed giving out there. You score. Did you score two runs? Kill? I just one kill spread is spread's. Three and a half runs. Alright, numbers three. Oh fuck. 40 29. 66. 33. 44. 59. 27. 27 20. All right, max. Have a good vacation. Love you guys. Bye Max.