
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have an awesome interview with Robert Griffin, the third In Studio. He was hanging out with us all day. We're gonna talk Thursday night football. Great game. We have week 14 picks and preview, And we also have some contentious moments at the end of the show with memes and the whole squad.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. End the year with a bang in advance, strikes and take downs. UF C3 10 is live from Vegas. Jumping on all the action at drafting Sportsbook, the official sports betting partner of UFC. It's a stack card. Sure. To have more than one fighter saying Viva Las Vegas. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a fighter to win. Go to the Draftking Sportsbook app, select your fighter and place your first bet. It's that simple. And speaking of stacked, if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, it's UF C3 10 in Vegas. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins when your bet, when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Oh, Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, cdk g.co/mma.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football mindset. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. It's UF C3 10 in Vegas. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. Use code take, that's code take for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings.


The crown is yours. Today is Friday, December 6th and PFTI think Dan Campbell has an addiction and is addiction is doing the craziest fucking shit at every turn. He's addicted to being a psychopath. He is. He's insane. Insane. Dan Campbell is insane. And this was a rare instance where like it worked at the end, end and I still think it was fucking crazy. It Yeah, no, he did two things that it was, it was not only that it was going for it on his own. 30. Yeah. In, what was it, the third quarter? It, he just wants, he, I don't think he fully feels alive unless he's doing something that everyone in the stadium's like, no, what are you doing?


Stop. Please stop. What did he do? He he went for it. So first of all, it was Lions Win 34, 31. Great, great game. Probably one of the best games Thursday night games we've had. It was 45 seconds left, fourth and inches on the 19 yard line or 20 yard line, wherever it was. And Going in, Going in. And Dan Campbell could have kicked the field goal and given the packers maybe 40 seconds left. Instead he went forward on fourth down and to get, you know, that extra time off the clock and be able to end the game without the packers getting the ball back. But he went for it on fourth down after getting stuffed on third down.


And if you don't get it there, you're you. I mean, you could lose in in regulation. It's going to overtime. You could just kick the field goal of 40 seconds left. But no, no, no. Dan Campbell's like, fuck it, I'm a psycho. I'm basically, I'm gonna make sure they never get the ball back. I'm going for this on fourth down. The Risk reward was insane in that because what he ended up doing was he got the first down and then he just proceeded to take 40 seconds off the clock and kick the field goal with no time left. It's so he defeated, he defeated Matt LaFleur and he also defeated the clock. Yeah. He defeated time tonight. He's one and Oh. Against time. Yeah. And it was, we were having the debate after the game. I, I mean, I would've just kicked the field goal, but I'm not Dan Campbell, but the one thing I've always said about Dan Campbell is he's consistently psycho.


And we, you know, Stephen Shaa was sitting next to me. He is like, you, they're gonna lose a game like that's gonna cost them. It's like, yeah, it might. But they did a, they, they, they went for it on Fort down on their own 31 in the third quarter. That did not work. And so I feel like Dan Campbell's got this algorithm in his head, this big balls algorithm that's like, if we just go for it enough on fort down, enough of 'em will go our way and will come out. Winners. He feels like Tin Cup if he was a football coach, just like constantly challenging, like staring death in the face repeatedly when he knows that he shouldn't. Right. He probably knows it's a problem too. Yeah. Like after the game, after the adrenaline rush wears off, have you ever done anything really stupid in your life and you got away with it a lot of times, A lot of shit.


You know that feeling that you get? Yeah. When like, you wake up the next morning and you're like, fuck, that was dangerous. Yeah, I should, I could've Died. I shouldn't have done that. Yeah. And then later on in life, you think back to how dumb you were as a kid and you get scared all over again. Yeah. For what you did. Dan Campbell wakes up after game days and he's like, oh fuck, I did it again. Oh Man. But it worked out. What was that? You guys aren't even mentioning that Jerry Goff tripped on the plate was somehow able to get the Off. Yeah, I know. And great Handoff. Like it was an unbelievable handoff. Great handoff, but he tr like that the, it it was so close to just blowing up in his face. Yeah. And this, this double blew Max's mind. Max is double mad right now because one, obviously the Packers they lost.


Max was hoping that they were gonna win, but then two, he hears us talk about Dan Campbell and all his brain translates it into is if this was Nick Siri, you guys would make 45 minutes outta what a Turkey is on the podcast. But That's the thing Dan Campbell is consistently So is Nick Sirianni? No, he's not. Nick Sirianni does dumb shit all the time. No, it was just in the beginning of the year, none of it was working. That's That's A good point. Nick Sirianni does dumb shit. Dumb all the time, But the time that's he does Dan Campbell shit like that? No. So Dan and it just wasn't working. Dan Campbell does. That's the only difference. Dan Campbell Does a lot of aggressive stuff that is borderline dumb. So does Nick Siri. No, but this was one example where no, Nick Siri does a lot of dumb dumb stuff. This was the one example where Dan Campbell did something that was dumb.


This was do Doy. Yeah. If he, if Jared Goff slips there and falls down and, and isn't able to get did. No, he did. And he isn't able to get that handoff. You are talking about how much of a fucking idiot he is right now. We all, we kind of are right now. Yeah. I Mean he, but again, But there's no like No, but I, they won. He's crazy. He's psycho. But again, he just can, he's consistent. He, he, he has a way of doing it. And he's always going to put Dan Campbell's basically driving a car with his foot on the gas to the floor at all times And the the gas meter is like right on empty. Yeah. And he's like, I think we can make it. Yeah. Let's pass this exit. He's just always like, we're never gonna take our foot off the gas.


And I, I think that that's why it works. I think that's why they have 11 what they, that was their 11th straight win. Their 12 and one. And what's crazy is it was December 5th, three years ago that they got their first one of the season. Yeah. Under Dan Campbell the Lions beat the Vikings with that walk-off touchdown. And now they have, and now they're their 12th win. Completely Flipped it In week 14. I wanna address Max's point though, max, if that happened to the Eagles and it, Nick Ciani makes a crazy crazy play call on fourth down. He's rolling the dice going for it. And Jalen Hertz's foot gets stepped on. Do you think Jalen Hurtz can make a game winning play in a Super Bowl after he gets stepped on If, if, or would or would pass land if You had to 25 yards Short if he stepped on and throw a 75 yard pass?


I don't think Jared Goff would've been able to to do that If he could make the play. I said, I just said make the play Hand the ball off. Yes. Make the play, make the game. Winning play. You're, you're comparing a a once in a million Hail Mary to a handoff. I'm just saying he That's what you're doing right now, Geoff. Got it Done. That's what you're doing right now. He gets it done. A Hail Mary to a handoff. It's, listen, I, I don't agree with going for it there, but again, that's just what he does. He's a psycho and it might, and the guys love it and they fight for him. And the Lions are the best team in football right now. And Max, here's what I should say. Alright. One, one thing about the Packers. The Packers I think are still, I they're, I still have 'em in my problem territory where they, I think they could make a run in the playoffs.


They can't have what happened tonight where Jordan Love had a slow start and it felt like, you know, I, I know that they were, you blinked and in the third quarter they were up, but they were down 10 in the first half and it, it just didn't feel like they had any rhythm besides that, that deep ball. So they gotta get, they gotta get like, started a little faster, especially in a playoff game. But, so the Packers I think are are fine. And the, and they'll make a or fine by the way of like, I am very nervous about them. The lions though, max, the lions are gonna lose another game. Yeah. But it doesn't matter. Like the bills next week's basically a bye for them. Them losing that game means Nothing.


Oh. Because the in division. Because it's, because it's, but then they gotta play the Niners, the Viking, the Bears. The Niners and the Viking. They need, They need Yes. One of those. And even the Niners, I don't know if that gets it done. It needs to be, Max is obviously nervous 'cause he wants the one seed very badly And it's a big one seed. It's Huge. One seed like going to Detroit. Huge. It's, it's tough. It's a massive one seed. I know. It's not even going to, it's them Them coming to Phil. Phil. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. That's it. They don't win that game in Philly. Not with the, not with the link. They don't win that game. The Lions are so good though. Yeah, they're so good. And Tim, Patrick And all their big games are at home. No, they have to, they have to go play being stupid at the Bears and at the Niners.


But then the niner like Max, that Max at the end of the game I know was on his phone. Max screaming, all Their games are at home. All their games are at home. The lines Only play home games. All their games are at home. That was me deflecting. That was me being mad. It's Okay. Yeah. You can be mad. But he, and So they have big games that are on the road. They're division games. They have the bills at home next week. That's what The thing, That's what, that's what really set it off. The scare. They get to play home again. The scariest thing about the Lions too is just everyone gets involved. They had, they had six guys have five or more catches tonight and it's just every single guy contributes. And, and by the way, Josh Jacobs three touchdowns, he was awesome. Yeah. If you're the Packers, you're obviously upset that you lost this game.


You're very upset because it was, it was winnable. But you also know that like, you can beat the lion. It's not, maybe you can beat the lion, you're Ing two against them, But you can beat them. Maybe beatable, Maybe tough To beat him three times. Beat Team him three times. Do you think the Packers could beat the Lions in Philly? Yes. I, I think definitely. Yes. If it was for the one seed. Yeah. For the one seed. Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't paying attention. I I'm looking at their away games right now. It's crazy. What, What's so Crazy? I mean, it's just bullshit. How Many are there? Less uneven. So they have less, less road games than home games. Damn. That's crazy. I have a question for you.


Big Cat. Yeah. Does Matt LaFleur have an anger problem? He, what was he angry about by The way? He's been, he's been very angry the last month or so. Well he almost Fought a fan before the game. Yeah, before the game. This is from, I'm On, I have his side on this Dyer carer. Matt LaFleur just told a Lions fan on the field who was taunting in his face to shut the fuck up. I'm on Matt LaFleur's side. The guy was out there to, to do the big flag. I don't think you should be yelling at A-A-N-F-L coach when you're doing the big flag. Yeah. Just respect America. I also don't think, and I Kinda like Matt Flores fired up. I Also don't think that this reporter should have reported on that. Yeah. Like keep that to yourself. Yeah. Keep it to yourself. You're a narc. But what was he mad about? He Was mad the entire game.


He's mad all the time now. I don't know what it is, but he's mad LaFleur. He's mad LaFleur. I think he probably, I mean, this was a very important game and it was a great game. And I have one other note I had. That's unfortunate. We have stood strong in the don't, don't try to retire. Al Michaels, his energy was not there for a game of this caliber. Mm. This was a playoff game. And it was, he was calling touchdowns, like, they were like, you know, five yard outs in, in the first five minutes of the game. Yeah. But he can bounce back. But It's just like this.


If, if there was a time to bounce back, it was this game. This was the game. He's saving something for January. This was the game All out. Does he have a game in January All out? I think they stopped. No, week 18 doesn't have any Thursday night football. It's kind of ironic that he's turned into a vegetable. Yeah, he is. It's crazy. It's crazy. I just, I needed more of out of him. I needed more out of him. And I just feel like this was the time for him to, to really give us more. Yeah, it's okay. I, I'm willing to forgive. I Am too. I mean, I'm not, I listen, I still love the game and the announcer doesn't affect me that much. Yeah. But I just don't want, this might be his last season, but I don't wanna I don't want to kick Al Michaels out.


I don't Yeah. I don't want him to go out in a way that it's like, you know, a like if we keep going and it's like two, three years from now and we're like, damn, what's going on? What was the over under on this game? It was 52 smashed Maybe. Maybe that's why he kind of turned it down because the over hit and he already had anything else. Yeah. Yeah. What are you looking at, max? I remember there was a streaming playoff game last year, but it's Peacock not am I? It's on the Cock. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I got. Got You. Were worried that, oh, you thought it was gonna be the episode? I thought maybe they had a, they had a wild card round game. But That's piece I was thinking of. Got it. You're not gonna be in the wild card round. No. He's worried about Al Michaels calling playoff Game.


Oh yeah. And yes, we are With that, with that attitude. Yes. You're right with that attitude. Getting Home games With that attitude. Yes. Yes. Max, anything else from this game? I just love this game. It just, this is great. I, yeah, I mean, I don't know, like, having a game of this caliber on a Thursday night was fucking awesome. So somehow, somehow the Lion's defense, I know statistically they didn't play well. They're the most injured the Defense ever. If you, if you talk to a Lion's fan, Yeah. They, I think they have 13 guys on injured reserve. I believe that includes offense too. But they've got a lot of guys that are hurt. The defense didn't look, they didn't look as bad as their numbers were. Right. That's what I'm saying. I guess. Well, and you know what it is, it's when they hit you, the guys that are out there, if they're in position to, if they're in the right position and they're playing well as as a team, they knock the fuck out of you.


They hit you hard. But then they also give up like a lot of really, really big easy plays. Yeah. So it tricks you when they're thinking that they're better than they are. Because when they make a tackle, they make a fucking tackle. Eile McNeil is very, very important for their defense. And he went out like, what is it? Six minutes into the game. Yeah. So yeah. They'll, they'll maybe get, I mean, I think Anzalone iss coming back get a little healthier. But Yeah, the lines are lines are just good. You get Aiden Hutchinson back for the Super Bowl. Maybe, Maybe, maybe. I had one last thing. We didn't say it because we, we taped everything else earlier, but we did get the Spotify rap numbers and thank you to all the aws. It blows my mind every year. Yes.


It's Crazy. Thank you very, very much. All the People tweeting us, all the people hitting us on Instagram, we don't take it for granted one bit at the end of the year where I always think about it like, fuck man, we have the best job in the world. Luckiest guys in the world. And it's like all these people spend all this time with us and it's, it's not lost on us at all. No. There's so many podcasts out there that you could listen to. And as a podcast listener myself, you know, you make that choice. Yeah. Every single time. So thank you. Thank you for making that choice. And we love you guys and appreciate You. Yeah. Memes. You wanna say anything to our fans? I love you. Okay. Nice. That was good. What about to us?


You guys are cool too. Oh, Oh, Thanks. And Pft. Oh, And I'm cool with you. He's here now. This Yeah. PTs here. All right. That was perfectly said. I, I've started a new tradition where I just hug memes every time I see him. Yeah. And he just physically, he's just like recoils. Yeah. He doesn't, doesn't He doesn't like touching Hank you guys. Anything you wanna say? No. Yeah. Love you guys. It's Spotify. Apparently Spotify fired a bunch of people and that's why the Spotify wraps were, were just bad in general. Like it was crazy seeing our numbers, but the aesthetic feeling of going through your own personal Spotify wrapped and even our part of my take Spotify wrapped wasn't the same.


And apparently it just 'cause Spotify like fired a bunch of people. Oh Shit. That's very well said. I Don't know why I just said really well said. I dunno why I said that. I dunno why I just said that. Thanks. The fans. I dunno why I said that. I dunno why I said thanks everybody at Spotify. You Wanna take another shot at it? Yeah. I mean, I just get weird when I get emotional. I, I, I, you know, our fans are the best fans in the world. We're not emotional guys. It's mind blowing that hundreds of thousands if not millions of people, you know, listen and watch the show. Know who we are. I forget that all the time. I just think I'm saying stupid shit with my Friends. Yeah. It's just how it should always remain. Yeah. That's the beauty of this show is that we have never really thought that we're not just saying stupid shit with our friends. Max. Sorry, Spotify. You have, I dunno why you did that. That was just like a fuck Spotify for no reason.


That was so weird. I'm wrong. So like, and I wrapped Drop The ball. Thank you to Spotify for carrying our podcast on their Platform. Yes. Keep pumping us please. I just feel like Hank heard you say Spotify and Yeah. You just blacked out, stopped Listening to everything else. I just like Spotify. That reminds me Max. I Was thinking it. I just shouldn't have said it. Yeah. Max, instead of saying thank you to our fans, do you have anything else to say about the Lion's schedule? Also Apple Music. Do something similar. Maybe that's, maybe this is your chain. Why are you encouraging people to think You listening to everyone who listen on Apple Music too? I think Apple Music does. Apple Podcast Does it. Apple Podcast. Thank you everyone. Listen on Apple Podcast. Thank you. Any everyone listen. Google Play. Google Play. Yeah. Watch Song.


Rumble a Stitcher. Is that still a thing? Yeah. IHeart. Yeah. Amazon IHeart. Yep. Yep. Hell yeah. On iHeart. I think Google might have got rid of podcasts. I think we're on IHeart. Fuck no. Not gonna say that. Nope. Max anything. Last thing about the line schedule, instead of saying thank you to the fans, The fans probably know how easy the line schedule that they've just given them all of their hard games at home. I know, it's, I feel like love they play only their division rivals only at home. I know for some reason I'm only paying attention to divisional games at home. Oh, I don't even think that they played those road games earlier in the season. Oh, man. All right. Let's, let's kick it to ourself. We got week 14 preview.


We've got RG three and then we've got some great fire fest and a little lottery ball magic.


Okay, before we get to the weekend preview, we're brought to you by our friends. Ed Gametime football season is here. We can't wait to get outta some games this fall. With the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. PFT, we're looking at SEC championship tickets. We are. Yeah. Georgia, Texas in Atlanta. What do we got? So I got $138 to get in. Okay. And then the Gametime picks $267 corner end zone. Ooh, great. Seats kind of halfway up. Love it. See the whole field? I love it. So pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick settings at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Go buy those tickets right now. Georgia. Texas on Saturday with Gametime Picks. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it? It is Gametime.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. No matter what happens between your favorite rivals this week, you got a chance to win. Just go to the PMT Instagram and tell us how you prepare for a rivalry game with Coors Light. For an opportunity to win the Coors Light rivalry shirt, five winners will be selected every Saturday until December 7th. So remember, when rivalries get a little overheated, choose chill and keep things cool by reaching for the mountain cold refresher. And a Coors Light. Coors Light is mountain cold refreshment. Literally made to chill. Coors Light is cold, lager cold filtered in cold package. It's as crisp and refreshing as the Rockies perfect for a moment to unwind. Even the biggest rivals Agree When it's time to cool things down and enjoy the game. You choose Chill. And then you reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. That's coors light.com/take. Celebrate responsibility. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take.


Okay, boys. Week 14. It's getting late. This is not a great slate. We got some six teams on a buys last bye week of the season. Broncos, Colts, Patriots, commanders, Ravens, Texans. It has left us with, I would say not the greatest groupings of games, but that usually is what gives us the most chaos. There's A couple good ones out there. There's A couple good ones, but I You would agree. There's also some ones that will go through quickly. Yeah, we can just talk about draft picks. Right, Right. Okay. So here's, here's I I have the, I have them ranked in kind of order. One of the first ones that I thought was compelling, I don't know this I think might be main tv, Falcons at Vikings.


Yep. Vikings, Kirk Cousins Revenge Game, Kirk Cousins Revenge Games. Vikings minus five and a half over under 45 and a half. All in the DraftKings app. This is kind of do or die for the Falcons here because it feels like everything is trending in in the wrong direction. And now you go up against a Vikings defense. Brian Flores knows Kirk Cousins from last year. He's gonna blitz the fuck out of him. And here's a stat for you. Kirk Cousins, when he gets sacked three plus times, he's one in three straight up this year and he is one in five straight up. When getting sacked three plus times over the last two seasons, gun to your head, do you think he gets sacked more than three times on Sunday?


I Think he gets sacked more than three times. So I think the Vikings are gonna win. Also we talk about the In the Hunt graphic a lot on this show because it comes out, you know what, two weeks ago I think they debuted in the hunt. Yeah. And how it can be like a, a very powerful narcotic if you are a fan of a bad team that is still featured in the, in the Hunt graphic. Yep. Because it tricks you into rooting for your team, even though you should actually be hoping that they lose as many games. And I'm not talking about like, as the games are playing, you all become fans and you root for your team to win during the game. Yeah. But it makes you think, oh, we still have a chance and you almost never have a chance. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are the team that's lurking in the hunt. Yeah. They're, they're like right there with the Falcons. If anything fucks up with the Falcons, the Bucks are ready to just take that division and run away with it.


Yeah. The, the Falcons obviously have the tiebreaker 'cause they beat 'em twice. But it is, is definitely, it feels like two teams going in the opposite direction right now. We talked about it I think two or three weeks ago when I, we were saying take the Bucks plus 400 to make the, to win the NFC South. Yeah. He's just looking at the schedules and looking at how the bucks are playing. Getting healthier. Yeah. This could be given the fact that the Bucks are playing the Raiders in the, and the Vikings are playing the Falcon or the Falcons are playing the Vikings. This could be the week that the Bucks are now in first in NFC South. Yeah. So Aaron Jones had a bad fumble last week. Yeah. And he's fixing it. He's trying to, I don't think he's in Kevin O'Connell's doghouse. In fact, kind of the opposite that Kevin nurtured him this week.


Kevin O'Connell kept saying like, I love Aaron. He's the best. Everybody loves Aaron. So what's the, what's the opposite of a doghouse? He sleeping on the bed. Sleeping on the bed. Yeah. Sleeping under the covers. Sleeping under the covers on the bed. Yeah. He owns The Bed now. That would be the ultimate opposite of doghouse. Yeah. So Aaron Jones to, to fix the fumbling remedy. Some guys carry around a football all week and that teaches them not to fumble. He's been carrying around his children like footballs. Oh. And his arms all week teaching himself not to fumble High and tight. I like this strategy. He's, he been breastfeeding. I like, I don't know if he has, but it would mean that Aaron Jones has three generations of Joneses on his body at all times. 'cause doesn't he wear, he wears his dad's ashes. Yeah.


In a necklace around his, his his neck. It's a lot of Joneses. So a lot of Joneses. I like the strategy of carrying your kids around. I'd Like to see how he does it though. Because if it's, if it's a baby and it's reverse, I think that's even funnier where it's the asses to his, to his like chest. Yeah. So the face is out so he is carrying it around. The baby gets kind of like a good POV. You Think he's palming his baby's face? No, I would think back. No, No, no, no, no. I'm saying he's, he's got the, he's got his hand on the, on the baby's chest. Okay, got it. Got it. Yeah. So, well, so, so the baby can like look out and he's holding it high and tight. That'd be kind of cool. But then he is exposing his baby's head, exposing the end of the football.


He's carrying his baby like a looking bread. Well you dunno if his baby can't slide. That's true. Yeah. We should give credit because sometimes we get caught in the trap of like, Hey this guy stinks, this guy stinks. Mad Relu is an idiot. Sometimes some of us get caught in that trap. Kevin O'Connell has been elite in one score games. So he is 24 and nine straight up in one score games and it's the third best win percentage for any head coach in NFL history seven and one this year in one score games. He's such an awesome coach. And like that kind of is, if you had to pick a stat for what makes a great coach, it might be one score games.


Yeah. 'cause those are the games where like, you know, blowout wins, blowout losses probably doesn't have a, a big factor. The coaching one score games when you have to make decisions late in the fourth quarter. That's the definition of a great coach. And Kevin O'Connell is that Yeah. High scoring one score games. Yeah. Where do you stand in that? I think he's probably pretty good at it. And it's, I mean Even the, yeah. The last week, It's so weird to me that, that they didn't give him, he was like doing a contract before the season and then they just stopped during the season. They said we'll figure it out later. I think next year would be his last season as a head coach for the Vikings. I think that's more what contract is. Like what more did he have to do leading to this point to make you feel, if you're a Vikings, if you're the owner of the Vikings, like this is our coach, we wanna lock him up. He Went on expert mode and was like, here you want me to make Sam darn good?


Josh Dobbs. Yeah. Remember that? Remember JJ McCarthy? They Should have locked him Up. JJ McCarthy's gonna end up being the best quarterback from that draft class. Well that's Just what's gonna end up happening after all this discussion. And that JJ McCarthy's somehow gonna be like the best player of all time. Is it gonna affect him at all that they play on artificial grass? And so he can't properly ground himself before the games. They'll probably Put a patch. Which Is a patch on. Yeah. Where you can also plant a flag if you get Yeah. Upset if you come in there and beat 'em. Yeah. But yeah, I, I, I like the Vikings in this game and I do think the Falcons are in deep, deep trouble. Especially because the way they lost that Chargers game, their defense finally showed up and had a great game and their offense completely let them down. I don't know.


I just, I I feel like it's slowly the air is coming outta the balloon for the Falcons And it is Kirk Cousins revenge week. But talking to Kirk, he doesn't seem, well, he made it seem like he gets into like psycho Kirk mode, but I, I don't see a revenge game from Kirk. I see a, a turn the other cheek game from Kirk. Yeah. It sounded like when we, when we did talk to him that it was the commander's game will be more of a revenge game. Yeah. And, and really what does Kirk have to be upset about? Like a revenge game for paying me hundreds of millions of dollars Living an awesome life. The fans loving me. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Next up Browns and Steelers. Steelers minus six and a half over under is 46. Have you guys watched any of the hard knocks? I saw clips of it.


I I watched the first part of it the other night. I love Mike Tomlin more than anyone I think in the NFL right now. It's crazy how awesome he is. He is just, he gets in front of a room and I, you just get pumped up. And then he was sitting watching tape. There was this clip where he is sitting watching tape. He's got his feet up on the, on the desk. He's eating chili cheese Fritos, which are elites. And he's just like, yeah, we gotta, we gotta get physical with them. They got a, he said some clip, like he might this running back here for the Bengals. He doesn't know your name today, but he better know your name on Monday. And I was just like, yes, let's go. Yeah. So yeah, he's the best.


I like all the coach speaks like when they get up in front of the team, they're like, this, this NFL schedule has been designed to crush you. Yeah. It has been designed to defeat you. And then I Was it Stefanski or was it Zach Taylor that was like, you guys wanted to be in the playoffs Stefanski. He's like, you're already in Congrats. You're in the players. Yeah. That's, that's exactly what you say to a team that you know is not gonna be very good. Yeah. Like congrats guys. We made the Playoffs 'cause it's week one and everybody's in the Playoffs. Yeah. But Tomlin man, he just, he's he, I get it. Like just even I I, I've obviously started to realize it but I now fully, fully get it in the fact that like, watching him in front of a room, he opened up his, his house for the whole team for Thanksgiving. I like that. He's like, if anyone needs a place to go, come over to my house.


And yeah, he's, he, his big thing was either you're thriving or surviving. If you're, if you're, if you're just surviving, figure out a way to thrive, the League will figure you out. Yeah. Just it's great. Makes Me feel like I'm in a locker room. Yeah. And then Jamis doing like practicing cadences with no shoes on in the quarterback's room was pretty awesome. He's the best. It's good. A the a FC north hard knocks is very good. As for this game Fun fact, which I think I just memory hold because the Browns went and won a playoff game in Pittsburgh. But the Cleveland Browns have not won a regular season game in Pittsburgh since anyone gotta guess Baker Maybe gimme Miles.


Miles, Garrett, gimme a quarterback. And a year, if you can Baker 2020. No, the Browns have lost Mason Rudolph Assault. No. Yeah, That's what I, that's what I was going for when I said Miles Garrett, The last Time Virgin win, The last time the, the Cleveland Browns have won a regular and got it. Bang 2003. That's crazy. That's insane. 20 Years because they won in the playoff game. So it doesn't feel like that. Yeah. That's, that's t insane. Is that a Covid playoff Game? That was the Covid playoff game. So that was Stefanski wasn't able to, he was in his Basement. Yeah, that's right. Isn't that nuts? Yeah. That's, that's very depressing. I don't know how much, like how much you can count of Covid playoff game.


Oh, also, no, we Gotta give that. Come on Hank. Yeah. Yeah. It was late. They had fans there. Probably first responders in the stadium. It was weird. But yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna count it. You got it. Come on. Give Us, you hate Cleveland. Is that true, Hank? No. I, I did. There was a guy and I, I think he was being serious and so hosting this show, we get a lot of fan bases that claim that we hate them all the time. We started to get like a taste of the Joe Buck life for the first time. There was a Browns fan that accused me directly. He is like PFT, you've always hated the Cleveland Browns. And that to me is like the last fan base that I would've expected that from. That one's weird. It's weird, right? I've Gotten a couple weird ones. I think It's because like I in the Baker Browns split up.


What what do you How memes Yeah. Memes was up. I Agree with the Browns fan. Did I hate the Browns? Yeah. I just took Baker's. I said you should have kept Baker when they did it. I didn't issue that. The anti PFT memes is agreeing With Yeah. Memes hates me right now for the record. I don't hate memes. I love memes. I also love memes. So in that 20 years since the Browns have lost last won a regular season game in Pittsburgh, the Browns have only beaten the Steelers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 8 times in the regular season total. So it's, it's been hammer and nail And also coming off a, a very public win against the Steelers in Prime time.


Yeah. Very emotional win reverse. I feel like this is, this is Prime for a Tomlin shit kicking Alex Highsmith is back. But I do hate the Browns. I Yeah, you do, you do hate the Browns. It, I I don't think the Browns are gonna quit, but 'cause of Jamis. But this is, we, we are on quit watch for some teams right now. Yeah. Like this is definitely the part of the season also. Did you guys see I, wait, so back to that real quick. What, what's the, that Browns fan saying that you hate the Browns? Definitely one of the weirdest. I was trying to think which one I had. Let's see. I can't remember. But there's always a stray one where it's like, what are you talking about dude? Yeah. I think sometimes we don't realize it 'cause we just talk And we say like a stray comment can really affect somebody.


Yeah. And they, I I get it as a fan. What memes, what? Like I would file it away. Viking fans think you guys Hate it. Oh, I do hate the Vikings. But that's 'cause they're in the NFC North. I, I don't hate the Vikings at all. Dolphins, Raiders, I don't hate. Those are the ones I remember. I don't hate. No, I'm saying like people. Yeah. No, not for me. The Raiders we did on purpose when we didn't remember, we didn't do 'em for Fastest two minutes. Yeah. Every week. Yeah. That was all of 2019. Maybe I also just wanna say, if you pick against the team, that doesn't mean you hate the team. Correct. Like that's someone's gotta cover the spread Unless it's me and the Browns. Unless You And the Browns Very personal and you are taking the Steelers. I am. I just said this is Mike Tomlin shit kicking. Yeah.


Did you see Mike Tomlin's quote about Joey Porter getting flagged six times? He said, when we play Shaq, we're gonna use our fouls. Yeah. Yeah. Well, all right, so this week they've got land clerk officiating. Oh you know, land and his crew, they like to throw a lot of pass interference flags. Mm. Which that should be a stat for the offense and for the defense too. Yeah. And actually not a bad stat for the defense because if you commit pass interference it means that your quarterback was in position to make a play. True. But it should be a good stat for the, like what quarterbacks out there right now. I I feel like Russ would not be a bad pass interference quarterback with the moon balls. No, he would be good. Yeah, you're right. Yeah. If you got, if you got late hands getting him up there.


Yeah. Although Joey Porter, Joey Porter, He does get Well the Steelers might be very good at drawing offensive passer interference and also very bad at committing defensive pass. It's True. I'm, I'm, I'm backing on believing on the Steelers. It's cra this team makes no sense to me because I, they're good. But like I also don't, I'm gonna need Russell Wilson to win another Super Bowl for me to say he is not washed. Is he back in the Hall of fame? He might be. He might be. Should we Leak our, our news? They're Also, it's also hard for, oh yeah. Let's leak our news a second. It's hard. I don't know if you guys struggle with this as well. It's very difficult for me to make a quick transition on a team on what I expect from them. I don't expect the Steelers to score a lot of points and have explosive plays.


They clearly can do that with this offense. But my brain is not caught up and it probably won't catch up for like four to five years. Yeah. And we talked about this with RG three a little bit, but do you know what I'm saying that you can get a vibe for the Steelers offense pretty early in the game? Yeah. Just on how fast Najee Harris looks. Correct. Just on the eyeball test. Yeah. Is like first run, is he doing the slow, like two footed hop to the side and get tackled for one yard? Or is he like breaking it to the outside and hitting the whole hard If he hits the whole hard on the first run, I feel like that's instantly Steeler's offense will be good that day. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. You wanna bleak it. Should we? Well let's bleep it out. Can we, can we bleep this out? What are you gonna say Max? Do you think that there's any chance of a divisional look ahead game for the Steelers?


No. Because this is a game in the division. No, that's what I'm saying. Like next week they play, they go to Philly, play the Eagles, play the three win browns. That's not their Division. Why, why are we talking about The Eagles right now? Wait, so what would be the look ahead That the, that the Steelers are looking towards the Eagles nation? No, because they just lost to the Browns and it's, they're in the division, But Okay. It was a very, it was a, a prime time loss too. And Also if you watch hard knocks like my, they all take a lot of pride in individ division games. I didn't watch Harden knocks. Okay. Didn't, don't watch You don't watch football during the week. I watch it on, I'm gonna watch tonight. Okay. There'll be quiz.


Are you sure? You sure you can do it? A thousand, what is It on What Harden knocks. It's on HBO Max Max. It's literally on your app. Yeah. Who asked? Someone asked that question the other day. I think it was Che. Oh yeah, that was stupid question. He's an idiot. So should we leak this news? Yeah, but maybe let's just bleep out the second part of this guy's name. Hold on. I wanna read this too. 'cause I actually was, I was too busy today that I saw it but I didn't process it. But go ahead. I'm gonna read Along. Okay. So we, me and Big Cat got a text today from a guy at Barsol named Jersey bleep out the second part of that so they can't figure out who it is.


He has been contacted by a representative from Russell Wilson and he said I was a day one believer. Everybody counted him out. I defended him. I'm so happy he's a Steeler. He's done so much in a short time. And the representative was very happy that Jerry was out there defending Russ. Jerry sent us a screen grab of this and said, oh my god guys don't leak this yet. And I was confused what he, what he meant by Don. What does he not want us to leak? That he's friends that he's dmd with Russell Wilson's manager. Yeah. And he said, well, Don't leak This. And I said, leak what? He said, this thread, I'm going to ask for a meet and greet with Russy. Is that too fast? And I said, what would we leak?


And he says the thread, Eric, the messages, this is massive for me. And an update. This person said, have you met Russ yet? I want to make it happen. And then Jerry says, no, I want to so bad with three exclamation points. Also, I'm Looking at this first time Jerry's, he's heartened too many messages. Yeah. So I Told every single one of her messages. I said, are you hoarding every message? He said, yeah. Is that too much? I it might be too much. He might be coming a strong It might too. It might be too Much. 'cause there's I think five messages from this person. He is hearted. All of them. Oh no. He is mad at me now. 'cause I told him we were gonna maybe leak this. Well, we didn't leak it. We bleeped out his name. Yeah. What also, what, what, what would be the leaking of this?


Yeah. Hello. Hey Jerry. We're live on PMT right now. We, we might have le we bleeped out the second part of your name, but we did leak your messages. Is that a problem? Yeah. Big one. Why? Well, because the meeting is set up. Oh. So it's getting, it's getting set up. But I don't wanna ruin the chance of that. No. How It's all positive stuff. I, if anything, this will actually make it like this person can't back out now. Because if they back out, it's like, Hey, what did you do to Jared? It's, You know what I I think you're actually right. Yeah. Yeah. To, to steal a play from Providence, Twitter. This is hashtag the meet and Greet.


Yeah. What are you meet and greet him? That's up to her. But I think it's gonna be sooner rather than later. What, what Jerry? One thing I noticed are, why are you spelling it? MEAT and greet. But if I do Do the meet and greet, I want like full access. What does full access mean? Like all access, like No holds barred. Pre-post. Pre-post on Pre-game post-game game. Worn something. Gloves or cleats or Something. Why don't we start with just meeting him? Good. That be fair? Okay. That's fair. What now? What, what dates are you looking at? She's the one looking at the dates. Alright, but you can't miss streaming.


Yeah, we'll have to. Yeah, we're gonna fi we're gonna figure everything out Dean. Okay. Alright. So, but, but it's been leaked. But that's okay. It's put pressure on them. Pressure makes diamonds. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Rusty Riders. Rusty riders. Jerry. Jerry, who do you like this weekend? Do you like them to cover Steelers or Browns? I think, I think, I think they win by 25. Oh wow. Okay. All right. Thanks Jerry. See ya. You got it. Thanks. Alright. Bye. All right. The meet and greet and pre and post, pre post Electric pre. Yeah. That was crazy that Max tried to bring in the Eagles for this. He's always bringing up Philly sports. I, I, I'm just, I want the Steelers to win. Yeah. Because we plan in the next week. They'll they will, But I don't want the, that, that is my worry.


And I don't think it's that bad of a take. Okay. Next game. You know what, before I say the next game, I'm gonna give a trivia. Let's see who can get it. Who leads the NFL in receptions this year? Adam Thilan. He's Been hurt for so much of the year. Hank PFT. This shocked me. I got it wrong. So don't, don't feel bad if you get it wrong. I got it wrong when I, when I saw it. Is It Garrett Wilson? It is not Garrett Wilson. Any guests in the, in the booth. Memes is a good one. Brock Bowers.


It is Brock Bowers. Memes knows Ball. How Brock Bowers. And so, so we we're gonna do Raiders at Bucks. Bucks minus six and a half over under 46. Brock Bauers is first in receptions. He's fourth in yards. I know that it will go to a quarterback. But Brock Bauers the best tight end in the NFL. He should win Rookie of the Year. I disagree. I understand why you have to Disagree. I I just in principle have to disagree That I know, I understand why you, but you see what I'm saying? Like, he's literally the best player at his position in the NFL as a rookie. Well It's, it's also the fact that the Raiders don't really have anything else. Correct. So their, they their opponents know that they have to get him the ball no matter what.


And They have not great quarterbacks Throwing him the ball. And they're still getting him the ball. He's that good. It's, it's, Do you think the fact that Scene Sees it, he literally doesn't look like a rookie Maybe In and out of his helmet. Maybe that has something to do. It's like, oh, this guy's basically like a BYU player. Yeah. Playing against other guys. I was just trying to figure out ways to talk about the Raiders though, being a big bummer. Yeah, no, I Mean, and Brock Powers is that Brock Powers is awesome. Yeah, he's incredible. Do we think Mike Rebel's gonna be the next coach of the Raiders? No. 'cause I think he's gonna The Bears, I Think he might be the next coach of the Raiders. Brady. Yeah. Brady Connect. Doesn't It feel like that? Maybe. I have no idea how. Oh, okay. Coaching shit's gonna play out.


I think the box will probably win this game though. And maybe cover because it does feel like the Raiders, that was, that was everything on their season against the Chiefs. Yeah. They, they, everything's going good for 'em right now. Everything's looking good if you're a Bucks fan. Yeah, I know. It was close against the Panthers And Baker's banged up. Baker's banged up. He hasn't played great in the last couple Games, but Mike Evans had that sick catch. He did. Mikes Also, why would you replace a, a former, you know, defensive stud player coach with a former defensive stud players coach? Because Mike Rebel's a really good coach in Antonio Pierce. Who we like maybe isn't Is that fair answer? I Guess if you're going based off, I mean Antonio Pierce is one.


I I know the team is bad, but I think Mike Rebel's a better coach than Antonio Pierce. Yeah. Antonio Pierce would be so pissed off if a Patriot took his job. Yeah, he would. Maybe jets too. I saw there was a Jets Mike Vrabel conversation That should happen. I did see that. He wants control of the GM choice and then he would consider, So He wants to pick the gm. He, He wants control and he doesn't care what Bill Belichick thinks about Woody Johnson. That that's what the report was. I mean, thats, that's smart To demand control. I don't think he's gonna come here. No. I think he might be the Raider Psych coach. So wait, does Bel he says that he wants control over who the GM will be or he wants control over personnel.


That's what, That's what the tweet was. He wants, he wants to choose the GM so they're on the same page. Got it. Okay. Got it. Yeah. The bucks I think, I think we're gonna, I think Monday morning we're at the Bucks gonna be NFC South top. The NFC South. We got a pirate off in this game. Yeah. Big time. I like the Bucks. Yeah. Okay. Panthers at Eagles. Eagles minus 12 and a half over under 46. I'll say it. I think this is, if the Eagles have to win this game by a lot, for me to take 'em for real. How much is a lot They have to cover if I want, if I wanna take them for real. This is kind of a huge game.


Trust tree. Yeah, I said the look ahead thing. 'cause I'm worried about a look. You, you're looking ahead but it's not divisional. I know, but then I added a divisional thing because I thought that made sense and it honestly made, Made it worse. No, it was the opposite. It was the opposite sight. No, no it was dumb. But that was me projecting, that was me projecting my own insecurities. Max, would you ever think playing against the Giants, you would look ahead if you had the Steelers Y No, but yes. Honestly, yes. Max. Can I make you feel better about this game? 'cause I think the Eagles are gonna kill 'em, The pants, but everyone thinks Eagles are gonna kill 'em. But the pan No, but no, I actually disagree. I think there's like, the Panthers have covered a couple games in a row, so people are kind of like wise to the Panthers aren't as bad as they used to be.


The Eagles defense is elite. Their top five in, in total defense. They're also top five in run defense, which the Panthers are gonna wanna try to do, which they won't be able to do. And then the Panthers run defense is 31st in DVOA. I think this could be the game that Nick cii goes video game controller and tries to get SQL on the MVP. That would be elite. That would be awesome for me. I actually think we should contemplate for our TD parlay S one two, se one Two. The problem with that is if this goes according to plan for the Eagles, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a blowout. And then Barkley might not stay in the game, But I think they're gonna, I here's and I'm, I'm not basing this off anything, but I'm just taking a guess.


Could we potentially see, instead of the tush push at goal line, Saquon trying to get some tds fake Tush push? No. Or just Saquon just running the ball. Normally in scoring that way because the Panther's defense, they won't do that. But I'm just saying, I could See the fake to tush push where they fake it and then pitch it to Saquon. Go into the outside. Okay. But it's just like the, like Saquon his, his numbers are there maybe needs a couple more tds because Jalen hurts his vulture some, so they might just pump him up a little bit this week. Max, Do you think that the tush push is getting back to, to pre post Kelsey levels of effectiveness? No. It went, there was a couple weeks where it was bad, but that was because Jordan Otta wasn't there. Because Jalen Hurts always goes towards Jordan Otta side.


Yeah. So it's just Like with Otta back, it's still Lead just as effective. I I feel like you have some sort of stat to tell me that. No, No. I not, this is not a trick question at all. I'm just curious. Like I, it's like 90, 90, 90% as effective with Jordan Milot. Does it still give you like that same rush that you used to get? I mean, I still have zero. I still get just as excited if we're third and one or fourth and one. You wouldn't be more excited if it was Jason Kelsey. It really, I I still kind of have that com You're you're just having me put bad tape out there right now? No. For when it does get fucked up, but I still have 95% of the comfortability that I did last year when it's fourth and one, like I'm not, I'm not worried It's 95 9.


Like of last year. I've realized what it is with Max. When he gets stuck in his sentences in his own brain, it's because he is actively thinking about whether or not his answer is going to give us something to make fun for Later. Right? Correct. You guys are Ruined, but he doesn't realize that no matter what his answer is. Yeah. Sometimes we just have conversations Max because like 95%, that's seems like a, that's pretty good. But there's also 5% where that could be game of inches. Ever heard of that You got? Yeah. It Sounds like you, I I get, I get skeptical every single time. You guys wanna talk to me? 95% every single. I think you're out to get me. 95% is a very high number too.


Me Is nodding head. Yeah. I thought Hank, I thought Hank was, I thought you were looking at Hank when you were looking at memes. Memes reactions are so funny in this, in this episode. Hate us here Max. I got a good sta for you. Teams off overtime are 44% against the spread over the last decade. So 44% against the spread's bad and the spread's 12 and a half. So even if the Panthers cover, the Eagles can still win comfortably. Eagles are gonna win this game. Max. I would love to be 45% against the spread, by the Way. Yeah, me too. Oh my God. You said that and you I was like, that's, that seems like kind of good. That's, That's basically making money. Yeah. This is not an NBA cup division.


Yeah. Max, you're gonna win this game. Yeah, no, I'm, I think we're gonna win. I'm just worried it's gonna get, I just don't want it to be, I don't want 'em to get cute. Yeah. I don't want 'em to get cute. Nerve win every game. Especially 'cause I could see we taping after this. The lions just lost. The Eagles are playing for the, the, The you're, you're so Bad at this man. You did so good for a little bit. Oh, I know. That's just wishful thinking. And now this is gonna be the part that whatever. Yeah, but like if the Eagles are are like, they have to beat the Panthers for the one seed and it's like, oh Eagle's one seed done. Yeah. Lock it in and then it's like, oh my God, we finally have a chance to be in the, be the one seed and then we lose to the fucking Panthers.


So bald Dani undefeated after he shaved his head. Correct. Does it, is he gonna res shave his head or is it just like this new hair, whatever's growing in his good that's winning hair? No, He is just gotta, he has to keep until he loses again. Then he goes Baldi again. Got it. Okay. So it keeps Going. Every Law ball Bald, You restart. And I, another thing that I've been worried about for the past couple weeks is Hank keeps saying it. When are we getting the NFL makes no sense Game. It could have been the Raiders on, on Friday, on Black Friday. Yeah. Think like I'm worried that the Eagles are gonna get one of these NFL makes no sense game Here. Here's maybe your answer. What if we have already hit our, our like full of it? We had so many, it was early in September and October. Raiders over Ravens.


Remember the first like four weeks where it was just every, every single ga every single week there'd be like an eight point dog that would lose outright or eight point favor lose outright. Like this was a crazy year for the like survivor Pools. Correct. It was Also kinda late in the season for those games. I agree that it might have just passed. I don't know. But you said it and I've been thinking about it ever since. As soon as you said NFL makes no sense Game. I've been worried it's gonna be coming to me. We did get one two weeks ago. What was that? No, it was me. Oh it was me. Yeah. But it's still like it Digital. It was, it was like an 11 point spread. But It's also like What? It's also what? It's also what I mean it's not like a storied franchise.


Okay. Put it in the bulletin board. Yeah. Don't the commanders have more Super Bowls than the Eagles? Yeah, we do Three times more. How many do You have? I think it's three times. Were you Alive Times More? Yes, I was three times More. Were you? Yeah. Fucking old As shit. I was alive. I was alive for two of them. Okay. Saints at Giants. Giants minus four and a half over under is 41 Giants haven't covered in seven straight games. Yeah. There's a lot of depressing stats out there about the Giants. This game is not, this is gonna suck because No TSO Hill to me just means that the Saints are back to just a lot of Derek Carr. Yeah. Too car. Too car Too. Too much. Derek. I like a little bit of Derek car. Oh I do too. Sprinkle 'em in there.


But you also have to have like, you know, the crazy TSO Hill place Right. Where it makes you excited as a viewer to watch. But we're not even gonna get that. There is a storyline, big storyline guarantee. I'm gonna do the PFT guaranteed graphic of the week that they will show at some point. Okay. During the game. Darren Rizzi and Brian Dbol both on the staff of the 2011 Dolphins together. Wow. So they'll show the coaches picture. Wow. From that staff. That's as exciting as this game is gonna get. Are either Darren Rizzi or Brian Dbol gonna be head coaches next year? I think Over under a half. I'd take the over. I think I might take the under. I think it's going in the wrong direction for the Giants right now for Table. I think they might clean the hole.


They should. He's a good coach. But I think they might. I This is a quick game. Yep. This is a quick game for sure. Although Drew Lock is playing for a contract I guess ish. Is that good though? Yeah, you might try too Hard. Yeah. And I don't think the Saints are very good. Yeah. This game stinks Bad game. Okay. This is gonna be, this is gonna be a bright sunny day in New York and it's gonna be cold as fuck. And the Meadowlands, that stadium gets brighter in the sun and the cold than any other stadium. Yep. You're absolutely right. Okay. Next game. The Jaguars at the Titans. Titans minus three over under is 40.


So if the Jaguars lose this game, they will remain with the first pick. This might be the NFL makes no sense. Game of the Week. What? That they're just playing it and putting on tv. You're Gonna be, yeah. You're gonna be watching and be like, what is this? Yeah. None of these plays. Make sense. Do You think there's any, first of all, Aziz Al doing the like joker memes and being like, if you want me to be your villain, I'll be your villain. See you soon. It's like, no dude. We just want you to not concuss a quarterback when he's sliding. Yeah. That was an interesting, interesting thing. And, and people obviously ran with the whole Trevor Lawrence South Four Weeks and Aziz Al Alser is only suspended for three weeks. Like Yeah. No duh. Suspension's not gonna be as long as an injury sometimes.


Yeah. That's kind of how it works. Yeah. Like what are we talking about? Yeah, I do like, I I like the fact that he's making himself the villain. Yeah. And he, but he's, he's literally doing, I can't exist. Yeah. And so I'm just gonna go joker on you. You Should get it on Aziz Shahir jersey Or just get your face painted. Like the Joker Question. Actually this question for you Hank, I've been thinking about betting the Jaguars in this game and the reasoning behind it is, is there a chance Mac Jones is like, Hey, if I wanna stick in the league, I gotta throw at least one good game out there. I've been on that train past couple weeks and it, I don't think that's, I don't think that's possible. Okay. I I'm sure he's thinking That. Yeah. No, he's trying to do that but it might not happen.


Yeah. Or be able to happen. It might not physically be possible. No, I don't think it is. Okay. Yeah. So you know, lad McConkey, he is the lead leader in, in rookie receptions as a wide receiver. Brian Thomas is 50 yards away from that. Mm. So Brian Thomas Jr. Is having a great season for the Jaguars. Yeah. And I feel like if you get on the ball then the, the offense can look average. Yeah. For the Jaguars at times Average. The Titans kind of quit last week too. Yeah, They did. And I think that that's, this is another quit game. Yeah. Where both teams are, are eligible to quit. I actually, you know what? I might doing this game. Nah, that's stupid. 'cause it's a divisional game. I was gonna say, what if I, I might just bet like adjusted line Titans minus nine and a half and Jaguars might have nine and a half and be like, hope one of the teams quits.


Yeah. One of the two will. This is interesting. Mac Jones stat here in his two starts this year, the Jaguars didn't reach double digits. Mm. So I don't know if he's capable of breaking out. Yeah. It sounds like he's not capable. Last early slate game Jets at Dolphins. Dolphins minus five and a half over under 45 memes. I'm excited. Four Here me take This for Enigma. No. To see how Aaron Rogers responds. So we have a Aaron Rogers chip on his shoulder game. He was calling out the owner subtly in the press conference this week When he was saying like, I, I shouldn't have to prove myself.


Yeah. He said, yeah. He said, someone asked like, is this prove it last five weeks? He says that's ridiculous. With all due respect, if they want me to stay fantastic. If it takes them five games, maybe they don't know what I bring to the table. That being said, I'd love to play really frigging well the last five games. Yeah. So I'm interested to see if he actually has greatness in him. I don't. And if he could sling it Right. As a football fan, He also just redid his house in New Jersey he said. So my giants take could still be. Yeah, Yeah, that's true. That could happen. Did there, did O Brick say anything about Rogers maybe not being the quarterback? No. He said he, he's our quarterback. He's our quarterback. Also, don't people like redo their houses right before they're about to sell it for like True.


Yeah. Wait, did, if it's like remodeling the bathroom in the kitchen, then that's to increase value of the home. Do we know where rooms, We dunno where rooms I have. Do you want them to win? I don't want them to win. I want, I want them to play well. Okay. So that's that's a perfect answer. Like the ja the Jamis loss. Yeah. Okay. That's what I want. You want Rogers to throw for over 300 yards she hasn't done in like three years. And you want the Jets to lose. Jets Lose Almazar is coming back. He's an Al Almazar merchant. Yep. So I think the offense should Salient no sauce. Gardner though. No sauce. The defense will probably get run all, all Over. Yeah, I was gonna say no sauce.


Gardner against the Dolphins offense is tough. Yeah. I think he seen me a high scorer game. I I gotta give credit to two. Did you guys see his quote? Yeah. It was, it was very cool. I I most guys wouldn't do this, but he was asked if he was surpri how surprised he is by the team's five and seven record. He said nobody else will say it but me. I feel like this has a lot to do with myself. Obviously putting myself in harm's way in the second game, basically leaving my guys out to dry. Yeah. That's a lot of accountability. Yeah. 'cause nobody wants to be like, if, if he didn't get concussed, we would be better. And he needs to be better at not being concussed Right. For us to win. But yeah, there's there's times where you can avoid hits. Yeah. And try to Yeah. I think it's good for him to say.


Yeah, I do. I do too. So we're gonna, we're gonna root for a good Aaron Rogers performance. Good. Aaron Rogers performance jets also haven't beat Tua. So there's your step for the day. Have the Jets won since you said that Aaron Rogers was top five in everything. Texans Maybe. I think it was after the Texans game. Yeah. Before It was. It was after a Thursday. Before Sunday. It feels like you're really attacking memes here. Big Cat. I'm not, I'm just asking Questions. He's just a, a solid Jets fan. He's been through a lot of shit. He's trying to find silver lining. He's, he's, we should applaud this. He's Patronizing memes Patronizing. You should applaud this, this optimism for me. He's patronizing. Patronizing. He's patronizing.


Me's patronizing you. I I like your take memes that just have Rogers show that he has some life, but lose the game. That's it. Show, show. You're still good at football. Don't go outside. Right. Are you gonna be watching his Netflix special? Yeah, I think so. Nice. So more torture for yourself. Yeah. There's never been, there's never been a, a bigger dumpster fire of a team that's provided as much like documentation of how things are falling apart as the Jets have recently. Yeah. That's what makes it feel even more like mean and and pointed where it's like a normal bad team you can turn your head away from. But with the Jets that are like, well you have to consume all this brand new content that we have coming out. You hear what this guy's saying means?


I'm hearing it. I'm digesting Memes. If you had to kill me, what method would you choose? Hmm. Max wants explosion. Yeah. Bomb. Not a big murderer. I feel like you'd poison him. It's a small murderer. That's what chicks do. Yeah. Chicks poison. A Small murderer either. Maybe just beat him, beat his brain to pulp Memes already is released. His playbook on death. Yeah. It's Explosion. Yeah. I just have a feeling memes might show up, dressed in all black with a mask and a backpack on and that happens. Memes avenge me. Memes don't, don't, don't do this to PFT.


Okay. I'll think about It. Okay. Alright. Afternoon games. We got three sucks. We have three. Again. Sea Ox at Cardinals. But again, last bye week Sea Cardinals, Cardinals minus three over under 44 and a half. So I don't know what to do with this game. Mike McDonald is had a baby on Tuesday. That's good. I think that's good for a coach. Might give you too much perspective though. Yeah. The Seahawks defense has gotten better. But according to my guys at Sports Info Solutions, they rank as the second worst defense and success rate allowed for the year against play action.


Okay. Cardinals can run, play action. And I also just feel like it's one of those situations where the Cardinals lost a game to the Seahawks two weeks ago, three weeks ago. Revenge Spot Seahawks. Okay. Or sorry, Cardinals. Cardinals. Cardinals. Because they lost Yeah. In Seattle. Yeah. The Seahawks has, they've beaten the Cardinals six in a row. Wow. Yeah. And so far as the head coach, Jonathan Gannon hasn't beaten the Seahawks. He's oh and three, he gets the Seahawks. Okay. But the Seahawks are a very strange team where like week to week you have no idea what's gonna happen. I like the Cardinals and I like it.


Low scoring. I do too. Maybe. Maybe a little just heavy Connor running game. Yeah. Just give, this might be like the James Connor three touchdown game Without a dog in the fight. I want the Cardinals to win. Just 'cause I want the NFC West to to be a cluster fuck all the way to the last game of the season Where we have no idea who's, yeah, yeah, Yeah. By the way, breaking moves, raking Miami Dolphins retire killed, just had a baby girl hill now reportedly has 10 plus children in 30 years of life. Oh wait, that's December 2nd. What Does 10 plus mean? Yeah, how many is that? I don't know. I'm just reporting this tweet. Is It 1112? Once you get double digit, it Doesn't matter. When you said the other baby, the other baby thing me triggered it, it triggered memes to say show them this.


So we should maybe bet Tyreek Hill. But he has so many, Well it scores a lot of touchdowns. How many times does he score on A baby bird? That's A great point. That maybe that's why he scores all those touchdowns. Somebody out there 10 smarter Than me. Figure out those facts. 10 plus. Because I feel like That's also not a number. Like why is there, Yeah. 10 plus, what's the number that means at least 11 Does It when you throw the plus in there. Yeah. But if you, Or is it just like that's the most babies that you can have? So you like when you're, you count each individual baby and then once you hit double digits it becomes 10 plus. Like When you're bett, but you're betting on something John DraftKings and it's 10 plus. It could be just 10, 10, 10 hits, 10 plus children.


Maybe it's just an adjective. Like they're really awesome children. I mean His 10 plus children, His sperm are just as Yeah. Just as fast as he is Close to a whole team. Alright. Afternoon game number two. Bills at Rams. Rams plus three and a half over under 49 and half. This is a very important game for the Rams. They need to win this game, otherwise they're in trouble. Also, just a shout out, Sean McDermott. Josh Allen. If the bills win this game, Sean McDermott will be the fifth. That'll be his fifth straight 11 win season. The only coaches to do that are Bill Belichick, Tony Dungy, Andy Reed, and Tom Landry.


Pretty good company. Yeah. Really good. That's Bill Belichick with Tom Brady. That's Tony Dungy with Peyton Manning. That's Andy Reed with Patrick Mahomes. That's Tom Landry with, you know Roger Staubach. That's pretty good company. Yeah, it's really good. He's been an elite regular season coach. I like the bills on this. I think, I think the bills are a better team than they've been given credit for all year. And getting Matt Milano back on defense. Yeah. And showing some of that up. I think I, I really, really like the bills this season. I I think that they're kind of a slept on team. I agree. Hank Rams in the, in the hungry dog. Yeah. Yeah.


Let down game. Yeah. Why is that? Travel. Travel. I just think this is, I I don't know if the Rams can win this game, but three and a half. I, the Rams have to win this. Like the, it's the kitchen sink game. Sean McVay throwing everything at the wall. Yeah. The kitchen sink game didn't factor that in. I do. So I, He's one know in those this two years year When I say, when I say the bills are slept on, obviously nobody out there thinks that the bills are a bad football team. They all think that they're a very good football team. I think that they're a great football team. No, no. The the narrative going into the season was rebuilding year. Yes. So now we're, you know, in December and they're vying for the one seed, like respect the fact that they rebuilt kind of on the fly. Yeah. I think they're, they're a great team and, and they're having a great season. Micah Hyde's back too. It is gonna tell me a lot going That's what it is for the bills.


Go tell me a lot about your bills this weekend. Tell Me a lot. Are you For real? Are you for real? Tell me. Are you for real? Okay. Ba also, Stafford has a ankle sprain, so we'll see what happens with that. But I'm sure he'll be fine. He's a gamer. The Rams picked up Emanuel Forbes off waivers. Oh. Who was released by the commanders. Did you see the video of him? No. He gets skinnier every single day. It's actually insane how tiny this guy is. Can we pull up the Yeah. Watch the video of him practicing with the Rams. Oh, he's already out there practicing. Yeah. That he was on the field. Oh my god. Yeah. He is very skinny. Look at that. Whoa. He looks like an alien, doesn't he? Yeah, that's, I think it's also 'cause of the helmet.


Oh, he is. Got the guardian cap on. Yeah, Definitely cha. But no, he looks very skinny. He should never wear a guardian cap. He Looks very skinny. I could run over him. Yeah. Alright. Bears 49 ERs. 49 ERs minus three and a half over under his 44. I think this is gonna be a Thomas Brown bump game. I'm down for an interim coach bump game. Yeah. Especially do you, do you know anything about him that would make him a great interim coach? I think he's just a fiery guy. He also has lost 22 pounds since November 12th. He said it's because he's gotten so busy. Okay. Because he's gotten two job promotions. Yeah. He said if you increase tasks to your day, you forget about food.


I, I'm, I don't know if he's like traditionally like he's not a, a huge guy, but it's more how much everyone hated Matt Ebra flues. Yeah. Which, by the way, we should give one compliment to Matt Ebra. Flues. Carro Santos was asked, you know, about Matt Ebra flues and he said he made the grass at Soldier Field. Amazing. Which he did. He did after the 49 ERs game two years ago when it was that monsoon, he had them change the grass at Soldier Field and it's been significantly better since. So Mattie Berle's great legacy. Yeah. You can't change the grass story once, once the Bears win multiple Super Bowls. Yeah. You'll have to give credit to Matt Fu But that's a hell of a quote to have your kicker be like, Hey, well say something nice about the coach that just got fired.


Yeah. Like, dude, he, he, he changed the grass. It's cool. Well also the kicker saying that is a little bit different than if it was like a lineman saying Yeah. Like he made it good for kicking. Yeah. Yeah. I also, Are you trying to impress Kyle Shahan this week? Well Florio did do a fan fiction. He did. And I like it. Which you've adopted for and I read it. Yeah. I've totally adopted it. Yeah. Are you kidding me? I mean, I've been thinking about it for a while now, but I'm totally in on this. And Kyle Shanahan did do a press conference where he just said Kale Williams is as talented as there is and he was born to play the position. So Yeah. I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking about it. Are the Niners just bad? Yeah, they're bad. I think they might be just bad. They're just bad this year. Like we just gotta accept the fact that they're just not good.


Yeah. They're bad. Their offense doesn't look great. Can't score in the red zone. Defense isn't what, what it was at all. Yeah. Just completely different team right now. Yeah. Also a little update on what the walls reported last September. Oh yeah. Christian McCaffrey posted on Instagram, but he's looking forward to returning and playing better than ever. So he's back next year. Mm. Not just this year. He's back next year. So that's As much of a non-retirement as you can get. Yeah. He's not retiring. Not even close. No. Not even close to retiring. Okay. Last game. Sunday night football chargers, a chief Chiefs minus four over under 43.


You see Harbaugh give away the, the, the lunch pails. It's such a blue collar. Guy's Just love it. I unfortunately think this is the chief Spot. So the lunch pails, they said what stalwart was on one of Them. Stalwart. Yeah. That's a har that's a Harbaugh word. That Is a Harbaugh word. Harbaugh read that in like a Hemingway novel and was like, I'm putting that on There. Yeah. Stalwart lab. McConkey might not be playing in this game, which that is a very significant injury for the Charger's offense that is limited to begin with. Yeah. So his knee and his shoulder is fucked up. Yeah. Harbo was like, he went as long as he could go. Yeah. And then he came out. Thank you. Thank you for your service Lad. Yeah. They're the Chargers when lad McConkey is targeted is 0.5 EPA per play.


And when he's not 0.08, that's pretty significant. Yeah. We'll see what happens with the Chargers defense. And this chief's offensive line too. Well DJ Humphreys might be coming playing for left tackle. Yeah. Which would be big for the Chiefs. But I just aren't, we kind of like, the conversation of the NFL makes no sense. Aren't we due for Chiefs flexing on people and being like, Hey, we're not bad. A reverse makes no sense. Yeah. No. Maybe, maybe, maybe. Are they though? I don't know. This is why we're having a preview. Are they good? I think they are.


This has to be the Chargers. Why? Right. It has to be the Chiefs. It has to be the Chargers. But if it has to be the Chargers, that Means that there's to be there any chance of the Chargers winning the Super Bowl, they have to win this game. No, they're they're, they're gonna get the playoff anyway. But if they're gonna win the Super Bowl, they have to win this game. Why? 'cause it's an ultimate test. Ultimate Coach. Yeah. You could fail a test and then still ace it later. No, this, the Chargers don't win this game. Sounds like you have a Chargers to not make the playoffs bet. No. I just like have been brainwashed by you. Even though I've pushed back and, and then one time I'm like, all right. This has to be the Chargers you're saying, eh? Yeah. I think the Chiefs blow 'em out.


Yeah. I think it's, look, I'm being honest. I never said the Chargers were it every Game to be. It's good to hear. Be honest about the Chargers. It's nice. I never said they were gonna win every game. I nice. I don't know what you're doing here. What Do you mean? It's nice? I never, I never said the Chargers are gonna win every game the rest of the way. I think the Chiefs are gonna win this game. But We're, the whole thing is we gotta get to a good Number. I understand. Once it gets to the playoff, the the Chargers have to win. We gotta win a game in the playoffs, win a playoff game and we'll have a great number and then we'll flex on Hank on our cash out. Wouldn't they, wouldn't they be much more likely to win a playoff game if they won a game like this? I don't think it's matters. I think they're probably locked in to the, to the spot they're in. I Feel like you're trying to do some mind tricks right now.


And I don't know. I'm not, I don't know what the story is. I'm being honest and I think the Chiefs are gonna win this game. I hope the Chargers win. Unless I bet on the Chiefs, which Might, if they can't win a lunch pail game, then they're not winning. Shit. What else? Where else can you go after the lunch pail the hard hat. Yeah. He might even just get his jackhammer. Yeah. He's got a few more tricks in his back. I I love the Chargers in this game. Fuck you. Alright, let's do our, let's do our picks and Let's, do you think, by the way, with the Chiefs, what are the chances of them trying to fix some of their offensive stuff by bringing BEB back? Oh yeah. That's, Isn't that the like perfect Andy Reid thing to do again?


Yeah. Also maybe the greatest agent press release ever. Oh yeah. By Eric p Enemy's agent. He got fired from UCLA today and he said his agent said Eric and UCLA mutually parted ways today as previously planned. He's still getting paid by the commanders after interviewing for head coaching jobs last year. He wanted to stay active and busy. So he decided to go help out Deshaun Foster, who is like his little brother at UCLA as opposed to sitting out a year. The plan was always to return to the NFL in 2025. But he's looking forward to the opportunities ahead. I'm not owned. I like That. The conversation was you're fired. I agree. Yeah. They mutually agreed part ways. This Was always the plan, dude. Yeah. It was always, I was always going to not be here next year.


It Wasn't even a coaching gig really. It was. I'm gonna go help out my buddy. Yeah. My little brother. Yeah. His, if you look at his title, it wasn't, it wasn't offense coordinator, it was it to help out. Yeah. But you're exactly right. Special Assistant Assistant Eric Bmy. Yeah. They're gonna bring it back. It's Gonna happen. Should we do a TD Parlay first and then we'll do our picks? Do we want to do the saquon too? I am PF t's out. I'm out this week. I'm recusing myself from the, from the touchdown. Well, you could pick Saquon and Big Cat could pick Saquon. Okay. Or I could Fix No, no. Max is back in PF t's out 'cause he's lost the last couple weeks.


By the way, DraftKings every day is game day at DraftKings Sportsbook now through the end of the year is extra special. All customers will get a special daily promo every single day. From Profit boost, odd boost, no sweat bets and more. There's something for everyone. Download the DraftKings sportsbook now. Use code. Take that's code. Take and take advantage of special daily promotions only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER (800) 327-5050 Or visit gambling helpline ma.org in Massachusetts in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9. Please gamble responsibly in Connecticut. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland 21 and over in present in most states, 18 and over in Washington, dc, Kentucky, New Hampshire or Wyoming offer void in Ontario Void. Were prohibited. Eligibility restrictions apply terms at sportsbook at DraftKings dot com slash promos on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. One plus promotion per day promotion, sport eligibility and requirements vary. Ends 12 31 24 sponsored by Kings Two plus is only one plus 180.


All right, so we shouldn't do that. So we need conviction. It's Hank me, Hank and Max. Can we get some conviction? Can we get some conviction together? Boys? Bijon. Okay, max, I will go. I'm not gonna lie. I thought PFT was gonna go. I will go. This is no conviction. God dammit. You go and I'll find, I'll find conviction. No, I'm, I'm, I'm doing I'm gonna do a last one or are you gonna do a late game? I wanna do a late game.


Sure. I can do, I can find a late game. No, I'm gonna do a late game. So you do it early. I'll, okay, fine. I'll do an early game. So, Tyrone, Tracy, What are the odds? Plus one 40. Okay. Someone's got a score. All right. I'll take Josh Allen. Who doesn't have a score? I, yeah. All right. Let's see what that Tyrone Tracy is. Plus One four Also. Someone doesn't have to score. I know. That's exactly what meme just said. Yeah. That's just not right. Yeah. Well, in this case, This game I could See, I could see no score. So we're gonna do Josh Allen is plus 100.


Tyra and Tracy is plus one 40. Bijon. Why Don't you do Saquon, dude. All right, fine. I'll do sa We Wanna win, right? I'll Do Saan. I'll do Sequan. I'll do Saquon. We wanna win. I'll do Saquon. Winning is the best part of this. Saquon. Okay. And then what's Hank's? Josh Allen Bijan Bijon. Oh, this, this will be fine. Plus four 15. Okay, that's fine. As of now. Can change by, by the time this comes out. Okay. All right. So plus four 15. All right, let's do our picks. Who's up first? So last week we did PI. No, PFT. No, no, no. So PFT did went first for the Thanksgiving pick. And then you went first right after.


Okay. For the snake. So do you wanna pick first again or does Hank wait? What? No. Hank would pick first. No, if I went first, yeah, after then I shouldn't go first. Yeah. Okay, then Hank. Hank I will take what's the records are being Big Cat Close. I think we're all, we're all bad. Big Cat. 13, 14. Hank 12 14 1. The other co-host. 11. 16. 16 anymore. I will take the Jets. Dolphins under 45. Okay. All right. I'm gonna take the Bengals minus five and a half. I'm gonna take the Jet's. Dolphins over 45. Oh, that's too bad. He was trying to leave that for me.


He wanted me to go head to head with him. Sorry, I'm Take You kinda fucked that up Dude. I'm gonna take the bucks minus six and a half Bucks minus six and a half. Alright, I'm gonna take, Hmm. I'm gonna take the shit. I'll take the Bears plus three and a half and then I will take the Falcons Vikings under 45 and a half. I'm gonna take the Seahawks Cardinals under 44 and a half. I'm gonna take the Titans minus three against the Jacks. I'm gonna take the Brown Steelers over 43 and a half.


And I will rock with Jim Harbaugh and the Los Angeles Chargers plus four. You love them? Good pick. Yeah. Great. Pick memes by the way. You love them. What was memes Pick? He took the, the Brown Steelers over. Oh Nice. Love that. Pick what? It was a good pick. I was gonna take it Patronizing. If I had a third pick, I would've voted. I would've voted for Obama a third time if I had a chance. Alright. You guys Should just pick for each other for the rest of the, yeah, You guys should. Oh, oh No. That's not good for me. No, that would be great. I'd love to see PFD on a bachelor party.


What does that supposed to, to mean? I don't Know what that means. I don't know what it means. Not there. But I said it. Yeah, you did say it Sounded cool. Alright,


Before we get to RG three, awesome interview with RG three, by the way. Fancy Fuck Boys. This segment is brought to you by Body Armor. Real hydration, real ingredients packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing Artificial Body armor sports drink has a great tasting flavor like strawberry, banana and blue raspberry. Not only do we hydrate with body armor, but some of the best athletes in the world do as well. Like Christian McCaffrey, Joe Burrow and Sabrina Escu. Get your say at Walmart and local grocery store near you.


Hey, hey, hey, Hey. Yo, what's up? It's Ryan Ricarda. Hey, Ryan Ricarda. Ryan Rico. My start this week. Candy Corn. Candy. Corn. You like Candy Corn. Get it on sale. 90% off. Great Delicious snack. Great for the holidays. Underrated. Overheated. Overheated. Get some leftover candy. Corn. Get you some candy. Corn. Great value out there. This is the fantasy. Fuck boys. We're looking for value. Speaking of value, my Sitm Hawk tour. Yeah. What Happened? That was my tour. What happened? She just had a bad podcast episode, so I disagree. I'm putting her on the bench. A rug pull. She's gotta do a little better with the podcasting. She also might have started a cryptocurrency scan to a rug pull.


I don't even know how that shit works. A rug Pull. A rug pull. Like what we did to my friend Moy in his wig shop. Yeah, exactly. Rug pull my sleeper. University of North Carolina. Yeah. Ta heels. Hmm. Beautiful school. Beautiful campus. You can Only root, this is what I love about this. Rival's A great alumnis. You Can only cheer for UNC or Duke no matter what. You can't split 'em up. Why were you saying that? They're a great team. I just think it's a great school, great program. It'd be a great place to end up. Oh, Interesting. I'm just, I'm, I'm, you know people sleep on UNC and I'm just telling you, I you it's a great spot. You would look good in Carolina, bro. Blue, Who wouldn't? Yeah. A great goer. Yeah.


Okay. House divided between Hank and Hank. Hank And Henry. Which Henry's? Duke, right? Henry's Hank is UNC. David is Duke. What? What My father David Duke. David Duke. David. My father went to Duke. Yeah, but David Duke. David Duke. Bad guy. Guy. Bad guy. Bad guy. Bad bad guy. Guy. Guy. Guy, guy. Bad guy. Guy. Is he a football player? No, We're not a basketball player. Confidence. But we're talking About the other guy. Yeah, the other guy. K. KK. The other wizard Not good. Yeah. What's up? Fuck heads. This is Michael Thomas. Anthony Vincent. Oh, what's up Michael Thomas. Anthony Vincent. M-T-V-M-T-V Is what they called me this week.


I'm starting drug testing. Oh, starting drug testing. The NFL has just lowered the threshold for the amount of marijuana that can be in a player system. So they're saying, Hey, just don't over, just don't take a a, a hero dose on weed And we won't get you in trouble. But they're also saying if you post a picture of your drug test on social media, you'll be fined $15,000. Yeah. That's bad. So we're not gonna get those posts from guys that have great games outta nowhere and then take the picture and put 'em online. Be like, oh, imagine that random test. Yeah. My cool throne is superfan in the not Cool throne. My my sit sit Is Super fans in the NFL.


The story just came out that super fans are now selling Jersey patches on the superfan jerseys and making $2,000 a week. I love It. A week Like NASCAR drivers out. That's supposed to be about the name on the back of the jersey. The name on the front of the jersey. Not the name. Right beneath the name on the front of the jersey. Got It. And then my sleeper this week. Big time sleeper. I'm talking shorts. It is so cold outside. It is unreal. It was zero degrees the other day. I went outside of my shorts to put the Christmas lights up. I almost froze to death. My balls up in my Belly. Oh, in the belly belly ball. Me is weak. What's up fucker? It's Maxi Diante. Hey Maxi. My stardom this week is my asshole is sandwiches.


I make a mean sandwich. I made sandwiches for everyone today. Yesterday. Tomorrow. Look at it on Pmm TV. Look at it on PMT Max Elli. My syn is going to be the fake George McCaskey Twitter account that everyone's buying. 'cause he's got a blue check mark. Stop tagging everyone in it. It's not really George McCaskey. I don't even think he knows how to work a phone, let alone the internet. And my sleeper is the Georgia Bulldogs. 'cause they banned bevo from the SEC championship game. That's fucked up. Yeah. Why? I don't know. Mad cow disease. What's Ever happened between those two? Yeah. Yeah. What what? Remember Mad cow Disease.


Yeah. Remember that? That Was wild. Yeah. There were a lot of rumors out there. You just ate meat and then you went crazy. Well, Danny Boy Cain I think had Mad cow. No, he did not. Never, never. Max. Why don't you make us sandwiches once a week? I could do that. I'd be happy to fund it every other week. I'd be happy to fund it. Okay. Max. Making his sandwiches and tuning to the pmm TP It was basically like watching a kid with like a spinning toy where it's like a sensory, you know, like you need to have a sensory break. That was him like spreading the, the sauces and everything. He was just sitting there having the time of his life. They were really good sandwiches. I was concerned at how good they looked. Yeah. Like you really took your time dressing him up.


Yeah, He did it. He did a great job. Alright, let's get to RG three. Awesome interview with RG three In Studio.


RG three is brought to you by Uber Eats. It's football season. Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals in all your game day favorites. This week you can enjoy a free medium two topping Domino's Pizza with minimum purchase only on Uber Eats. It's a free medium. Two topping Domino's Pizza. If you're craving even more, they've got you covered. Game day deals on burgers, tacos, wings, and more. All season long order Uber Eats for game day terms taxes, fees apply. See the app for details. I love Uber Eats. Uber Eats is So good. I I order Uber Eats every single night. I Got Uber Eats last night. Not Every single night, but mostly most nights. I, I'd say Four nights a week. Yeah, I'm getting Uber and lunches. Guess what guys? It's been like a month and a half since I've had delivery to the wrong address because I'm using Uber Eats and it lets me know My favorite Uber Eats is the $150 candy. Uber Eats that I just smashed, reorder on Sundays for the whole, for the whole squad.


RG three is also brought to you by Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because for part of my take, there's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Well, Silverado's been a partner, a partner that you can depend on. We've all spent time driving using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take Jobs, adventures, and other shenanigans. It's been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. It helped us dig the biggest hole ever dug in the state of Ohio last year on Grit Week. And they sponsor the prestigious low man trophy, giving college fullbacks the recognition that they deserve. And this year, Silverado was out west with us for our latest grit week. They bring the grit, legendary grit, paired with modern truck tech inside and out. Massive screens in that thing, up to eight cameras, 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. And we love the bold, blacked outlook of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or the Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


And now here's RG three. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. He's a recurring guest. He's In Studio. It is Robert Griffin. III Heisman winner Rookie of the year. And also we got a beef that we gotta settle. Alright. So RG three and I have gone back and forth. Actually it's not even a beef because I was just wrong. Yeah. It's not a beef. Wow. So I mean, I I said it, but that's big. So you, you were saying that Caleb Williams. I I I think the beginning of it was you were like, kale Williams should try not to go to Chicago. In so many words.


In so many words. In so many words. In so many words. I admit it hand up. Obviously I'm very defensive of everyone on the internet shitting on the bears. 'cause it happens constantly. Right. But I was saying that he's walking into the best situation for a number one quarterback. And while I still think it might have been true for some of the players that are around him, the coaching does matter. And that was a disaster. And I was very wrong. And I got myself a little hyped up to the point where I looked stupid. So you were right. Coaching matters. And it was as bad as bad gets. 'cause I actually, I wanted Jim Harbaugh, there's reports that they actually were gonna maybe interview him, but Kevin Warren said no once they kept Matt Iber flu.


So I was like, I guess this is what we're gonna do. I'm gonna convince myself. But you were spot on. Coaching matters and I guess so hand up. You were right. I was wrong. Victory lap. Would you like a victory lap? It's it's not a victory lap. Like I know, I That's what You say when you're taking a victory lap. Yeah. That's the best victory lap. Yeah. Go for the victory lap. You deserve a victory lap. And I understand that. And I, and I get it when I say it's not a victory lap. And then everyone comes and say, Hey rj, you just took a victory lap. I understand that You deserve one. I think where I'm, where I'm coming from with it is I wasn't, honest to God, I was not trying to shit on the bears. I know, right. So when I came out and I said, Caleb Williams should pull an Eli Manning and tell the bears he's not coming unless this happens. Yeah. Now the take that was out there was fully on, Hey, coaching matters, structure matters.


You're looking at the Bears you got, if, if Caleb comes in and they don't do anything with Eber flus, Eber flus, he'll be the third quarterback in a row. Yep. That had a hot seat co coach. And then now he's working on his second coach and his third coordinator in the second year. So from that sense, yes, I was right. But I wasn't rooting for the Bears to fail. I just wanted them to make a decision on ber flues. And when I did too, When, when you said, 'cause I know you Yeah, yeah, yeah. You were a big, a big advocate for them to move on from him. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right after the season, I was like, get rid of him. And then this season, obviously, I was like, this is terrible. Get, get rid of him. And I probably say 90% of the fan base also wanted to get rid of him. Yes. And so I'm sitting there and I'm like, if in this new age of quarterback, right?


In this new age of NIL transfer portal player empowerment, LeBron James started in the NBA, it's trickling in, in all the other leagues. If you're a quarterback like Caleb, like Shadur coming out, and you have the power to tell a team, I need you to make a decision on your coach. So I was just saying, extend him if you're gonna keep him, extend him so that the team, I think they knows that he's their guy. I think they did secretly extend him really on the raps. Yeah. So here's my question to that. And again, you, you were absolutely right because it was a debacle what Matt efu and Shane Waldron did. And I was, I was hyper defensive because I spent, whatever it was, six months of like every national media being like, Caleb Williams wants ownership of the Bears, Caleb Williams.


Oh, I try to trade out. You know what I mean? I saw that. I saw that. Yeah. So, but here's my question. If you are Caleb Williams and you do that. Yep. What is the narrative then? Is it like, hey, is this guy a diva? Correct. He's trying to get a coach fired before he's even showing up. Correct. How does that work? So for me, it wasn't about him getting him fired. The Bears had already made a decision. Right. That they were keeping Ebra flus. So now it's like, I'm, I'm having, Courtney Cronin was a former colleague at ES espn and she's, you know, telling me, well, you know, the Bears don't ever publicly announce when they give a guy an extension. Right. They, that's just a, you know, an organizational practice. But if you're gonna do that, look what it did to Ebra flu in that locker room.


Yeah. When you've got, was it Jalen Johnson? Yeah. You know, going off on him, you know, allegedly in the locker room after No, that Definitely happened. I Wouldn't even count that as like going off. I would just count that as speaking his mind appropriately. But Who but who's been speaking their mind the most of all the guys all year it's been DJ Moore. Yeah. He's been so honest, like to a fault almost in his post game pressors, if you publicly extend Uber flues, every player in that locker room now knows he's not going anywhere. Yeah. He's our guy. Yeah. They left it in the balance. So for me, with Caleb Williams, all I was suggesting he do is say, I need to know what you're doing with the coach. Yeah. So I don't come into a situation where the structure is bad.


And now he's gonna be sitting there second head coach. Yep. Third offensive coordinator. And the structure is bad And the structure is bad and The organization is bad. And, And, And we don't have to belabor the point, but the thing that bothered me the most, like I root for guys, I root for teams. I know, like me saying that kind of turned a lot of the Chicago Bear fans against me because they want their team to be successful. Yeah. You want your team to be successful. I understand that. I didn't hold it Against you When you wrote that. I didn't, I don't think I wrote, I didn't, I wrote back, but I didn't like tear you down. Write me back. It was like, I understand why you're frustrated. The thing that bothered me was the way that Ryan polls handled it. Okay. When he, when he go, go ahead. No, I wanna hear what you have to say because I I feel like from the outside, you, you go ahead.


Give your gimme your take. Yes. The way that they handled it going on Pat McAfee's show, and when asked about it saying it kind of pissed him off almost as if they weren't walking down the same street. Yeah. They're walking down the yellow brick road to go see the Wizard of Oz that the last three organizational leaders had done. And for him to say it pissed him off because they're there to break the cycle. I'm like, well, I'm giving you my educated, not just throw something at the wall and see if it sticks. I've been through this. PFT knows this. I went through the structure portion of why it matters in coaching and why it matters organizationally.


So I'm giving my advice based off of GMs. I've talked to my own shared experience in the NFL and it's not that they need to listen to me, but don't spit in my face. Yeah. And act like what I'm saying is so disrespectful to you. And you know, I I request from Pat McAfee the same time that you guys are giving me on here to be able to go up there and talk about not just why I was right, but how the Bears can fix the issue moving forward. Yeah. Yeah. And and to me, that that was just like, it, it pissed you off. You wanna break the cycle. I want you to break the cycle, man. Right. I'm not rooting against Caleb Williams. I'm not rooting against your team. Yeah. I want the Bears to be successful. Otherwise, I'd have been doing victory laps all year, but I waited because I knew there was a chance that we could have this conversation.


Yeah. And it wouldn't be just constant dunking on you guys timing. No, it was Perfect timing. Not timing. I'm not a villain. I'm not a No, you're not a villain. You were and you were. Right. And it, it's, it's more, it's frustrating from a fan's perspective because I want them to be good and every time there's a change, I'm like, this is gonna be different. And unfortunately it's still the same. Correct. And you were, you were right. Calling that out. I still think Caleb has played well this year. Yes. And he is, he's the one shining glimmer of hope that it's like maybe things will change because of him. Yeah. Because I think they'll probably screw up his coaching search too. I think, I think Caleb is a phenomenal player. Early in the year, I, I noticed a lot of Bears fans were like really worried because Jayden was bawling Yeah. Came out. But he came out playing so well because of the structure.


Right. New owner, new gm, new head coach Guy who can call plays No expectations. Yeah. So they've exceeded them. The Bears are what, four and Yeah, four and nine and plus six in a row. Are they four, nine, something like that. Four and eight. Yeah. Yeah. And then they might be four and eight. So you look at that and it's like, well, last year you guys were seven and 10. Yeah. You trade away Justin Fields for a bag of chips on layaway next year. Right. A fifth rounder next year. Then you keep Ebra Flut and you're in a worse situation now. So I, I do think that, I think they're In a better situation because Kale believes it's better than Justin Fields. I don't disagree with that. Yeah. Yeah. But if you move on from the quarterback Yeah. You should move on from the coach. Agreed. That's A hundred.


And we, we agreed on that. That was my point. And once that was once they decided to keep Him Yep. And at the time, yeah. Decided to keep Uber flues, what ended up happening was you had to settle for, I, I don't wanna use the word second rate, but you had the, the real hot offensive coordinators did not want to go to Chicago to a guy that was on the hot seat and have to move immediately. Because I know that Bears fans feel a certain type of way about Shane Waldron, but I don't think Shane Waldron is a horrible coach like he is. He is a, he's a decent coach, but he's the only coach they could get because as you said, PFT, no one wants to come in and be the hot seat to the hot seat. Right. Right, right. Because as soon as things go wrong, no's the one out, you're fired. You're the first One out. This is why I wanted Harbaugh and the, and the, the reports are true.


The problem now the Bears have, is that Ryan polls has basically been knee capped with all his decision making because Kevin Warren is running the show. And it's like, now it's really stupid. And that's Exactly what B and PFT were just talking about. After, you know, the werewolf game, it's, well now who was going around doing all the, talking this off season. Right. It was pissed off. Ryan Polls. Right. All right. Now it's, it's Kevin Warren. It's Kevin Warren. I know. It's stupid. So now you're saying to yourself, okay, now is Ryan Polls in the doghouse. Yeah, He is. He should. I, I, I honestly hope Ryan polls, he would never do this because there's only 32 of these jobs. But like, if he has a strong candidate for the head coach and then Kevin Warren vetoes it, Ryan Polls should just quit. I don't think he would, but I would love to see it just being like, you guys aren't letting me do my job.


I'm not gonna be here because you're, 'cause what Ryan Polls knows Ebra flu is gone. Yeah. They're gonna hire a new coach. He'll get at least two or three years. Who's the next on the chopping block? Ryan polls. It's exactly. And and it's a, it's a never ending cycle. Correct. You're just constantly cannibalizing yourself and Yep. When I look at Ryan Polls, I had, I had a team, my former teammate call me from my time in Washington when I made the statement about Caleb Williams pulling an ELI to use it as leverage to get the bears to make a decision. And I thought a public decision, as we mentioned before, was important. I think that stuff matters. I think what, what happened with me in Washington, I think if there were more public statements Yes. From the organization, it, it wouldn't have stopped at all, but it could have Damn sure. Slowed some of that stuff down.


Yeah. Because when, when you don't get those public statements, then you start to create your own, like, fan fiction about what could be going on. Thank you. And there's all these conflicting narratives about like, who's talking to who? Who's not talking to Who They're talking to the fourth string tied in and he's putting a story out and they're like, well, we verified it. It's like, okay, you got the fourth string tied in and the fourth string linebacker. Yeah. To verify a story. Yeah. And it just becomes a constant problem. So now I look at it and I'm like, for, for Ryan Polls, he should still be the one Yeah. That is out front. Correct. Making the decisions and talking to the media. Otherwise, it just looks like you said like he got handicapped. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But the question I, for you, bca, is who do you think should be the next coach? Who, so now who do you want to be the coach?


So I think knowing the Bear's History, the only way that I'm going to totally buy in on the fact that they've changed anything is if it's Ben Johnson. If it's Mike Vrabel, or somehow some way Kyle Shanahan. Okay. If it's not those three guys, it's the same old Bears. Okay. Because Ben Johnson would, they probably have to drop a bag for, drop a big bag. And they don't wanna do that. They, they're not comfortable. They're cheap. Kyle Shanahan similar would have to drop a bag, maybe draft picks. And Mike Vrabel would be a personality that they have not wanted in that building for a very long time, where they don't want an Alpha who is like, this is my, this is my system. Correct. This is is my program. Correct. Kevin Warren, go sit in the fucking locker. You know, go sit in the toilet and, and let me run the show.


If they don't pick those three guys, it's gonna be the same thing. They're gonna pick a offensive coordinator who's, you know, Liam Cohen, who I think is great for the Bucks who won 10 games of Kentucky. They'll pick him, but they won't give him any power. And Ryan Polls won't have power. Okay. And the whole team will just be the same. I can see. Okay. Let's talk about the three you mentioned. Yeah. So first, Ben Johnson. Yeah. He didn't leave Detroit last year. Talked to Alman Ross St. Brown, because they felt like they had an unfinished business. Yep. I think they're on the, the path to try to go finish some of that business they had. Why would he come to Chicago? Caleb Williams. I understand that. That's it. That's the whole new ticket. That's the golden ticket. I know, I know. It's basically, that's why Caleb Williams un unfortunately for Caleb Williams, he has so much on his shoulders now because he is, he is the golden ticket.


'cause everything else is a mess. And I admit that and I see it Caleb Williams, like, it's gonna be a coach. If it's Ben Johnson, he's gonna be like, Caleb Williams is such a talent that I, I, I think I can make this work. And I think it's an attractive job as well, because of the skill guys that they have around you Come in, you, you build up the offensive line, you, you improve the defense. But you have Caleb Williams. Yeah. You have Roma Dunay, you have DJ Moore. The roster Isn't so bad, it's Not a bad roster. Right. Just on a personal level, if you're Ben Johnson though, if you, if you're the kind of guy that would turn down a head coaching job, there are very few coaching. Well, how many were there last year? Seven, eight. Yeah. Yeah. It's rare that it comes up and it's rare that you're a hot name, right? Correct. So last year, if you're talking about striking while the iron was hot, he should have done it.


The iron was pretty fucking hot last year and he said he had unfinished business with a team. He cares so deeply about. Correct. And a staff, he cares so deeply about he's willing to turn down a raise of, I'm gonna guess $10 million a year or more Minimum. Right. To go back to Detroit. To me, that does not seem like the kind of guy that would want to go coach a team in the division against that same team of brothers that he had twice a year. Right. Exactly. I I And you, you're right. It's like you, you mentioned about Ryan Polls. There's only 32 GM jobs. Like to just walk away from one is very rare. It's not. So you shouldn't do it. It'd Be could, it would be a, I would think higher. Oh yeah. No, I He would be the man for doing that. He would, he would put his foot down. Yeah.


Oh. And that would be a Full, it would be an awesome move. That would be A full circle moment. Yeah. Hey, Caleb should pull a Eli and then Brian Bulls. Yeah. Brian pulls E Eli. Yeah. He gets outta there. But I think to your point, I agree that it's, it's difficult to see him come to Chicago. Yeah, I agree. But I, listen, it's, it's, it's whether or not, if he sees something in Kle Williams that he doesn't see in any of the other job openings, that's our only chance. Agreed. Will be great. Now you, you, who's the next one other than Kyle? Kyle. Kyle. Kyle Shanahan. That's a pipe dream. But They have to trade form because trade Form, or if he resigns something, I don't know how works, I'll say this, Kyle, you know, we, I don't wanna say we work together. I don't wanna misrepresent it. Okay. But he does a thing called the Quarterback Collective, or he used to, and they've been working with, with Caleb since he was in junior high school.


Yeah. So Kyle knows Caleb. He knows him really well. He's coached him before in the off seasons. I don't think that he would shy away from that. But it's, again, it's the structure. Yeah. To me, you almost have to go get someone that no one is expecting. Right. Which is a bad thing. 'cause that's what they always do. What you're saying, like a no in a, In, in a good way. In a good way. Who is the third person you mentioned? Mike Vrabel. Mike. Yeah. My, I agree. They'll ne but they'll never hire someone who is bigger than the organization who has an alpha personality. He, he scares. Oh, I like Mike, man. He's, I love Mike Vrabel. Mike Mike. I want Mike Vrabel. He, George McCaskey is a meek man who does not like football. So he's like, he, you can't have, and Kevin Warren is the same.


So I think Mike Vrabel wouldn't fit, they wouldn't want Mike Vrabel in the building. Which is crazy. Yeah. Because He's a great coach. Wasn't one of the things that got Mike outta Tennessee. The fact that he was like such a big Oh, that was a big Intimidating. He's a big strong, intimidating man. Yeah. During the Interview process, the owners got intimidated by real football Guy. I would, I would love to play for a guy like Mike Vrabel. I think Ryan Tannehill enjoyed playing for him. Yeah. I think obviously Will Compton here at Barstool enjoyed playing for him. Taylor Lewan, I agree with you though. When you bring Mike Vrabel in, Mike Vrabel is not gonna say, Hey, Kevin Warren, I'm gonna answer to you. Yeah. Right. Hey, hey, Ryan Polls, I'm gonna answer to you. He's coming in there and he wants to, he's going to be the Alpha dog. Even if you don't give him full control, you're still gonna feel like he has full control.


What about Belichick, Man? Belichick, honestly, In terms of for the podcast, No, I, I, well, I don't want, it'd be great. I don't want Belichick in the fact that I think Belichick is 72 years old. I want a coach that, and this is all wishful thinking, is potentially gonna be coaching for the Bears for the next five, 10 years. 'cause you're gonna want to have him have a relationship with Kle Williams and Kle Williams, hopefully be here for a very long time. Right. Is Belichick in a coach into his eighties? Belichick seems more like a guy who's ready to go for a team that's like ready to win in the next like two years. Here's a, here's my two suggestions. And these are off the wall, you know, outta the box thinking. I think you have to bring in someone that knows Caleb Williams.


And I know that people have talked about Don't Fucking No, no, no. Don't. You don't Riley. Don't say Lincoln Riley Take Cliff from me. Don't say Lincoln. Riley Cliff. No, don't take Cliff from me. No. Wait, I'll start with Cliff. I've heard rumors that there's some interest there for Cliff to become the head coach's. Not, There's not. I'm gonna pour some cold water on that. Don't, there's no interest per me. I Don't think that Cliff would go to that job personally for Lincoln Riley. It hasn't worked out the way they want it to. At USC, I don't believe that Lincoln would succeed in Chicago as the head coach. But if he wanted to come to the NFL and be with the quarterback that he won a Heisman Trophy with you make him the offensive coordinator, That would be fine with me.


You don't know if he would do that. Whoever you're, I don't know if he would either. He's making a boatload of money at U usc. Whoever is working with Caleb doesn't need to be someone that comes in and tries to, Hey, let's change what he is. Let's change what he does. They need to know him. That was a big reason why I thought Caleb should want to go to Washington because he had Cliff there who knew how he is. And I think we would all believe that Caleb would've started faster this year if he had Cliff Kingsbury Yes. As his offensive coordinator for sure. Right. So that to me would be an A out of the box. Bring Cliff as the head. But I think Lincoln Riley, there's something there of maybe bringing in him or a coordinator that Caleb worked with so they can help him continue to grow.


But at a head coach spot until they really iron out the structure. Right. I don't see why any top coach would pick the bears outside of, you get Caleb and you got all these weapons on offense. Does This give you like PTSD? Like even talking about the Bears, seeing it and being like, yeah, I know all the, how all this works because I was basically in this same situation. It Doesn't gimme PTSD. It is just I care too much. Yeah. Like, I talk to, to PFT every, every now and then, you know, and I talk about the commanders and I talk about, it's not about what I went through. I talk about Lamar and I, and I talk about like, my process of being a mentor for him. I just care too much. Guys. I had a coach tell me that once, it was Jay Gruin.


He, he just told him, Hey man, you need a hobby or something like, go play some golf. You, you care too much about winning. You care too much about winning in the weight room, winning in the film room, winning on the field. You need to loosen up. When I see these quarterbacks get thrown in these situations, a lot of guys, there's one I can't remember, he's always on Pat McAfee show, former gm. And he was like trying to take some stabs at me and say that I, I always look at it from a player's perspective. Well, if you're a player and you come in and you've got a shitty organization and they're not helping you succeed. Like a Baker Mayfield going to Cleveland, and now you look at him in Tampa and he's, he's a $40 million quarterback. Yeah. You look at Sam Darle with the Jets.


Well Also, You're, and he goes to the Vikings and he's winning. They're 10 and two. Yeah. Your intensity when it came to, like, you were very public, right? When you got to the NFL about you wanted to take on a leadership role. You were encouraging guys to do like go above and beyond Correct. Asking everybody, like no. Yeah. Know your why. You have to know your why. Know your why and all that stuff, I feel like was great when we were winning. Correct. And then once things go poorly, then it's like, this guy just won't shut the fuck up sometimes. And they wanna poke holes in everything you do. So when it's, know your why, and I ask 50 of my teammates on Twitter, 'cause it was Twitter at the time, what is, what's your why? And they're all responding back. It's like, oh, this is the greatest thing since sliced bread. We went 10 and six, we won the division, we're winning all these awards, all these accolades.


But then the next year you go four and 12. And now when you say know your why at the, the tendency is to say that's why they're not successful. Right? Yeah. I said, well, well, we were successful. Yeah. In the previous Year was You guys liked it before it Was the same thing. Yeah. It's like when, when, when Cam Newton wins a game and he puts on the crazy outfit. Yeah. That guy looks awesome. There. You, you go and he loses the game. He's like, why is he wearing a peacock on his neck? Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. And, and like we understand as players, like now at 34, I understand the ebbs and flows of that. You don't, you don't take it personally as a player anymore because you understand that when you're winning, everything is fine. Yeah. So what does it look like from a player's perspective going into an organization that is in disarray, chaos, mismanaged?


Like what are the actual day-to-day things that, that make your life harder as a player? Yeah. I mean, for, I'm sure Caleb comes to Chicago, he realizes that the fan base is phenomenal. Right? Like, I'm not mad at the Bears fan base. I don't, I don't, didn't Well no, you were right. So It wasn't you. It's fine to be right. Yeah. But I don't do it to be Right. I'm trying to educate. Yeah. Educate you with my own opinion. So Caleb comes here, he is probably like, oh, I'm gonna be the guy I'm gonna throw for 4,000 yards. I'm gonna be the franchise qb. So when you get here at, at first, you don't have a focus of, Hey, what's going on with Kevin Warren and, and Ryan Polls and Right. What's going on with the McCaskey? You just come in and you do your job. You're trying to win over your locker room. And I, I was like a little bothered by the fact that even before Caleb got to the locker room, there were people in the locker room saying, Hey, he can't come up in here being Hollywood.


Yeah. No. They love Justin Fields. They love Justin Fields, What is going on? And DJ Moore like Justin f and he's a loyal guy. And so they were still upset after they, they dealt him away. So he was like, I really miss Justin. You know, I'm not gonna move on like that. And like, I respect that from the players. It's just the organization clearly didn't care. Right. And, and they said, we're going in this direction. We don't care what you think. So when you step into that environment, you're just trying to win 'em over. I think Caleb has won 'em over over the past three weeks. Yeah, I'd agree. I think before that they were sitting there like, bro, we should probably still have Justin. And, and I don't know if that's necessarily right or not, but as a player, you walk in, you don't understand the layers of it. Till years go by, it took me to go to Cleveland. I went from dysfunction in Washington to dysfunction in Cleveland.


Then I was out for a year. Then I was blessed with the opportunity to go play in Baltimore and that organization, the way they run it, Mr. Bahati at the top, you got Eric Dessa, we had Ozzy was the GM my first year there. And then Eric DeCosta took over. You got John Harbaugh. The way they structured that organization is how it's supposed to be done. Yeah. And that's where I think players don't understand, damn, why, why did I come into this league, this whatever, Allstar, Biletnikoff, whatever. You win and you get to a team and it's like, why am I not being used the same way? Right. Why, why they, why aren't they helping you get in the right position? Why am I not making the same types of plays? It's all about the structure. Yeah. And I think for a quarterback, you have a structure that helps you build leadership.


I don't know if Matt Eber flu's created a structure for Caleb to be a leader in that, in that first part of the season. And now he's gone. And Caleb's gotta do that whole process all over again with a new head coach. Yeah. You, you talked, talked about gonna Cleveland, wasn't there a story that your car got broken into? Or like some shit got stolen outta your, outta your car? Yes. Man, you bringing back, I, my car actually got broken into in Cleveland and Baltimore, but it was Cleveland. We were at the game and you know, they, they valet the vehicles in Cleveland. So you come in, boom, valet guy takes it out. And they had stole like 5,000 bucks from my car. I stole a Rolex out of the, outta the glove box. And then, you know, I, we kind of like, it became public and they actually got mad.


Like the Browns got mad at me for that. And I'm like, well, I'm not the one who broke into my car. Yeah. You know, like, we gotta obviously take care of the players a little bit better. But it was just another sign of a dysfunctional organization. I even look at Jameis now. Like I, I think Jameis is a genuine guy. I think that the way he plays the game, he reminds me of Sexy Rexy. Right? Yeah. Also, also RG three Also RG three. Exactly. He's, he's gonna keep both teams in the game. Yeah. Right. Six touchdowns in the last game, it just so happened that two went the other way. And he has become the story there in Cleveland, but it's the sign of a dysfunctional organization.


Yeah. They're not winning. They're three and nine. And the team is excited about a quarterback who is I almost 50 50 on touchdowns to interceptions. That's Why we love him. Right. And that it's all because of the dysfunction that they created when they signed Deshaun Watson. Yeah. Yeah. A breath of fresh air. Exactly. Yeah. So when you see Jamison, you see the speeches and, and the, the comments in the post game, like, I always wonder like, are people laughing more with him or they laughing at him? I just think they're laughing because it's different than what they've been dealing with the the turmoil Right. Of the whole Deshaun Watson debacle. Yeah. And Jamis is getting the feed off of that.


Yeah. So I, I mean, I think it's, I I, I laugh with everyone else. I think it's funny. Yeah. But that's dysfunction. It's a sign of dysfunction as a player. You don't even know it until you get out of it. Because we're so used to being the man in high school, being the man in college. And then you get to the pros and you realize, well, there's like 16 pro teams that just don't know how to get it done Here. Yeah. I've always said that There's just, there's dozens, 16, whatever you wanna call it that just, they're not in the business of trying to win a Super Bowl. It doesn't feel like It. They're just trying to, they're basically trying to make money and maybe catch lightning in a bottle where it's like, oh, a draft class was awesome, now we're gonna the playoffs, how do we sustain it? We don't care. Correct. That's, it's the worst. And, and I'm not, I'm not advocating for the Bears to fire Kevin Warren to I am To a hundred Percent to fired Ryan Polls To sell the team George Ruski.


It's, it's, I'm not doing that. It's just more of have it be clear. Let the, let the football guys make the football Decisions. Correct. Yes. Bring the coach in. Yes. Let him control what he needs to control and stop trying to be the forward facing I was. Right. Yeah. Like imagine if the Bears were, I don't know, 12 and four right now. Oh, Big Cat would definitely be saying, oh, well, no, I'm still waiting for that because everyone still says that kill Bones is a bust. And I'm scared He's not. I Don't think he's a bust. There's a lot of people that think that, but they do. And I'm waiting, I'm waiting. This conversation would be different if the Bears were 12 and four. Oh, of course. Big Cat would be like, Hey, remember when you said this, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. I'd take a victory lap to take a victory lap, but I wouldn't take, take a, take the victory lap.


Yeah. And, and I understand that. So when you make a statement, you have to be ready to back it up. So I don't ever make a statement and, and say to myself, man, I hope this, I hope this doesn't work out. I wanted you to be able to have a victory lap against me because I want Caleb Williams to be successful, and I want the, to have a, a great team. But until they make the changes that they need to make, it's gonna be this never ending cycle. And I don't wanna see you guys ruin Caleb Williams. Yeah. Yeah. I got a question that's different than just the Bears. Yeah. Did Paul Feba get you fired? Wow. That is a heavy one. I Don't, I don't think he actually did. I Don't think he did. I have no proof of that. Yeah. What I do know is that when I'm on TV with somebody, I just feel like there's a way to tell stories the right way, and there's a way to cover the athletes a right way.


And I didn't feel like at times in, I think there was like two instances when I was on first take with Paul that he was, he was taking care of their stories the right way. And like, I, I wouldn't come to you and be like, we can disagree. Right. I'm not gonna say big cat's a fraud. Right. That's a, that's a strong term. Right. I'm not gonna say that PFT is irrelevant. Right. Like that's, that's a, That's a Yeah, it's personal. Right. That's personal. Right. You know, Debating and having friendly debate back and forth. Like that's what sports, that's what makes sports great. That's what we like to do. You were right. I was wrong. Like, it's okay. Yeah. And I didn't, it's care. Right. It's okay. So how was it though?


I mean, like when you got fired from ESPN, that sucked. It feels like you're thriving right now, but when it first happened, were you like, shit, what the hell was that? Well, I first have to say I was not fired. Okay. Not fired. I was laid off. Laid Off. Sorry. Okay. There's, there's a difference. That there's a difference. And I should say That. And I, and I am, I am getting paid from espn Love, love That while I'm off. So That's awesome. The first reaction was why? All right. So that you go through the process of why did this happen? Okay, let me look at performance. Alright. They are saying it's not performance based. They put me on Monday Night Countdown, bless me with that opportunity. I was very thankful to be on the show with Susie Culbert, Steve Young, you know, one of the greats, Suzy's one of the greats as a host.


We had booger on the show. Adam Shefter. And that was an iconic crew. Why did they, maybe they were pissed off that you beat the bird. Oh yeah. They were. Maybe they showed up the bird. I can Give you the story about the bird. Yeah. But for me, it was more of a, they put me on here for a reason. They, I was a younger guy. Everyone else on the set was a little older. They wanted to hit the younger demographic, just like everyone is trying to do right now. When, when it comes to content creation. And we accomplished that. The show is a success. Then we changed the show. Now it's me, Ryan Clark, Scott Van Pelt, Marcus Spears, and you go on that show and the ratings stay the same. Right. So then they bring Jason Kelsey in and it's like, well, we should be on this thing together. Having a good time. Two great personalities.


I love Jason. I think he's a phenomenal dude. I know he's had some, you know, run-ins with some stuff here. We took his Side here, Here recently. But yeah, we took his side in that. When you, when I looked at it from that point, it's like, okay, it's not performance based. They're telling me it's not performance based. And what is it about? And I don't know, that sucks. But what I can do is I can sit here and I can twiddle my thumbs for three, four months, five months, and try to figure out, well, why did this happen? Or I can just go move on and have fun. Enjoy the process. We have the podcast out of pocket with RG three and my wife is a co-host on that. And we've had some great conversations with people And Yeah. You guys are crushing it. It feels like every other day you're sitting with someone, some big, you know, name or whatever stories And it's like at the top. Right. And it's fun. You know what I mean? You sit down with, with Dionne Shallow and Sha Dana White, sit down with Reggie Bush and talk about him getting his Heisman back.


You know, we had a chance to sit down with and have a conversation with the guy Mike Norvell at Florida State. Yeah. When they're not doing very good right now. I know you guys, you would rather do the interviews with the people who are having a good time Yeah. As opposed to people who were going through some things. Yeah. And that was a, it was a tough one to navigate, but it's been a fun process for, for me. And I got some stuff in the works that's gonna be coming up here in the next couple weeks. And I'm blessed to be a part of those opportunities. But you just don't wanna sit on your hands and, and feel sorry for yourself. Yeah. I mean, good for You. You know, I, I bet you it probably feels good to know that you, like, you kind of control your own destiny Now. Correct. And, and it's, you know, like legacy media as far as like the, the ESPNs, the Foxes, the NBCs, the CBSs, and then the new New Age Media, Amazon, and Netflix.


Like, I'm, I'm open and excited about all those opportunities, but I wasn't just gonna sit at the house and be, be mad about something. Yeah. It's like they decided to go in a certain direction and, and you just find a way to be the best version of yourself that you can be. That kinda stinks that they didn't tell you why though. Yeah. That would've been nice. Or maybe it wouldn't have, I don't know. It Would bother me. I think. I think it would be nice. I think everyone wants, you want to know, right. When they tell you what it wasn't, you're like, oh, yo, cool, Sweet. No, you were great. You're sweet. Everything was awesome. Then it's Like, okay. And then it's like, but what was it? You, You, you're big boy, just be honest. You, you, What was it? Right. And you didn't, I didn't get that answer. And at this point, you know, we're shoot, what, four months past that?


Yeah. I'm not asking for the answer anymore. I don't need it. I don't need it anymore. It's like, like you said, we're thriving, we're having a good time. Being able to connect with the fans in a different way. That's great. And then when we get back to legacy media, like I'm not gonna lie to you, the thing I miss most is calling games. Yeah. I, I miss calling games. Yeah. Three hours to talk to the fans, have a good time. Crack jokes, educate them. I, I miss that. And I look forward to getting back to that, whether it's college football, NFL or both. Yeah. It, Some really good things can happen when ESPN lets you go. Yeah. We Know from experience. We know from, from experience. What, what, what experience are you guys talking about? We had A hitch show at ES pn. Oh, What was it? Was it, was it called Bar Stool Vanta? It was, yes, It was. Yes. So, but you, I think you came to the same realization that we did in that it sucks, but if people like you and what you're putting out there, you can give it to 'em by yourself and it's awesome.


Yeah. And people will love it. And then guess what? You don't have someone looking over your shoulder being like, oh, don't do that. Don't do that. I'll, I'll answer that and I'll get to that, that eagle, the, the, the hawk the Seahawk story for me, when you do this, there's no like podcasting. It's, it's views, likes, comments, Hey, what are they like? You kind of move in that direction of what you're comfortable doing. Right. I'm not gonna go be an OnlyFans model. That's just not what I wanna do with my life. You kind Of dabble in it. The croissant picture, I thinks The croissant, the internet's gonna internet. 'cause the croissant picture, they took that bad boy and ran with It. It's a very good meme. It's a solid meme. It Is a solid meme. I was told today that I'm in the Internet Hall of Fame because of that meme.


So Oh. So, but the reception that, that I got after the news broke and I cracked the joke about Friday, and then I posted the, the basically farewell from ESPN and you know, I miss my colleagues and the people behind the camera and the teams that I got to work with, the reception from the fans let me know, Hey, you, you did it the right way. Yeah. Right. It wasn't like, you'll be Okay. Yeah. Thank God that guy's gone. And you're like, that makes you feel like you should keep going and keep doing it. Right. And if this were the 1980s or the 1990s, if you get let go from ESPN, then you're like, oh shit. What, what do I do? What do I do now? There's not really a lot of options for you at the point. Correct. But now it's like, yes, you have literally every option Yeah.


Is available. And whatever you wanna do, you're gonna be good. So Yeah. Tell me about the birds. So, yeah, so funny, the, yeah, it was a funny story because when I first got put on Monday Night Countdown, they told me that, Hey, you're gonna be replacing Randy Moss. And I'm like, ah, I don't know if I wanna do that. Guys like Randy Moss, he's a legend. Straight cash homie. He, Randy Moss was actually the person that got me on Monday Night Countdown in the first place. Oh wow. I was going, I was at ES PN my first year, 2021. And I was going there to read the Heisman finalists. That's it. Hey, a Heisman finalist has to do it. We need you on the show. I read it. It's in Buffalo. It's the coldest game I've ever been to in my life. And I didn't have a jacket because in Buffalo, if it says it's, you know, 45 degrees, it's really not 45 degrees.


Yeah, okay. It's, it more feels like it's 15 degrees. And Randy stopped me in the truck and said, do you want to do, come on man. No, it wasn't. Come on man. It do you want to do you got Mussed? So then the producer's like, yeah, I mean, Randy, if you want 'em in there, we'll put 'em in there. And I'm like, yeah, sure, I'll do You got Mo. That was my first hit on Monday Night Countdown. Next thing I know, I'm on Monday night Countdown the next year. And it was because Randy wanted to move to Sunday Countdown. Ah. So it wasn't that I was replacing him there, it was, he didn't want to travel anymore. And now I know we see some of the health things that, that he's talked about. He's going through, I, I kind of understand why he wanted to make that, that, that transition.


So when they bring me on, they're trying to find something. We need to liven up the show. I get on and it's the Seahawks game. And I'm like, they're like, Hey, what do you think we can do? I, I thought about it for a couple weeks and I came back to the producer and his name was Greg Shapiro. And I said, why don't I just race the hawk? What do you mean race the hawk? You can't beat a hawk in a race. I'm like, I think I could beat him in a race. So I didn't tell anyone on the, on the, on the production side why I thought I could win the race. But then when I ran, I beat the hawk. Yeah, you did. And Booger was like, ribbing me saying I didn't win. So then we did it again the following year and I blew 'em out even worse this time. 'cause I had football cleats on.


Did You do your research ahead of time? Were you I did my research ahead of time. Oh, you like, what Kind bird is it? It's an Osprey. No, no. It's the fact that the type of hawk that it was. 'cause Seahawks don't exist, by the way. Yep. It's Just the hawk. Yep. So they can fly up to 120 miles per hour when they're hunting, When they're going down, When they're going down into the water and they're hunting, they fly at 120 miles per hour. But they don't fly that fast when they're just gliding. So they made me have to take off when the hawk took off. 'cause I raced it first before they aired it and blew it out by like 25 yards. So I had to run again and they made me take off when he did so he could actually have a chance to, to beat me. And I beat him the first time and then obviously blew him out the second time.


But there's, there's no, I always tell people, don't be afraid to try new things. Just do your research. Yeah. I knew he wasn't gonna beat me in that race. Yeah, They didn't. And the person at home certainly didn't know. Yeah. It's just like RG three just beat a wild animal the first time I Go 120 miles an hour. Exactly. The first time it was like, this hawk doesn't know it's in a race. The second time the, the Hawk fucking knew Hawk was embarrassed First time. Yeah. And the, the handler was so mad because the first year when I beat it, he was like, we're gonna race again and he's gonna be ready. And the second year I said, I'm just gonna throw on some football cleats so I can have a little bit more grip. Shing. Oh, that's Awesome. Took rush on him. So


RG three's brought to you by our good friends over at Kraken. You know, I see a lot of similarities between sports and crypto. You have passionate supporters that believe in their favorite crypto assets, like their sports teams team, Bitcoin, team, Ethereum, maybe even team, whatever Dog Coin is going 10 x next week, who knows? But underneath it all, it's a shared belief that crypto is one of the best opportunities to achieve financial autonomy and financial freedom. And that's what Kraken is all about. Secure and simple access to over 200 cryptocurrencies. Krakens also got flawless track record in protecting assets with some of the strongest crypto security features around. And not only is Kraken a leader in security, they cater to all experienced levels of trader as well as the Kraken app. You've got Kraken Pro, a full suite of powerful tools built for the more seasoned traders out there. Whatever kind of trading strategy you use, Kraken Pro handles it with ease. And right now Barstool is teaming up with Kraken to give you the chance to win one whole Bitcoin. That's right. One entire Bitcoin. Today it's at a hundred thousand dollars. Pretty crazy. It's insane. All you gotta do is go to Kraken dot com slash barstool, guess what? The price of Bitcoin will be on January 3rd, 2025. As shown on Kraken. You have until December 13th of this year to protect your predict to submit your prediction. Head to Kraken dot com slash barstool now to submit your guests terms and conditions apply. Not investment advice. Crypto trading involves risk of loss and is offered to us customers, excluding Washington, New York, and Maine through pay word interactive incorporated.


RG three's also being brought to you by part of my cheese steak. Football's back in full gear and ordering part of my cheese steak for your game day meal or your late night eats is the best play call that you can make. Part of my cheese steak brings you awesome cheese steaks and loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep. We'll be offering free delivery throughout this entire football season. Free delivery and part of my cheese steak. Take your pick of the delicious cheese steaks. We've got 'em made with fresh, thin, sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions. On a toasted hogie roll, we have classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks, and many, many more. You can order the popular Big Cat combo, get your choice of cheese, steak, fries, and a drink. Find a part of my cheese steak near you or order yours now@pardonmycheesesteak.com and use promo code a WL for free delivery.


And now here's more RG three. I wanna talk to you about something that that's happened just recently. Okay. Trevor Lawrence. Yes. So it's kind of another dysfunctional franchise from Jaguars. Yeah. But he got hit when he was sliding. Yep. Took a shot to the head, pretty nasty, bounced his head off the ground. Correct. Pretty bad concussion. Yep. Then they, they suspended the guy that hit him. Yep. Three games I've been watching a lot of clips of quarterback sliding and I don't think that you're a sliding expert. You never like I'm not You did not like to slide. I didn't know how to slide. Yeah. Did they ever do the thing where they bring in like the slip and slide, they a nationals players teach it. There Was a rumor that they did that, but that never happened. So that, that's how dysfunctional Washington was. Correct.


Where to address questions about the quarterback sliding. They just planted a rumor in the press and Brought slip slide and then made it seem like I turned it down. Yeah. Yeah. That never happened. That's crazy. So, but in watching all these clips, it dawned on me when a quarterback slides, they're actually putting themselves in a pretty bad position Correct. To get a concussion. Correct. So you can avoid a lot of hits if you slide, obviously. Yep. And you can, you know, declare yourself down and you won't take those big shots in the open field. But when you slide, you're putting your head right at ground level to get, to get bounced off the ground if they contact you at all. With Trevor Lawrence, I'm not blaming Trevor Lawrence understand this by the way. Understand he, he gave himself up in advance and I think most defenders would've pulled up at that point. But it's like a bang, bang play and Correct.


You have to make a decision as defender at the last second whether or not you need to pull up. Yeah. But what are your thoughts on quarterback slides? Yeah, I mean it's a lot. I will say in Trevor Lawrence's a specific example. I, I've had two concussions from that same exact thing. In Washington. We were playing the Atlanta Falcons and Sean Witherspoon did the same thing to me. I was sliding, you know, near the sideline la last second slide even later than, 'cause I don't think Trevor slid late. I think his was just, yeah. You know, the guy for formed in the, in the face. But I did slide late. Witherspoon hit me bouncing my head off the ground. I was out for the rest of the game in college. I was at playing against Texas Tech in Jerry's world, running towards the sideline slid boom.


Got my head bounced off the ground in college. That probably that situation that Trevor just went through happened to me at least six times. And this is 2011. Right. Defenders are trying to get as many licks as they can on the quarterback. So when they see you slide, they're gonna try to give you something. I'm not saying that they're trying to put you out the game, but they're trying to give you something to, to prevent you from thinking it's sweet. They want you to know that it's sour. When I hear quarterbacks talk about sliding who were not mobile guys, they don't have as many opportunities to be put in those positions. Whereas Jayden Daniels, Caleb Williams, Trevor Lawrence, Kyler, Murray, Lamar, Jackson, these guys are being put in these situations 5, 10, 15 times a game.


So my belief is yes, sliding is a mechanism to protect the quarterback. You don't take sliding outta the game. But I can also understand from a defensive side why they get mad when Patrick Mahomes Yeah. Does a fake slide. Yeah. Or when Kenny Pickett had the infamous Yeah. Fake slide in college that I was on the call for. That was awesome. I thought it was awesome. It looked cool. But from a defensive pers perspective, they're saying, well I'm not supposed to hit the guy. Right. I don't think that there's a perfect solution to it, but I think everyone in their right mind would agree that what Aziz Al Shahe did was wrong. Trevor Lawrence did not slide late. He, he clearly went after his head once he went for that slide.


That shouldn't happen anymore. But we do have to, I think we might have to start penalizing quarterbacks for fake slides. Oh man. Imagine a chief scheme getting decided by Patrick Ol' fake that, that they don't call I'll, I'll tell you the technique that Lamar has, Lamar doesn't slide or maybe he's sliding twice in his entire career. He just, he attacks the, the, the, the knees of the offender. Yeah. I heard Rex Ryan talk about attacking their ankles. If you attack their ankles, they're gonna hit you in the face with their knee. Lamar when he runs and he knows he wants to get down to avoid the hit, he goes after their legs because what do they do? They move. Yep. Right. So now they don't have any power to hit you and they're not, they're thinking more about self-preservation than they're about how can I get this lick on the quarterback?


But like I said, there's no perfect solution to it. But damn man, we, we gotta be able to see a play and say, yeah, there's no two sides to that. It was wrong. And I think he got suspended three games because of what happened after the hit. Yeah. Partially, not just partially, you know what I mean? Yeah. The sportsmanship they're talking about. And him, he got in like two fights after that and was like cussing out the fans. That's why he got suspended. Three games. Yeah. Not just the hit. Yeah. Mac Jones used to go in with his, his cleats up and just kick you in the dick. Remember that? I Remember that. He kicked like three guys in their penis. He did. He Did. Yeah. That's the way to do it. Smart play. Yeah. He was out there. Meat hunting's crazy. Alright, so NFL we're getting into December. Winning time. Yep. How many teams can win the Super Bowl? One?


I But how many Good answer. Good answer to answer. How many teams right now do you think are Super Bowl? Like? Lemme lemme phrase it a better way. 'cause that was a bad question. How many teams would it not shock you if they won the Super Bowl? It would not. I mean, I, I still think that even though the Chiefs are Yeah, no, I agree. I still think that they're, yep. As long as they've got those, the core fours, I call 'em Mahomes, Andy Reed, Travis Kelsey and, and Chris Jones. They, they're, they're top of the list. I think the Chiefs, I could see the Chiefs win it. I could see the Packers, I could see the Lions, I could see the Eagles who Bills Ravens. I can see the Bills. The Ravens to me are a dangerous team because it doesn't, it looks like they're not gonna win their division.


But then if they get in the Wild card, I don't think anyone wants to play. No, I don't think they wanna play the Ravens. What About the Steelers? I think the Steelers have a chance to win it too. And I said that really? I said that in the off season when they got Russell and everyone's like, oh yeah, no possible way. So again, I was right. Yeah. But for, for the Steelers, it's, it's more about if Russell plays like he did against the Bengals. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. They can go score 44 points. Yeah. I there's a, this is the, it's a cliche answer, but any team could, I could see Washington winning the Super Bowl. I don't know This Year. You know, I could see, I could see them winning the Super Bowl because it's so up in the air right now. Especially with the Lions. I know we're gonna talk about this, you know, when we're watching the stream. But the Lions are so beat up on defense.


I know they're, And they're the best team in the league in my opinion right now. But every team at the top is vulnerable. The Eagles are slow starters. The the bills, how many times are they gonna allow Josh Allen to drop back 17 times and score 35 points? Like at some point he is gonna have to be Superman and that will really test his decision making. So all these teams are so vulnerable. I could see a team like Washington sneaking in he go PT watching on defense. I know we're getting Latimore, which is a nice little addition and he's gonna be playing against the Saints next week. Mar In that corner. Yeah. Been been pretty tough at cornerback. But the defense just, and the offense and the inconsistency that they've had in the last like four weeks. Right. To me it's all about actually the same thing with Pittsburgh.


You talked about Russell Wilson. Yeah. But I feel like the Steelers of that one team that you can tell if they're gonna win based on how fast Najee Harris looks on his first carry. Whew. Okay. If he, if he looks good and they're able to establish the run, then everything opens up for him. But there's some games where Najee goes out there and it's like, did is this Fat Najee that we have this week? Yeah. Like I'm not saying that he's fat, but I'm saying he, he, He's like, he doesn't have that purse. He Runs, he runs like he's fat sometimes. Yeah. Even though he is not, you get slow nae, you get fast najee. If you get fast Najee Harris, then I feel like the Steelers, they can beat anybody. Now why is that to, it's a rhetorical question, but why is that the case for the Steelers? It's because that's exactly how Russell Wilson won his Super Bowl in Seattle.


Right? Yeah. Beast mode. Yeah. But they, the Steelers are playing great defense right now. They had the Legion of boom on the other side. Yeah. Right. So you're putting Russell in a very familiar situation where now he can drop back and throw those moon balls and they're not all off play action. Some of 'em are drop back, some of are him scrambling. He looks, he looks so much younger. He looks five years younger than he did last year in Denver. Yeah, He does. So, So for, to put him in that situation with an Nae Harris and to have that running back group rolling the offensive line Rolling. That's why they're in the position. There are. And let's be honest, Mike Tomlin, he, he's, he's the best coach. He's definitely in the, the, the running for a coach of the year. He is the best Guys. Unbelievable. The best. Yeah. And I appreciate you saying that the commanders can do it. I'm not letting myself believe that yet.


'cause I'm just thinking our goal is the playoffs. Correct. Make the playoffs then that's Great than anything can happen. Anything can happen. Anything can happen. Look at the Ravens in, was it 2013? Was it 2012 when, when Joe Fla had Flaco? Yeah. Yeah. Anything Can happen. Yeah. Yeah. When he had his his magical run No interceptions. Yeah. Anything can happen. I think it was 13 touchdowns, no picks. Anything can happen once you get in the dance. And I think that the reason I feel that mostly is because the chiefs Yeah. They look vulnerable right now. And the other teams that are at the top also look vulnerable. Right. So it could be anybody's game. Right. I just, I won't allow myself to think that. Take the compliment. I I will try to accept the charges, take charges, compliment charges.


Again. They're playing top five defense. Justin Herbert hasn't had to be Superman all year. Really? I think that bodes well for them. 'cause he's not gonna go into the playoffs banged up. Everyone wants to say, oh, the Chargers can't win any playoffs games. Oh, Justin Herbert's all he's, he's statin, you know, he's stat padding and doing all this stuff. It's like, no, the man's playing being Superman for 17 weeks. Yeah. And then when he does get to the playoffs, he's tired, he's banged up. He's got a ankle injury, he's got a rib injury. You know, he's got a hairline fracture in his collarbone or something right now. He doesn't have that now. Now they're actually, they just, they just won 17 to 13. You know, they're not having to win, putting up 39 points like they were with, with Brandon Staley. Right.


Yeah. So we should talk about the croissant picture. Let's do it in full. Let's do it. Can you just walk me through it when you posted it, were you like Yeah, people are gonna love this and not think it's a giant dick in my mouth because this, this happened after we had you on in the Super Bowl, right? Yeah, yeah. This is true. Is that the, was that the Olympics? Yes. So yeah. So yeah, we haven't seen you since We're at the Olympics. Yep. And Paris, we, we find out in Paris that they have these giant croissants. So I'm like, Hey we, we gotta go get one of these things. Actually TikTok actually worked with us to get us the giant croissants and create content with them at their headquarters in France. So that was in an incredible experience with me and my wife. You know, shout out to TikTok for doing that for us.


But then when we got the res the croissant back at home, I'm like, we have to take a picture eating this croissant. So here's, you guys have had a situation where your wife kind of, or your lady friend threw you under the bus a little bit. I'm not blaming my wife for saying that she threw me under the bus. No, she Did. What I'm saying is that when we took the picture, we were both supposed to be eating it the way that I was Eating. Yeah. And she didn't do that. And then she posted it on Instagram ah, with a zoom in. Ah, On You, on me. So knew what she was doing. You went all in on that Cade. So she kinda set the motion, set everything in motion. And I think she's a wonderful woman.


I would never say anything bad about her. I'm gonna take her side in this argument. Are she three? I appreciate what about Stand up for? I appreciate you saying that. Pft and she knows it. 'cause she did it on purpose. Yeah. She took the picture. It was the, the blank picture and then it was three frames and the second one was zoomed in and the third one was zoomed in even more. So then when I posted it on Twitter, I got all the zoomed in pictures of Instagram that came over and in like 10 minutes it was like, yeah, this is gonna be a long day. Yeah. So, so she didn't go all in on, on eating the croissant. You did, but how do you explain you were cupping the croissants balls. I was not. Yeah, you were. No, I was, you were, You were caressing the croissants balls. Do you know when you, when you grab a croissant, like if the croissant was a, was a double hander on the side, you might've been in the CROs Gooch.


I, I'd have been able to grab it like that. The croissant was so big. Yeah. I had no choice. He's, he's cupping the balls Pt. I, I am not, I am not. You're giving a lot of support Like this. I had no choice but to have the hand underneath because I'm stronger For you. Oh, well you got, you got one hand. I did not like that. And then one hand underneath you. No, I think you have a, i I think you might even have a finger in the croissant asshole. Oh, I do not. I I stand 10 toes down that that did not happen. Oh. This is not what happened and went down. But croissant was super heavy. Yeah. And what I like about U RG three, 'cause I feel like you, you are, you have fun online. Yes. And you know that it's supposed to be fun because some people would post that picture and be like, oh shit, I don't want that out there.


It's like, let's have a fucking laugh. Yeah. Yeah. I sucked off a Croissant. I definitely didn't do that. And I, that was not the part, that was not the purpose of posting the croissant picture. But I think to your point, you have to be able to have fun in a way that people can relate to. When you see that picture of me eating the croissant, I saw Josh Hart the guard or forward for the Knicks. Yeah. He said not in the he said Jesus himself could not get me to post this picture, but guess what? He's engaging with the picture because he understands that it's funny. Yes, yes. He understands that it, yes, you have to have a sense of humor in life. And I think for me, the internet took it and went with it. I, the, the way I captioned, it wasn't like, no, hey, watch me eat this giant croissant that looks like whatever it was enjoying the croissant with my wife.


Yep. The internet will always internet. There's been times that I've said things in games that I never anticipated would go viral, and they go viral. And then there's times when you're in a game and you know, you have a one-liner and you, you hit it and you're like, Hmm, I, I knocked that out the park and it's nowhere. And you're like, you don't know what people are going to gravitate towards. You don't know what they're going to grab a hold of. But at the end of the day, you have to be willing to laugh at yourself. So there was a time, I'm not gonna lie, within that first hour, and it was going like ape you know, ballistic. Yeah. There was a, there was some people that thought like, Hey, maybe we should, maybe we should take the, take it down. And it's like, nah man, the internet's gonna do what the internet's gonna do. I'm not at fault for them taking it and making it, whatever.


It's a croissant I'm eating. I can't eat pastries now. Yeah. And you just have fun. You laugh it off and you move on And you realize that there's a separation between the internet and real life too. Correct. It's like the internet. They're gonna make jokes And we can laugh about the internet making jokes. The people that spend more time like inside the internet where that becomes Correct. The biggest part of their life. They're the people that are like, I can't have this on there. It makes my whole life worse because I spend my whole life online And I don't see it. Like I, I think on Instagram, I have a couple videos where I was explaining, 'cause like it happened. I'm like, well, I gotta like address this. Yeah. So then I Explain, explain. Yeah. When you couple croissants balls, you have to talk About it. Definitely didn't do that. Yeah. There was no frosting on my face. You're committed, you are committed to, I'm looking at a picture right now.


It's just Like, it's me eating a croissant. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So there's a video on Instagram of me explaining it and like, if you go to the comments, it's like 15,000 pictures of the croissants doing It. And like, what are you gonna do? Are you gonna go through and delete it? Your comment, are you gonna just laugh about it and move on? It would be funnier if you, like, every day put a video online explaining more about how actually that croissant picture is not dirty. Like, it just, just double, triple, quadruple down. Be like, you guys gotta stop with this fucking Cro. You guys are perverts. Yeah. Not me. And, and, and honestly, I mean it's the, it's the truth. It's like, hey, how you view something is how you view it. If you can't laugh at yourself, man. Yeah, yeah. Then what are you really doing?


You can't, it's a great quality. If you can't laugh at yourself or laugh at a moment and, and move on from it and not be bogged down by it in your own mind, then then it doesn't matter. So I, I don't worry about it. It was, it was, it was fun. It went galactic and you move on. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. I got one last question for you. This has been awesome. RG three, if, if people haven't seen, we, we, we basically, he's been here all day. He's gonna be on the pro football show when this comes out. It'll be tonight. He did werewolf with us. He's gonna watch Thursday Night Football with us. Werewolf is awesome. Spent a whole day with RG. He did. Chef Donny. Yes. Did Chef Donny the show with Chef Donny? Yeah. Did Chef Donny. Oh. Did The show with Chef Donny some more French pastries? Yes, we did some Benets. Okay. All right. Some beignets. Yes. Yeah. So


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com.


So Heisman is coming up. Yep. You are a Heisman Trophy winner. How, how cool is it when you go there and you get to like, like how does it work? Because I imagine it's like some back room with like a bunch of books and everyone who, you know, sits down to one of Heisman and you guys trade war stories. That's what I, I want to imagine. Right? But is it like being in a room with everyone That happens at the Heisman house? Okay, so when we're with Nissan And we go to the Heisman House, we got video games in the back and you get to sit down with Baker Mayfield and Tim Tebow and Charles Woodson and Desmond Howard. That's awesome. And Eddie George and all these guys. Oj was he ever invited? Who? Oj No, I Don't think so. I don't think he was there.


They, they canceled Oj I don't wanna say that. Well, There's a, a story just came out yesterday that his bodyguard says that he has a confession from him. Oh. So I saw that that wasn't true. He might have done it. I saw that It wasn't true though. Okay. Alright. It came out and said that, that it was the recording was him just talking to himself. Ah, okay. Was the bodyguard talking to himself? Ah, So ojs still innocent per RG three. Yeah, I am leaving that all the way alone. Alright. Never went to the Heisman house. Okay. But he hasn't been there. I I haven't seen him there. Okay. I don't know if he's ever been there, but I have never seen him there. Yeah. But we, it's a good time, you know, kicking it with the guys shooting the funny commercials when you go to the Heisman ceremony, it's more of just, I know some people think that the guys that are on stage, they go there just so they can be seen.


And that's not what it is. They're there to support the next guy that's coming in and like the, the Heisman loses its value if the guys who want it before don't welcome the new guy. Yeah. Into the fraternity. Yeah. Into the fraternity. Yeah. So it's really cool to go there and see Mike Zi. Right. It's really cool to go there and see Archie Griffin, guys that I never got to see play, but they believe so much in the Heisman fraternity that they're willing to come back and welcome the next guy into that. That to me is awesome. So, you know, ESPN runs the show and I've been a part of that broadcast for the last three years. I'm not gonna be a part of the broadcast, but I'm still gonna go back because it's important to welcome, whether it's Travis Hunter, Aston Genty, Sura Sanders, cam Ward, whoever it is that wins the Heisman, it's important to be there to support them.


Yeah. That's awesome. I just, it's cool, you know, it's a trophy that, that still holds meaning, you know? Yeah. There's not, people don't really remember MVPs very often, you know what I mean? Like, you know, rookie of the years. Like there's, they're obviously great. Yeah. But Heisman, I don't know. There's something special about it. Yeah. It, it certainly feels special and it changes your life forever. It's not just the Heisman House, but it's the way that people look at you. Yeah. And other awards, you know, it's not to speak down on the other awards. They, they just don't remember. Right. I won, with all due respect, I won the Manning Award when I, my last year in college. No one says Robert Griffin iii the Manning Award winner.


Right, right. They say RG three, the Heisman Trophy winner. Yeah. So there is a certain level of prestige and that goes with all of 'em. It's not just the Manning Award. It's, whether it's the Maxwell, the Biletnikoff, all these other ones, the Davey O'Brien, they have value and you appreciate getting the award and, and being a part of that fraternity, but there's something so much more special about the Heisman Trophy. It really is. So, it is, did you, when did you first realize that? Like how many years after you won? Were you like, oh shit. Yeah. I'm a Heisman Trophy winner Forever. And they only give out one of these a year. Honestly, I'm, I'm 34, so it's not like I'm 55. Right. And that first check for the Heisman House, I was like, wait, what y'all giving out checks like this to come do this commercial?


Like that? That was a moment of like, oh wow. This is the gift that keeps on giving. Because we have guys like an Eddie George who's been removed from the game for 20 years and he's still getting those types of opportunities due to the Heisman. And I was just at an event doing a speaking engagement and they introduced me as Heisman Trophy winner. And like, and you're like, man, you don't understand how much it means to the other people until you hear it when you're so far removed from it. Yeah. I remember the moment I could feel my heart beating through my chest when they said the n the 2011 Heisman Trophy winner is, I still remember that moment, but I don't think I knew it was gonna have this type of impact on my life.


Yeah. I mean, it is a special award. Do you get upset at all when they do the pose and they don't do the pose correctly? We were talking about them last show. Isn't, isn't it funny that everyone who does the pose, it's literally not the Heisman pose they Do the Charles Woodson. I, I think that there's Exactly, yeah. There's Or the Desmond Howard. Desmond Howard, there's The Heisman Trophy. Desmond Howard Heisman Trophy, and then there's the Heisman pose. Yes. And they're different things. They're completely, and honestly, if someone got up and scored a touchdown and did the actual Heisman pose, it wouldn't be as score not as Good. No. People be like, what Is he doing? What is he doing? Yeah. You got two feet on the, You got two feet on the ground and you're like, you're going like this. Like, it's, it's not as cool. So actually appreciate it. Yeah. You know, I think it, I think they should give two trophies out.


Give the normal Heisman and then a bronze sculpture of the guy doing it. 'cause almost every Heisman winner has done it at some point in their Heisman season. Yeah. 'cause I know I did it at Baylor with my teammates. Yeah. When did you do it? It was, it was early in the season. Oh, early. Yeah. Early. You called your Shot call. I had at one point we had more touchdowns than Incompletions five games into the year. That's insane. So it was after one of those early games and I did it with my offensive lineman. So that was pretty cool. Yeah. That's cool. What was it like being big man? Big man on campus at Waco? Waco's not as big of a city. Yeah, right. But you know, we used to have this, this a student gym called The Slick.


And I used to play basketball there all the time. So in 2008 through 2010, like 2008 and 2009, we weren't very good. 2010 we got good. We beat Texas. We were seven and five. Everyone's feeling good about themselves. 'cause Baylor wasn't winning any games at that point. Then in 2011, we went on a run, we won 10 games. And that was wild. Just walking around campus, smaller school, Baptist school, you know what I mean? So a lot of, a lot of different people on campus, but the majority of the student population that was black were like on the athletic teams. Like, it was that type of environment. But it was cool to, to be there to see the impact and see how Baylor changed.


'cause when I got to Baylor, we had to drive 25 minutes across town to go work out because our, our facility and our stadium was not on campus. And then by the time I left, we had an on campus workout facility. They were building McLean Stadium, which is what they play in now. Thanks to you. Not just me, but a lot of other people. But I got to see the university change. At one point when I was a freshman, man, I'd go to class, you know those big auditorium classes where you got 500 kids? Yeah. And the teachers would be in the class making fun of us, like making fun of the football team, like cracking jokes. And I'm like, my God, our coach made us walk around with a shirt that said I play football for Baylor because nobody took pride in it.


Yeah. But by the time in 2010, 2011, now I'm going to these big auditorium classes and the teachers are praising us. Right. That was a very weird thing to go through. Yeah. That's a cool transformation. But It was a great transformation to see. Yeah. Look, I'm glad you're saying this, but also I know what you said. Yeah. I remember what you said four years ago. It also must have felt pretty good to just like walking around Texas being like, Austin didn't want me. Yeah. M Brown didn't want me. Yeah. You know, M Brown just unfortunately got back To fire. Yeah. JMU made quit. Yeah. Early this season. You think so? Yeah. Well, He quit. He, no, he literally quit after that game. He quit for like 24 hours and then he's like, psych, I'm back. Really? Yeah. Yeah. So JM you broke him. I Did not know that, but Mac, Mac never talked to me in recruiting.


It was his recruiting coordinator and they wanted me to be an athlete, which means they'll play you at safety, they'll play your receiver, they'll put you wherever they want you to be. I was a fast track and field guy, so they never gave me an opportunity to play quarterback or even be recruited as a quarterback. But after my freshman year at Baylor, Mack met me at, at the 50 yard line at UT Stadium. And he said, man, we really messed up with you, didn't we? You can come here anytime you want. So I look at that sometimes. I'm like, man, what if we were in the NIL transfer portal days? Yeah, yeah. Back in 2008. Would I have transferred to Texas? And the answer is no. I wouldn't have. But it's nice to think about and had they offered me a scholarship to play quarterback, I probably, I probably would have went there.


Yeah. Initially, right? Yeah. To be quite honest, I probably would've, It was, it was you and Johnny Manzel. Correct. And I think, I think M Brown was like, these guys could play safety for me. Correct. Yeah. And then Andrew Luck too. They Missed on, they missed on Andrew, missed on myself. Johnny Drew Brees didn't go there. That's crazy. They missed on Jalen Hurtz. Wait, you, you wouldn't have transferred though. I know it's easy to say right now, but if, if Texas is like, we're gonna give you $6 million a year to play Football. Yeah. I would go to Baylor and say, gimme four. Yeah. Gimme, gimme four if you can. And, and I'm not saying like, I did not grow up with money. So the likelihood of a team coming to you when you're an 18-year-old and paying you 6 million bucks, you're gonna entertain that. Yeah. The way I look at it is I love my university and I went there for a reason.


You know, everything worked out for me the way they worked out because I went to Baylor University. So had I gone to Texas, would would the Heisman Trophy that we won at Baylor mean as much at Texas? I don't know if it would have. Yeah, Probably not. You know what I mean? So it's it God has a plan of working, making that stuff all work out. And it definitely worked out in my favor. Well, RG three, it's been awesome today. Great having you on. Congratulations on being very right again. I got one last thing for you guys though. Yeah. Okay. Why do you guys sometimes let guys come on the show and just lie? Ooh, good question. Go on. All right. Mike Silver. Okay. I thought that's where we were going. You knew where we were going. I thought that's where we, I did Not know where you were Going.


All right. So Mike Silver came on the show. This, this was about a month ago maybe? Yeah, A couple months ago. Maybe a month and a half. Yeah. And he told you guys this story about the Cleveland game. Yeah. When Kirk threw for like 7,000 yards. Right. And like five 16 touchdowns. And it was a great game. It was Like right after Halo hit you Right after in your Knee you sprained your MCL so you were out right. Exactly. It was A-L-C-L-L-C-L. Oh yeah. He, he messed me up. Good. And he told you a story about how Dan Snyder walked in the locker room and like, like damn near trucked Kirk to get to me and asked me if I was okay. Yeah. And then he threw some else, something else out there saying that Mike Shanahan and my dad were off in the corner of the locker room and my dad was yelling at him saying, you need to run these plays with my son.


That reminded me. I watched, I did watch it. I saw the clip. I didn't respond. 'cause I had a feeling we would come on the show And we talk. Yeah. And it's not you guys' fault. Right. It it is your show, but it's not your fault that he comes on there and he, and he lies about it. But I had this conversation with a teammate of mine who was on the team at that time, and they're like, when is a parent ever in the locker room yelling at a coach? Yeah. When is a, you ever see a guy say, Hey, you got beat up by, by seven dudes, and then you go back and you watch the tape and he got beat up by one guy. You talking About biz? You know what I'm saying? It's like a over exaggeration of the story. Yeah. Right. So I remember the story, I know exactly what happened. My dad was never in the locker room.


My dad was never a problem in the locker room. But when Mike Silver and media members from DC go around telling those stories constantly, the next generation tends to think that those things are true. And what bothers me is not myself. Like I'm so far past it for me, but for my family. Yeah. No, that's Fair. That type of stuff does not sit well with me. Because you could ask, well, Compton, you could ask any of my teammates. My dad was never in the building. He was never telling anyone what plays they needed to run. He was never micromanaging anything. And for a military veteran of 21 years to put his time in and serve this country for them to constantly go around making those lies because they're trying to paint it in a certain way as to why it didn't work.


That bothers me. Dan Snyder, the whole story is Dan Snyder walked in the locker room and he did walk to me, but he didn't brush past Kurt cousins. He walked to me and he said, Hey, I heard you worked out in pre-game and they said you'll be ready to go next week. Then he turned around and he congratulated Kirk Cousins on the job that he did. And for them to change that story to make it seem like it was something that it wasn't, it's always bothered me. Yeah, that's fair. I hadn't, I hadn't heard that story in years. But when he came on the show and he said that, I was like, that's fucking bullshit. I had never heard the story. Yeah. So I wish I had had and been able to correct him. Now we'll just say Mike Silver, you're a liar. Yeah. So now he's gotta come on back on. I would love to come On the show with Mike Silver. Alright. We'll Do it. We'll get It done. I would love to come on with Mike Silver because the, the lies that he tells, and whether it's in the book or not, I don't know if it's in the book.


If it's in the book, I might sue the shit out of them. Oh. But if it, the lies that they tell about that stuff, it's defamatory towards my family. I'll always protect my Family. Yeah. No, that's, if if that didn't happen, I would be, that's, that's, I would be very upset. That's completely fair. Yeah. Yeah. And, and like I said, I'm not mad at you guys about it. I more so saw it and I was like, you know what, I, I think I'm gonna be a bar so soon, I'm just gonna talk to my guys Big Cat and PFT about it because going online and talking about it isn't gonna do Anything. Right. No, you're right. Let's, I was smart. Let, Let's just have the conversation. No parent has ever been in the locker room screaming at a coach. Yeah. It's, it never happens. It would never happen. No team would allow that to happen. The only time my dad has ever been in the locker room was when I got knocked outta that Atlanta Falcons game because then they bring your family to the locker room to check on you and you're hurt.


You have a Head injury. Yeah. You have a head injury. Yeah. So that, that bothered me. But at the end of, well I'm happy you, you were able to say that because I like, we obviously didn't know the story. So we're sitting here, we're like, oh, that's crazy. And he handled it the right way. Like, I mean, listen, sometimes it's better not to fight on the internet. Correct. That, that's what I did when you were taking the not victory lap on me. I literally, I responded, I was like, RG three, I'll see you in literally four days. We'll talk about it then. And then I hit mute conversation because everybody's in like, Hey, hey Big Cat. He took a victory lap. It's like, no, I like RG three. I'm not gonna let other people try to, you know, put a wedge here. Nah. I like you guys. I think, I think what you do is phenomenal. The way you connect with your fans is great.


Everything today has been topnotch. I look forward to the stream later. Yes. Yeah. Alright. And we'll have to catch a commanders game together. We were gonna go to the Cowboys game was on a Sunday, but if there's a Monday night game in DC and you have that available, I will be there no matter what. Love it. I appreciate that. Last request I have for you guys Yeah. Is, would you guys like to come with me Or is this Chant to run with the bulls? Oh, Can you do it When we've talked about this being a punishment, don't about this being I don't want to, but I want to. But I want you want I want to. I'm on. I don't want to, but I feel like I should. No, I, I'm, I'm the opposite. I want to, I don't want to like, have to travel. Like if you could bring the bulls here, I'd fucking run with the bulls every day that you might to have to pull that ball.


But like, I don't really want to get on a flight. Wanna in July and have to go to Spain. Yeah. When is it? It's In Spain. It's in July. It's the first two weeks of July. That happens to be when we usually take a vacation And chill week. Can you find us some bowls that we could do it here? What About Chill Week in Spain? In Spain? Chill week in Spain. Yeah. I, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna put me down as a maybe As a maybe. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you, I think I'm in. Yeah, I'm, but I think I'm in. But chill week. But we could do chill week in Spain. Well, the Whole point of chill week is the interviews. There're No interviews in Spain. No. Yes. We can get some Interviews in Spain. Messy. Max is shaking his head. He agrees with me.


We have to do we have, we already have plans. We already have sold, shall we? This is Already sold. Do we know the date? What date? Yeah. What date is it? Well, they do it every year. So I'm out this year. I Know the date for I'm out this year. Okay. But I'm in, I'm in for a future year. Okay. I'm gonna hold you to it. Well, we don't even know if Chris long Kill in Dates might not conflict. Yeah. Let's, let's look at dates Now. I don't think they Conflict. Oh, fuck you. Memes. I, It's good, man. Memes. This is Last year's date. Last year's date was July 10th. That's exactly when we're in Tahoe For, for Running Bulls. Going to Tahoe again. Yeah. Oh, okay. Because I mean, it's, it was, we did it last year. It was the best thing ever. Was it great? Well, we got like, I don't know, 10 interviews. Yeah. In incredible interviews. There's, you know's a lot of people There.


I was there. I was face to face. Tahoe. Tahoe is, it's a monster now. Yeah. All top notch. July 7th through 14th. That's literally chill week. That's the bulls. Yeah. All right. We'll figure it out. We'll, we'll figure it out. I got you. Do it as it may. I do. I got you as a Yes. But we'll figure out. I always wanted to do it. I've just never wanted to travel. I don't Want to do it, but I'm in. Yeah. I'm reluctant. I know exactly what you Mean. You Know what I'm saying? Like, sometimes I know exactly what you, sometimes You Have to take stuff that feels so wrong and be like, you know what? I Also, yes. I also wouldn't, I wouldn't hate getting roughed up just a little bit by a bull. Really? Not fully. I don't want To get, you want the horns dragged off? You want the horns from the bull? I would like just not the horns. Maybe like the bull like headbutts my ass or something Gets concerned after all the bad shit he's said about the bulls for the last 10 years.


Yeah. They're gonna come after me. Heard. Oh, I, I, I've always thought, thought is looks like the most exciting thing ever. And also I'm an idiot so I'm like I have no problem getting outta the way. I think it'd be awesome. I might, I might end up killing a bull with my strength. Am I allowed to take any mind altering substances before I run with these bulls? Yeah, Sure. I've shouldn't either confirmed it or not. Yeah. If you have taken any mind altering substances. Okay. Alright. So put it on the list. Put it on the list. It's that And climbing Kilimanjaro. It's Chris Long. Yeah. We'll do we owe him that? Really? Yeah. You guys are climbing Kilimanjaro? Well, we, we say yes to a lot of things. Okay. But I would like to do this. Okay. So we'll, we'll Figure it out. We'll figure it Out. We'll Make it happen. All right. RG three. Thanks so much man. Appreciate you Guys.


Welcome back to another Fire Fest of the week. Brought to you by our friends over at Morgan and Morgan. You know, it really sucks not picking the lottery ball number and having never picked the lottery ball number. You know it doesn't suck calling Morgan and Morgan if you're injured so they can help you get what you deserve. While they can't help memes get the lottery ball, they can help fight to get you full and fair compensation when injured. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone.


Okay, let's wrap up. We got Fire Fest of the week, Henry. Yeah. How You doing? What's up? I'm not doing great. I have about five Fire Fest currently going on all at once. Five Alarm fire Fest, one of which I'm not even ready to we'll talk about in a couple weeks. And then the other one I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna brain dump 'cause I don't even really know where to start or finish. Okay. And then hopefully we just come to a solution with it. Okay. Inside Hank's head. Yeah. Yeah. Nine Darter. Yep. Yeah. Dunking. Yeah, I, I know I said I was gonna do the nine Darter, Vanny Woodhead when we've vanny woodhead. It's looking good. By the way, let me stop you before this. I I have And by looking good, I mean kind of.


I have talked to, that's Not even on the list. That's like a future Fire fest. I have talked to a tattoo artist. I think I'm getting my tattoo next week. Well, maybe we can, maybe we can collab. No, I, I'm just gonna pay off my bet. Oh, okay. Cool. Baseball's baseball stream also not looking Great. Uhoh the boys are down bad. I was Gonna get a perm two weeks ago. The boys are down bad but I Couldn't, I will be getting a perm. Oh, we're, we're trying with baseball, We are trying very, very hard And we wanna make it the best video possible and it's, we've had some, some hurdles The weather. Yeah. With the nine daughter. That's, that's part of it too is where I, I've kind of planned it out and, 'cause I came to the realization that since Max chose a punishment that's literally physically impossible.


Like if you guys had to do it, it would, none of us would be able to do it. It would take, you know, years, centuries wait You could veto. Yeah. I just didn't realize how hard it was when I, did You run a marathon? Well, I, I had already, we already went through this process, whatever. So came up with a plan for a stream where basically I live in the office for like three or four days and there's, you know, stipulations every 12 hours. It gets easier and easier so that way, you know, at some point it can finish. It's not gonna be nine consecutive darts, but it's like, you know, enough where the punishment is paid off. Because I've literally stayed at this office for four days.


But with the dunk training also coming down to the wire, I kind of am have been in the head of like, I need every, you know, all the time that I can have to, This is an easy solution. Focus on what? Just Do the nine daughter in January. That's What I'm, we got, we Got nothing going on in January. Do the nine daughter in January. All right. That's great. Great. Yeah. Easy. And I was gonna say like with the, you know, the four days, there's gonna be other stuff that's going on during the streams. 'cause it's like I can't just throw darts the whole time. So like, stuff like getting a tattoo or like whatever maybe. Oh, Okay. I could do that. But yeah, just do the nine darter in January. Focus on Dunking now. We will all get paid off. It's also something to look forward to in January.


'cause there's nothing like, you know, obviously the weekends have playoff football, but during the week we'll, we'll find a time and we'll do it. Yeah. At Least you're getting a sick car soon. No, I just said two Weeks ago. Oh yeah. I forgot about That shit. I have a sick car. Okay, now you have a nice car. Is it sick? It's pretty sick. I dunno. It's a nice car. It's got some damage. I drove in it the other day. It's a little tiny. I'm being honest. It's a little ti like I, I, I was parking Hank's car and my car is large and so I, I was like, oh shit, can I fit in this spot? And I, I parallel parked and I was like, oh my God, I can put another car in here. Yeah. It's so tiny. It's so cute.


That's nice. So cute. It's like putting in your little pocket. You got boyfriend car. That's A plus. It's not guy from the bar car. That's A plus right there. That he just said your car stinks because you can get into parking spots. Yeah. No, no, no. It's no, that's what he was saying. It's so small that I could put it in my pocket. I'm hank fight back. Yeah, no, I mean like, you have like kids and shit. I don't, so it's like I don't really need large space. I'm also not, you know, I don't have to worry about my personal size like you do. Good. That's good. Way to go Max. Get 'em, get 'em. All right. Max just pumped you up. Also, Hank's pole in the parking lot has claimed another victim. There was a shattered, shattered brake light next To that pole.


Oh, it wasn't you. No, it wasn't. It was red because I was like, oh Boy. No it wasn't me. Somebody else. Because Hank installed that pole directly in the middle of the parking lot where nobody can see it. He did And, and removed the yellow paint advising people caution another car from Barstool Sports. An anonymous employee has backed into it. Yeah. So that's two, two pelts on the wall for that pole. Hank, I hope they're happy. Yeah. Okay. Good job. Glad we got that figured out. Glad we got that figured out. Yeah, me too. All right. PFT My fire fest of the week is Turkey. I didn't go there for hair plugs. I already got my hair plugs in the United States, but Turkey, the bird. So I, I had planned on deep frying a Turkey for the boys for, for this Thursday's stream. We were going to fry Turkey, have a nice post Thanksgiving feast.


And I planned, I planned a little bit ahead on this, but I got fucked at every single turn. So on Tuesday I was like, okay, we gotta get a Turkey because if I get a frozen one, I'd has to have time to defrost or I could get a fresh one and then we could go ahead and get the brine going and put the, the seasoning and the rubbing on there. So on Tuesday I ordered a, a fresh Turkey from the store and they said, okay, no problem. It'll be delivered soon. It got delivered Tuesday around lunchtime. And I forget if Max, if Max brought it in or Paige brought it in. But it was a tiny little bag and I paid $50 for this Turkey. And I took the bag and looked inside and they brought me two Turkey drumsticks.


Oh. And the, the price on there was $7 and they still charge me $50 Oh. In the app. And I was like, what's going on with this? This is, this is not right. So now that's a, a thing I have to fix. Go back and forth to the app, get a refund. But still, it's okay. We got plenty of time to get a Turkey. No big deal. So Paige hit hit me up and she was like, Hey, I can have somebody go get a Turkey for you. We've got Jacob the intern on it. Cool, no problem. We'll have the Turkey plenty of time. Jacob goes out, runs to the store, comes back, we get done recording. Pardon My Take. And Jacob's like, great news. I got your Turkey for you. And I look at the Turkey, I'm like, this Turkey is cooked. Oh, it's got nice golden skin on it. Yeah. You got a Full Turkey pounder.


Turkey. I think it was like 13, 14 pounds. It max made a free throw with it. And I think, I think it was a hundred bucks for that Turkey that was $120 Turkey. Oh. So now we're at $170 for the Turkey. And so I was like, Paige, I can't work with this Turkey. We can't deep fry Turkey that's already cooked. Can't work with this Turkey. We could. You can't really though. No, it wouldn't, it wouldn't be good. No. It would just be way too cooked. Yeah. So then Paige is like, don't worry about it. We'll get you a fresh Turkey. We're calling butcher shops right now. I was like, cool. Sounds great. Max hit me up and he's like, great news. We found a fresh Turkey. We're gonna go pick it up. And then he updated me to say, we have acquired the Turkey and it is now in the walk-in fridge here. It's a fresh Turkey.


You'll be able to freeze it no problem. On Thursday, Friday. Friday. Yes. No. Yeah, no problem. On, on Thursday. So then we get back in the office yesterday And we go to start seizing this Turkey myself, max Chef Donnie. And we take the Turkey outta the bag and there's never been a worst smelling Oh. Thing that I've ever smelled in my entire life. It was a rotted Turkey. They sold a rotted Turkey. Oh, $200. Oh, 200 Bucks for that fresh Turkey. Additional, yes. Additional. But now we're at what three, what I say three 70. We're $370 for no Turkey. But PFD we're still getting a, a fried Turkey tonight. Right? No, because the thing was, because the fresh Turkey was there.


I now waited so long that I lost time to defrost a frozen Turkey next Week. If we can find, I don't think there are any turkeys in Chicago Anymore. They just, they stopped selling them. They Stopped selling. It's like trying to buy a pumpkin after Thanksgiving. Yeah. It's like the, the Halloween stores that pop up every year. Yeah. The bird deadline has passed. Yeah. And now, now we can't have any Turkey tonight, which is a bummer. But I could do one next week with a frozen Turkey. That would be fine. 'cause there's plenty of frozen turkeys out there. Yeah. But yeah, this has been just a nightmare trying to find a Turkey this week. Shit. So $370 down the drain. I gotta say, I don't think collectively that's worse than your firefighter though. I don't think collectively as an entire unit, we've been this much of a mess ever.


Yeah. We're we're in a bad spot. Also. You can watch everything that PFD just Said on p tv in that's coming out. We're in squirrel. Yeah. Throw, Watch all of this Debacle. Go down pr President Pug, who is as wise as he is benevolent, he documented the entire thing with the understanding that we were gonna get Afr afr, a fried Turkey paid off on Thursday and the boys would've a nice feast before football. So he was falling around the entire time. So Yeah, you can watch that on Pmm TV. Yeah. No, we're I got an idea. We're we're in a, we're in a bad spot though. Hank has an idea. I had a real sentence to Hank last week was I was like, Hey Hank, I I'm seeing a therapist. You want, you want him? I was like, you can, I I can recommend you. That's where we're at.


It's been a long football season. What If You fry the Turkey during the dark stream? Oh, Okay. Okay. In January. I love it. That's, yeah. That's forever. What if Jerry tries to get a hole in one in the dart street? I just, I'm, I'm just disappointed 'cause I love fried Turkey. Yeah. We, I was the best. That's a good idea. Let's do a fried Turkey. I have good news. Yeah. What? Baseball might be back. Oh, We're back. Let's go Back. Just Got, just got a text. Baseball might be back. Love Back. Okay. We're working. We're working. Alright. My fire fest is a little different, so I've talked about it. My, my daughter is, I've, I've raised a troll. She's a troll in my image.


She just, she literally does things to me that I like. I recognize myself. I'm like, you're just trolling. So they, they send pictures from her school and the other day it was like, what do you want for the holidays? And her answer was a baby. And I asked her later that night. I was like, what did you mean by a baby? Like a doll baby? And she won't gimme a straight answer. So I think she just wants to have another sibling. She Wants a little brother and sister. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She has a little brother. She probably wants a little si but she won't, she'll like smile and like, do you want a a real life baby or a doll baby? And she just kind of smiles and just looks at me. I'm just like, God. Damnit won't gimme an answer. But that's a bad one. Yeah.


I can't have another Baby. When, when a cannot When a kid asks you for tie up, did you think about it though? Or are you like, oh, I can't disappoint my daughter. We had a, a convers that sounds like you're about to have another baby. We had, we had a conversation like three months ago. It's actually the world works in the a a particular way where we had a conversation. We were like, what if, and then my kids submitted like the worst night of like dinner and bedtime and bath and we're like, ha ha, that that's out the window. You gotta get snipped. I do. You gotta get Snipped. I gotta get snip. I'm just scared. I don't want to What if you, What if you, you need to get snipped 10 kid once you have like, that would be a funny, you have six kids. I feel like 10 kids is is not, I dunno know why. It would be Fun.


I don't, yeah. What would be fun about it? I don't know. I, I also don't want, I, I'm scared. I'm scared to get snipped. I know that's stupid, but I'm still scared Now. I do it during March Madness. Yeah. No March mad. That's what I was thinking. It was Like March Mad. No, I need to, I March madness. I need to be full. I need to be full Of calm. You have to, your, your testicles need to be working in March Madness. Okay. Good. Show boys Memes. Do you have a fire fest? Memes. Oh, he took his Headphones Off. Memes. We're Doing podcast memes. We're doing a podcast right now. You're gonna have to put your headphones back On. No, he has no headphones on either Memes. Put your head. I mean, the fact that you were turning mics off during a podcast last on Wednesday.


His mic is also not on. He's just saying No Memes. No memes. This I'm speaking on. This is in order. Put the, the people want to hear this. Come on, put on your headphones. Hank. Oh by the way, shout out our guy. Let me find it. Memes put on your headphones. He's putting 'em on. They're not fully on. They're close enough though. He can hear it. He can Hear memes. I have good news for you. Here's the good news. Shout out our guy deck. Do dev, who does a really good job with the lottery ball website, memes. You're not even top three longest days without getting it right. So Hank had a streak of 988 days.


That's Impossible. That's three years. 88 days is so long. 9 88 days. Max had 691 days. Yep. That Doesn't make sense to me, by The way. Yeah. PFT you had 558 days. Big drought and then memes. You are at 407 days. I'm after you at 366 days. Pug has, pug has only gone pugs insane. 109 days is the longest. Pug is gone from getting it. So memes, do you have a question for him? PFD Have you ever gotten this? I couldn't hear you, but I'm opting out going Forward.


No, you can't do that. You cannot do that. No, you can't do that. You can't do that. You are not allowed to opt out. This is what we do as a show. Nope. Opt out me. No, then you're, then you're opting out everything. You're done. Your Job. Well, I, I'm doing Are you quitting? No. Speaking. No, no, no. Then you're quitting. No, I can still do my job. No, your job is to guess a number here. That's Not my job. Yes it is. It's part of your job. Not, it is a hundred percent part of your job. Imagine if we opted out after a bad loss. That's our job. Do you just compare me to you? Well, I mean, you're opting out after one Bad loss Employees. Yeah. One bad loss and you've opted out. Well, I was just like the commander's got a hail Mary.


I'm not talking about the Bears for the rest of the year. Well, Big Cat co-host of the number one sports podcast compared to national sports players. A guy named memes guessing a lottery balls. But it's your job. You're part of the team. You're part of, you are part of the number one national sports podcast. I'm opting Out. No, you can't opt out before you know you can't opt out. Yeah, ma Max Max could pick it. P But if you get it, yeah. Then Max got it. Pug, what is the, That's What he's gonna say. What is the ruling going forward? You just have PFT then just still make the pick. Yeah. So, so memes listen to me. Okay. I want you to trust me because you, you did me a solid, you did a great job picking my number for me.


I, I just want you to know that I am going to do everything I can to get you this lottery ball. Okay? You'll never see a podcaster podcast as hard as I will the rest of the season. You'll never see someone push to the rest of the team. As hard as I will push everybody the rest of the season, you'll never see a team play harder than we will at the rest of the season. God bless. It sounds like if you opt out though, it's just like PT can pick the right number, but it just doesn't count. No guess if you're opting out, you're never gonna get it. Yeah. I guess. And this will count as days that you didn't get it. I guess That goes to somebody else. Opt back in. Just say a number. It's Your, it's the show, dude, come on. Don't do this. This is gonna be bad. If you try to opt out and you're not opting out of just talking, you can't do that.


Why not? Because this is a podcast. What, What do you mean? Why not just pick, I'll let you pick the number first. Are, are you opting out of the booth? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like, are you opting outta your job? I don't understand this. No, No, no. Just a lottery Ball. But that this is part of your job. Couldn't do that. This is part of your job. No, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It is. If You opt outta a lottery ball, you're opting outta the booth. Is that what you're doing? And then you might be opting outta your job. I don't want, I don't wanna I love you memes. I you're part of the team. You took one bad loss and it was a horrific loss. 'cause PFT did get it before you and you've never gotten it. Which that sucks because you've never gotten it.


Is that true? It's true. I looked at the stats. You can Ask Hank. I mean, Hank's been in this situation For, I went twice as long and handled it like an absolute champ. I've Never complained once. That's a lie. I was an absolute lie. No, that's true. Yeah. Complaining is fine. Opting out is not fine. Hank is the very definition of grace. You could, you could complain, you could bitch. You could do anything you want. That's totally fine. That's, people like that shit from us. You can't opt out. I, I guess I'm in. Yeah. There We go. Wow. That's the spirit. All right, so what is way to say with conviction numbers? Go ahead. Memes. Am I picking my own?


Yeah, Go ahead. We don't wait, Wait. We need a ruling From Pug. Yeah. Just to make sure. This is all by the way, p Pug walked into the studio the other day and memes just said, what's up? Hollywood Memes picks his own Number. Okay, great. Okay, great. Great. Memes. I'll go two for Ash and Genty. Okay, we're going back to back. The ash Memes is memes has has gone to the dark side and created a He's Travis Hunter, cardio king guy. Now just off that. All right. It would be a great show if you guys lost the Heisman. There we go. We go. We did You not bet it two? No. Oh. Alright. I'll go three, I'll go 12. Good pick. Hank 11.


Nine, nine po 76. Wait, what was that Jack? 21. Jack, what was that? What? Say yours again. 44. 44. 71 was yours, Shane. 21. 21 memes. Have you ever gotten this? I have not. No, no, no. I've guessed You've never gotten this. Dude. I've guessed the number. No, You've never gotten this At PFT. Have you ever guessed the number? Right. The question was, have you ever gotten This? We ever gotten this? We sold merch. I we Gotten this two. It again. Have you ever gotten this? P ft. PFT has won it. He's never gotten, Have you ever gotten, have you gotten it? Never. I I got it. Got it. No, you got it. He got it. I got it. P ft.


No, he didn't get it. No, you didn't. Didn't get it. Ft needed help getting a Turkey. You still, he help getting the ball. Six. Fuck. You've never gotten this. God, God help God help us all. If Jack gets this before me, that's what all the listeners are need. 44. The Now we need Pft to, to pick it on his own. Yeah. Numbers. Well, I mean, but he Is he in? No, I got it. He's got it. No, I'm saying, but now I got what he said. What he said. Well, he is incapable of doing anything on his own. His entire fire fest. Was other people messing up? I no, I screwed up the, the delivery. You were like, ah, Jacob couldn't do this. Max couldn't do that.


He Couldn't do that. Yes. He's at, he's back in. I mean, I can, I can't help gives me No, no. I'm Not blaming Max. I'm just saying, these are the events that transpired. He's opted back in. Let's go. This is your joker arc right Now. Dude. Memes has always been the joker. I know, but always. But it's now, it's now like everyone's seeing it in the light of day. He was in Joker denial. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's a truly a, he's an angry boy. Agent Chaos. He's an angry boy. What's up yang? Roll it. Also, you know what I realized the other day we got too many Italians. That entire booth is Italians outside of Jack. So true. Every single one of these fucking guys got a vowel on their last name. Yeah. So they just get in that little box and they just get angry.


Italians. It's fucking nuts. Me's Turning into Joe Ache right now. Pug. What? Jack has confirmed half Italian. Oh my God. All right. So yeah, it's just a disgusting damn. There's too many Italians in one booth. I like that. We get 'em locked up in a cell. We should actually put a big Italy flag behind you guys. Just remind us every time. I would love that. Every time you get mad we're like, oh, Italian. Are you mad? Like a chart? Maybe like the, the zero to 10, you know, hurt chart at the hospital. It's just, where are you right now? Are you angry or Italian? I'm just Italian. No, memes is angry. Yeah. Memes is angry and Italian. Yep. Shades pervert. Shades a pervert.


All see ya. Love you guys.