
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have a twofer for the people. We have Coach Rick Pitino In Studio. He stopped by on Wednesday before his game against DePaul, talking St. John's a little horse racing. We also have Super Bowl Champ, Cooper Deje. We're also gonna talk some USA Canada Four Nations. Max is on vacation after vacation week. So we have guest producer oldie in the studio. If you tuned into our stream.


You saw a lot of oldie, you saw, saw a lot of oldie. So we'll get his thoughts as well. He's from Canada. We flew him in today to watch with us, and then we're gonna finish up with Fire Fest of the Week.


It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings who's scoring big in the NBA this season. You are with the all new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook and official sports betting partner of the NBA. DraftKings is home of NBA player Props. So you can get behind your favorite players heading. Which way for Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass? It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking an NBA player prop. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. Instantly take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. I love Guys who like football and guys who like football. They like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football mean they try to avoid me because I'm always trying to get them to like football, Football, football.


Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Take it to the Rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app Use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Today is Fraye February 21st. And congratulations to Canada, Canada for winning the Allstar game. Yeah, you won the Allstar game. I, I don't know, like I saw a lot of people talking about it tonight, but I mean the NHL Allstar game, that's, I think we could probably, we can just talk about MLB is doing Robot s Do you wanna start with that? Sure. I mean, I can't, I can't remember the last time an Allstar winner was like, anyone cared. No, I mean, who wa You know what? Also, I don't know if we said this, but congratulations to Team Shaq. Yeah. Team. We didn't get them Properly. Team Shaq. We should talk about Team Shaq. I know it's been a a a week, but we finally watched the tape Team Shaq really put it on in the NBA All-Star game. They were incredible. I Can't wait to see the rematch of Team Shaq and Team Chuck.


Oh, caval the Ages. And, and did the NFC win the Pro Bowl? I don't know because we boycotted that. Okay. 'cause we're just doing all Allstar game talk. 'cause that's, I mean, that, that's where we're at in sports. Who cares about any of these games? All star Gamely game baseball. Who can, who can forget what happened last season? Yeah. Who could forget Truth and truly, I I would never forget. No. Would You? I mean, I, I just remember when the MLB Allstar game ended as a tie. Right. And everyone was like, good. Thankfully this game's over, we can move on. It's an exhibition. We don't care. Yeah. Who cares, right? Hank? Exactly. It's Preseason football. Should we talk about that? Like, who cares? No, but congratulations to Canada. It's really, It's hold.


He's doing the hold doing cry. The cry face making face in the behind the glass in Max's seat. Congrats to Canada. My takeaway from this game, Cubs won today. Oh yeah. There, yeah. There we go. We go spring training. Yeah. Baseball's back. My takeaway from this game is that Austin Matthews has become two Canadian. Mm. And that's why we lost the game. Yeah. Because he's a maple leaf. And Maple Leaf's never win anything. And we saw that. We saw why the Maple Leaf never, we did win anything with Austin. Matthews trying to finish in overtime just getting robbed side by Bingington. Who, who was the best player. Like Oh, he was, he was the reason why they won The overtime. First of all, it was an incredible hockey game. Like just so well played high intensity for an Allstar game. And Bennington was just insane in the overtime because the US should have won the Allstar game multiple times.


Yes. And we would've, and if they had won the Allstar game, we would've started the show the exact same way saying RAs the US for winning an Allstar game. An exhibition game. Yeah. Right. Like, who Cares? Yeah. I mean, honestly, I'm looking forward to the Olympics. Yeah, the Olympics. That's what's, because you know what Right. International hockey game's, a little bit different. Rosters are gonna be a little bit different. Yep. More spaced out. Yep. It's a d like that's, that's true. International hockey. Taking Pictures with memes like he's, you know, in front of the Statue of Liberty right Now. The, you, you're absolutely right. This is just, I mean, as far as I'm concerned, that was game two of a three game series. Well, If they really wanted, if they cared about this game, if you can just ask the players on the ice, if they really cared about who won this game, they would've fought in the first period.


Agreed. And in that type of game, I think the US would win. Exactly. So we do have oldie here. He has been with us all day. When I say all day, I mean literally all day. He showed up at the office at 10:00 AM puck drop wasn't until seven 30. He is Canadian. Former trash man, blue collar guy, Salt man Now Salt man friend. He's Keep keeping the roads clean. Yeah. Doing a little bony on the side. Doing a little Zamboni at the working for the town. Oldie. How, how did you see that game? Give us your thoughts, unload your thoughts on that game. Well, I know we, I said like before I knew I wasn't nervous about it. I knew the boys were getting bump and grind. I called four two. Like I called four two earlier manifested it.


I was sitting on the couch. What's the final score? Three, two. Okay. So you were wrong. I was wrong. But I mean, if we're counting numbers here, that's only now gotta be off by one. Right. Pretty Strong Math. Well, I, who was the other pickle stick in the corner sitting behind me? Tj No titty boy. Mark Titus. Yeah. Titty boy. Yeah, he's, he's calling nine three. Like, we out here playing like a football game or something. Well, I mean, yeah, like three field, like four field goals kicked or something. I don't dunno. Paul BizNet, I think he predicted six two, right? Six two. Yeah. So he was wrong too. So you, so it's actually the biggest takeaway is that oldie, you were wrong about this game. So I lied. I straight up lied. Yeah. About It. Yeah. Like I'm sitting here telling you guys a whole story about four and two and it ends up being three, two. Like Yeah.


That's not what happened. Yeah. What did, what did you think about about the way that it ended? Mc Jesus. He, he won an all star game. That's good. Turns out he's not the biggest loser for Now Talk to me when he does it in the Stanley Cup finals. See, the All Star game wasn't talked about on the podcast. It was Four Nations. We talked about the Four Nations, and now all of a sudden it's an All-Star game. Not, I'm not Familiar with What you're saying. Wait, was was Russia playing the Four Nations? Yeah. Well you guys brought up the Four Nations. Four nations. Like, we're the guys, like, you know what I mean? And then all of a sudden now it's an Allstar game. Yeah. Well that's, well, what happened, What was it was you guys not drinking? It was an Allstar. How? Yeah, I mean, Vy wasn't playing. How serious is this tournament if you're putting the best players out there. Right. But maybe you guys weren't drinking enough body armor. I don't know. Have to tell you. It's true. You had a lot of body armor. You guys weren't getting, the energy was not there for you guys.


Like I, I had, I had PI had PFD No, no. Go with PPI Had Poly P out there sipping around and telling me, trying to shake my hand. And then he got Old Brady there. Shit taker. Yeah. Oh, Brandon. Yeah. Brandon. Yeah. But Brady, Brady to me, I don't know. I dunno. Brandon, I don't know what Brandon, so I know Brady, if you Didn't watch the stream, I, I give it my highest possible recommendation to go back and watch at least the highlights from the Stream. Best stream we've ever done. Because oldie, we oldie put on a, a performance for the ages. Oh, he has a Pussy. And he's got something Side. It's a side though, because I do have the other, he has, He has a Pussy. He has something that grows in the front of his legs that when he pulls his jeans up, looks either like two giant nuts on either side or like the biggest camel toe you've ever, it's a beaver toe.


You gotta, you got two beaver Tails sticking out. Right. They're not jeans though pee. I gotta stop you there. They're chings. Okay. They're chings. They're Jing right now. Oldie. I got a question for you from, from Canadian perspective, like it's your sport. You invented it. Like, do you even get credit for winning your sport? I mean, it's not even in an all-star game. Like you should have Won basically it's like a wash, right? It's like whatever. This is what we do anyways. Right. Exactly. We just keep kicking ass sea bass, like, you know what I'm saying? Right. So it doesn't even Matter. Cam got nothing on that. Yeah. You guys bear, I mean, you barely won in your own sport in an all-star game. I know. But then the worst part is, is like, oh, we're gonna, you host the Four Nations too. Bring us over to Boston and then all of a sudden the boys get slapped around in the home city.


That's not nice. But I mean, we did that to you guys. We apologized, but we did it. It had to happen. He did apologize. Dude did right after is a Problem. Yeah, he is. So that, that's where he won the Stanley Cup, right? Yeah. Game seven. Yeah. Real tough. Real tough. I can't believe we kept going glove side on him. He loves glove side. Ah. He was a gotta over time. He was. That was, that was, that was incredible. But great back and forth. But those two glove saves got the boys juicy on the bench. And I think mc Jesus said like, enough's enough. Yeah. Like biz nasty. Can't be telling him like he's gonna be nothing there. Like, and the commentary did not crumble. We are not the 51st state. Ah, Are we the 11th province? I saw some people saying that. Oh, it could be.


Oh, I, I reject. I I rebel against that. Yeah. But I would put the, I would put the lines underneath the Canada flag a bit too. The What? The lines and the, Oh, the lines. The lines. Stripes. Stripes. Yeah. No, the stripes. Yeah, you're right. It may be just one. You can Have Michigan. How about that? Oh, that's the shittiest state. You guys own that? Michigan sucks. Really? Michigan sucks. Like Michigan. I enjoy Michigan. I like Michigan. Michigan's. All right. Okay. If you got nowhere else, If you have no other 49 states to go to. Yeah. Like, I mean, What's your favorite state? Ohio, bro. Buckeye Nations. Bless you. Okay. Buckeye Nations. That makes Senses why I hate Michigan.


Michigan. Yeah. Yeah. That does Make sense. Yeah. That's, we don't talk about, we don't say is we say Michigan. Do you Say that team down south? Yeah. You're so, you're a Buckeyes fan because you're best friends with Rick Nash growing up. Yeah. Rick Nash by the way, we were FaceTiming with him in between third period and ot. He confirmed that he first saw Oldie pussy when he was six years old. Wow. Yeah. You show me yours. I'll show you mine. That was just, that was a pussy at that point. A boy pussy. Well That's a change room talk. That's kind of, you know what I mean? What the boys do. Like, that's why I played sports. My favorite was before and after the game. So Yel change him y change room guy all day. Our friend Dan showed this video of you. I I think it was in the, it was in the playoffs, right? Where the Rangers, they Correct. They flew you out before each game won to get the boys pumped up in the locker room.


You were like, you were the entertainment in the locker room minutes before they went on the ice, right? Yeah. Yeah. I was the fire up guy. I was fire up guy. It's gotta be That's 10 years ago. That's 10 years ago. 2015. They won the President's cup first overall in the league. So they had home ice advantage round one. Game one flew me out round, round two game one flew me out. Round three game one flew me out. Okay. We're since a trend here. Here's the kicker. My wife was eight and a half months pregnant and she said you can't go. My parents said you can't go. Everyone's like, you can't go text them back. Got in the next flight.


Had to go, gone. Sorry. The boys. Boys for the boys For the boys. And For hockey for you texted your wife back, did you say Sorry boys, I gotta go. Oh, I just, oh, I was gone. I just told I, this is the plan. The guy texted me from the rangers said, Hey, do you mind coming up with to fire up the boys in the change room before the game? I said, absolutely. Yeah. So I, that was it. That was it. Like my parents said no. My old lady said, no. Absolute best wife in the world. Yeah. Best woman. Absolute gem. Well you fired herself. Well, I mean, Yeah. She married a guy with a pussy. Like I'm, dude, she can't beat that bro. Two for one, that's like a double token, right? You get to cake and eat it. Kind of both aspects. Yeah. So they flew me in. They flew me in. Yeah. It was a wild ride As 12 ride. I dunno if you saw Kanye West tweets the other day.


But I, I think one would relate very closely to you. Oh, What'd it say? Like if you had, if you were born or hermaphrodite, tell me you wouldn't stick your dick in your own pussy. That's A good point. Possibility. Yeah. You know what I mean? If you think about it, you're sitting around, well what could happen? Right? What could happen? But if you're with the boys, then all of a sudden you're solo dolo. Like now what's up? Right. That's good point. Alright, so you mentioned Biz. PFT Biz got assaulted today as our friend Ryan Whitney said worse than what the Irish Travelers did to him because Fox News ran a clip. They wrote a story on a clip from our podcast on Wednesday saying, XTE Canada Star says country will have national emergency of Team USA or Team loses to us in four Nation's Fi final, AKA, the All-Star game.


And then he got community noted and it said Bissonet may have played for Team Canada as a teenager in under 18 World Championships. He was far from a star then and could be considered the pinnacle of his career. Paul Biz Nasty never played for Canada again. His famous compost career as a media personality. Brutal. Yeah. But fair. Fair. But Brutal. Brutal. 'cause that's Community notes. Yeah. On x the everything Act. Yeah. It's all happening on X. Yeah. So, but yeah, it was, it was, it was a great All-star game. It was one of my favorite all-star games. I'll say That much. Yeah. I'd say it's probably this year. I'd say top two. Top two. Top two. Not two, I'd say. Yeah. Shaq, Chuck, team. Shaq. Shaq, Chuck one for the Hs. Yeah.


Alright, so oldie, we're gonna talk some other sports. You can chime in whenever you want. What do you, any thoughts on Weby being out for the year? Oh man, that's tough dude. That's, that's tough man. That's tough. Like coming in his rookie, big beast like that. And then all of a sudden he gets, what do he get a blood clot or something? Yeah, blood clot in his shoulder. Deep vein thrombosis in his shoulder. So they're gonna put him on blood thinners sucks. What's Going on Matt? So bad. And I think he was favorite to win rookie of the year. Correct. He was a rookie last year. He was at one point he Defensive the player of the year. Yeah, yeah. Defensive player of the year. Hes The player of the year. Sorry, player. There must be some big ass clots too. And like he got very large arms and It, I, I immediately think of Chris Bosch. Yeah. Because he ended up, he had an incredible career, but he had to retire at the end because of blood Clots.


I thought those might've been in his lungs. Yeah. So might have been. This is still serious. It's still serious. Still scary. So hope Wendy's okay. Yeah. It just sucks because I wanted to see Weby, you know, he's, he's having a great year. Hank you don't root for injuries, but you also do have a Jaron Jackson defensive player of the year ticket. I do, But I don't root for injuries. But you don't root for injuries. It's big of you. It went from plus 2200 to minus like 180. It it, you know, the Spurs probably weren't gonna make the Playoffs, but still they were, they had a chance to, you know, maybe get into the, sneak into the playing game. It still just sucks. I think they might have gotten into the playing game and I was just very much looking forward to watching Chris Paul losing the Playoffs and blame it all on him. And, and Racc.


Yeah. And Racc. Yeah. But unfortunately, I don't think we'll be able to do that this year. Yeah, It sucks. It sucks. Alright. What other sports is National Sports podcast? We probably shouldn't have even talked about all star games. MLB does have robot s now. I saw that. So they brought that in for, for the spring training games. Yep. And so there were a couple challenges. It has to be, I think the, the batter or the catcher, I dunno if the pitcher, maybe the pitcher is allowed to challenge a call. Yep. So it's not coming from the dugout, which I like, I like the fact that it's on the field and those guys have to make the call and see like, okay, does it really matter if I get the strike called against me? Right. Am I that important to the team to use a challenge? Then you have to like tip your cap at the umpire.


So you have to like say, fuck you. That was bad call in a very classy way. Yeah. And then it takes like 10 seconds and they have the Hawkeye thing. I kinda like it. Yeah. I I do, I do worry as always that when you take away umps, you, you take away like 50% of the conversations guys can have with each other. And that goes for refs and, and everything in sports. If you can't complain about the calls, what are we gonna talk about? It'd basically be like putting a ban on no discussion about the weather. Like you, what small talk can you do? If, if everything is robots and it's always perfect, but it's kind of cool. It Yeah, it is. I think it's gonna be fine. Especially 'cause I think they're limiting the amount of challenges. Yeah. So it's, it's okay.


It's like you get a bonus play. Like in football when they bring the, the chains out onto the field, you get that ten second pause and then you get to watch it again and then you get to react a second time to it. Maybe what They should have done is they should have made the robot s but it should have just been the robot should have just been Joe West. Yeah. That would've been cool. Wow. If Joe, you like that one? Oldie? Yeah. That's a great one. I just clicked onto that. I'm in now. Do you know who Joe West is? Absolutely not. No. You know, he is the worst dump in the league. Terrible. Do you have a, do you, do you root for the blue Jays? Yeah. You gotta, it's only, that's the only squadrant we got. Yeah. We got the Blue Jays. Yeah. Yeah. I watch Blue Jays baseball, but only if it's postseason.


Yeah. I'm not, I'm not a ball guy. I'm not a ball guy. Yeah. Puck guy. Slow game. Slow game. You just guy. Slow game. Very slow. Yeah. Like, Yeah, it's good. It's great. But I mean, no Offense. I always said if they had robot s that it's actually a robot. Yeah. Behind home plate. Like, like a, the Boston Dynamics dog. Yeah. Behind home plate. Yeah. That'd be nice. That'd be sick. Ashley. Wait. Yeah. Wait. You, you, you said I don't, I don't like it. It's, it's a slow game. It's a bad game, but not a fan. Yeah, it's an okay game. It's all right. Mm. Bottom, bottom of the four major sports for Sure. We'll rank 'em Hockey football, then to throw the NBA. Okay. And then we gotta drop to MLB Number four.


Can You explain something to us as a Canadian And MLS Ah, Well said. Well said. What happened? I didn't do anything there As a Canadian. What is a Rouge Rouge in Football? A rouge. Yeah. Canadian football. You guys have a rouge, right? It's the way that you can score something to do with a punt. Yeah. I don't know. I'm not a I'm not a CFL guy either. Who's, Who's your NFL team? Oh, Tampa Bay. Buck and Harris. Oh Yeah, that's right. You Said that. What about my boy? Yeah. That's outta nowhere, dude. You can't stop that guy. My boy's a beast. Evans. Who? Who are you talking About? Mike? Kevins Dude. The Guy's an animal. We the guy's an animal. We Should have played a guested game there. I thought you were talking about Gruden. Yeah, I thought Baker. Yeah. Oh dude. Yeah. But look at the guy catches. He's caught from Evans. He got from in Mayfield.


Yeah. Tom Brady. Okay. And then my boy crab stealing Jamis Winston back in college. Yeah. And he went 30 for 30. Yeah. Remember that? Yeah. Only quarterback to do that. And here I am still sitting, riding, going hard 'cause my boy Warren Sap, you know Mikey OT in the middle pumping guys Sydney and Rice. But Keisha Johnson on the outside who we talking about. And then Al, I tell him I'm a Bucks fan. You know how some of the boys were from Boston? They're always saying Yeah. 'cause Brady. 'cause Brady Mind your business with Brady. I was cheering on when Winston was still throwing picks guys 30 For 30. 30 for 30. Who does that? Who? Jamis.


Obviously. He's the only guy to do it still. Yeah. No one's gonna do that. Stupid record. It's a bad record. That was almost as bad as my threes today on the one net. Yeah. Not good. The only other one I had, the only other sports story is Zach Martin retired incredible career. I saw this stat. Chase Daniel tweeted out. Zach Martin finished with more All Pros nine than holding penalties. Seven. That's pretty incredible. That's insane. Also that also, also That also tells me that he was very good at holding and getting away with it. Yeah. Also, Zach Martin is, I, I know that we've been doing this for a long time. We're coming up on a decade and you know, we've been around And we, And we meet people all the time.


But it's still like, always blows my mind when we meet a really good football player. Really good, you know, sports player and, and they're like, oh yeah, I listened to you guys And we met Zach Martin at the Super Bowl week. He's like, yeah, I listen to you guys all the time. I was like, really? You're fucking Zach Martin. Yeah. You probably shouldn't listen to us. Yeah. You're the man. So incredible career. Yeah. Congrats. Incredible career for Zach. I'm very Glad that I don't have to play against you again. Yeah. Well any other stories? What? Oh, Oldie. No. Congrats. No, he's absolute weapon. Yeah. Absolute Weapon. And here he is. He's loving the boys. But you know what I mean? That's just as it shows you, you guys are the buttes. It's not him anymore. He's done wrapped up. He's putting groceries in the bags for the people at the store. A Walmart greeter. I don't know. You know, he's gotta carry on boys.


I love to stick around right now, but I got so much body flow. A body armor. Now I gotta catch a quick, you leaving? No, I gotta catch a quick piss break. Okay. I can't even hold. I'm gonna piss my pants here. But I can't do that though. I'm a 40-year-old man. I can't do that non-alcoholic either. That that's a bad look for Can't go Piss. Can't gimme a couple here. Don't shut her down. Okay. All right. We won't Shut her seven body armors. Right? Hey, of the flash IVs. Yeah, It was. Oh yeah. A lot of body armor reads. Hey oldie, while you're taking a piss, think of at the end of every show on Friday, we do fire fest. So whatever the worst thing that to you this week is okay. Or it could be the last month. Alright. Alright. Okay. Go take a fist. Might missing my pants If I don't hang Up. Bye. Okay, love you. He's coming. I love you. I thought he was gonna his hotel for a second.


I is too. I thought he was like, I, the guy's been here for fucking 13 hours. I thought he was like, you know what? That's it. I've had enough. Yeah. I'm outta here. He has his, his blood type is as close to cocaine as possible. Not that he's doing it. No He doesn't. He said he's never tried it. He's, he says that he's been told his entire life. We know what you're like. Never touch the stuff. Yeah. He's, he's an incredible, He acts like he just saw Josh Allen win MVP all the time. Yeah. Oh. Every single time. It's wild. But yeah, he's, he was, he's an incredible in credible dude. I've been Specimen. I Almost puked on the stream 'cause I was laughing so hard when he Did the Handstand, when he did the handstand, the side pouch with the side side pouch pussy.


That moment when his, when we first saw the side pouch and I was convinced. I was just looking at his ball sack. Yeah. And I just couldn't, he just like, no dude, this is, I think his words were, this could go on Disney right now. This is his ball. He's like, human body. Nothing wrong with this. Just a couple outs for the boys. Oh. He also brought a bunch of treats for us. And they were all great. That's, that's one the big takeaway from tonight is Canada, you have fantastic snack foods. Yeah. You do Like unbelievable snack foods. The, the coffee flavored chocolate bar, whatever that was called. Yeah. The, the coffee break Might be the best candy bar I've ever had. They got the all dressed chips. They've got the, the ketchup chips. They brought Timbits Timbits.


They've got the, the Smarties and their smarties are chocolate. Yeah. I listen an incredible job by Canada with the treats now, Now that oldie is not here. I mean, team Canada deserved to win that game. That with the way Bennington played. It was incredible. It was insane. Yeah. And, and that was an awesome, awesome hockey. He had three of the best STAs I've seen in a long time. Yeah. Just in overtime. Yeah. And it was a like incredible tournament. I hope they do that as often as possible because that was so good for Hockey. See you in 2026 though. Yeah. See you in 2026. We're ready to go. Alright, do we have anything else before we get to our interviews? Whew boys. Wow. Yeah. I almost never made it and believe it, believe it or not. But somebody turned the lights off. I don't know, some kind of sick joke.


But I had to like, good thing I piss so many times. I know where the pisser was And I started feeling the top and I heard the metal clanging. I knew that was the top where you can flush it Down. They're, I think they're censored lights. I don't think so, dude. What's going on? Are You a ghost? Do you exist? I, I believe so. I was out here bumping and grinding. I don't know if it's this, I don't know if it's this building. It's two and a half star dump or what's going on. But like He keeps calling this place at two and a half star dump. I mean He was playing hockey at like 10 30 in the morning, having the time of his life. He's like, yeah, I guess it's okay for a two and a half star dump. I just out here bumping and grinding like I want a bigger ceiling fans case to get too hot out there. You Know what I mean? Yeah. So oldie, we're just talking about the great snacks that you brought. Were there any, are there any American snacks that you don't get up in Canada that you really want?


Oh Dude. Reese's. The Reese's Pieces Lava cup. We get Reese's Pieces, but the Reese Big Reese's Lava Cup. The Lava Cup, bro. You ain't gonna deny that. Yeah, it's incredible. That's Incredible. Absolutely big and juicy, bro. Like if your mouth isn't like salivating or what's it called there? Yeah. Yeah. Nailed it. Yeah. Yeah. So good. Dude, that's a nice crunch with a nice, oh yeah. Reese's throwing in there with a quick body armor. Shaboom shaboom. You're ready to rock and roll all night, dude. Like, you know who's stop You. You're the best spokesperson. We might just hire you just to read ads. Great gig. Great Gig. And then what do I do? Just go back off and then go on.


Yeah, You just drink a body armor, then you come back off and right after 15 minutes have a Reese's Lava cup. You ever had These Truly unruly, Delicious. You Love them? Yeah. Oh, you should crush one of those. Yeah. For The bull. Yeah. Yeah. You want one crushed? Yeah. Yeah. Crush One. Yeah. Crush one Crush. The truly unruly. Alright, you got one? I'm coming in. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, I'm back in. Okay. See you guys in like 30 seconds. Don't go Anywhere though. We're calling the Right hand. We're not going anywhere. Oh man. What, what is he doing? 8% Alcohol. A hundred percent delicious. It's the best, the absolute best. It's the berry blast right there. Yeah. Have that. That right There. There you go. You got your Barry Black. Wait, go back in and do it on the mic so we can hear you.


Yeah. Oh, you Want to see the sucker? Chuck it back? Yeah. Yeah. Don't go anywhere. Right? We know where she goes now. Yeah. Don't go anywhere. We know where she goes. Right down the belly there. Okay, now. Oh, all right. He's back. He's back. He's gotta put on his, his cans. Do we have a truly read? No. Oh we did. Well we did. Oh we did one during the interviews. But yeah, truly unruly is the absolute best. 8% A BV. Absolutely delicious. Jens, I just wanna thank you very much. Appreciate that. You guys didn't take off in that 30 seconds. That Was pretty nice. Like that was real nice. Dude, That would've sucked to us if we were just gone.


Like that was a great, that was a great Canadian move. Like stick around for the boys. Yeah. Don't bounce on 'em. Right? Yeah. Don't like all later oldie, these guys are gone backdoor. And you guys stuck around like a true like, like we're gonna speak here. Truly unruly. Yeah. Very blast. Yeah. You hear that noise? That's noise of sweetness right there. Oh yeah. Oh. Truly In, in 4, 3, 2, 1. Hot shit. There it is folks.


It's Delicious. Right? Excuse Me. Oh, I could go now. That's a berry blaster from the pastor right there. Alright, oldie. Before we do our interviews, tell us real quick, you drive the bony backing home. Yeah, I used to drive the bony, now I'm pushing back snow in the old Happy 40. I bump and grind out there with the fire station two volunteer. Oh Nice. And you were a trash man before that Sanitary engineer. Come on. Sanitary engineer. Come on. We talked about this. There's a little more respect on, I'm sorry. Please gimme some credentials. You drove the trash truck though. Yeah, I drove the trash truck for 12 years. 12 Years. I used to do rear load. So we had two guys bumping and grinding.


Yeah. And we had the solo dolo front end. Excuse me Guys, that's a truly burp. I apologize. You can't hide that. Like nothing wants to stay in. It's like so much liquid in there. It's like, it's like the Gulf of Mex. It's like the Gulf of America now. Here. There you go. Correct. It's like a Big splash of golf America just splashing back and forth in the ring rod There. How, how would you rate your bony driving? Were you the best? Oh, it's gotta be a solid 8.4. Okay. Okay. Like I can't sit here and stand the cat's ass 'cause there's, there's gonna be bony drivers coming at me. Hot dude. Yeah, right. Like they're gonna be coming up from Canada. They're gonna be coming down here in Canada on the Bonies crossing the border.


Yeah. Tom, I'm going to get this boy, I'll show 'em a real flood. Would, would, would, would parents though complain about your bony driving? Some would just keep looking at you like you don't know what you're doing. But when I'm running flawless, no lines out there straight. Clear ice. Can't beat it, dude. Yeah. When was the last time you got into Tilly? Tilly who I used to get into quite a bit. Got Tilly's a fight for anyone. Oh, I know the, yeah, Well you said that and I didn't know what you were talking About. If no one knows Tilly, like wake up or I'll smell the coffee beans. You are gonna get dropped here, son. I don't wanna do it to you. But you're gonna have no front grill. I, I don't say you, you might gimme a couple sluggers, but I'm coming in hot. The Reason I ask is 'cause you, you came here prepared. You taped the wrists up tonight just in case you gotten one. Well you know how close op Did you think?


I do? I do. Did you think you were gonna get one tonight? Well, You don't know. You don't know what happens. You working in the corners like that. Right, right. One of the boys don't like it. Quick little slash quick little hack couple maybe, you know, a little dirty butt in. Yeah. Hands move Or an elbow. You don't like it right? Yeah. You Got a till. Anybody ever uppercut you right in that pouch and get their hands stuck in there like they're reaching out to pull their leg outta quicksand. No, no one's got stuck in there yet. No gander on that though. Yeah. No. One more Tillies. Not the too much crazy. I used to play the lacrosse. Used to be able to go the guy if you want. Yeah. If, I mean if I'm looking at you, I, I can tell right off the bat that's a guy you don't want to get into a tilly with. Yeah. And it doesn't matter to the guy. Big, small or tall. Give him a give him a run. Yeah. You wanna go it wrong. What you brung? You want one?


Yeah. You know what I mean? You're six four. Wrong what you brung? You're, you're five eight. Bring it. Yeah. I dunno what to tell you. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know exactly what you mean. Alright, let's, let's get to our interviews oldest. Gonna stick around for Fire Fest. We got Rick Patino and then Super Bowl Champ. Cooper Deje.


Okay, before we get to Coach Rick Patino, we were brought to you by our friends at Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability in the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer Saturday Sunday with the truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips. DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado is a perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. Recently they helped us give Fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. So learn more about Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com Chevrolet. Together let's drive the Trail Boss gives you an extra two inch lift so maybe Hank can finally dunk. It's also 495 pounds of torque. Learn more about the Silverado Trail boss@chevy.com Chevrolet, let's drive.


We're also brought to you by our friends. At truly, let's get unruly. We love truly unruly. The Strawberry Smash is my personal favorite. Truly unruly is the first high A BV hard seltzer that actually tastes good. It tastes delicious. In fact, truly unruly is a hard seltzer that breaks all the rules. Drinks light parties hard with 8% A BV. It hits hard but still tastes amazing. Comes in four fresh flavors. Tropical Twist Berry blasts, citrus Crush Strawberry Smash. My personal favorite. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit www truly hard seltzer.com. What's your favorite PFTI like the Berry smash. Berry Smash Berry Blast. Excuse me. Berry Blast Berry Blast. And I am the Strawberry Smash you Citrus Crush guy. Hank, I think you are. I think Hank's Citrus Crush. Sure am. Absolutely. So we got all the flavors. Tropical Twist, Berry Blast, citrus Crush, strawberry Smash. 8% A BV Tastes absolutely delicious. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take Find truly unruly at a store near you or is it truly hard seltzer.com.


Okay, here he is, coach Rick Pitino. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest, recurring guest. It is Head coach of St. John's basketball. Rick Pitino, back in studio. Coach, thank you so much for coming back in to our office. You have the documentary guys, the show is out now. You can watch it on Vice. I watched the first episode, it's called Red Storm Rising, it feels like since you were last year. So last year you guys didn't make the tournament. You now have a show about you. You're the 10th team in the, in the country. Feels like everything Patino Ball is starting to work at St.


Johns. Is that fair to say? Yeah, The biggest surprise I've had, it's very tough to pack Madison Square Garden and, and we're, it's a pro town as Chicago is and we're like the 10th, 11th Pro team. So I, I thought we could be competitive this year. Didn't know how good we would be. You never do with the NIL stuff. But packing Madison Square Garden with all St. John's fans, not half Connecticut or 5,000 Villanova the other night was amazing to me. We already moved the Seton Hall game from campus to the garden. Sold 16,000 seats. So that's been the biggest surprise for me and and very exciting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And how much access do these guys have behind the scenes with you? Oh, they're there a couple times.


I've asked 'em to leave, but they're there. They catch it. Like next episode, Taek Brown, who's the point guard of the National Championship Connecticut team goes off crazy. And I was in in the other room and I come in and he goes berserk and they captured the whole thing. So Yeah, I mean they got a great clip of you from the other night. The, was it the halftime speech? Yes. SI think it was at halftime you just kind of unloaded on your team. You just let 'em know everything that was wrong with them. You guys need to toughen the fuck up. I think you said, did you know after you gave that speech, you're like, I nailed that. No, I wasn't thinking that way. We were down like 10, 12 points and what's been bothering me the whole year with my team is they count their misses.


So we're not the greatest three point shooting team, but if my guys miss a couple of free throws, a couple of threes, they won't take 'em anymore. And it drives me crazy because they're wide open. Everybody's packing the lane on us and I keep telling them, shoot, I told the other day, if you hear me say shoot it or kill it, you must shoot the ball. So they kept hanging their heads every time they missed, every time they missed a free throw, they'd hang their heads. And it got to a point I said, you guys gotta toughen up man. This is, this is not only the game of basketball, this is the game of life. You guys face a little adversity and you're wilting. It can't be you. You gotta be tougher, you gotta learn. And it was from the hut. Yeah. But I was trying to win a game. It It, it was great because I do think that especially in college sports right now with the transfer portal and NIL, there's a lot of people that are like, hey, tough coaching doesn't really happen as much anymore because guys are getting paid and guys can jump from one school to the next.


So I feel like that was a pretty good promo for what you still stand for and your coaching style. And I think there are kids out there that still want that. They wanna be coached hard. Well both of you know this, your favorite teachers are the ones that were toughest on you and taught you the most. And today you can be tough on the team but you can't be tough on 'em individually in front of the team. Yeah. If you wanna be tough individually, you call 'em in your office, you go one-on-one and you tell 'em the way you feel and get feedback collectively as a team you can get after them and they'll be very receptive. Most of them will say, oh, he's not talking about me. Right. Somebody else. Right. So did you notice a difference? Have you seen anything already since you gave them that speech?


Like they missed a shot? It's been a, a little bit about 50% better. But that part of the season we've had some issues where we've had to correct some major, major flaws in the way we go about things. And today in the last like 10 games, we've corrected them, they're confident. They're also not about themselves. It is about the team. I don't only qari as a freshman at Syracuse has experienced the NCAA tournament and Zubie did at his first year at Kansas, but didn't play at all. Yeah. I I I also think you're like your team defense. I, I love watching you guys play. The Connecticut game, I think it was two weeks ago, was a perfect example where you guys got punched in the mouth.


It was a, a crazy crowd at stores. You're down, I think you were down like 16, 18 or early and you guys got back in that game. But watching that game, you didn't get back in the game 'cause you started hitting shots, you got back in the game 'cause of defense. You started, you started making everything tough for Yukon and then getting, you know, getting back in the game by shutting them down first, which I don't feel like you see very often anymore. Yeah, well you pick up a stat sheet with us sometimes. I am just marvel at our guys that we're winning the game the other day against Creighton. We're shooting 30 something percent, 50 something percent from the foul line. I think we were poorly from the three point line as well. And we're up one Yeah. Based on turn force turnovers and offensive rebounds.


We're a great offensive rebounding team because we miss a lot. Yeah, Yeah. So wait, how do you fix that? Because I know the, the watching the first episode, which I I everyone should go watch it 'cause it is really very well done. But I watched the first episode and there was a lot talking about Qari Richmond who's, you know, your star player in, in fixing his shot. Ha have you noticed that his shot has gotten better and how, how does that process even work? Like is He, it gets better in in our player development sessions but in the game he still goes back to the little hitch that he does have. But what we are trying to do more than anything else is, is give them the confidence to take it. And, and then more than we, I've changed last time I was, I was here with you, we were talking about the drills we do for three point shooting and our player development.


So this year I found that we have five different shooting drills that we do And we, we chart each day and it was the lowest even lower than Iona of all the places I've worked. So I realized at that point we weren't gonna be a great three point shooting team. So we started working on what Kevin Durant works on the mid-range game and I've gone from a big proponent to a three point shot. Right now we are shooting like almost 68% from about 12 to 15 feet. Yeah. And we've worked very hard at that. And r j's gotten great at Ari's great at it. Most of all players can are really, really talented at the mid-range game. Yeah, Yeah. You're playing to your strengths right now. Yeah. So it's interesting you mentioned, I think you were kind of joking, but you get a lot of offense rebounds 'cause you missed a lot of shots.


There are shots though that result in a higher percentage offensive rebounds aren't there? I I think Kelvin Samson in Houston's the greatest proponent of that. I mean they are unbelievable offensive rebounding team Now. He is, he does have a better shooting team this year. But if you are an average shooting team, which I think we are, we're average something nice, we're decent, we've gotta be a great offensive rebounding team. And we also have to keep our turnovers down the other day against Creighton. I believe we had five or six turnovers in the game. Yeah, I I So a quote that you had, and I, I love this because it is very coach speech speak. So I want, I want you to maybe tell me exactly what, what this means. But you said nothing changes.


If nothing changes. I liked it. It's like the standard is the standard football guys usually Say that. Yes. I, I I stole that from my wife's mother-in-law. Okay. And it was an Irish expression she got from her mother and who had an Irish brogan. Nothing's gonna change if nothing changes. And I tell these guys, I tell Kaari this all the time. I say Kaari, it's not gonna change your shot's not gonna change with the 42 minutes with me if you don't get in the gym. Like Donovan Mitchell got in the gym every single night to improve his arc. It's not changing. You're not changing bad habits just by showing up. I said, you've better work at that and work at that and work at that. And Donovan certainly did it and Ari's not mastered that yet.


Yeah. I I just love the quote because it's one of those, it, when you hear it first you're like, that's kind of dumb. And then you're like, oh shit, that actually means something. Nothing changes. If nothing changes. Yeah. There's two different, nothing changes. 2D nothings though the nothing, the first nothing is the one you want change. Right. The second nothing is the work you have to put in to make the nothing change you have to change. Right. Yeah. Yeah. And and the other thing is I've always believed coming off of the 2013 championship at Louisville, you know, I was really concerned about the team And we had a quite a few players back and somebody to look, if it's not broken stick with your game plan of 2 2 1 to a matchup press. I said, nah, you know what, if nothing's broken, break it. You gotta make it better because everybody's going to be prepared for it.


Everybody's gonna steal it. And that's, I believe that as well. If nothing's broken, don't stay the same, break it and make it better. Innovate, get creative. And I don't believe in staying the same. You've gotta change and yeah, as we get closer to the tournament, we have to put in five new plays that they're not gonna see. Yeah. From tournament time. Yeah. So there's a stat that I saw earlier today that in the last 13 years since 2012, there have been two teams that have made the final four. If they're shooting, I believe under 34% from three, you coach 2012 Louisville shot 31.8 from three, got to the final four, 2013 Louisville, 33.1 from three, got to the final four this year.


I believe you're at 29.3. So if there's a coach that can get a team that sometimes struggles from the outside of the Final four, it would be you. Do you feel like this team, the, the tournament format, do you feel like that sets up nicely for the style play you guys have? Well I think I've been blessed with so many different types of teams. My 96 championship team, I thought my second unit could have won it. We had like seven, eight pros on the team. The 2000, the 87 Providence team was Billy Donovan and a bunch of guys that were just great guys and worked hard. But we had great shooters on the wing. My 2005 team at, at Louisville was just great shooters on the wing. Neither team was great defensively.


Then the two teams you mentioned were great defensively struggled a little bit, but there were great off the bounce players. Peyton Siva, Russ Smith, they could take Luke Hancock, they could take you off the bounce. And the same thing is true with RJ Louise with this team. Kaari Richmond, Simeon Wil, they can take you off the bounce. So I don't worry about that stat too much as long as we're shooting the two point shot at a high number, which we are. Yeah. Are you starting to get illusions of grandeur with this team? 'cause that was the other thing you said early on. You're like, I don't, I I I liked it. 'cause a lot of coaches won't be as honest as you where you're like, I don't have illusions of grandeur for these guys yet. Like, are they good? I don't know. We haven't played anyone. We gotta find out.


So are you starting to think, hey, this team is a dangerous team. Come March My, my post-game speech the other night, I asked Vice to leave it and I said, look guys, just want to tell you right now, you have done something that I didn't think you could do. I didn't think you could pack Madison Square Garden I didn't think would happen in two years. So all the credit goes to you, you're on top of the Big East, which is amazing. All the credit goes to you. But understand now your life takes on a new meaning because now people want more and more and more. And I told them what you guys just repeated about some of the teams I've coached that weren't super talented team, like the 96 team, and the sky's the limit, but you must do the following things.


And I went through it, you must take your game now to a new level because March Madness is right around the corner. Right? Yeah. And, and they were pumped up about it. I said, but you guys, what you doing to me? I marvel at it. And then I said something, I said, look, I don't know guys, I'm 72, I'm having a blast. I said, if I'm blessed enough to coach three or four more years, so be it. If I go out this year and you guys make an incredible run, so be it. But I just wanna let you know how gratifying it is to watch you reach these heights. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And there is, there's something about Rick Pitino in the second years that you've been able to do it. What is, what is that? Because you know, they, they showed it in in the first episode.


But Providence second year, you go from a 17 and 14 team to a Final four Kentucky, they people will think, oh he, how can you turn around Kentucky? It's Kentucky. No, they had the death penalty there. You guys were ineligible. You turned them around Louisville, same thing. Iona. And now the second year at St. John. What is it about like the second year that you're able to do this and have these big bounces? I think you gotta develop with a basketball team how much you hate losing. You gotta develop that out, how much you despise losing. And then when you lose, you're willing to do anything to correct those mistakes and you build it. Not that you're a sore loser, but that you gotta hate losing inside. You've gotta hate to lose. So if you're down 14 with six to go, you have to have the belief you're gonna come back and win that game because you hate to lose.


And I think we instill that it takes a year to instill that. But these guys feel it right now and they hate to lose. They, I told them today, we have the poll tonight. I said, guys, the poll can beat anybody in this league. They were up for at Marquette last week. Late in the game, we saw what Connecticut did to Seton Hall and, and I told them, I said, let's take Connecticut as an example. If they would've lost the Seton Hall and now they have nine or 10 losses and they lose to us or somebody else, will they go to the tournament 11 and 12. And they're a outstanding team in superbly well coached. I said, so you have to understand this is just the beginning right now with five games left. Yeah. Yeah. This might be a dumb question, but along those same lines, can a team win too much?


Like is it good from a coach's pers obviously you wanna win every game you play and every game you coach, but it's useful sometimes to have a bad loss where you can light a fire to their ass. Right? So how do you keep that going if, if you're on such a, a great streak and you keep, you know, beating teams that maybe some people think that you shouldn't beat. Yeah. I think it's a great question. It happened. Great question happened to me one time in 96, young Chicago kid named Antoine Walker. We are playing, we were on a run that was incredible. The average margin of victory, I think in the SEC at that time was 26 points. And the SEC was very strong back then. So we were killing everybody. And we go into the tournament, we've won every year, the tournament, and I said, boy, I'd love, I'd love to not win it this year.


Hmm. Because we were so invincible beating people and Antoine Walker. I took him outta the game. I said, great defense, Twan, will you keep him in front of you? He said, I did. They didn't switch. He gave, he gave me a very honest answer. I said, you're done for the night. And I knew if I kept him out, we'd have a chance of losing. So He sure enough won. The Mississippi State players sat on the ground. Now we tried to win the game. Yeah. Yeah. We did everything possible. Bean wasn't gonna play. I forgot his name. He played in the pros, six seven forward, sat on the ground and shot the ball from the ground with no time. And we lost in the finals. And I was happy. I knew at that point we're gonna win national. Yeah. It just gives the motivation.


Yeah. That's like, but with this team, to answer your question, no. We, we, we had four losses. Yeah. We don't need to lose. Right. You don't need that at this point. Yeah. And that shot goes in. Did you have to act like you were really upset in the moment? Yeah, I was. I was going to get all over Antoine, because Antoine was great to coach. I mean, he drove me crazy because every single day he'd come up to me during practice. He, he was a trash talker all the time. And he would say, coach, do me a favor. Get Ron. Ron Mercer. Get, get Ron off of me. He's gonna lose his confidence. We need him to play well next game. Put somebody else on me. Yeah. And he would do that to me. The whole practice coach, get him off me. You're gonna kill his confidence. You Yeah. The, the, that early season lost to Baylor. I, I know that, you know, you can't comment on it, but you did cover two and a half, so thank you for that.


But the ball was what upsets me about that. The ball was in his hands. I know. And the referee didn't have a stopwatch. Didn't take a look at that. I know. I mean, you have to do that. I know. So, I'm, I'm counting it that we've only had three losses. Yeah. That, I mean, and also very weird. I mean, you're playing in a, in a, like a conference room. Yeah. In, in The Bahamas. Yeah. In the ballroom. Yeah. I mean, it's great to play in it, but the, the courts are always slippery. Yeah. The clock wasn't very well adjusted. It was a great game. I remember wa when I was watching the episode, I was like, I remember sitting on my couch watching this whole game. Back and forth, double overtime. Like, awesome.


Quick break from coach to talk to you about our friends at Redwood Outdoors. If you're like me, you've given a lot of thought on how to improve your health and wellness routine this year. I've given a lot of thought. I gotta get in better shape trying to, trying to get strong again. So to help elevate your wellness routine, meet our new sponsor, Redwood Outdoors, and experience the transformative benefits of contrast therapy with a sauna and cold plunge. A Redwood outdoors backyard sauna, seats two to eight and provides the ultimate in deep relaxation, reduced muscle tension, improved circulation, improve sleep, and so much more. Redwood Outdoors. Invigorating backyard cold plunge challenges your body boosting circulation and promoting mental clarity while invigorating your senses and boosting your mood. I'm gonna be a cold plunge guy in 2025 here, here first. I'm gonna start doing it every single day. So enhance your physical and mental wellness routines with Redwood Outdoors. Take advantage of special savings today. Visit redwood outdoors.com. Use code take to save $175. That's Redwood outdoors.com code take to save $175 on your order. Redwood outdoors.com code take become a cold plunge person, makes you feel so alive in the morning. You get in that cold plunge, three minutes in the cold plunge, and you feel juiced up for the day. So go right now. Redwood outdoors.com code take for to save $175. That's redwood outdoors.com code take.


Okay, here he is. Back to Coach Rick Pitino. I have So you, you've been doing this for a long time. You're No, you know, you're, you're not new to criticism. I wanted to read some criticism that maybe came from a college basketball expert at Barstool Sports, and I want you to comment on it. Okay. Okay. This is th this is what this person said. This is from, actually, I think the day you were hired at St. John's. He said, facilities stink. Best players in area leave. NYC garden doesn't draw, haven't made conference semi since 2000. How do you fix that? Hire a 70-year-old man with no successor plan. Patino will make them a story and draw attention. But this is a stop gap. That is a, that's a college basketball quote unquote expert Look.


And not a lot of coaches are coaching in their seventies. You know, I do it because I love it. Tony Bennett just left a brilliant coach. Some people want to co keep coaching. I, you know, I, because I sat out two years from the game, I realized how I, I can't live without it. Being around the guys keeps you young. You are always working out to stay young. You are always doing things. You're active. I already had the experience of retirement for two years and I didn't like it too much. So I think we do have a su a successful plan. Yeah. You know, I, I think my, my assistant coach, Stevie Maci would be a great succession to me leaving.


He was my New York Nick Ball boy at age 14. He went with me at Louisville. He was gonna have a great team in Manhattan before he, he left there. He's a New York guy. So I think we have that plan. Now, I don't pick that. Certainly Ed Cola, a great athletic director will pick that. I do think I'm, I got a good run in me left. Yeah. You know, I hope God willing, But, but I mean, this person said, garden doesn't draw you. You literally are drawing the garden now. Yeah. That, that I am surprised with selling out. Yeah. You know, But you proved him wrong in, in a year and a half. Yep. So is Rico Bosco guy? He's, he's, it's, who's that junk? It's junk Take what's his name? Rico Bosco. No. So Rico does work with us and he, we had like a big debate.


He's obsessed with this succession plan thing where he is like, well, what are they gonna do after Patino leaves in like six or seven years? Like, what does it matter if he, if he goes and he has a six, seven year run at St. Johns, they win. You're not gonna take one of the best basketball coaches of all time for those six or seven years. It's Insane. Well, you guys, you guys, I'll ask you a question. What's the succession plan at Virginia right now? Right. What's the succession plan at Miami right now? With Jim? You know, who knows what it is? Right? You don't know the future horse. And I will say this, St. John's, the only mistakes they made with ads or coaches is they, St. John's is a different job. It's an inner city, a commuter school. I believe you gotta hire a Northeast person who understands St.


John's. You have to understand. 'cause it's different than any place I've ever worked. So it has to be a Northeastern has close ties to New York, to the Subway alumni. 50% of our season ticket holders are not alumni. Right. So you've gotta know that the NIL save St. John's probably the NIL saved DePaul because when you have the NIL now, so it's not about football, it's not about the campus, it's not about, it's about playing in the Big East, playing at Madison Square Garden and your professional athlete. Yeah. So it, it helped us immensely. Just promise me this, when Rico Bosco, when you guys make a Final Four run and he ask for a jumpsuit to and jump on the bandwagon, just, you gotta, I'll give the tweet to one of your guys on staff and just, just so you have it.


And he'd be like, are you the same guy? Because he will, he'll ask to get a jumpsuit and be like, oh, I always love Patino. Well, he, that Guy's also a Nate Oats mouthpiece. Yeah, he is. So whatever. Yeah. He, that's problem. He prob Nate Oats probably texted Rico said, do you mind putting this statement out right now? Yeah. They're worried about St. John's. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So how, how has that, that statement from Rico looked in terms of recruiting guys from New York? Well, to tell you the truth, I I, I don't, we've, we recruited very few guys from New York. Right now we have Qari as a transfer from New York. I think he's our really only New Yorker. Jayden Glover lived in New Jersey. He's originally from New York. I, I think New York is more attractive away from New York than in New York.


I agree that as somebody who used to live in New York. Yeah. I, I like look at it and I'm like, I could go back to the village and walk around a little bit, hit a few bars. The second I get to Midtown, I'm like, Nope. Going back. Yeah. Well, I grew up in New York and I, I didn't wanna stay in New York. I wanted to travel to another campus, another place and, and go away to college. So with the NIL, it's changed the game completely. Now I, I like the NIL and it's like, if you were to Philadelphia, 70 sixes is your money being spent wisely. They're getting knocked all the time on TV about, about some of the moves they made. Well, injuries a part of the game and, and, and beads been hurt. This guy's been hurt. So they, the money is, is not panning out where the Oklahoma Thunder, it's really panning out.


Incidentally, I, I show almost four times a week clips of the Oklahoma Thunder defense to our guys. Mm. Because I know the pro thing will really excite them. Lou Dot Yep. And, And we show the way they play defense. The way they play defense is like college defense. Yeah. Yeah. They all, they're all over people. Yeah. That's, that's a fact. So you're, you've been accepted back at Kentucky, which has to feel good because there's been a long time where Yeah. That wasn't the case. And now Cal's going through the same thing where he got booed and he's on the outside. What, what has it been like with, you know, Mark Pope now being there? I, I think you even got a little criticism from maybe being too pro Kentucky, but I, I thought it was cool. It was like one of those moments like, Hey, I had the heights of my success here, and I'm finally being welcomed back into Big, big Blue Nation.


It was a great moment. You know, it, I made a statement that Kentucky should Shea John Calipari, when he goes back, they won a national championship. And I said, I, because I knew firsthand how much it hurt me being booed by, by 24,000 people today. I understand it going to Louisville, but I didn't go from Kentucky to Louisville. I went from Kentucky to Celtics to Louisville. I understand it, but it made me feel great being welcome back. And it wasn't a taking a shot at Louisville because I Ruth the Louisville because they had Peyton Siva on their staff. Right. And I, I root for my players. I've always rooted for my players. I watch 'em on TV in the pros. I watch him coaching Mick Cronin in UCLA, Billy Donovan with the Bulls.


All my guys out there when Travis Floyd was with St. Louis, Mark Pope. Now I just, Kevin Willett at Marilyn, I've just roofed from my guys. Yeah. Yeah. So there's a, an update to Joe Lunardi's Bracketology that came out, I think last week. Do you pay any attention to that when Joseph? Not this time of year, but he was wrong last year. He's usually on the money. Well, he also went to sleep, right? Yeah, he did. He went to sleep. Yeah. When the brackets came out, he was just like a piece I'm Out. No, it was conference championship Saturday. That right. It was, it was before. It was at night. He's like going to bed. What do you mean that's the most important Bed right after work? Yeah. Right now, I don't think he can pay too much attention to it. Yeah. Well, I I think sometimes he likes to put in these matchups that catch your eye and then you're like, oh, imagine if those teams played. I think he has you guys playing against Kentucky in the round of 32.


Mm. That would be interesting. Mm. I would love it. Yeah, I'd love it because we got to the 32, we got by, you know, the first round. So no, I, I think Kentucky's probably a polar opposite basketball team than us. They are a brilliant offensive team. Although we get a lot of assists per game. We, we have a high number of assists. Kentucky is a five out basketball team. We're not, we are a terrific defensive team, offensive rebounding team. We're great off the bounce, but I, I would love it, obviously. Can you just promise us one thing that if, if you do end up playing against Kentucky in the tournament, you break out the white suit. Ooh. Can you They Didn't have a white out this year. That was disappointing. Can you do the white suit suit again?


The, the white suit against Kentucky. I've spent a lot of money. I've wor one time. Yeah, That would be nice. And we need to see that. Yeah. The white suit would be pretty cool. Break it out for old times Sake. I think you should Wait. So we were talking a little bit before, but how are, how are your horses doing? So, I had a win the other day. I don't own too many of them anymore. And my ownership is a lot of guys we I own, but the one horse I do own a hundred percent of one the other day, New York br with a 92 buyer called Alo de Great. Named after my agent in Greece. And he's become like a little brother to me and alo de great one. And I was super excited about that. Yeah. That's where, where did he win? You wanted the Pegasus Aqueduct.


Oh, okay. Aqueduct. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's, I mean, You know, New York bred pots of, of, of substantial, yeah. So you can, if you have a good New York bread, you can make some money. Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was in Greece this summer and I think I was flying out on the day that you were flying in because it was the, what, what tournament was that? That Greece was playing? It was, I forget, but your old team was playing, I think. And you Flew in. They won the championship Punnet Nikos last year. They won the Euro League championship. There you go. So I was flying out the day you were flying in. You had told us that when we had you on, on Kentucky Sports Radio. So I spent about 30 extra minutes just walking around the terminal, just seeing if I saw Rick Potato come in, like, welcome you to Greece. When you go back to Greece, how do they treat you? Oh, they treat me great. Better than even when I was a coach at Kentucky.


The people there just love basketball. What I do is I take two friends of mine And we go to two different, or three different islands for eight days every summer. So last year we went to Milos, a PATOS and anti patos. And we take, there's over 120 islands in Greece. When you go to Greece, Athens is good for one night. Yep. A day and a half. Yeah. You go to a Pat Onion and you see some of the local sites, but then you go to the islands and that's what makes it fun. Yeah. Yeah. So what is it about Greece that has such a special basketball culture? You know, most of Europe is all soccer and soccer's very popular in Greece, but not more popular than basketball. They, they rival each other because PCOS and Olympiacos, the two great teams that when they play each other, they put a, they put a net around the court.


That's how violent it could be. And when we walk in, you'll have 50 police with Shields as you walk in the building. So it's, it's one of the fiercest rivalry in all of sports. But they love it and they win. They win a lot of Euro League championships. Yeah. So last year you guys obviously didn't make the tournament. Did you think you were right on that bubble and like, Hey, we had a chance. How does that work on selection Sunday, where you're like, I think maybe we have a chance here. Back in the New York Post said Johnny's a dancing. Oh. And we just beat Creighton. We played great. We got to the first time to the quarter finals. We were playing great basketball. Yeah. I was, I had a little darkness of doubt. But everybody else had us in, as it turned, we weren't even close.


Yeah. We, we weren't even last far out. I was more surprised. Seton Hall had 13 Big East wins and they didn't get in. So Max, our producer back there, he's a Villanova guy, also Italian. He claims, and I want to know what you think about this, he claims that that Seton Hall, St. John's being left out, the Big East is an Italian league. And that was anti Italian discrimination. What do you Think? Yeah, 100%. Okay. Alright. Alright. Yeah. So he was right. He, after selection study, he is like, this is just anti Italian discrimination. They just want to keep the Italians out of the tournament. Yeah. But I think Shaheen has some Italian blood in them too. Yeah, yeah, exactly. You know, I, I do believe, I do believe that definitely Seton Hall deserved it.


I thought we, what was amazing to me for the first time, and not because we didn't make it, I thought it was the first time the chair of the committee knew very little about the game of basketball. I'm sure he is a fabulous ad, but I, I don't understand why they don't have Coach k Roy Williams putting basketball people in on that. Every year. Guys like Jim Heim and Roy Williams and Coach K would be happy to be on those committees. Yeah. And when, when they're talking about Duke, Syracuse or, or North Carolina, they, they leave the roof accuse Themselves. Yeah. But they Have those guys there, they're looking and then I, I, I just wanted to know, so I called some people on the committee and said, okay, what metrics did you use and what am I missing? Because we were, I think 29 in the net. I think we were like 18 or 19 in Pomeroy.


And they all had different metrics that they were using. They weren't all together using the same common denominators. Yeah. Yeah. And they probably had minus five for Italian. Yes. They, They bump you down. Yeah. There was just a little asterisk there. Are you in favor of expanding the tournament? I am. Because I don't think it hurts it. I don't, I don't think it hurts it. I think it getting more teams is is exciting. It's the one thing. So when I was your age, back in the day, starting out as a head coach, We're older than you think. How old do you think we're older than you think just guys early? We just, we just 40. Okay. Yeah. So I I was gonna say 35, 36. Okay. I appreciate that. Yeah. So Back then, college basketball and college football was on the same level.


The NBA and the NFL were on the same level. Starting at, this is like 30, 40 years ago today, a bad college football game, a mid May, Ohio u playing somebody on a Saturday will outra an NBA playoff Game. Yeah. Now, is that gambling? Is it football just marketed so much better? I don't know, but the one thing we do have is March Madness. Yep. So anything to make it better. If it's not broken, break it and make it better. And I don't think it hurts anything Yeah. To have, have more TV exposure. Yeah. I mean, it, it is true Football has completely consumed American culture unlike anything we, we thought would be possible. And you know, like it's, it's the debate. Is the NBA broken?


Is the, is major League baseball broken? It's like, yeah, maybe they've gone down a little, but I think it's more that the NFL has just just taken over everything to a level that we didn't never expected. It, it, it blows me away. It really does blow me away. I'm happy about it. In one sense. Disappoint another sense. I'm a Miami Dolphin season ticket holder. For those two years I was out and I had, I had a great time going to the games with my, with my children. The bad thing, what I don't like right now is that I don't, I don't, I don't see UCLA and USC traveling to go play Penn State and Rutgers and teams like that. Yeah. It makes no sense to me. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It, the rivalries of, of UCLA and USC and some of the other programs on the West Coast, to me, I would never be in favor of that.


It's An odd fit for sure. Yeah. How, how do you feel with the NIL and transfer portal? Because it's, it's funny, you've, you've gone the reverse of some of your contemporaries where like Coach K has retired. Tony Bennett, like you mentioned, Heim, Roy Williams. A lot of these guys feel like they've gotten out because of the transfer portal and NIL and having to play a different game. You've kind of almost run into the fire and been like, I'm ready for it. I'm ready for The challenge. I, I like it because I spent 10 years in the pros and to me it's, it's almost a carbon copy of the Euro League. The Euro League. If you sign a player for two years, that's a long time. So it's really a one year contract. You're getting different players every year. And that's the way it with us now, fortunately for us, we haven't lost our freshmen yet.


Our freshmen have come back. So this year we're losing, we're not even looking at a high school basketball player. We're, look, we're losing Aaron Scott, Ari Richmond and, and Davon Smith. So we're looking for three transfer guys. And I like it. I don't get involved in the financial negotiations of any of that, but if we need more money, I'll call our guy Mike Ley And say, we need more money. Yes. He's ready to go. Wait, so you're not even looking at any college or high school kids? No, not this year. So I, if a five star high school kid calls you up and is like, Hey, I know you're not looking for, but I want to come to St. John's, I probably Wouldn't take 'em because I, I I don't think you can win and win big with high school kids. Huh?


I don't, I really don't believe It Sounds like there's one high school kid that's really good that you're right now just saying, we, we don't even want you play Hard to get, this is smart. You're Playing hard to get with recruiting. I wish it was true now. Good recruiting. Yeah. That's really smart. Yeah, exactly. Wait, so, so that's the kind of guy that you would want, right? The guy that was that kept knocking on your door. No question. Yeah. Nothing changes if nothing changes. So that's an interesting point that you just made though. Do you think that your time in Greece has made you a better, like, have a leg up in the NIL and transfer world in college basketball? So we all make mistakes as we talked. You make mistakes in the pros with who you draft. You know, I tried to convince the years, I, I, I begged the New York Knicks to take Donovan Mitchell I think at six and not at 12.


I said, look, this guy's better than you think he is. And they took Frank, Nick and Nikita or something like that. Yeah. From France, I think it was. So you gotta really study these guys. First of all, is it just about money? Is that why they're staying in college or they really into winning? Are they gonna be part of that? I hate to lose attitude. So you gotta really study them. You gotta talk to their trainers. You gotta talk to the assistant coaches that may have moved on. You got, you gotta really do your homework and your research on this. And we, And we, we, we really do our homework on all of this. Yeah. Because it does feel like there are teams, it's kind of like free agency in sports where they've won the off season and they've got, you know, this transfer and this transfer and the parts just don't fit together.


And you're in the G league and you're making 75 to a hundred thousand dollars. Or you can go to college and make 600,000 or 400,000. Yeah. So you're gonna stay in college, but are you getting them for the right reasons? Okay. The money's great. And most of these guys what I can appreciate, they help out their families. Yeah. They're not spending it on themselves. They're really helping out their families. They're getting their families into better situations. So I'm, I'm, I'm great with that, but I wanna make sure we're getting guys that just, just have that desire where they really, really inside hate to lose. Yeah. Yeah. And just probably, also just think about basketball all the time. What, what's a an appropriate amount of time for like one of your star players to spend actually working on basketball during the Course of a week?


Well, he's my, he's the greatest hypocrisy of it all. I mean, here the guys are making, I hear stories. I don't believe all of them, they're make anywhere from 1.5 million to a hundred thousand. Now you're gonna tell 'em they can only work 20 hours a week. Right. I mean, it's, it's hip. The ncaa, I've always said this about them, they are never proactive. They're always reactive. Remember the young man from Connecticut, I forgot his name, that he said he was starving at night, be six foot court player. I forgot his name, but he said he was starving at night and he didn't have any money for food. And now they started a refueling station where now you can have a place 24 hours a day to have food. So they reacted to his statement. Right. And they're always reacting. They're never proactive.


The fact that we have a 20 hour rule right now is, is absurd. Now, we don't spend 20 hours now this part of the season because we don't want to get injured. Right. But in the beginning, in the summertime, they give you five hours a week. That's crazy. Yeah. Eight Hours with, with strength, I think it's four hours, actually. Four hours of basketball, four hours of strength training. That's absurd. Yeah. Guys are there for the summer to work out, get better and prove it. It's the opposite of the mamba mentality. I mean, Kobe, Kobe Bryant who believes in that, taking it to a new level. And that's that mamba mentality. And I'm a firm believer in everything Kobe Bryant stood for with that. Yeah. What are your conditioning drills? Just as hard as they used to be. Yeah. But we condition with basketball.


I'm not a big suicide guy. I am not a big guy running on the track. Everything we do is running with a basketball. It's nonstop fast break basketball. And that, that's the way you should condition. Yeah. Because basketball's a different form of, you know, I used to be a run of, I would run six, eight miles a day and, and triumph for speed and, and I'd go in the gym and play three on three and I was exhausted. Right. It's just a different cardiovascular altogether. Yeah. Yeah. Because your teams always are some of the best conditioned teams. I didn't know if like, getting a little older. You, you didn't take it as hard on them. 'cause I would ha I would hate to see that. You gotta Keep 'em. No, I, I run the same practices. I, I think that there's certain players that I give more of a break to let Kaari Richmond, he's not a, he's gonna save a lot of his energy for games.


He's gonna save it. He, he, he knows his body. He knows his game. So I'll take him out. I said, you're going a hundred percent. I'll get you out. But you're going a hundred percent right. And he gives it to me. He gives me a hundred percent. Yeah, I know you don't yell at referees. You, you were pretty clear about that with us. You've never yelled at a referee Once in a while. When You're coaching against, like, hypothetically Danny Hurley who's giving the ref a piece of his mind, do you feel like you have to step up your game? Maybe occasionally. I know you never do it, but you see him doing it and you're like, I gotta, when I refer, I Gotta say something. When I ref, when I ref before the game, I say this to the three guys will come to shake your hand. I said, I'm gonna tell you right now, referee the game. Don't talk to me.


Don't talk to him. That's all I say. Because I I'm not gonna watch you have debates with him the entire night while the game is going on. Or we're shooting a free throw. That's the only thing I'll say to them. I said, ref the game. Can you imagine You guys are a Wall Street brokers and you, you sit in front of your, your monitor and it's very intense and your trading stocks and somebody's yelling at you every, every play. Right. Every trade, somebody's yelling at you. That's a bullshit call. You know? And how, how are you gonna focus in on trading that stock and matching up the, the buy and the sell? So I have a problem with referees because they're always, I got a technical foul. First one, I think in a couple of years. The other day in the Seton Hall game at Seton Hall, because the referee was literally having a discussion with Shaheen for over 45 seconds while they were at a free throw and something.


They were checking the clock. I said, what are you doing referee the game. And he gives me a technical, gives Shahin technical and that, that's my in the pros, they don't do that. Yeah. The coach will say something to the guy and they just walk away in the pros. They don't do, I wished college officials would do walk away. Because what's happening, if you are listening, if that referee's listening to that coach, the TV audience, 18,000 people are saying that coach is getting the next call. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Does it feel a little bit good though to get a technical, like, bad boys still got it. I would feel good about that. Yeah. I would try to get a tech just to fire Up the, the guys. If I got teed up, I'd be like, fuck. Yeah. As long as it doesn't, as low as it doesn't affect the game. I, we were up 20 at the time, so I was good with It. Yeah, yeah, Exactly. Fire up the guys Like sometimes getting a speeding ticket once every couple years.


It's like, yeah. Got yeah. Get the guys. Yeah. Going and just being like, look, I'm gonna fight for you. I'm gonna get a technic, maybe get thrown out of a game. When was the last time you've been thrown out of a game? Probably Louisville, maybe Georgia Tech. Herb Sendek I think was my assistant coach. And I think we won the game. Herb did a great job. Who's now at Santa Clara? Yeah. Why'd you get thrown out? I had, I had enough of them, But never yell at Rus. Never done it before last year during the tournament, did you, did you watch all the games? I did. Did you experience it like we did sitting at home on a couch, multiple TVs. How, what was that like for you? I told Danny when we played them, I said, you're gonna win it all for a second time.


And I thought he had the team we lost 95, 90 to them And we played him better than anybody else in the tournament. But I thought he, you know, he, he does a great coaching job and he had outstanding talent. I love the kid Castle. I love their bigs small forwards. They, they were a terrific team. They scout very well. They take away your strengths. So I thought they had it to win it a second time. Now you need some breaks. He didn't need 'em last year. No, but you need breaks to get to a final forum. Win it all. Yeah. So were you on the couch watching all the games like that Thursday appointment tv? Yeah, I was, I, I'm a big fan of March Madness. Big fan. I wasn't, I was upset that we didn't get in, but I said, look, I told the team this year we blew it because early in the year we had a bad loss against Michigan.


I didn't realize Michigan, that that would be a Quad three or Quad four loss. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know, they just, they didn't have it. Yeah. Yeah. That the, it is crazy how that can all turn on you depending on who you lose to early. I do Love your odds this year though. Love them. I think you got a great team. Oh, thank you. I love them at 30 to one. Yeah. Not that I know, but We're enamored with your team might have financially. Well, yeah. I I I like you guys. 30 to one Be fun. 30. You went to win the national championship? Yeah. We can laugh about it at Belmont. This Is the beginning of The year. No, this was like three or four weeks ago. Oh, okay. It might've been after the Yukon game. 'cause like I said, I watched that whole game and I was just so impressed with you guys coming. 'cause I thought watching that game, the way Yukon came out, they needed that win.


And I was like, there's, this is just a night where St. John's got nothing. And then you just fought back on that defensive end getting Turnovers. Yeah. They they're good with that. You know, and, and I, I think like, I, I am so worried about tonight's game with DePaul because I really liked his coach from DePaul. I think he's excellent. Yeah. I think he gets the most out of them. They shoot it well. And coaches like that are dangerous because they get their teams regardless of their record to play extremely tough basketball. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And it's a tough league.


All right. I got one last question. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take, make sure this stays in the vice episode. Rollback dot com promo code. Take.


Okay, let's make a headline real quick. Have you been con has anyone in your world been contacted by the Indiana Hoosiers? No. Okay. No one. No one. I've had a lot of contacts with professional teams right now from from Europe. Okay. Who were dying to have me back. Got it. But the Indiana Hoosiers are looking, I mean, they, they, Indiana, something about the Indiana job. Every name, every big name gets thrown out there. So you, can I give you my pick? Yeah. Okay. So I'm gonna have some people upset at me if I was the ad at Indiana. And am I friendly with this person?


Yes, I am. Do I have a lot of respect for this person? Yes, I do. But I would immediately not even interview anybody else and hire one of the premier coaches in all of college basketball. And that's Chris Beard from moments Miss. I wouldn't even think about another person. He's perfect for that job. He's a tough, hard-nosed. The years I was sitting out, I got friendly with him because he asked me to, he didn't know me. I didn't know him to come out and speak to his team. He was at Texas Tech. And I went out and spoke to him. But I watched two days, two days of practice. And I always judge a coach by his practices. And I have to tell you that those are some of the best practices and meetings with his team that I've ever witnessed.


So now I'm a gigantic fan of Chris Beard, and I think he would kill it at Indiana. He'd have him in the top five to seven every single year. Remember he brought Texas Tech to the championship game. Yeah. And could have won it if that young man didn't hit that from Virginia. That corner shot. Yep. Great shot that he did hit. So he's a superstar top three coach in my estimation. I would never hire myself for that job. Okay. Okay. You would, you would never hire yourself for that Job, for that job for Indiana. What's, why, why, why would Rick, Rick, I belong at St. Johns? Yes. That's A good answer. What's, what's the sign? Last, last question. What's the sign of a bad practice? How quickly can you know that a bad practice is occurring?


When the players get bored? They don't give a hundred percent attention physically and mentally. It doesn't have to be long. It could be an an hour and 20 minutes. It could be an hour when they're all tuned in to the assignment of what the coaches are saying. And the coaches insistent coaches are totally engaged in every single drill. And they maximize their effort with every single drill. That's a great practice. Okay. Yeah, I like that. I like That. We've gotta Practice hard. We, we have some bad practices here at Bartol Sports. Yes. Yes. We gotta practice better. And we have Coach Gruden now, I don't know if you've seen, but he's on staff John Gruden. I know John. He's a great guy. He's best. Yeah. And he's, he's been giving us the business 'cause we've had some bad practices. So Yeah.


There's, there's another guy. Should be back in the NFL without Question. Well, we like him here. So maybe a couple more years here and then go back to the maybe You part-time in the NFL. Yeah. We enjoy Watching jet football with him. Yeah. Yeah. Well coach, thank you so much for coming back. We appreciate it. And good luck the rest of the season. 30 to one. Appreciate you Having me. Let's, let's Do it. Let's make some magic. Let's stoic.


We'll get to Cooper de Gina in a second. He's brought to you by our great friends over at a rock on. We can talk about the elephant in the room. It's erectile dysfunction. One in four men, 18 years and older experience ed. Which means that you or someone close to you might be experiencing it. That's why I want to tell you about this new ed treatment Gel a rock on. It's the first ED treatment gel with clinically proven results that you can get over the counter. While it may not work for everyone, studies showed success in over 60% of men. The best part, no prescriptions, no online questionnaires needed. Why wait. Try a Rox On today available in stores and online. Visit a roxon US to learn more. That's E-R-O-X-O-N us. And you can learn more.


Cooper's also brought to you by SimpliSafe. Did you know that? Every 26 seconds a burglary takes place in the United States according to FBI data. That means by the time this podcast ends, dozens of homes will have been targeted. Protect your home before it's too late. With Simis safe's proactive security system, SimpliSafe helps to stop threats before they even have the chance to break in. Traditional security systems only take action after someone has already broken in. That's too late. SimpliSafe Active guard Outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. AI powered cameras backed by live professional monitoring agents. Monitor your property and detect suspicious activity. If someone's lurking around, if they're acting suspiciously those agents, see and talk to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. Visit simply safe.com/pmt to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/pmt. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


And now here's Cooper Deje. And Now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a very special guest. He is Super Bowl champion Cooper. Deje Cooper, first of all, thank you. Congratulations. Thank you for joining us. How it's been, what, 8, 9, 10 days has it fully set in? You just told us you're back in Iowa. Has it fully set in that every time people say your name, now it's Superbowl champion attached to it? It's it's set in a little bit. I think, I think I've kind of realized that a little bit now, but it's still pretty crazy to me to to think about. Yeah. Yeah.


And especially in, in my, my first year getting to getting to win a Super Bowl is, is pretty crazy. Yeah. Has the hangover gone away yet? It's it's getting there. It's getting there. I'm slow, slowly recovering. Slowly recovering. So it's, it's getting there. Wait, so, so you're back in Iowa right now. You are from a very small town. What was it like getting b Was there a parade or anything? I mean, this is, you, you're the most famous thing that's ever come outta your town, I would assume. Like, is is it weird being back and being like, yeah, I'm a you guys watch me on Super Bowl Sunday, return an interception from Patrick Holmes to the house. Like that's gotta be kind of crazy.


Yeah, there's, there's no parade. No parade. But I think I, I think I kind of snuck back into town. I don't know if, I don't know if anybody knew I was, knew I was back. Yeah, No, they know. Yeah, they definitely know. Yeah. They, they've been set up per perimeter since the Super Bowl so that everybody can know once you got back in there. Yeah. Yeah. That's gotta be awesome though. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, how many people are, how many people live in your hometown? Just under, just under a thousand. Wow. Yeah. So it's, Yeah, they know. They know. Are you gonna go to like a basketball game or something? 'cause that's, this is, this is like a storybook like movie thing. Like small town hero comes back and you're gonna have like an insane welcome and everything.


Yeah. My, my brother's got a basketball game on, on Thursday. Okay. So I'll get to get to go check that out and see what, see what kind of reception there is. There is for me there. I have a prediction for the reception. I think that the population of your hometown is going to be slightly above a thousand in like nine months. People are gonna be going nuts. Yeah. That's such a cool feeling. Oh man. So, alright, let's talk about the game real quick. We have some other, other topics we want to hit, but the pick six, obviously, I, I, I would assume you've watched the replay a bunch, but in the moment it felt like you're, you're like, you knew exactly where you were going.


You, it was such a great return. You, the pick was great, but the return was even better. W did it feel like it slowed down for you in that moment where you just kind of saw everything? 'cause you it was a perfect return? Yeah, I mean, I think, you know, the way, because it, it was a rollout to the right. So, and, and I was catching it coming back the opposite way. So it kind, it kind of, I kind of just, you know, fell right into the right lane there. And when I, when I caught the ball, everybody was going the opposite way. So got a, had some big boys out in front, got me some blocks, had to, had to make some, make some miss. But yeah, I mean it seems like it, it worked almost almost perfectly with, with the way I caught the ball and the way everybody else was running.


So yeah, it was, it worked out pretty well. How many, how many times did you watch the replay? So many times. Yeah. So many. I love that it's, it's, it's up on my phone so many times. I I've watched it every time probably. Yeah. You got to, did you? I'm not even, I'm not even an Eagles fan. I, I feel like I've scrolled past it probably 50 times on Twitter and just Yeah. And watch it almost every time. Yeah. And then, then there's, they had all the different, like different country broadcasts. Yeah. Like their reactions to it too, which was, which was cool. Did you have a favorite of those? I see That. What's that?


Did You have a favorite of those? I think it's like the, it might be like the, the Mexican one is Okay. Is pretty, yeah. Is pretty, pretty fun to, to listen to, even though I have no idea what they're saying, but besides my name. Yeah. But, but it's those, I mean really all of 'em are are pretty cool to, to listen to. Yeah. Yeah. The Japanese ones always get me fired up. They always sound like they're having the best time in the booth. Yeah. Big Time. Was there a, was there a moment where you thought, I'm actually on track to be Super Bowl MVPI, I didn't ever think about that to be honest. I didn't, I didn't see that until, until after the game or I didn't realize until after the game.


Like if I, like after that, after that pick, I was probably, I was probably pretty, pretty high on the, on the, on the list to be Super Bowl MVP at that point. But, you know, the game Jalen had obviously Right. You know, he, he, he deserved that. But I, I didn't even realize that until, until after the game. Kind of forgot all about it. Yeah. Yeah. We had some guys that we were watching with that took a flyer on you to win Super Bowl MVP. They were pumped. They were very, very excited to have Fun Jersey Jerry was basically like every single time you guys were on defense, he's like, here comes another pick six and I'm gonna win, you know, super Bowl MVP with Cooper Deje. So he was rooting hard for it 'cause one, one pick six in the Super Bowl.


You are like in the discussion almost immediately. Yeah. And the game did turn on your pick six. Like that's gotta be a cool feeling where it was, it's not only obviously a pick six in the Super Bowl, but that was really the moment that it was like, oh shit, the Eagles are gonna kill the chiefs here. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean we got up, we got up 10 zero and then, you know, being able to, you know, anytime you get a defensive touchdown in any game like that, that changes changes the tide of, of, of any game. So especially in a Super Bowl, being able to go up, you know, 17 zero after a defensive touchdown. I mean that's, that's, that's huge for, for any team. Yeah. I think it, I think it just, it helped us just continue to, to roll through, roll through that game.


Yeah. You guys played great defense in that entire game, the week of practice leading up to it. Did you think like, we've got something here we can, we can shut down Patrick Mahomes? Like did you think it could be that good? I think, I think everybody had confidence that we could, we could put on a good show when, when we went out there, everybody had a lot of confidence in, in us. I don't know if we knew it'd be by that large of a margin, but you know, just, just the week, that week of practice that we had, I think, you know, I I myself was was pretty confident in, you know, what, what we would be able to do, you know, against them defensively. And we didn't even blitz one time. We had, we had some blitzes drawn up, you know, to run.


And when you got those guys up front, you know, we never really, never really had to. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Alright, so I got a question in the transition to the NFL, you get to the Eagles, you're, you know, first game, let's call it first month Nick Siri, it's fourth in two, it's fourth in three and you're going for it. Were you like, wait, I didn't think this was allowed because you came from Iowa and that was just punt no matter what. Was that a, was that a culture shock that had to have been a culture shock? Yeah, it was, it was a little different for me, A little different for me. You know, being, being used to just playing field position and, and you know, having our, having our defense, you know, just keep, keep their offense pinned back and, you know, flipping the field once, once we make them punt.


So it was, it was a little different for me. Yeah. Especially those first few weeks when we're, we're around our own 50 yard line and we're just going for it on, on fourth and three, fourth and four, whatever it is. And at Iowa, like, that'd be, that'd be a no brainer. Like, like punt. Yeah. So yeah, it was, it was a little different, but I, I kind of like the switch up. Yeah. The, the aggressive style. I, I imagine you like, like I, I just, I, it's a stupid obviously isn't how it works, but like you writing back to Iowa, writing a letter being like, you guys won't believe what happens here. Like, we don't punt. I've discovered it's crazy. I've discovered Going for it, There's a different world out there and it doesn't involve punting, but I I, that is Iowa and you guys do it so well.


I also should say you got totally screwed in the Minnesota return. Yep. I remember I had Iowa in that game. I was very upset. That's, that's bullshit. I don't know if that's still, I don't know if the Super Bowl maybe makes it a little easier, but I would still be pissed about that return against Minnesota a couple years ago. Yeah, I'm, I'm definitely still still a little upset about, about that one. Yeah. 'cause it, it changed like we coulda it changed our season from, from a 10 win season to, to an 11 win season. And that, like, that puts you in a whole different category, you know, at, at the University of Iowa at least. Yeah. So it was that was, that was tough. Yeah.


For, for us. Yeah. Yeah. Justice for Cooper, I was, I was furious as well. Did they tell you what was wrong with that, with your fair catch signal? They said, they said when I was running and, 'cause I was trying to point at the ball. 'cause whenever, whenever the ball is like away from the returner, you don't want other guys to, to get hit by it. So it's, so it's a muff. So I was trying to point at the ball as I was running, my arm was swinging side to side and they said, they said that counts as a, as a invalid fair catch signal or whatever they said. But that's, that's not even why they went to review it in the, in the first place, which was the frustrating part. They, they were reviewing it to see if I stepped outta bounds and then they, they came back with that.


So it was, I don't know. It was, it was pretty, pretty frustrating. Yeah. It was bullshit. It was bullshit. We'll say it's bullshit. And then you, you go into the draft process. Were you surprised that the Eagles took you, even though you didn't go to Georgia? I had, I had, I mean the Eagles were, were one of the teams who I had actually thought I, I may end up with. I only met, I met with him one time on a top 30 visit there. But I actually thought I, I might might end up there. I didn't know. I, I didn't know it'd be the way it happened, but I'm, I'm glad it happened the way it happened.


Being able to come in with, with q and us being two rookies in the same position. I think it, I think it helped us both. It made it easier. Made the transition easier on us both. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause there's that famous, oh there's the famous draft night, or not famous, but a draft night video where the Rams traded up and they, and the Eagles brass thought that you guys, that the Rams were gonna pick you. And so it very well could have been like, they're like, that's it. We lost Cooper de Jean. 'cause they were, they had you guys, you, they had you circled. That's, that's a crazy sliding doors moment. Like that could have been a completely different career. You would've still been great, but you wouldn't have maybe won a Super Bowl this year. Yeah, yeah. It would, it would've been definitely would've been a lot different playing out in, in LA and obviously they, they had a solid season this year, but not, not being able to win a Super Bowl would've, would've been tough.


But I'm, I'm glad it happened the way it happened. Now, obviously I was, back then I was pretty, pretty frustrated having to sit and wait, wait that long. But I'm glad it, it happened the way it happened and it all worked out. I'm a Super Bowl champion, so. Yeah. Yeah, it's pretty good. And he had a great rookie season too. Who was the hardest guy that you had to cover in the NFL so far? Good Question. Thank you. Hardest guy had to cover probably Puka Nku from, from the Rams. He was, he's a tough cover. Trying to think. Jerry Judy's, he's a quick dude.


Adam Thilan. Adam Thilan worked me and the week we played, we played the Panthers. I I learned a lot from that game. He is just a savvy, savvy veteran guy who, he gave me some, gave me some good work. It was, that was probably one of my, one of my tougher games going up, going up against him. Yeah. What, so you, you also played obviously other sports in, in high school. You were a very good basketball player. Was there ever a time when you thought, Hey, I might do basketball instead of football? I also, as an aside, I love whenever the internet finds out like, oh, Cooper Deje was really good at basketball. It's like, yeah, he's, he's in the NFL he's an incredible athlete.


I would expect him to also be good at other high school sports. But Was there a moment where you were like, maybe basketball's the thing for me? Yeah. I wanted to, I wanted to play basketball actually coming into, coming into high school, I wanted to play basketball in college, but I'm not quite, not quite tall enough and I'm kind of built more like a football player. So, and I, I've kind of played basketball like a, like I'm a football player. Yeah. Played downhill and driving to the, driving to the hoop and trying to dunk on everybody. Yeah. But I wanted to play basketball, but clearly football football was the right, right, right. Decision. And I, I found that out after my sophomore year. Yeah.


Started to pick, pick up with, with football recruiting and, and stuff like that. So, but I still play basketball every, every once in a while. And it seems like, it seems like it's like every couple months my, my basketball highlights will just resurface on, on Twitter, social media somewhere. Yeah. They'll go away for a little bit and then they'll pop it back up. Yeah. I mean, you, you, you, I think it's partially Will Compton's fault, but you, you do carry a lot of weight for the all white team that he has put together. It's like Kuber Deje is, is a, you're a very important piece to the puzzle. Yeah.


It, it's, We need you, me and me and Riley Moss, my boy, my boy Moss from Iowa too. Kind Of shocking up On the outside there, Because like two years ago when this debate first started to happen, it was like, well, what are we gonna do at the outside? Like, get Julian Edelman to come back and then have him play corner. Yeah. And now we've got our, you guys are chess pieces out there, your white rooks. Yeah. Just plug, plug us in there and, and we're, we're ready to go. I love it. So, had a question for you about the parade, because the parade looked like the best time ever. Who was the drunkest at the parade? Oh, geez. I mean, there was, I'd probably have to say Nolan Smith. Yep. Nolan Smith or Q Quin Mitchell one.


One of those two guys. But I think Nolan probably, probably takes the cake there. I mean, he couldn't even, dude couldn't even walk straight or, or stand up. I might might've seen him throw up one time on, on the road there, but yeah, it was, it was probably, probably Nolan. Yeah. Yeah. Did you get hit by a can as well? 'cause I saw Howie Roseman got hit by a can. Yeah. I had, I had this big ass Bud Light chain on my, around my neck. And I went to, I was like throwing beer all over, everybody in, in the crowd. And the chain came up and hit me right in my, right in my eye, right above my eyebrow.


So I got a, got a little, got a little battle scar there. Yeah. But it's, it's all good. It's, it's, it's good for the memories. Yeah. Yeah. When you saw Howie get the, the canned impression, the indentation in his forehead, were you like, all right, he's one of us. He's, he's basically a football guy. Yeah. He, he took it, he took it like a champ and it, he used it, he used it in his, in his speech at the, at the end of the parade. Which was, which was, which was funny. Yeah. But he, he, I, I think he loved it, actually loved having, having the, having the cut across his, his forehead from the parade. Yeah. Yeah. It's a battle scar. It's great. Yeah. We have a, a diehard Philly fan here, max. Even though, I just wanna say for the record, during games when you'd be catching punts, max would freak out because he didn't think that you'd be able to feel the punts.


That's Not, that's not true. That's Not true. That is true. That's not, It's true. I get nervous of all punts. Punts have to be the highest percentage of turnover play. I did, I did drop one this year, but I, I didn't, didn't lose It. Don't even remember it. Don't even remember it. Alright, max, so what do you got? What questions you got? All right. I have a couple here. First one, I, I, I can't believe we haven't gotten to it. Derrick Henry hit. How, how'd you do that? That, that didn't make any sense, but it was awesome. Yeah. What Were you feeling? I was just lucky that he didn't, didn't start running full speed before I, before I got to him otherwise that it would've probably hurt even, even more. Luckily I caught him Right, right.


When he was turning around and I was able to, to pick him up and, and put him to the ground there. But if, I mean that he wasn't even, he wasn't even moving full speed. And that was, I mean, it still hurt me. I I still felt it in my, in my neck and my, my shoulder. So, but yeah, he's he's a big ass dude. Big ass dude. But luckily he wasn't going full speed. So right after that, that hit you also did the, the big play, Sally, that kind of, that kind of went off a little bit after that. Yeah. Can you explain that? I, I, I don't, I I've wanted to know what it is for a long time and I don't get it. It's kind of, it's kind of more of a, more of a in-house.


That's fair. That's fair. United House Max. Yeah. No, No, no, no, no, no. I don't, the world doesn't need to know. I don't need to know. Next thing. You got fucked. You got fucked in the LeBron video. Does it, does it piss you off that like two weeks later? You, you probably would've been like the first person he went up to explain the LeBron video. The LeBron LeBron video. Didn't see it. Yeah. Everyone is sitting courtside. I think it's like you, AJ Devonte, and you're at the end of the end of the row, you're, you can see that you're excited to give him a dap and he just, he just cuts you off right before it gets to you. Ah, Yeah. It was, it was, it was tough. I'm, I'm a LeBron guy too, so I, I'm a huge LeBron fan, so it was, it was tough for me, but it's, I didn't, I didn't expect him to, to know who I was, to be honest.


It was. But Now he would To be there. Really? Yeah. And open for, for a little love. But it's, it's all good. Has he apologized to you for that yet? Has he reached out and been like, Hey, my bad respect? He, He, not to me directly, but he posted something on, he commented under some, some post where someone asked me it at, at the Super Bowl, I think. And apologized or, or said, said something about it. Never meet your heroes, I Guess. No, that counts. That count. That counts. Yeah. Yeah. He basically dap them up. Then he, he realizes it An online dap up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Any other questions? Max, One last one.


Do you event I you played mostly nickel this year. Do you eventually want to, like, move outside or do you, or do you, are you comfortable in your role now in the defense? I, I like playing nickel. I like playing inside, being around all the action. Hopefully someti at some point I can, I can move to, to one of those every down positions, whether it's outside or whether it's safety, whatever it may be. I hope some at some point I can, I can do that, but, and do, do both. Maybe I, 'cause I, I like playing nickel. I like being involved in the run game and the screen game.


I feel like that's a, that's a really Im important position in, in a defense. And you could make a huge impact at that position. Max just shook his head. No, he said he doesn't want you to move to safety. Well, that's just the song. The song, the song says you're not a safety. So I, that would ruin, that would ruin the song. Yeah, you're right. It would, it would, That would ruin the Song. Were you the emergency quarterback this year? I was not. I was not. That would've been, I would've loved to do that though. That I was, I played a little, little offense in, in college. Obviously played, played quarterback in high school. I, I miss slinging it around. Especially, I mean, could you imagine just going out there and throwing it to AJ and Devonte and those guys?


I mean, that we have on offense have been, would've been crazy. Yeah. Yeah. That've been sweet though. Maybe something to work up towards like maybe two seasons from now. That's one of your goals. Become emergency quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. Have to have to talk to, talk to Coach Ani about that one. What, what was the toughest place to play in the Big 10? In the Big 10? I mean, Nebraska. Oh, I, I wouldn't say it was, it was, I don't know how tough it was. It was just like really loud in there. Yeah. At Nebraska gets pretty loud. But once, once you get up on 'em, it gets, it gets pretty quiet in there.


And that, that was us quite a bit of the time there when we were playing there. So I know Will, will We'll appreciate that answer there. Yeah. But no, Nebraska's a it's a fun place to play, especially in a rivalry game and especially when you, when you're beating them. Yeah. What, what does your dad say to you after on the field? Because that was cool. Like, it was cool seeing the, I I saw the picture where you guys, everyone got to take pictures with their family in the Super Bowl trophy. It just seemed very like a really awesome moment to have this, your first touchdown in the Super Bowl and then your parents come down. What, what did he say? Was he like, I can't believe this happened. Yeah, he was someone, someone actually had taken a video of him in the stands when, when that touchdown happened.


And like my dad had, had been my coach, like, since I was, I was a little kid, so like, I'd, I'd never really seen him get overly excited about a, about a play I made. He was always trying to, you know, keep me humble and things like that. So I, I, so I saw the video and I, I'd never seen him get that excited before a, about a play I made. So that was, that was pretty fun to watch. And then, you know, getting to celebrate with him and my family down on the field after, after the game was, was really cool. Just having them experience that, that moment with me. You know, my, my dad and my parents, you know, they, they both saw how, how disappointed I was on that first night of the draft and especially my dad, you know, he, he came up to me and, and told me, he said, you know, you, you remember how, how disappointed you were on the first night of, of, of the draft.


And, and now look, look where you are. So that was, that was a pretty, that was a pretty cool moment there too. Yeah. Yeah. That's a full circle moment. Yeah. Did he say happy birthday? Yeah. It was your birthday too. Jesus. I know that that kind of took a backseat. Yeah, I think, I think after, after we won the, we won the Super Bowl, it was, it was more like, you know, you're, you're a Super Bowl champion rather than, you know, happy birthday. Like you, you're 22 years old now. Yeah. Yeah. Did you get any texts from anybody that just said Happy Birthday that didn't know that you were playing In the Super Bowl? I don't think I did. I don't think I did. I got, I got quite a few, so I, there might be some that I missed, but I don't, I don't think I did.


Which was, which was good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.


Alright, I got one last question. Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Rollback dot com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take, we're big, big Dom fans. When you got drafted, did he hit you up right away? He is like, listen, I got you. My pizan. Has he called you your, has he said your Pizan yet? No, he, he hasn't. Oh no he hasn't. But Big Dom is, is probably probably the coolest dude you'll ever meet. Yeah. To, to be honest, I I saw you got, you guys were with him in, at the Super Bowl, right? Yeah. Yeah. He's nice. Yeah. We, we came and interviewed Lane Johnson. He came and stopped by and he always ends his text to me. My paisan, I'm not Italian, but I appreciate it. I'm just honorary with him. He's so, yeah. Yeah. He's, he's, he's one of the coolest dudes I've I've ever met and he, he literally runs, runs the city of Philadelphia. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, it's great to, great to know a guy like that. Yeah. Facts. What, what was his intro to you? Like? Did he describe like, Hey, I'm big Dom, this is what I do, this Is my place. I mean, kind, kinda. Yeah, he, he's, he is got some, he brought me into his office, I remember and was just telling me all kinds of crazy stories that he's, that he's, that he is heard or been a part of since he's been the security head security for, for the Eagles. And there's some, there's some crazy shit that yeah. That, that he's, he's done and he's, he's helped guys out with. So it's, it's good to have, have a guy like him on your team. He's good at what he does. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah.


Alright, well Cooper, thank you so much. We appreciate it. Congrats again, if you're ever in Chicago, come by the office, check us out and we'll, we're gonna be in Philly for Grit week, so we'll see you then. Yeah. Sweet. Can't wait. Appreciate you guys. Alright, you Cooper, Thank you for your Representation. Thanks. Yes, Absolutely. Yeah. Thanks for, Yeah, my 4-year-old son Chris, he used to think he could only be a quarterback or an offensive coordinator. Now he sees you. He's like, I can be a quarterback. Yeah. Get him on the outside. Yeah, on the outside. Oh. Alright. Thanks man. Appreciate it. Appreciate you guys.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. We often hear about the red flags that we should avoid. But what if we focus more on looking for green flags and friends and partners? If you're not sure what they look like, therapy can help you identify green flags, actively practice them in your relationships and embody the green flag energy yourself. Whether you're dating, married, building a friendship, or just working on yourself, it's time to form relationships that love you back Better Help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. I've experienced therapy in the past. I've gone to therapy. It's helped me get through a time of loss Therapy has helped me figure out my priorities. And the best part about Better Help is you too can experience therapy and you can do it online. You can access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Discover your relationship, green Flags with Better help. Visit better help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/pmt.


Cooper's also brought to you by, Hey dude, they've got the windy and the wally. The original iconic styles out of the foundation of comfort at, Hey dude, the Wally is Hey dude's. Go-to Guy. The first of its kind. The Wally Design invites breathable chare tie free elastic laces, pillowy arch support and ultra lightweight soles to the party to inspire hours of ache free, sweat free comfort instead of bulky toes, blocky construction and orthopedic gel souls that you might find in other comfort shoes. Hey dude, shoes look cool. They're slick and they look sharp with any outfit. Hey dude is always evolving and growing. The classic all white to camo or fleece. There's a style style that's perfect for everyone. Hey dude is unlike anything. Find your perfect pair of hey dudes@heydude.com. The official comfort chew of Barstow Sports.


Alright, Let's finish up the week. We got fire fest of the week. Hank kick us off. I Got scammed earlier. What On? What you Got scammed? I'm usually pretty good at at, at feeling 'em out. Snuffing 'em out. Oh no. But it was, it was an easy pass and like my easy pass. I tried to go through a toll recently. Mm. You got a Text and for like, I, I don't know if it was my balance was down and my card wasn't set up, but it didn't like it was going red. It wasn't letting me through. I had to pay cash. So I got a text that was like, you're, you know, pay your epass fee. And I clicked it. The website looked like the real epass website put in my information.


Shout to Bank of America though. They were on it. They called me right away And we were like, someone's, you know, trying to take your credit card information. What's going on? Wait, What? How did this start? It started like, it's, I got a text that was like, pay your easy pass. Oh, text Your pay, your epass, whatever balance. But he had happened to have just driven through a toll thing and It, it, but I recently had tried to go through, I have an easy pass and it didn't let me through. Got it. 'cause of a balance thing. So I, I thought there was credibility to the text. Wow. So they That's a smart scam. Yeah. They, they, and I'm again, like, I get 'em a lot. Everyone gets 'em a lot. Emails, phishing, whatever it is. And I'm, you know, I've never, I've never gotten got before and I got got today thankfully. How much did you pay? It was like $7.


I thought it was a one time. Like they Just stole your credit card. Yeah. And they just stole my credit card. Damn. Dirty. But did you have to get a new one? Yeah, bank of America was like, but they were, they called me right away. They said suspicious activity. Was this you? I told them, they were like, yeah, no, that's a scam card canceled. We'll send you a new One. Yeah. No free ads. But Bank of America is pretty good at that. Yeah. Or they'll hit you up and be like, Hey, I think this might be a fraud. Except when they do it. When you're buying something like totally normal. Like one time I shopped at l Lo Bean and Bank of America called me and they were like, Like your shopping not Normal sir Detected Wait sir, you've never bought clothes in your life. Yeah, LL bean. Yeah. We We're detecting Some highly. Are you suspicious? Where are you here, Sir? You bought, you bought a sweater?


Did it have it had buttons? Oh yeah. This is fraud. Oh, Tank. That's brutal. That's the worst feeling. 'cause you're like, you don't get got and you get got. That's sucks. That's not nice. That's not nice. Hey, back to the tillies. That's not nice. So can We, okay, can, is there any way we can find it or start Googling something like find these guys. Like they, I'll tell these guys With My boy Hank, I think, I think they do this with everyone. I think. I mean you, I get 'em a lot. I get a lot of, with the emails, I get a lot of random texts. Like, you Have their number. They texted you, right? No, it was a automated, it read like a Automated, yeah. Received or whatever. Can't call 'em back. Message received. No. Damn. That's crazy. I'd fight these guys. Hank Like, I'll meet these guys. Dover, the Dan Ryan Express Highway.


I've driven that highway. Yeah. He, I'll go these guys, I've been on that highway before. He knows where the highway Do. So those guys are dead now because Oldie iss gonna go after. Yeah. If these guys wanna meet, tell 'em to meet me at The Bean. No. Yeah. Go down to the silver. I'll go down to that shiny old bean down there. Come Get your ass kicked at the Bean. Well he's lucky he doesn't come St Patrick's Day and the water's green down here. Yeah. He wants to play around Big dog style. Let's go the come meet with the big dogs. Turn the Rubber red. Alright. PFT your your fire fest. My fire fest of the week is that there's an asteroid. He heading towards Earth. No, Dude. Nah, nah, just chill. It, it's, it's scheduled to hit the, the planet potentially in 2032.


And like three days ago it was a 1% chance. Then a couple days later it was 2%. What month? Then a couple days later it was 3.1%. You know what I'll Be doing in 2032? What? Chilling. What month? P Ft. Not Worrying is Very important. Let me look it up. I don't, don't know Hank because It can't be during football season. So I agree with that. I think what I read was December, which would be, It would be so brutal. Oh no. If your team is good and you're gearing up for a, a playoff push run and then an asteroid like this. This tells me this has like brown Super Bowl run. Oh. Written all over it. And the asteroid shows up. Damn, This ain't good. No. So now it's up to 3.1%. The Browns. Yeah. I mean it would be a team that like, you wouldn't expect having a all season.


I'm singing This like it's fact right now. Oh man. Oh no, no. Pete, just chill. Get off to Google. Don't worry about it brother. We got you. Just hang strong with the boys. Exactly. Exactly. Chill out. We're we're with your buddies. June, just get off the Google man. Hang with us for a couple minutes, dude. Yep. Yeah, That's facts. Like they said that it's gonna hit either someplace in Africa, maybe someplace in South America. My money's on the water. Yeah, that thing's gonna hit the water. Absolutely. Water. There's more water than land. We, Yeah, good point. We just see, we send Bennington out there and just have 'em catch it. Glove Savings. Yeah. Glo, shabo, boomm sha shabo shaboom. Gotta go pick it up and go freeze a whistle. Freeze whistle. Listen Pete, don't worry about that stuff. You gotta remember these are the, like what you're reading right now.


Like what kind? Well, like check your facts. Who are these? Pickle Sticks? Nasa. It's nasa. Yeah. Come on. Kick Rocks. Dude. These are some pickle stick behind the computer. These are like these Tommy tough guys that run their mouth behind the computer and then they want to dance. And then you show 'em. Show up to the dance. Yeah. Yeah. These Bullies just gotta show up to the dance. Show Up to the dance and see if you want, you want, you want a salsa? You want a little side shuffle? Probably not. They're not showing up 'cause they're sticking at home. They're trying to scare, crushing, crushing some soda. Pop some bags of chips. You know what I mean? Fingers are greasy. Hammering away on the computer. Oh, these Guys, that's Where it's coming. They're never gonna make it suck off buddy. Suck right off. Oh, alright. My fire fest is I great vacation.


Except for I had one moment. I was the hottest I've ever been gambling in college basketball. And I went down with, with friends couple, a few couples, and two of my friends decided to fade me when I was 16 and four in college basketball. And they, they faded me on a pick. I ended up winning. So I went to 17 and four. Yep. But I think I'll probably, I, I told them straight up, I was like, if our friendship was a hundred percent, it's 98% for the rest of our lives. Wow. Yeah. 2% loss, 2% loss. Big loss. Not a lot, but it's, it's big in scale. It's big. That's asteroid size loss. Yeah. That's big in the scale because you said 1% and now it's going up. Supposedly They did gain 1% back because people seeing over my shoulder, they're probably wondering what the fuck this is.


I got, my friends gave me a gift for my 40th birthday. Wicked. It is the day I was born, January 30th, 1985. Happened to be also Dan Marino's wedding day. So they got me a picture from Dan Marino's wedding day. That is so incredible right there. So I have good friends, but they, they did fade me. So we lost a little bit of Friendship. Yeah. Dan Marino First wife. His first wife. I know Finkle Is Einhorn. Einhorn is Finkle. Yeah. How many wives does he have? Only one first wife. But he is his first wife. Was she covering her face? Like kind of being embarrassed? Like he never did it? I don't know. Win or what happened? Like what happened? Neil in Miami, like, I don't wanna bring it up. Dan, Mr.


Marino laces out. He knows, he knows laces out. I'm embarrassed to be seen marrying this guy who can't win the big one. Can't win The big one. He can't do it. Like how many opportunities? You gotta go to the dance and not show Up. Like I, this is the only ring he'll ever get. Yeah. Oh, brutal. That's why, that's why he knows laces out. Yeah. Yeah. But so, so I got 1% back. So 99%. But yeah, you can't back. Gretzky was on an all time heater and they were asking for my picks. They were like, give me your picks. I gave them my picks and then they faded. One of 'em, I, you can't ask for picks and then faded. I could tell Big Cat was actually mad about this. I was, because I went downstairs in this casino and I walked past their table where they were playing. I think you guys were playing at the Time. Yeah. Yeah. Great game And great casino game.


Said What's up to the crew? And then Big Cat saw me and the first thing he said to me was, PFT, what would you rate this as a friend move if you're hot at gambling and then one of your friends fades you. And then his friends got very defensive about it. I could tell Big Cat was actually mad. Yeah. I was right though. 16 and four. And they asked for my picks and then they fade. Listen, if someone fades me, just, I would never No, but Hank you, don't you, when we're on the opposite side, it's not because you're asking for picks. We bet the opposite side. That's totally different. It's like they, when you ask like, can you give me your pick? Yes. And then just go the exact opposite. If you were 16 and four, you would fade me. Yes. Well, I went 17 and four. Wow. Yeah. So they missed out.


You gotta understand though, Kat where, where my boy Hank's coming from. Like, think about it. Well, he's A troll. Yeah, but he's, you're 16 in four bro. Your breaker point of 500 dudes, you're like skeptical. But are you gonna show up up the date? Are you gonna show Up or are you just stay on the on hold on oldie. But here more context. They, they took the 16 and four picks. Like they were riding with me. So they had already won money. They Were trying to time the market. Yeah. You can't do that. Like they had already there to pass. They're Riding your coattail, they riding your Coattails. They riding coattails and they're like, like, ah, we're getting off right here. No, no, no, no. Oh, you gotta stay on. So they wanted, they wanted the boys do the old for the boys. Oh, I'll bet you. Yeah, you lose. Yeah. And then you try to re bet and the guy says, no, no, no, I don't wanna bet. Yeah, but what do you mean you don't want to bet because you won.


But they did make it back with the damn Marino. It's a good picture. It A I need, we need to get it signed. Well, you know what? At some know, at first I was not happy with them, but I, they're back in my books. Yeah. All right, good. They're Back at nine. Nine. So Oldie. Do you have a, do you have a fire fest? Oh man. What do I got this week? What do I got this week? It's been a long heck of a week. I've been bumping and grinding with the snowplow like 14 days straight. I do Have a question about that. About leaving work. Shoot. So you're, you're coming down here to, to watch the game with us. Come on. The Podcast is his show now. And what'd you tell your boss? I said I got, I got, I got PFT coming in Kat on my show And, And you know what I mean? Hank's going to be there, but I mean, I gotta go.


I got stuff to do with the boys. Yeah. Yeah. So my shift's seven to three 30 and I looked at him about 3 12, 3 14. Said Henry, I'm not here tomorrow or Friday. I got a phone call. I gotta go. What do you mean Nico? What do you mean? I gotta go, I'm outta here bud. No problem, Ryan. No problem. Just write it down. Beauty, my boss at work, actual Butte, love Butte. Oh yeah, he's Butte. Like, basically I think it's kind of good for him 'cause I'm not there. So it's kind of like a pro. He's like, yo, this is awesome. Okay, wait, the kid's gone. We're having a, so I took off a couple Fridays ago 'cause my, I had to go Friday. I think I went somewhere and obviously I went somewhere, right?


'cause I wasn't there. Think about it. So I said I gotta go, I'm outta here. And he's like, well, alright guys. By the way, pizza party Friday. 'cause he knew the kid wasn't in. Oh, that's Me. What? What a movie. Yeah. And I said, enjoy boys, enjoy the pizza. Your boy's out. I'm going ice fishing. I'm outta here. Gotta go. Okay. So who was ice fishing? Oh, so that, that was a couple weeks ago. But that was the worst. The boys, we caught nine fish. The boys caught nine fish. I had the biggest fish in Lake Nipping on my line. My buddies on the sonar watching it. Oh. Oh. He sees the fish coming across the line. Oh. And I'm trolling. I'm just dipping, dipping dip.


Dipping and dunking. Dipping and dunking with my rod blams. He hits me wing. The rod gown glows right away. Brady would've loved this story, but he just catches 3.4 bastard. So my rod is wheeled. Yeah. Yeah. It's wheeled right there. And we, and I'm cranking, cranking, cranking B right up in the air. No, no. I aw It. The biggest fish in Lake Nipping way up north with the boys. Devin. Devastating the whole week. What A life. You, that's your fire. That's your fire fest. Yeah. It was terrible. But I had a hoo with the boys though. We had a blast out there. We were in a ice fishing cabin on the lake. I drove my truck right into the lake. Wow. Left it there. Two day banger with me and the boys. My broski.


Oh yeah. It was awesome. That's Incredible. It was great. What's the sleeping Situation Like in there? Oh, so check this. It's like six man are in there. We got a propane tank. We got a little stove. We got a little jug thing of water. So we're sleeping on the bottom bunk. You know the kid's, the big boy out there. So we're calling bottom. No one wants to die from the top end, right? Yeah. So we're in the bottom bunk. One of the guys stayed in the top and he wasn't feeling good. It was hot as shit up there. Right? 'cause the heat rises. Yeah. So the next day the guy's like we went, he slapped upstairs and about an hour and a half in and he started feeling like shit. He went outside, puke, rallied shit outside and the little shitter outside. There's an outdoor shitter. So he went and did a shit puke rally. And I could hear him from the inside of the cabin. It's a 10 by 20 little shack and he's in a three by three shitter.


He's gotta walk outta the front to the backside and go to the three by three. So he is in there and you just hear the puke rally, Boom, Everything. And I go, Jake, are you all right? My guy? He said, I'm, oh, I don't feel good. Like I got poisoning. So I said, okay. He came back in, I felt bad. So I said, I'll go in the top bunk. You ride the bottom bunk, eh? And about an hour into my shift upstairs, I'm sweaty sack balls. You think the pocket pussy was something Now it was juicy up there, boys. I had to get outta there. I had to get outta the shack and went to the truck. Fired her up at about one o'clock, one 30. Yeah. And I slap in the truck. I hear a knock on the window at five 30 in the morning. Oldie. Oldie. Eh, what's up bud? How long you been in the truck for?


Ah, a couple hours. Holy shit. It's hot in the room, eh? I said, yeah, yeah, I'm okay. Shut her off. Went back in banging with the boys. Bacon, an eggs, Bacon, An ax by six 30. That's Awesome. All right. That was a great fire fest. Yep. Wonderful. Oldie you, you're, you're the best man. Love you. I don't think it's the last We'll hear from you. Alright, last thing we do. Oldie numbers. So there's a lottery ball machine. So we have this, we've done this for five years now for Oh, going on five years. Alright. Memes sitting next to you. Has never gotten it. He's never gotten it. Yeah. Pretty insane. But you can guess any number oldie from one to a hundred. I'll let you, we'll let you go first. So you just guess. And then we're all gonna guess numbers.


I've Never gotten it. Oh man, Memes. Really? Yeah. That's A long ride, dude. Five years in one of a hundred. Nothing. Never Banged it. Some say it's more impressive to not get it. They get, they get all This is like, this is like winning the lottery. Like getting struck by lightning instead of winning the lottery. No, they get it all the time. It's so easy. But no, it's like When people that win the lottery say that it's actually bad, but like, you'd much rather win the lottery. That's just the bullshit on the inside here. We're Just loose up right now. You don't win anything. Right? Well, my favorite move is stand up 69 with me on the opposite end on the backside. So you know, like, Who doesn't love that upside down? You're just hanging away.


Right. But I mean also I'm number four guy. That's a big number for me. Like, I'm all about number four. So. So are you going 4 69? I think I got a good vibe on the standup 69 right now. But I gotta go back to home base. I think sometimes at the four banger. Okay, so you're going four? We gotta go four banger. Yeah. All. All right. Everyone else. I'll go 69. I'll go 44. I'll go three. I Like it. I'll go 99. No, actually I'll go four D 40. All right. I'll go a hundred pug. Oh, pug. I didn't see in there. You can have 99. Oh, okay. I give you nine. Nine. I didn't see it. That's No, no, no. It's yours. I, I will take 66. I'll Take nine. Nine. Pug. Also watch P, mt.


PMTV to watch all the behind the scenes Of oldie. Yeah. Incredible lot. A lot of good stuff. Yeah. 44. Lot of liquid. No, I have 44 white. Yeah. Yeah. White. Oh, okay. You gotta figure that out. Whiter. Great. Hockey. 71. Oh, all right. Here we go. Oh, this is exciting. This is like, this is a bubbler in the stomach. Here. Come on. Four banger. Show the boys. What's, oh, let's do this. What it mem Pat? Six, nine. Alright. 61. Oh thank God. 61. My Boy Rick Nash. How do you do?


That's his Number. That's my boy's number. Absolute. Wait, how are you? Not This. Come on. My boy just popped up. Are you kidding me right now? How do you not, I should have said Nasher. You know why I should have said Nasher? Because the 2010 gold medal, 2014 Gold Medal Olympics tonight. Allstar break according to some, but as we know as a broadcast, four Nations on ESPN Live buggers. Okay. The the, he was FaceTiming Rick Nash, who he's been childhood friends with. And Rick Nash said that he has gotten more texts today than when he won the gold medal because everyone's like a true, what the hell is oldie doing at the park?


Still offices. Like what is happening? This is beautiful. Love It. Alright. I can't believe you Take 61 1. Beautiful. That's incredible. Way to finish It off the show. I should have taken, my wife got, I'm Like, you have it on your back. I know, I know. And I went with my home barn number four, but great ride here tonight. Great. Congrats today. Thank you Oldie. Thanks you. Thanks Oldie. Love you guys. Oh, Love you man.