
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have our good friend Ryan Whitney, recapping all the madness from this weekend in the NHL playoffs. We had two game sevens. We're gonna talk game sevens in the NBA as well. The Warriors Advance Playoff, James Harden has shown up the nuggets Advance. We'll talk a little Kentucky Derby. We've got who's back of the week, and then we've got our Jordan of the Week at the end of the show.


A new story from America's Favorite Couple.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. It's the official best time of the year for hoops fans, playoff, drama, buzzer, beaters, all the chaos. We live for it. And if you're done just watching and ready to actually win some cash, you gotta check out Pick six from DraftKings. Nobody's dropping better payouts than pick six. Hit six picks, and that's 25 x your cash. And if you beat your competition, you could be looking at a 500 x bag in your pocket. It's super simple. Select your picks, track your score, and go for those big time prizes. No gimmicks, just straight up fun. Pick six is live in most states like Missouri, Cali, Texas, Georgia, and plenty more. So yeah, don't settle for week payouts. Make your picks with pick six and let your basketball brain pay off. And new to DraftKings. Pick six new customers, toss in just $5 on your first entry, and you'll get 50 in bonus picks instantly. We're also doing the BET Gala. Make sure you tune in. It's starting at 6:00 PM Eastern time. The BE Gala is tonight as you're listening to this. It's gonna be great. We're gonna have some great guests. So tune into that in Arizona and the playoffs are on. So why not take a shot at making a little money while you're watching? Download the DraftKings Pick six app right now and use code. Take. That's code take play $5. Get 50 in bonus picks. Better payouts, bigger wins. Only on pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. None available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdraw. Pick six bonus picks that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football. They like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football me, they try to avoid me because I'm always trying to get them to like football, Football, football.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. The playoffs are on, so why not take a shot at making a little money while you're watching? Download the DraftKings. Pick six app now right now, and use code. Take that's code, take play $5, get 50 in bonus picks, better payouts, bigger wins, only on pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Today is Monday, May 5th, may the fifth be with UPFT. We've got Game Sevens to talk about. And the Warriors have survived and they're marching on. They've done it again. The Warriors are, are again skating by. They got into the play and game and then now they, they push it to game seven. I thought that this wasn't gonna go seven. I thought it was gonna be over in six. Credit to the Rockets for fighting. Yep. I I do enjoy watching Van Vet Play. I enjoy watching Shane. I big time Shang Goon fan. Yeah, he's one. I'm a Gooner. He's, I mean, Shang Goon is, is is just a throwback where he has a vertical of one inch and every play to the naked eye could be a travel, but he's so good around the hoop.


But the Rockets, as I expected going into this series, they're a very good team. They have a very bright future. But as it happens in the NBA, you have to go through the wars. And that's kind of what happened in this series where they, they, like I the Warriors won this series by, I feel like the smallest margins because they quit in game five. They lost in game six when I think we all expected them to win. The Rockets were throwing sides of them. Stephen Adams at 'em were, were, you know, zones at them. Had some great wrinkles to push the Warriors to the brink. But at the end of the day, when you get into a game seven and you have like your, one of your best players, Jalen Green Score eight points.


You can't win with that. You can't win with that. And it wasn't even Steph, it was buddy healed. It was the buddy healed game. 30 points. He was lights out. And I, I just think the Warriors, like, they, they basically proved that they procrastinated this series. They did. That's Exactly what they did. They took it all the way to the end of game seven and then Curry just exploded in the second half. Yeah. And they went on a 12 to nothing run, I believe all in the fourth quarter. And that was kinda the end of that. Steph Curry figured Out 33, by the way, for Buddy Hill now. Yeah. We have 40 seconds left. He just hit another, he's nine for 11 from three Steph Curry figured out. Okay. Yeah, I can, I can actually get to the hoop if we have our smaller lineup out there. And Steven Adams what he score, he scored a bunch of points on on Saturday, right?


Yeah. On on Friday night. On Friday, on Friday night. He kinda, it was like him and, and Rudy Gobert. It's like these guy, these big guys can play offense too. Yeah, They, yeah. The size bothered him. And then Eventually the Warriors figured out how to solve the two big lineup, which I feel like if this was seven years ago, they would've blown this Rockets team out. Oh of course. The way that that team, that the, the old Warriors were engineered but took 'em a little bit longer to figure out. Now we get Draymond Green and Rudy Gobert as God intended. Yep. These two teams don't like each other. No love lost. Yep. In this series. Yep. I'm glad that the Warriors continue to play. I am too. I think that I, you need to appreciate the greatness that is the Golden State Warriors. As long as you can, we don't know how much longer Curry's gonna be around, so just enjoy watching them play.


Well It's also going to be, if we had lost Curry and LeBron in the first round, it would've been a very distinct Oh, this is really kind of over. Yep. You know, so we get at least one more series with Steph Cur Curry and the Warriors. And again, the Rockets are now, should they have worn the H Town jerseys that weren't Game seven Jerseys? Absolutely not. We were sitting here when the game tipped off and we're like, these are not Game seven jerseys. These are type of things that you have to, you have to learn as an organization to get back to the Promised Land. It is cruel though that the Warriors basically teased the rocket. Steph Curry, I I I, I said this speech last week when I was basically broke it down that he, he killed the James Harden Rockets, let them rebuild, completely dismantle their team and then rebuild it back up.


And then he is still standing there at 37 years old killing them again. And then to tease them, they teased them because I think the whole world thought that the Warriors, especially with the way they treated Game five, where they were like, we're not gonna play the second half, we've got this in the bag. They didn't, they actually didn't, they didn't try out new things against the big lineup. It took them Friday, losing it home to then go to Sunday and, and beat the Rockets soundly. And now we get the Warriors next round. Yeah. J Draymond Gobert is gonna be awesome. Yeah. Jalen Green might have James Harden's Old Locker and there might be something that, that's still in that locker. 'cause in the big moments he seemed like he just didn't wanna play. He yeah. Didn't wanna Be out there.


And they just don't, they just didn't have enough offense. I mean, they, they hit six threes tonight. I know that they do the, the Rockets were a little bit of a throwback in the, the fact that they would throw a bunch of size out there. But we gotta goal, we got a goal. Winnipeg. Winnipeg wins. We're gonna Talk to Whitney about that in a second. That was an incredible game as well. Wow. Blues. They gotta be sick after that. But yeah, the, the Rockets have a bright future. They will be back. They could make a move for Giannis. I feel like Kevin Durant wants to be a rocket, but the Rockets are probably like, we're good In the future. You, you can go like real throwback with your jerseys if you're the Rockets and game. Correct. You can wear the Hakeem jersey jerseys.


Yep. Those would be awesome. You can't wear the, the bubble letter H Town or whatever that was tonight. It looked more like a Miami heat jersey than it did a Houston Rockets jersey. But it was just, I mean, again, Stef a game seven and Draymond in Game seven who every single game in this series, he, he did something he's, he spasmed his whole body at Fred Van Fleet's face. That's What happens to me whenever somebody breathes on me. Yeah. Like that's a normal body reaction I think. Yeah. And Jimmy Butler, I mean like, they're just good. Yeah. But it was, yeah, Steph had, this is the crazy stat of the game. 'cause Steph wasn't incredible shooting. He was, I think for the first quarter and a half he had zero points. He ended up with 22. But I felt like the Warriors were like, Hey, we're going to use our guys to just box out their big guys And we have to get more active with our guards.


Steph had 10 rebounds tonight. 10 rebounds. Yeah. Pretty damn good. Really good. And that was clearly, you know, something they were trying to do where, and Jimmy had eight rebounds. So it's like everyone else box out and you guys go get the boards. The buddy healed game. The buddy healed maybe the most athletic, well Air Budd 12 For 15. Yep. It's pretty insane. He was lights out. That's, I love having a guy like Buddy healed where it's like, you know, it's in there. We saw him in college, we know that at any point he could just go nuclear. He just gotta step into the clay roll. Yeah. He just do a clay impression. He had Zero points on Friday night after we put him in our park. Also sometimes like clay. Yeah, Sometimes like clay. Okay, let's talk about the other game seven we saw on Saturday night are nuggets clippers.


Let's first say credit to nuggets. They were underdogs in this series. They, it felt like at times that they were not the better team. And then they absolutely demolished the clippers on Saturday night. And it wasn't even, I never thought Yoic is, is so good that his greatness becomes almost this weird standard where if he doesn't have triple doubles, you're like, what's wrong with Yoic? Yeah. And so even though he was great in this series, he wasn't like Yoic great, like outta this world, but the rest of the nuggets stepped up with Christian Brown was awesome. It was incredible. Christian Brown has, has become really, really Good. Really, really good.


Russell Westbrook were de like, they don't win this series without Russell. We Westbrook Yeah. Energy. Yeah. Because sometimes, sometimes with Yoic it's like, you know, he, he's not the fastest all the time. Get up and down the court, having a guy like Westbrook to like just go out there and go insane is actually a nice little boost for him. Yeah. Yeah. And, and and Aaron Gordon was awesome as well. So it was like the whole team kind of came together. Maybe the Michael Malone who we like maybe that firing was actually smart or Maybe they gotta fire their coach again. Yeah, no. Like before every series get a new guy in there. They have been pretty good since he got fired. But the real story here is, Well real quick before we get to the masterpiece that was painted by her good friend Michael Porter Jr. Apparently can't even put his jersey on or take his jersey off.


Yes. So he has to have somebody that helps him do that. And he is still playing hockey Tough. That was cool to see him out there. 'cause I think a lot of people were questioning if he was gonna play or how much he was gonna play the series. And then the other, this is a stat that I, I couldn't believe was real, but Yoic is the first player to average a triple double in the regular season and win a playoff series. Oh, Isn't that crazy? I guess that would make sense. 'cause I think Oscar Robinson Yeah. Didn't and then Russell Westbrook that year Yeah. Had, had not done it. Yeah. Wow. So I guess having really good players in her team can help you win playoff series. Yeah. But this game is about one thing, James Harden, who I think you could have already made the case, he didn't need this game, but is he the biggest choker?


I don't know if it's choker or just Bright lights scares him away guy of all time because at this point it is now four different teams that he's done this with. It's the same story every year. It is. He's great in the regular season. He can be great in the beginning of a series. He even had 13 assistants in this game, which you know, is obviously, you know, distributing the ball. But he was, he scored seven points. Seven points. And he even had us a little off the scent because in game six, which is technically elimination game for the Clippers, he played really well. But then when the Bright, the lights get the brightest and it's game seven, he's a complete no show.


And it's, it's not even, there's not even a debate anymore. Yeah. It's more just like, is he the only debate is, is he number one all time? And I think he is, And I don't think it's necessarily even an insult to say that to him. No. Because I, I actually believe that James Harden is like, I don't wanna work anymore. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna get paid essentially the same if I, if I get eliminated now or if I get eliminated in two weeks. Yeah. Yeah. There's the bonus that kicks in. Some of those guys like hook up the training staff, they kick it around to some of the younger players or whatever. He doesn't really have any upside besides the glory of winning, which I don't think he necessarily cares that much about. I I saw a perfect tweet for it.


Philly the boss shout at Philly, the boss. He said, James Harden's gonna get you to the playoffs, the rest is your business. Yeah. He's Like, listen, That's it. I get, I get paid nine to five punch the clock regular season. That's, that's, that's my work hours. Yeah. Okay. So I know when my work is technically done for the summertime and I would rather be somewhere else. Yeah. I just don't feel like working anymore. And in, in elimination games, James Harden has been held under 20 points, 12 times. LeBron James in 29, career elimination games. Guess how many times he's been held under 20 points? Probably none. Zero times. Yeah. Zero times. And if you look at his stats, like they go way down in game six.


Oh yeah. It's like a measurable thing. And a lot of times it's not like he goes ice cold, he just, he just doesn't shoot. And I think this is the first time that there really is just not even anyone saying Oh. But the, you know, like the, oh, the, the year that they lost in game seven in Brooklyn, the Kevin Durant foot on the line, he was very injured. True. But like there, those aren't even discussed anymore. The hamstring, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's just, it's just all, when you get to game seven, James Harden isn't gonna be there. And I Yeah, I don't, it just is who he is. His Last five elimination games and that includes game six. Yeah. Where he played really well. He's averaging 14 points per game in his last five elimination game.


And I think maybe Genius moved by Kauai to, to have James Harden on your team because this is the, we did have Healthy Kauai and he got bounced in the first round as a favorite. So I don't know, like that was, I I kind of wanted more outta Kauai here and it, it didn't happen. Yeah. And the good news is like James Harden knows all of this. He knows he hears it. He, he sees it. He knows what his legacy is. Kauai, I don't think has a computer. So he, he, this won't bother him whatsoever. Listen, Strip club season. Okay. James Harden, he's not, he, he gets paid the same amount of money if he is at Game seven or if he's in the club. Yeah. For, for James Hard's Trip Club season for Kauai.


It's, you know, I would imagine Yeah. Sitting, sitting in like an empty room. It's control up late Season 10. He's he's in the basement at Severance. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, this was credits the nuggets. I I thought the Clippers were gonna win this series. I really did. I thought they were the better team and the Aaron Gordon game. And then this game was so weird too because the Clippers were up after a quarter and then towards the end of the first half, it just, they, the Clippers just started losing and then they start the second half and it, it was just Nuggets just ended the game. The ended the game. It was a 24 to four run. Yeah. And 17 of those were unanswered by the Nuggets. And so it was like, okay. They just didn't show up for the entire second half.


And the score, even the score did that Game of disservice. Yeah. No, it wasn't close It even though it was what a a, let's see, what was 19, 19 point win? Yeah. It didn't feel like it, it felt like it was a 30 point 30 point loss. Can I ask a question too about the NBA scheduling wise? They place these series with some of the weirdest scheduling decisions where it's like you play on Sunday and then you don't play again till Thursday. Why are the nuggets playing on Tuesday night against the th that's, that's the most auto loss I've ever seen on a schedule ever. Are they not playing Monday night? Oh No, sorry. Monday night. Yeah. I I I'm sorry. The, the Warriors are playing Tuesday night. They're giving 'em two one day. So Yeah, they're playing Monday night against Thunder and The Thunder. We'll be at the Be Gala.


The Thunder are gonna kill 'em. I Feel like the Thunder they've had what, 10 days rest? Yeah. Yeah. 10 days to the guy's Had 10 days to put the fucking t-shirt on. Yeah. He won't Do it. He's still not gonna do it. He Won't do it. But yeah, that's, there's Also like a weird three day gap in this series too. Exactly. So what between Game five and six where it's like, why like, Like I'm sure I, I am very dumb. I I I'm bad at gambling. I will look stupid in retrospect. Someone will put this clip and make me look stupid and I'll own it. I, the, the nuggets in Game one and the Warriors in Game one, it feels like they're just going in to to die. Yeah. They just played a seven game series. Both a little bit older teams and they have 48 hours to turn around and play at teams that have been waiting there for, I mean the Wolves only a week and then the Thunder for 10 days.


Do You think Adam Silver watches games on tv? A commissioner should watch the games on tv. I think he just goes to 'em. But you probably go to 'em. But in order to really get the flow and, and the feeling of a series, you should be watching 'em on TV because you would know we can't have a a a three day gap and when games are played. I was looking forward to watching this. It also doesn't make sense because I would understand the argument if you didn't have any games on Monday night, you had to play game. But the Nixon Celtics are playing Monday night. Yeah. And then on Tuesday night, the calves and the Pacers are playing. So why, why didn't you space it out? Whatever. Stupid gripe. I understand that. Let's make some money off this Gripe. It doesn't What's the spread on that game? I think it's nine and a half. The thunder. Yeah. That feels pretty good. I just that I know it's a rest verse.


Rust, but a seven game series and then you get two days off. The Thunder don't Get, you have to go away from altitude. They shouldn't get rust thick air. Yeah. Ru what? Yeah. No, they won't get rust. They will get, they might get rust. They're too good for rust. They might get rust. Rest verse Rust. They might get rough. It might get rust Roughy. It is crazy like to think about just that we're whatever, however many years, how many years ago were the thunder in the finals? 2012 I wanna say With James Harden. Right. I'm saying, and the, and this was Russ verse, James Harden and game seven. And, and Russ has become not a joke, but like there's, he's coming off the bench.


Well he is hilarious. And James Hard is just doing his thing. Losing game seven. James Hard was the sixth man on that team though, wasn't he? Yeah. So it wasn't like they were counting on him for anything. No, that's that's why they were able to get the finals. Yeah. He didn't do anything in the finals. If I, if my memory serves me correct. Alright. Last game. NBA And by the way, we have awesome like 40 minutes with Whitney about everything. So we taped after the Winnipeg game. So we got it all, we got all the hockey recapping. Round one. Previewing round two Cavs Pacers Pacers. They're fun. That was a fun game by the Pacers. Respect the Pacers. I don't know if they can win this series because I don't know if they can shoot 52% from three.


Yeah. Have the calves miss all their threes? That's the difference in this game. Yeah. But The, here's what the Pacers do, and I, I like thoroughly enjoy watching the Pacers play. They play, they, they sped it up even more today, which gave the Cavs some problems. And they, everyone's good. Everyone's good on their team. You could make the case that they don't have a top five player. And I, I'd agree with that case, but everyone is good. And Halliburton was playing like pretty damn good defense. Which everyone, you know, talks about his defense. And Andrew Emhart was incredible. He was five for six from three. Like they all their starters scored double digits and they're just a fun team to, to watch. And I, I don't know if this was, I I don't think the Cavs should panic because again, they're not gonna shoot.


What did they shoot from three? I think they shot, they shot 23% from three. And the Pacers shot 52%. Yeah. The caps were nine for 38 from three. That's probably not gonna happen. But the Pacers are one of those weird teams where they, they play with like, a lot of teams don't play with that type of pace in the playoffs. Who got who got hurt on the cap? Is that a hunter? I didn't see who got hurt. Me did help us out. Memes. Memes. Max is in Hawaii. Vacationing it up. Help us out. Memes. Somebody got banged up.


Oh yeah, I know Dar gar. Hunter got pushed in the, in in midair. It was Darius scar. Garland sprained his toe. Got it. Yeah. Garland's got a bad toe. He might be out. They said he would be out one to two weeks if this was the regular season With a a toe. What He he got a bad toe. Is it, is it turf toe? Is it wood toe? Would it, if he was LeBron, would he play game two? No. No. Does Not. Okay. All shit. And I, I did see Derek Scarlet got pushed. He got shoved midair took a bad fall. But I think he's okay. There's, I'm reading a report right now Per, sorry. That was Hunter. Hunter got hurt. Per Jared Greenberg garland's toe sprain is a significant concern for the calves Uhoh. If this was the regular season, Garland would've been shut down for at least one to two weeks.


Oh boy. Shit. Hank. Are you Hank is fist pumping? No, not fist pumping. Never for injuries. I want to beat, I wanna beat teams at their best. Okay, Listen. The Pacers don't scare you at all. You Love the Pacers. I do. I love watching them. Like they, they play fun games. You love the Pacers. That was a very fun game to watch. I think the Cavs are still gonna win the series. Yeah, no it was, it was. I it is two Okay. Teams going at it. Okay. I love it. I love it. Hank talk that shit. Hank are you nervous about the Knicks? No. Game one Monday night at the Be Gala. Mr. Mr Bing Bong is gonna be in your face. Yeah. I'm, I'm excited. I'm excited to see, see Jerry in person.


Not worried about the Knicks. Not worried about the Knicks. Even if we lose, I'll say it right now. If somehow we lose game one, we could lose two games and I wouldn't be worried. If you go down to oh 2, 0 2. Not worried. I'll say it names Still that worried. Okay. Yeah. The other, the other story we had was Greg Popovich officially retires his head coach of the Spurs. He's going upstairs. That, that doesn't mean to heaven. No. He's going upstairs just in the building. Yep. I think we're actually gonna have our good friend Kirk Goldsberry on, on Wednesday. So we'll have some pop stories. But 29 seasons, five titles, 1,422 wins. Pretty crazy. Also like a, a pretty wide deep coaching tree.


Not only GMs but coaches. I, I saw it and I laughed because on his coaching tree was Jim Boylan and that gave me Chuck. Love that like leave that off. Yeah. Get that off the coaching Tree. Technically Yes it is on there. But you don't, you don't have to say it out loud. Yeah, There's a few ga let me, let me find the, the tweet. There's a few names that like there, if you're a coach and you have a coaching tree, you should have a little bit of a, a bar where it's like, you know what, let's keep this guy off. So he had Jock Vaughn is another one. Maybe you keep off. Jim Boylan, will Hardy, pj Carlos Emo, Mike Budenholzer, Joe Prote, Mike Brown, Brett Brown Eime, James Borrego, Mitch Johnson.


Becky Harmon. And then he had Sean Marks GM and Messina Euro. So pretty good. You don't need Jim boiling On there. Yeah. Good. It's like when you're talking about Belichick, you don't have to say Romeo Kne. Yeah. Great coordinator. Yeah. But maybe don't bring him up. Yeah. And people are now debating if PJ Carl so was not on his tree, but whatever. I saw the graphic Sports Illustrated tweet. So I'm just going Let's go with the graphic on that. Go with the fucking graphic. Yeah. So I mean pop good for pop. You can't tweet anything these days without having it debate. Be debated endlessly. No, people get mad about every, everything, everything. Wait, so why are they saying PJ's not on the tree? 'cause he maybe was officially like he was, I don't know if he, he, he started before, which would make sense. He started, he was a college coach.


Yeah. Was a coach before, but then went to pop. I don't know. So He got rehabilitated by Pop. Yeah. Just Like, but that's technically not his tree. Like Steve Sarkisian could be a Nick Saban coaching tree guy. Right, right. I Well Brian, I understand the argument of of you can't do a rehabilitation. Yeah. Tree. You, it's a se that's a separate tree altogether is the rehabilitation tree. Yeah. 'cause he coached PJ was an NBA coach, a college coach before he was a Spurs assistant. But he did get rehabilitated for five years. He did. So after he got choked him and Harden big. Yeah. Big choked guys. Yeah. You know what he is, he's not, he's like a tree that grew that that grew like in pop's yard.


And then when they cut down Pop's tree, then now his tree has more sunlight. Yes. So it grows taller. Exactly. Stock Kentucky Derby. Thanks to our guy Randy Moss. He'll be back on for the Preakness. He did tell us sovereignty. Make sure he is in your exotics. Yep. That was, I liked the mud. The mud made it so much fun. It's fucking crazy. It was a great race. It Always makes me laugh too, to see everyone get super dressed up to go to the derby knowing that they now have to deal with some of the mud. Right. On all their shoes. Right. Their clothes. That's always a nice twist. Every single horse in this race was a descendant of secretary. Did you know that? I did. That's kind of wild. Crazy. That horse fucked. Yeah. Big time. So they all kind of did steroids. Yeah. Yeah. They got the steroid. DNA.


Yeah. But it was, it was a very like, thrilling race. Like the journalism and, and sovereignty down the stretch. Fighting was awesome. And again, it was like 20. I mean, BAA too. Baa was my pick. He's a good Horse. He, it hurt walking away being like, if they just did a hundred more yards, might have had it. What were you gonna say Hank? Dumb question. I was trying to figure out when I saw the Secretariat graphic is how, like are they equal descendants and how is it? Is it great? Great, great, great, great, great, great. I don't know how many grates are involved. No. His jizz just got used for so many different horse race horse horses that it, it's, they're all not equal.


But do they save it? Like Yeah, that, no, that's, I was thinking about that too. Like, like Can you just have like, can you still use it? No. What you should do, if you have a horse that wins the Kentucky Derby, you need to jack that horse off like six times a day and then freeze all the sperm and then that way. 'cause I feel like if you could get just a direct pregnancy from Secretariat right now, that'd be worth way more Right. Than just getting like his great-great-great, great, great, great great. Grandson's, grandson's Sperm. Okay, so I'm reading it right now. We'll ask, we'll ask Randy this when he comes back on. You can do it now. You couldn't have done it when Secretariat was jizzing. That's why you gotta save some of it just in case.


Right. One day the technology will exist. The technology didn't exist when Secretariat was in his jizz heyday. But maybe, do you think anyone had the foresight to just like, no. Do it and keep it in the freezer? They Should have. Oh yeah. That would be good. Yeah. And then like every time you move you have to move the industrial strength freezer and then the moving guy. Like what is this giant thing that you've got in your basement? Oh, that's horse come. Yeah. Yeah. Most Valuable thing. I own like an unopened pack of cards from the sixties. It's like, oh, we got, we just found in this freezer. Yeah. Like authentic secretariat cu Yeah. That'd be worth a shitload of money right now. No, But that's, that those, they're all different levels of related to secretariat. And they're probably also related to Seattle SLU too. Yeah.


I mean, I know there was a couple American Pharaoh babies in this race, I believe at least one. Yeah. So that was, that wasn't a dumb question. I'll Say this Sandman took my breath away when Sandman walked across the street. Yes. That is a, that is a good looking horse. Yes. The gray. Very spooky looking like a ghost. Yeah. There's also, I think there's one, there's a story. I think it might be Sunday silence. I can't remember. There's basically one horse that basically started horse racing in Japan. Like Yeah. Like all the, all the horses in Japan are, are related to, to one horse Genis Ks horse. Yeah.


Genis Khans horse Also, did you guys see journalism jockey Umberto Oli, his wife? No. That was very funny. She, they did like a little, both of them were standing there with their kids. Very nice. They were talking to him. He's five feet. His wife who's attractive, I think he's only like five four. She looked like a center next to him over him. That was crazy. I don't know if you can pull it up memes, but it was a very fun and they did the interview for like three minutes and it was just, it was crazy to see it. Let's see. You just forget how small jockey's been. They're very, very small. Yeah. Oh, this is a nice picture of them on it. Oh yeah. That is a, a massive height difference.


Massive Inch. But that she's only, yeah. It's like I tweeted about it and someone, I think Stanford, Steve texted me, she's like, she's actually only like five five or five four. They've got a, a great picture of him carrying her. Yeah. It's like she don't do that, man, you're gonna blow your back out. It's very funny. All right. Right. We founded memes. You could put it into the show maybe the, the the from the telecast you see. Did you see picture of the Spurs rookie of the years winners? Yes. Tim Duncan. Yeah. And we weby it was Tim Duncan, WEBY Robinson and Stefan Castle. And Tim Duncan not only doesn't look like he ever played basketball 'cause he's got his hair out and he's like beard. But Tim Duncan and David Robinson are seven footers and they look like they're five 11.


That's the way. That's crazy. It's, it's, He's a freak. Yeah. He is such a freak. Did you guys know that? That a human can beat a horse in a long distance race? I Believe it. And like a 26 miler. There's a race that they do. He gets hired every year over in England somewhere and it's, it's man verse horse and man wins like 20% of the time. That's Crazy. Yeah. That is crazy. They're not built for distance like us. Alright. Others? Someone riding the horse, obviously. Yeah. Someone, someone's riding the horse. Yeah. So that is, I guess that does, I think someone's riding it, but that would throw a little wrench into it where it's like Yeah. It's not just the horse. They're also pulling a human. Yeah. But still fuck horses. We're Faster. And shout out our guy Randy Moss, who we'll have back on for the Preakness. Alright, so we're gonna have, we have Whitney talking all the hockey we have who's back coming up.


I had one other thing similar to the Rockies thing that we brought up. Fuck the Monto Brothers. Yeah, the the two guys Fuck them. They got one guy that looks like a penis. Chuck And Chuck and da. I can't remember their names. We're gonna get more on that, but fuck them. We should just mention the fact that Aaron judges, it's insane what he's doing. And it's may because now may, may is when you start to pay attention and be like, oh shit from like around the league. Like, oh man, this guy Aaron Judge is hitting 4 23 with 11 home runs. He's hitting 4 23. There's, I looked it up. There are 20 guys total hitting over 300 in the entire major league baseball.


And Aaron judges hitting over four hundreds Do it in October. Aaron, he actually did kind of do it in October last year. Yeah. It wasn't his fault. But still they Also, I saw weird. It wasn't his fault except for the air he made in the game that they lost. That's true. That's Completely blow the World Series. That's a valid point. I think that's one thing that would get America way back into baseball. It's like, you remember the, the McGuire? So hitting 400. Hitting 400. Yeah. If we're on 400 watch in August, people are gonna be watching baseball again. Yeah. 400 watch would be fun. Yeah, it would be very fun. But yeah, he's, I mean it's crazy how many, there's, there's, I don't even know what the math would be. How many major league baseball players are there? Like batting like 400 active.


Right. Or like, you know what I mean? Let's see. Minimum Nine times 32. What, what are the minimum? Okay. 502 played appearances to qualify for a batting title. Okay. So I assume that's when a 400 would reach Yeah. Yeah. Like peak. How many plate appearances does Aaron Judge have this season? Let's see, let's see. Aaron Judge, We're missing, we're really missing Max being able to Google things slower than what we're doing right now. Yeah. He's way better at It. Yeah, he's way better at not getting it. Aaron Judge has right now 125 at Bats. Okay. So about about a quarter of the way there. Yeah. He should shut it down once he reaches that number.


Yeah. That'd make everybody so mad. That would make everyone so mad If he gets his mysterious like mid-season injury Also Technically 400. Yeah. A weird, just a weird story from baseball. Apparently the Rays steinbrenner field where they're playing this year is like the craziest wind possible and they're complaining about the wind, the rays. The rays are, yeah. There there was an article. I, I couldn't, well it's, I couldn't read it 'cause of the paywall, but it said Rays facing more than opponents when hitting at Steinbrenner field. Frustrat frustrations including varying wins have started to impact players and get them to change their style. Well it's, that's a valid complaint because it it, the wind only blows when the razor open.


Correct. Yeah. Correct. Correct. That's a crazy thing though, to complain about the wind. You can't complain about the wind. No. You can't complain about the wind. You gotta just let the wind go. You gotta let the wind do its thing. Wind is real. Yeah. Wind is real. You just gotta let it go. You gotta let it do its thing. Okay, let's do who's back of the week and then we have Ryan Whitney, and then we have Jordan talk after Ryan Whitney before lottery balls.


Okay, before we get to who's back of the week, Gametime NBA playoffs are here. And the only place to buy hard to get playoff tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner of the Barstool Sports with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets price on the app actually go down the close, gets a tip off. You could save up to 60% when buying last minute tickets or looking at tickets for the Knick Celtics, which is tonight Game one in Boston. It is 160 bucks to get in. I saw I hit the GT pick setting and it is some great deals. You can be even in the lower bowl for 300 bucks. So what are you waiting for? Go to Gametime picks tickets right now and hit that GT pick setting. Take the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime,


who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends at truly, truly unruly lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take Lemonade. Let loose. 8% a BV 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors bump and blue RAs OG original lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Get unruly this summer. It's getting warm out. Everything's getting nicer. Golf. Everything's happening. Ball games, backyard barbecues beach. Go right now. Truly unruly Lemonade combines a high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. 8% a BVA hundred percent delicious.


Okay, Hank, who's back of the week. My who's back of the week is Scotty Scheffler. Yeah. Big time back. What A beast. Wire wired a wire dominating performance. 31 under par. The guy that came in second was came lost by eight strokes. He he was 23 under. Is that a record? That's gotta be, that's gotta be the most dev. I think it tied the record. Or, or maybe broke it by one. But it's gotta be devastating to have like the best week of your life and not even sniff coming in first. Not Even sniff. What What I love about Hank is he's wearing his Sunday red right now. 'cause you played, you look like you look like Tiger on Sunday. Thank you. Yeah. How'd you shoot?


I played pretty well. I I got nine holes in before I came back for the, for the pod. Love That. Games. Games trending upward. I'm, I'm, I'm here, we're here for the Beck Gala. Entertained some clients. Had a great time. Yeah. Didn't, didn't Bryson have a really good back nine today too? Yeah. Today. Yesterday they were in Hong Kong, but he, he won Liv lot of, lot of good storylines heading into the PGA championship. Justin Powell. Yeah. Which is when I think it's ne not this upcoming weekend, but the weekend after. Love That Scotty Sheffield. Did you guys see his post game? Like I sky scheffler? It doesn't seem like the most emotional guy, but it's his hometown tournament and he had his son who was born, he missed this tournament last year.


'cause his son was born right around this tournament. Remember there was the Yep. The whole we're we're not gonna play. And then it took a while. We love Scotty Scheffler, but it was funny because they gave him a picture of him with Byron Nelson when he was six years old while holding his son. And he like started to get a little emotional. It was, it was like they had to plug the computer back in. It was good to see him get a little emotional. He might be on that fuck u tour right now. He might be on the the fuck U tour. He's dialed. I did say he's gotta get the fuck U tour going. Yeah. He shot a 61, 63. 66. 63 for 31 under Insane, insane. He was, it was funny. I was tracking it because I was like, you could see right when he started on Thursday, I think he started the front nine.


Like he was he was like 800 Before Yeah. 29. Yeah. Before you could even blink. And I went to look at like the, the odds and he was like, maybe four holes in this is after someone else had started the day, I don't know, like nine under to finish the day. Four holes in. He was like minus one 50 and then like nine holes in. He was like minus 2000 to win the tournament. Did you see that shot that he had of the bunker? It was a three iron. Yeah. Outta the bunker on a par five that he stuck to like 10 feet. It's, it's insane what he's doing. He's so good. Yep. He's so good. Good. Who's back? Hank? Thank you. Yeah. Great. Who's back? Hank Pt. Thank you. My who's back of the week is Alcatraz. Oh, Alcatraz is back baby.


They shut that fucking island down. And about 30 minutes ago, Donald Trump put out a, a press release said, for too long, America has been plagued by vicious, violent and repeat criminal offenders who will never contribute anything other than misery of suffering. That is why today I am directing the Bureau of Prisons together with Department of Justice, FBI and Homeland Security to reopen a substantially enlarge and rebuilt Alcatraz to house America's most ruthless and violent offenders. Now, Alcatraz, the prison that's in the San Francisco Bay are, Excuse me? Are you talking about The rock? I'm talking about the rock. The this is, this is what's most interesting to me about reopening Alcatraz is the Rock is Back. And if you haven't seen The Rock it may, it might be the best movie ever made.


Brock Heim Was joint. I think It actually Wait W winners go home and fuck the prom queen. It Is, it it, you're right. It might be the perfect movie. It Is the perfect movie. It's got everything. Sean Connery, Nick Cage, prisons, terrorists, terrorists, planes, Weird biological weapons. Yeah. That look kind of delicious. Yes. When he disassembles the weapons. Yes. And it's those like green glass balls with, with the poison side. I just wanna snack into one of those bad boys. It looks like a big Jolly Rancher. The rock. The Rock. So yeah. Alcatraz is back. Fun fact about Alcatraz. Did you know that it did not have a death row? I did Not. Even though it was like, you know, for some of the most badass criminals, it wasn't like a place that they would execute you, but it sounds like they're going to enlarge it.


They're enlarging Al Alcatraz. Okay. They might put in a, an electric chair or something there. I don't know. But yeah, Alcatraz, the prison's back. That Is pretty cool. Which does Suck because I'm assuming that they won't still have tours there anymore. Yeah, I would say they probably won't. Oh, by the way, it was Michael Bay, not Bruckheimer, Michael Bay and B Bruckheimer went like, they, they went round, you know, bar for bar for like the entire nineties. Just being like, who's gonna have the coolest summer movie? Who did Conair? Was that Bay? I don't know. Or was that Bruckheimer? Let's, let's do a little quick. You look up, you look up Bruckheimer. I'll look up Michael Bay. Okay. Bruckheimer. Because It was, it was like everything, every summer you'd be like, all right, which movie's gonna be so sick this summer?


Michael Bay. What did he have? What did, what did Bruckheimer Bruckheimer joint. Okay. So if we're going to the nineties, The Rock might be the, the most, and I guess catch me if you can like the most watchable TV movies of all time. All right. So, so I I I count the early two thousands as the nineties as well. Yes. So basically, I, I came to this conclusion the other day, the last time, like America was like, truly America's was when we were selling the H two Hummers that were just, they were, they, they're just like military vehicles and people were driving it to, to like Whole Foods. Yeah. It's like Schwarzenegger has one of these so I need one too. Yeah. When We were just doing shit. Big shit. Just for the fuck of it. Yeah. So here's, here's what we're looking at from Bruckheimer in the mid nineties.


This is, oh man, this is an incredible run. Oh man. This is gonna be actually this. I I'm, I'm excited to see what you have, but I've got some good ones with Michael. Be, I'm Not even gonna start with Crimson Tide. Okay. I won't even mention Crimson Tide. That's Actually just a good move. Like that doesn't even, that's not really a bruckheimer. That doesn't count for It's an art house. Yeah. What we're talking about. Okay. All right. That was his indie film. Listen to this three movie run. Okay. We had The Rock. No, wait, that's Michael Bay Bruckheimer. Oh, they both Did it. They both did it. Oh, that's hilarious. So we're idiots 'cause he is listed as The Rock. Okay. Alright. But here we Go. Wait, tell me Armageddons not on there. The Rock, Conair and Armageddon.


Okay. So he did Arm. So they're the same person. Yeah. 'cause my three were bad boys. The Rock Armageddon Top Gun. That's pretty damn good. That's pretty awesome. I got Pearl Harbor Bad Boys. Two Transformers. These guys Rock. Yeah. Wait, so they did, did they just maybe I think, I think Bruckheimer produced and Michael made directed. Yeah. They Were our tag team duo. Yeah. So they basically were like, we're both so sick at this. Let's just do it together. So here, here we go. That's why The Rock and Armageddon or two of the best summer movies of all time, The Rock Con Air Armageddon gone in 60 Seconds. Then we're looking at National Treasure. Yeah. These guys are the best. I mean, you just named So if if we just went through, if we combined them.


Yeah. Bad Boys. The Rock Armageddon Gone in 60 Seconds. Black Hawk Down Pearl. Pearl Harbor Transformers. Shout out Michael Bay and Jerry Bruckheimer. Oh shit. There's another big one that we left out. What? Big one? Kangaroo Jack. Oh no. Shit. We gotta talk to Jerry about That. We gotta talk to Jerry about it. We gotta talk to Jerry by the way. Just a, he's Probably thought like Jerry Jerry's gonna be my new Nick Cage. Yeah, Little, little promo. So we're gonna be down in Scottsdale for the be Gala Hank's already there. And our good friend Mr. Bing Bong, Jerry O'Connell will be there. So we'll have, I think the red carpet's gonna be live streamed and then we'll have clips of us watching Game one. Are you nervous at all about Mr. Bing Bong game one?


No, I'm excited. I'm excited to see him in person and no, I'm excited for the series. Are you nervous? All that ESPN all 11 analysts picked the Boston Celtics. That makes me a little nervous. Yeah. I don't like that. Yeah. But Are you nervous at all that Shams is reporting that the Celtics are gonna make big changes in the off season? No. Okay. That's interesting though. I don't know why they would do that. Well, Because I think it's financially, yeah. Financially I Think if there's like a luxury tax implication that I don't, I don't understand, but I I do understand that could be a problem. Don't understand any of the money. No, none of it makes sense to me. Okay, good. Who's back? The Rock. The Rock. The Rock. My who's back? I have two, actually I have three one's real quick.


Jim Harbaugh is just Back. 'cause he went on Rich Eisen show and he said that he woke up like in the middle of the night the other night and just said to himself, I have to get Justin Herbert to the Hall of Fame. That was a real thought that he woke up in the middle of the night with. I love that. So that means that that is a sign. Football is coming. I'm getting very close to my first, I can't wait for college football tweet. I, I wait till I feel it. I almost felt it the other day This afternoon. I had a strange feeling, Big Cat. And I was thinking that I, I should be excited right now. There was something about the clock that I was like, there's, I'm not as amped up as I need to be right now. What's missing in my life? I looked at the calendar. We are now exactly four months away.


Love it. From NFL Sundays. Love it. Four Months from NFL Sundays At the time it was the witching hour. Yeah. And that I was missing, my life was missing. You know, the uncertainty, the impending doom, the excitement of the witching hour. Yeah. And we're so close to being back, So close to being back also football related. Abdul Carter, he just can't pick a number. He, he went from saying he wanted Lawrence t Sorry, Lawrence Taylor, Lawrence Taylor's number. And then he was like, no, Lawrence Taylor was like, Nope, you can't have 56. It's retired. That's the whole point of being retired. And then he is like, all right, how about Phil Sims? 'cause I wore 11 in college and Phil Sims was like, also, no, pick, Pick your own number man.


What is he addicted to? Just is is Abdul Carter the guy everyone knows is like, he only, he only wants to hit on your, his friend's girlfriend. I don't know. He's is Abdul Carter a loser? I it's very weird. A weird tumble guy of all time. I mean to do two number, the first one. I get it. You know, hey linebacker, I wanna play, you know, rusher. I wanna shoot my shot. You know, Lawrence Taylor, maybe it'd be cool if he was like, you know what, this will be awesome. Yeah. You'll live up to the hype. But then he'd be like, no, you know what, I want 11 too. You should not ask Lawrence Taylor for the number though. No, No. I, that's all he is got. Yeah. I he's definitely not, he's an awesome football player. I'm just pissed off that the Giants have him. But still very weird behavior to on day one, go into your new company and be like, I want the numbers of the two most famous guys that everybody loves.


Right. And, and again, the first one I get it, take your, shoot your shot. The second one, like Penn State fans were like, well he wore 11 in Penn State. And that's the meaningful number. 'cause you know, LaVar Arrington and Michael Parsons still, it's weird. Well that just means that he's a serial other people's number guy. Yeah. Yeah. He can't, he can't go his own way. And you can be whatever number you want in the NFL now. They don't care. Yeah. So just pick any, like literally any other number. Any Number, any number. And then my last, who's back is we, we, we didn't talk about it 'cause it came out, I think it was Friday, it came out, I hate to report this, but if there had been a game seven Lakers, Timberwolves, LeBron James would've not played.


Yeah. So we had the sprained MCL. Right. He has a pretty much sprained MCL sprained, MCL Doctor's. Never seen a, a knee like that before. Dante di Vincenzo jacked him up over the middle. Sprained MCL did weirdly play the last eight minutes of the game looking completely fine. But then after the game was limping in the hallway and the report came out and said, Hey guys, just so you know, he wouldn't have been able to play even though took LeBron's credit. He like, has never missed any playoff games. So that's a shame. Weird timing. He's Never missed any playoff games. But he, he would've missed a lot, a lot, a lot of playoff games had the series not ended.


Correct. He's like the least healthy guy after the scenes is over. Very weird timing. It's, it's basically the opposite of how they do it in hockey, where you basically have to Dr like, you know, a guy is injured for an entire playoff run and then after the playoffs he doesn't say it or any of his people say it. There'll be like a press release from the team being like, yeah, actually he was playing the entire hockey playoffs as a quadriplegic. Yeah. You get it, it'll be back in three months. You Get like a, a press release from a hospital that just operated. I'll be like, we have to notify you about this legally. He didn't want us to tell anybody, but you should just know because he's taking up five of our surgeon's time right now. Yeah. We had to amputate his legs. Yeah. He, he actually played the entire hockey playoffs with two broken legs and no lungs.


So with LeBron it's interesting because the, the whole like you know, build, building in your narrative. Your excuse after the fact. It's something he's done a couple times. But this is one case where I don't think anybody was on LeBron's ass about it. No. LeBron's ass was Clean. He's sporty. His ass was clean. Everybody was looking at Luca. Yeah. And all like, Luca was every, we were all talking about Luca is fat. And then LeBron's like, oh, all, Hey guys. By the way, I'm injured, by the way. My, my MCL is made of dog meat now. Yeah. And it's crazy because like LeBron, I'm not the biggest LeBron fan. He is 40. Right. Like, The fact that he's still doing it at 40 is insane. Yeah. I don't think anyone expects LeBron to be 30-year-old LeBron anymore. So it was totally unnecessary.


Maybe they just have, maybe his team just has like a calendar reminder and they didn't double check. They're like, Hey, it's, it's May, early May, let's make sure that we put out that press release of an injury. And they forgot to double check being like, you sure you need this, this, this year? Yeah. It was just a calendar invite. Yeah. If they accepted it's, it's weird LeBron, I think he is like, yes, he flops and he embellishes things, but when it comes to playing in games, he's tough. Like he's, he's played through a lot of injuries before, but he always has to remind us Yeah. That he's injured always. And there's, And to not play a hypothetical game, it was just so extra to be like, if game six had happened tonight, yeah. He would not be playing. It sucks. 'cause I had the over and his points scored in hypothetical game style.


Oh Shit. Yeah. I'm sorry for your loss. Bad beat. I apologize. Okay, let's, let's talk some hockey 'cause we had a great hockey weekend. We're gonna do it with Ryan Whitney, our good friend. And then after Ryan Whitney before lottery balls. I think, we'll, instead of a Monday reading until this entire escapade dies down, it will just be Jordan of the week because we have a new story. So we do, we'll Finish. This is the worst one, by the way, After Whitney, This is the worst thing she's done. Yeah. I thought we were doing Stones Of the week. Oh, we'll do Stones of the Week too. We'll do Stones of the Week and Jordan of the week. But before we get to Ryan Whitney, PFT, you had a couple ads


This episode, a part of my take is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips, new mc crispy strips are here. It's chicken Made for Dipping. I've got 'em right in front of me. We had these last week. They are legit. These are delicious. It's tender juicy white meat chicken with golden brown peppery, breading it's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. The Creamy Chili Mc crispy the strip dip. It's a sauce. It's creamy, it's savory, it's sweet with a little bit of heat, but it works with any of their other sauces. I'm telling you, these Mc crispy strips are my favorite thing on the menu right now. Juicy white meat. And it's got this real crispy bread into it. Delicious. Dip it in that sauce. The Creamy Chili Mc Crispy thank me Later. New Mc Crispy strips. The new Creamy Chili mc crispy strip dip. It's chicken made for dipping. It's only at McDonald's. Shout out McDonald's. We love McDonald's. It is the absolute best and smells like golden delicious brown fries in the studio right now, which is fantastic.


Ryan Whitney's also brought to you by our good friends over at Hey dude, I was rocking my hey dudes earlier today. And if you haven't tried, hey dude shoes yet, they're unlike anything. Hey, dudes are the foundation of comfort, the ultimate slip-on shoe, lightweight, breathable, ridiculously comfortable. We're talking cushioned insoles that feel like little pillows under your feet with so many styles. Hey dude has the perfect shoes to slip into every day. Find your perfect pair@heydude.com. And now here's Ryan Whitney.


Okay, we now welcome on our favorite guest 'cause he is been on the most, he holds the record. He has the crown. It is Ryan Whitney. Very special guest. And it's perfect timing 'cause we just watched the Winnipeg Jets win in double overtime to complete the first round of the Stanley Cup playoffs. And Witt, we wanna talk about the whole weekend because we had two great game sevens, incredible game sevens. But let's start with this game. I don't even know what to say. They scored a goal with 1.6 seconds left to force overtime. I mean, what, what even, how does that happen? Tell me how that happened. How, how that, how that happens in that moment. Who needs drugs when you can just watch the Stanley Cup playoffs guys.


It's true. It's true mean it's actually at this point, like every year you're saying first rounds nuts. First round nuts. This was the craziest first round I think of all time. A couple people disagree with me on Twitter, but a lot of people are like, no, he is right. This was madness. And it ended off in perfect fashion. I mean, it basically was done, it was dead from the beginning of that game with Winnipeg St. Louis. Winnipeg had nothing. I think they had three shots in the first period. St. Louis dominated game six at home with Gruden in the building. Yep. And, and they come into Winnipeg. It's like hella buck can't save the save the puck. He's got like the yips, like in golf as a goalie.


He gets pulled in three of the games. I mean, the fact that this was maybe not even the craziest series. It it's just, it's just wild. And, and that tying goal, pretty lucky actually. If you notice EERs took a shot. He went to take a one-timer and whiffed on it and it goes right back to him. He slides it over to Kyle Connor, who, who I think kind whipped on a shot himself. But it goes right. Toti his second tip in golf from Kyle Connor. And it, it was over and it was done. And if EERs doesn't maybe whiff on that first one-timer it, it might get to the goalie and he makes a savor, kicks it out and that's it. So just the biggest game of inches. But Winnipeg had, had nothing in that first period. Completely turned it on.


And I, I feel bad for the blues players in a way like that. They had that thing and to, to pull the goalie and get two goals, getting one that happens. But to get two, I'm still kind of like all over the map boys. My brain is, Yeah, I'm shocked. I was shocked for the entire overtime. I was like, I can't believe we're here. I have a question about heli buck and then overtime question, but do you think there was any chance they were gonna maybe pull him in that first period again? Because what, what, where's the line? Because he was, it was Jekyll and Hyde all, all series when he was away. And then they start game seven and it looks like, oh fuck, he's just not seeing it again. Yeah. Or like, do you think that ever was discussed? I oh man.


I I was kind of 50 50 after the second goal. 'cause the first goal was like this two on one weird play. And he, he's kind of like desperate to get over Peco passes it back and Kai ru so it wasn't really on him. But then the second one, it's like, I don't know. I feel like you gotta save that, save that shot. I don't think it was deflected, but credit, credit to Scott O'Neill. I, I mean people were biz was ranting from the rooftops about starting Comy in game five after the madness of game three and four in St. Louis. But starts him, gets the win, but then goes back, gets pulled again in St. Louis. And you knew he was starting, but IIII think I was kind of more so keep him in. Yeah. And then, and then if a third one goes in, obviously he's getting the hook.


Yeah. But Arne Arne, you know, stuck to his, what what will probably be the MVP of the league. I think he might win MVP, forget the Sny. He is. Got that locked up. And then what's crazy about that game is he really kind of, he found his game when they got to overtime and, and they dominated Winnipeg as as a team. But there were some pretty big saves by hella buck. And he, and he wasn't even in, in the net, Yan sent the group text a, a text. Like, are they better without him in, in goal? 'cause they got the two goals with the net pulled. Right. And maybe this is something that actually gets him over the hump. Like we won a series where I sucked in three of the games. He actually sucked in in the, in in game one too. And they won that one. And maybe now it's like, oh my God, kind of the demons of the first round are gone and, and he can go and become the MVP.


We know. But yeah, I, I was with you Dan. I I thought he might be getting hooked there. It It was just like, holy shit. The Jets, like, they don't look like they know how to play hockey. They were horrible. The horrible, yeah. And the confidence has to be terrible when your goalie is not seeing it. Yeah. Like, I'd imagine it just, it goes throughout the entire team where you're like, holy fuck. We're like, if he's not seeing it, we're screwed. It, it seeps into the team no matter what. Because we're like, we have to be perfect. And then you're, you know, you, if you're trying to play perfect, you're never gonna play well. And that's with a goalie who maybe is kind of, you know, not a great goalie in the league usually. This is, this is even different because he's the best goalie. Right. This is like we, we've lived with Connor Helle book dominating and winning us games.


And now like all of a sudden, you know, his kryptonite has arrived, which is the playoffs. And, and credit to them, man, they got it done. It is So it isn't just like this series, he's been like noticeably different as a goalie in every playoff series he's ever played. Right. Like I was seeing some stats that show there's a significant downturn once he gets there. No. So I, so lately, yes, last year and this year, last year, Colorado just red light all night. And I think it was five games, but I saw a clip or a stat. I didn't even from I think 2018 to 2023, he was great. I think like 2 5, 2 6 goals against 9 10, 9 15 say percentage, you know, really good numbers.


And, and then something happened last year. And then, you know, you figure, all right, well he had a great regular season. He wins the venet again and now it's, it is time to shine. It's not Colorado either. St. Louis' offense is not the AVEs, but no, it's the same thing. And so I'm wondering if, I'm wondering if against Dallas, we, we see the hella buck that the last two regular seasons has been, has been the guy. Yeah. Yeah. So it gets to overtime, it gets to two overtimes. At, at what point do you as a player start to feel that same pressure? Because I feel like in that instance, the fans, when they're watching overtime, hockey game seven, it's painful. If you're a fan of those teams, do you have that same feeling as a player on the ice where like your butt holds super tight, you're sweating, you're nervous, it's like, it's painful to play.


'cause one mistake is the end of your season. Are you able, are the players on the ice able to just focus and play like they normally do? I, I think you're completely able to, to focus and play. And I got to play, I played in one double overtime game. It was the cup finals we actually won. And it was similar because we tied it up. Max Talbot scored with under a minute left in Detroit, and then Peter Kora scored end of double overtime. And maybe on the bench you're a little bit like, oh my God. Oh my God. But on the ice, I remember feeling as calm as ever. I I I think it was partly due to just like we, if we didn't win the, the, the, the cup was Detroits Right. Like you're totally, it's a noose situation in a weird way.


You have nothing to lose, I should say. And, and I was rem I remembered after being like, wow. Like the fan bases are just, they, it's a panic time. Yeah. But we, I, I remember actually thinking after like how, how calm everyone kind of felt and, and really get on the ice and just do your job and then, and get a, get a little breather And shorter shifts I would imagine. 'cause you just, Yes. And then you gotta gotta start kind of rolling. Like you almost gotta get the fourth line in the mix if they haven't been, which St. Louis was really rolling lines. He did a good job of that. But yeah, that's why like the, the legendary Peter Klima rest in peace. He scored I think triple overtime Edmonton Oilers against the Bruins in the cup finals 1990 or 91. And he hadn't played like in the second, third or first overtime.


Yeah. And, and you know, that's the guy who gets the winner. Alright, so the other game, seven oh stars, stars AAVs Saturday night, by the way, thank you so much for giving me the AAVs as my future. Oh, well you mother fucking me all week. Well, I mean, listen, it was, it was, I said it, it was a fun ride for two games. The first two games were awesome and then it was just all fell apart. But it was an incredible series. I watched every second of the series. It was just like, I know I lost, but it was, it was incredible series that abs that abs game though. Like the, I don't wanna call it a choke, but tell us, start with this, the penalty on Drury. I know people were debating it. That felt like just like an idiotic thing to do in the moment with four minutes left, he pulls down.


Who do you pull down? Sagan Sa Sagan. Yeah. He pulls him down from behind, like kind of right in front of the ref. I don't know if I, you tell me if that was something that usually gets called, I just thought of it more as like, what, what are you doing, dude? Like why are you doing this in this moment? You can't take a power play in this moment. I, I think in the neutral zone, no penalty there, but in the defensive zone where Sagan could possibly get that loose puck right off the hop, I was like, oh, I don't know man, three minutes up, whatever it was. Game seven. But looking at it more that that's kind of a, a, a call that, that I don't disagree with. The more I think about it, it was, it was almost like desperation mode. Like, you know, he doesn't want to have to do that. He just gets on the wrong side of him and it's panic mode felt bad for him.


Like you never wanna see the guy like be in the box. Right. For, for, for, for that moment. You almost feel bad. But I I I in the end kind of was like, all right, I get it. But if it was in the neutral zone and they call it, I, I think it's ridiculous, but with a possible scoring chance and a loose puck right there. I understood it. Yeah. What do you have to do to get called for a penalty in an overtime, especially like game seven overtime You would hope it would have to be just an assault like, like a blatant where even, even the, the fans of that team is like, that's a penalty, which never happens. I mean, every fan base, there's no penalties against their team that are the right call. But for me it's gotta be something like, like that where it's, it's, it's really stopping a possible scoring chance.


A possible, you know, chance for like a two on one in the neutral zone, a blatant trip when the guy has the puck. But if it's, if it's at all 50 50, put the whistles away And, and do players adjust their style of play knowing that like, this ref is not gonna call me for the ticky tack shit. I think ex a little bit, I would say specifically in front of the net, where you can be maybe a little bit more vicious, right? Like your cross checks can get a little bit harder. You can lift up sticks a little bit harder. Like things that are total like battle plays, 50 50 pucks. You're, you're knowing like, all right, I I I I'm not gonna get a call against me here. Yeah. Obviously if, if it goes haywire or it's like usually ends up kind of being a high stick out of a battle that's not, not on purpose, but it gets the guy up high in the chin and, and the ref has to call it whether he is bleeding or not.


Yeah. But at that, at that moment, it's like you're playing so hard and so desperate you're not even really worried about a penalty because you're also considering like, they're gonna let us decide this thing five on five, which is how it should be. Yeah. Right. I agree. Guys should have little like razor blades under their gloves, like in wwe, like, just give yourself a little nick, it's bleeding. That's four minutes in the box. Well, I, I think people have tried, they get a high stick and then they're just scratching away hoping to CC blood. Yeah, I respect that. Explain to us how, on the scale of like revenge games, the Miko ran in game for a, a hat trick in Game seven against a team. He was on, what, nine months ago? I mean, he was traded I January-ish.


February-ish. Oh, so it was less than that. Yeah. I thought he was traded to, wasn't he traded to Hurricanes first? Yes. Yeah. So they got him outta the, they got him outta the Western conference. Right, right. You know, and, and, and they're like, and, and the, the story kind of has come out that he really wanted to stay in Colorado. They wouldn't budge on the number. Now you're kind of getting different sides. But it, at the end of the day, all right, we're gonna move on. And we think that, that Martin Neches can do what he does because of Nathan McKinnon at two thirds the price or whatever it was. And that ended up being a movie. That was a movie script. Yeah. I mean, not, not to mention that Carolina sends him back to the same division.


They're already pretty much locked in, locked in stone to play each other first round. You know, McFarland, the GM of, of, of Colorado had to be like, you know, puking when he saw that trade. Yeah. But he went over there and I, I wanna say 17, 18 points in like 20 games with Dallas regular season. Right. Roughly around a point per game. But not, not the guy that you saw with, with McKinnon. And all of a sudden Twitter's the, he's a McKinnon merchant, he's a McKinnon merchant, he can't play without him. And then first four games of the series. I think it was a point, you know, like nothing special, like where is this guy? Like, is he a McKinnon merchant? And oh my God, did this guy come alive?


I mean he had 11 points in game five, six and seven combined and crazy to, to to, to end up doing that down two goals. How about this stat? I don't know if you guys heard this on the broadcast going into Colorado Dallas game seven, three times a team had been down two goals in the third period in the history of the NHL playoffs in a game seven. And tied it up, it was Montreal in 79 against the Bruins. It was the Bruins in 2014 against the Leafs. And it was 2019 Sharks against the, the Vegas Golden Knights. It happened back to back Knights Boys. That's Crazy. Three Times in the history of league.


So I, I'm looking at that game McKinnon scores early in the third. I'm like, they got him, I, I, this is it. And, and something happened whether, whether Ranted and told himself, like I'm, I'm taking this game over whether the first goal got him going, which was a Snipe bar down. And then, I don't know, it's just, it's just one of the coolest storybook endings I've ever seen. And you gotta think guys in the AVEs on the plane after are just like, that did not just happen. Like, that guy was in our locker room like 35 games ago or whatever it Was. Yeah. He was so he was an ave for 10 years, won a cup Yes. Got traded the hurricanes for 13 games and then got traded to the Stars and then just beat them with a hat trick in game seven.


That's insane. And, and the craziest quote after was McKinnon who, it, it's quite obvious, like probably one of the most competitive guys in the league. Very demanding as a teammate, one of the greatest players I've ever seen. And after he said, yeah, we just, we just lost to them. They didn't have their best defense, but in their best forward, like, I, I don't know what we do now, like, like to totally just like, like Shellshock disgusted and, and to see his, his running mate, like his line mate and the, and the guy he did it all with when they did get their cup be the hero. It was incredible. And the, the Ronin, the craziest part was he had like three other like amazing passes.


Like he could have had seven points in the game. Yeah. Like he was just all over the ice and he had to feel good. And I thought the coolest part was his interview after, I dunno if you guys saw on the bench talking about like, you know, I'm, I'm, I, I love those guys in those room and, And we were enemies for seven games and, but I appreciate them, but just, just to get that win felt so good. It was, it was a really good interview on the bench after. Yeah. Are the stars getting both those guys back? I don't think it'll be for game one, but it sounds like in the second round we'll see both of them. I think Dallas is gonna be very hard to beat now. I think that, and I, and I think either team, either team was, it was, it was like that, that was kind of like a, a Western conference final in the first round. So I, so also I heard that the Glass banger's gonna be back if they get to the Western Conference finals, which will be huge.


Well, they were letting 'em out of solitary confinement for Stars games and then they, they were putting the, the Hannibal Lecter mask on him back in solitary confinement, but Stars games, he could come out and they gave him a meal and he could watch. Are you, are you in favor of how they do the NHL Playoffs with the new seating? I know it's not new, but it's like, you know, whatever, however many years it's happened, but like you get a situation where it happened last year with the stars of the Knights. Yep. It happens this year with the abs and, and the stars where these, I think the, I think the AVEs were the second best team on points in the Western conference and the Stars were the fourth. And it's like these two teams could be Cup teams and they have to play in the first round.


Yeah. I've, I've flip flopped back and forth. I'm kind of back to, I don't hate it and it does, the one bad thing is, is what happens. And even Florida Tampa was kind of similar. I mean, Florida ended up making that, that, that kind of discussion look foolish winning in five. But I I I'm back on the side of not hating it because the first round, you get the most eyeballs on the first round. So you're kind of guaranteeing yourself. While it sucks for the team who loses one incredible series, I mean, every analyst I saw said that that series is going seven games. Right. And then it, it was like a, it was a lock. So, you know, you're getting incredible hockey and it sucks for the losing team, but you're still have you still have some awesome second round matchups, but it ends up also being pretty close to what it would be if it was one verse eight, the ideal situation Big Cat would be one verse 16 and it's no east and west.


And it's like, Ooh, I like that. You could get the Canadians and the Bruins and the cup final type thing. I like that. But they'll, they'll never do that based on the travel and the cost. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I, I understand the haters of it, but I also am like, first round the viewership seems to almost die down a little bit. Maybe it's like, you know, warmer weather comes, it's just kind of natural. People aren't watching as much hockey. So the first round, you know, you got some bangers. Yeah. And, and there were a lot of bangers. So looking ahead to Golden Knights and Oilers in the second round, this is a, this is a must win for your boys. Yes. You can't take a step back this year, right? No, no, you can't. And some kind of off season moves that, that were really questioned all year seeing what, what Holloway did in, in Broberg and St.


Louis. And then seeing how much like Jeff Skinner struggled in Edmonton. It's like, oh, what the hell is going on? But something happened in Edmonton, thank God for Jim Hiller, the coach of LA who really, I don't know if I remember a coach kind of costing his team as much as he did. Like that series was done. That was over. I mean, that was four games of LA Dominating. And, and they, they, it ends up two, two and La and, and the Oilers found their game in Game Five. Same thing with Game six. So now I'm, I'm believing again and thinking it could happen. This is, this is a monster though. Like, we're we're dealing with a, a Goliath, a team who also didn't play great. Minnesota had them on the ropes a little bit.


Yeah. Shocking in that series. But it's almost similar to what I feel about Edmonton getting by LA and finding their game. Vegas, you always gotta win a series. You maybe didn't deserve to win to win the Cup and Vegas might have just had that happen. So we're we're the underdogs, we being the Oilers and, and I could say We Biz says we for the meat leafs, he never played for him. Yeah. So. Right. Like let, let's get ahead of that one. But the Oilers are in one, but if you could steal one in Vegas and the whole ice advantage in, in Edmonton is, is bananas. And I know you saw a game in Montreal, PFD, how cool was that? It Was unreal. It was the craziest building I've ever been in my life. It's, I nobody told me about it. No. I was completely unprepared for just how insane Montreal was gonna be.


Yeah. But God damnit, do I respect them? Yep. Like, fuck them. But also like, I'll take my hat off because you guys are the loudest crowd I've ever heard in my life. Yep. Is Edmonton, is that the same vibe up there as it is in Montreal? Yeah, I think that, I think that the Montreal fans within the play get a little, like, like they're crazy reacting to small good plays. Yeah. Like true haw knowledge. I thought they were, I thought they were cheering for penalties. I thought that there was a penalty call that I didn't see and that's why the crowd was going nuts. But no, it was just like a, I don't know, a 20 foot pass. No. That spread of the needle. You can, you can block a shot and chip it off the glass and out and, and you're getting a cheer. Yeah. And, and Edmonton's the same way. I think that the difference is kind of, Edmonton has this Roger's place, it's a, it's, or is it Rogers Arena?


I always mess those up them in Vancouver. But they have this enormous new spaceship arena where Montreal, the Bell Center, I mean the seats are like this and I'm, I'm just showing how vertical they are. And it's a smaller, older building. Like the concourse are brutal. It's like you're back in 1980, but it creates this atmosphere that that's unmatched. Yeah. Yeah. When they're yelling at you in French, it sounds like a little bit, a little bit polite. And then you realize what they said and they're like, wow, these Guys are fucking mean. The call stab a neck. Yeah. So, but back To Edmonton quick guys. It's, I said this on the stream the other night. It's, it it's bet and Rory to win the masters. Like I know you guys dogged me and you're, I gotta continue to listen to it, but McDavid iss winning a cup.


He's winning a cup. So I'm, this Year when I'm taking him every freaking year as a same way, I was taking Rory every single year. Wait, alright. I actually have a, we wanna talk about the East, but give me this, because I took the abs and they lost. So I don't have any futures or anything left in, in, in the Stanley Cup playoffs. I'm gonna start rooting for storylines. I know MDA is at the top of the list, but gimme a couple other guys who like, if they win, it's like, damn, this was awesome for them. They deserve to win a cup. Number one, Jamie, Ben. Okay. That's kind, that's kind of my, my player right now. Who doesn't have one that, that I feel like, God, that guy deserves one.


He's, I mean, I think, I don't know, 16 years in 17, maybe, maybe a little less. But Ben, a warrior, a beast, a true captain, a leader, and he is done it like teammates love him. He's done it for so long that if Dallas were to get one, that's kind of my guy. I am like, all right Jamie, Ben deserves that. Like, what a way for him to, to play the end out. Right. He's probably, he's probably, you know, maybe three years left, two years left. I don't know exactly. I shouldn't speak for him. But that's one guy. What are some other amazing, I mean the leaf, I, I I the leaves in general. Yeah. The Leaf in general 1967. I just don't, I think it'll be, the end of Chiclets Biz is completely lost in the sauce right now.


Yeah. Maple Leafs. I don't know if you guys caught our interview with Matthew Chu. Did you see how that went down? YI saw the start of it when he came on and biz looked like he was gonna cry. No, it was, it was crazy. So, so Yans was disgusted. Like it was, it was a contentious moment after the pod. 'cause y surprises us with Matthew, Chuck, you know, one of the biggest names in the league. And he comes on and the minute I saw his face, like I knew, I'm like, biz is not Chicklet's host right now. He's on the Maple Leafs and he's about to play you. And so I knew what was coming, but I could see Keith's face, like biz, biz is, he is, he is, he is on the Leafs. And so he's giving it to him. And Matthew Chu's kind of just like dodging questions a little bit and, and being professional.


But that, that is gonna be a war. I cannot wait for that series. I, I don't, I don't think the Leafs can do it. I think Florida is just the fact they added Brad Marshan guys. Like, I don't know if I've ever seen a player fit more perfectly into a team than the way he's kind of come into this team of rats and dirt bags. And that's a compliment by the way. Yeah. And, and, and he's there now and they bully teams. And I think if the leaves beat them, they might win the cup. Like that's how, like scared I am. So we'll see what happens. But it it's a great would Spot on that would be bad for you. That would that be bad? Yeah. The the the, we were laughing about the Lightning Panthers series where it was just, they were just trading off like guys getting suspended for knocking another guy out.


Yes. And then the guy and then Hagel came back and from injury and then knocked someone else, or you know, they got knocked out going back and forth. You got knocked out. Yeah. Yeah. So I think, I think this is a real stat, but if the Leafs win two more rounds in these playoffs, they will then tie the Buffalo Saber for the amount of playoff series victory since the year 2000. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. Oh My God. Saber have been bad And the safer have been bad. Real bad. Same Haven made the playoffs for 14 years. Yeah. This, it's pretty wild stuff. So the Panthers, they you think they could bully the leaves? 'cause you look at the leaves as, as a self-admitted hockey casual, I look at especially their power play and I'm like, how do these guys not score seven goals a game? Yeah.


But are they tough? Can they hold up to the Panthers? They're deacon they, they made a conscious effort to bring in some big strong, tough defensemen. Oliver Eckman Larson was amazing for the Panthers last year. He comes over, they trade for Brandon Carlo from the Bruins, just a stay at home, shut down guy. Chris Tav was the big deal that he ends up signing there. Jake McCabe's a beast. He's, he's, he's played for a while. So they're de a big strong physical. It's, it's the Matthew Chu, Sam Bennett, Brad Marshan up front where, I mean, I'm not even bringing up Barco even though he's like just strong and can't get him off the puck.


But those forwards, when I look at those guys next to Marner Neander, Matthew Ni is a very strong big guy can skate. And I don't think Matthew shies away from contact at all. But when you look at the forward groups, you look at the big strong bully, and then you look at some really skilled kind of kids out at the playground, but possibly could be like, really intimidated when the going gets tough. Yeah, I could be wrong. And the Leafs have never really shown that in, in, in, in all these years. We'll see though, like if, if they could do this, it's, it's a possibility that the curse breaks. So I I respect you flip flop and you said that you are now, you're now picking the capitals to beat the hurricanes in the second round.


I know. Biz flip flop too. Yep. I wanna say I respect your flip flop. I don't respect business because if he's right and the caps win and the leafs win, then he's gonna flip back to picking against me in the next round. So like, look it ahead. I don't want, I don't want b fake friendship. I'll take your friendship. But I'm excited about this series because I feel like it's gonna be maybe the best series out of all four how these two teams match up. I think it's gonna be great. It's, it's Carolina's speed versus, and I don't think Washington's a slow team at all, but they're physical and, and Tom Wilson is a unicorn. I mean, that guy literally just changed a series in the first round with one of the biggest hits I've ever seen. And, and then he has an incredible game.


Five, he scores a big goal and he's just somebody that like nobody else has a guy like him. He's, he's he's way more skilled than people realize. He had over 30 goals this year and he's running around literally trying to kill people. And it, it's like hats off. Hats off to you, buddy. Yeah. And there is no one who who can answer him on, on Carolina. And you know, that's not really a chirp in anyone. They're, they're a smaller team. They're fast, they're skilled, but I think Washington can really kind of beat them up. Like even Pierre, Luke Dubois a big centerman. He can move, he could play physical. So it's like, can Aho, can Seth Jarvis, can these guys out skill them?


I don't know if it's possible. Well wonder too, like Anderson's a great goalie, but he always gets injured. Logan Thompson has a lot to prove. He lost his starting job and Vegas goes on to win the cup. That's why I I was very surprised when he got injured in game three and was ready to go game four and Grinnell was the one to stay on the show. Like, he doesn't want to have it wa he doesn't wanna get Wally Pipped again. And I, and I get it and he was great. So I think it's gonna be a great series. But that's one where I'm like, I don't know if physically the, the Canes can play with Washington. Maybe have especially ka try to run it back with Ovie. See go nine rounds with Ovie again. It didn't, well that did not go well. That did not go Well. Here's, here's one bad thing for if you're doing like team of Destiny's, one na name that we forgot Brent Burns on the, on the hurricane.


That's he's a guy. Yep. Who if he lifted the cup, everyone be like, he's like 41 years old. Yep. He'd be like, holy shit. That's A, and and he has like, I think like 45 pets. He's got snakes, he's got lizards. What? No shit. Oh. Oh. He he's a snake guy. It's crazy. It's crazy. He's an Animal. I don't trust a snake guy. What psycho though? You don't wanna fuck with a snake. No. Snake guys are fucked up. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. Brent Burns is an animal. That's another guy that really deserves a cup. I, I Carolina fans are kind of all always all over biz. And I, and I gave them a bunch of props. I'm like, they got ranted and they got a true GameBreaker and all those fans tell me a ho a ho I'm like, I love a ho. But I just, he's like one little notch beneath like the true superstars.


And, and so I don't, I don't even think if Carolina gets by Washington, like they can win the cup. And, and maybe I'm wrong. I mean, they've won around seven years in a row. That's kind of crazy how hard that is to do. But do they have the team to actually like win it all? And, and I think they've, they've been swept in the past two or three Easter conference finals that they've gotten to. Yeah. Watch it. Watching this CAPS team play all season long. It's, it's made me feel things about the caps I haven't felt since 2018. Yep. The way they play it. I think that a lot of it, there's like two guys, one guy that never gets any shyness Carlson on defense, but the guy, He's still incredible man. He's just been rock solid for like 12 years. Yeah. He just, he just checks in, checks out every day, doesn't fuck anything up. He's a great player.


And then Stro, Dylan Stro has been playing as good as anybody in these playoffs. He's had, I forget how many games in a row he's had a point in. But what is it about a guy like that that is able, the game is like almost slowed down for him and it, it feels like he's just connecting everybody on off. He makes that offense go. He does. And he almost slows down the game. Like he's not an afterburner. Right. He's just crazy. Hockey iq, great passer. And he, he's able to slow it down, right? Like he's able to open up lanes by holding onto it for that, that split second longer than most guys would just to have a lane open up. And the way Backstrom was with Ovie, it's like Stross kind of come in there and, and made it look very similar, which is wild.


I mean, it goes back, I think last time when I was with you guys, it like Chicago didn't qualify him. Chicago just had to give him a qualifying offer and, and he's, you know, gone on to do these amazing things in Washington. I I think that like Manji Pani is another guy. Like, you know, he comes over from Calgary and he's just a solid hockey player on your third line. Like they have guys that just, they get the job done. Like you're talking about Carlson, like they, you know, Carberry knows what he's getting every night from some of these guys and they've all bought in and I know every team that's made it this far. They have a close group and even every team that's in the playoffs, like these locker rooms, they're like brothers. They love each other. But the clips after when Carberry iss talking to this team, it's like, that looks like the craziest best atmosphere I've ever seen in a room.


I mean, they announced that Nick Dowd signed a contract extension. He chugged a beer and they're all enc chanting for him. It's just, yeah, it's Hilarious. We got Juicy J back there. Juicy Jay's like introducing our team. So Juicy J they reached out to Chiclets. They want to come on, they wanna come on and talk about like their, their, their hell connection with Ovie and the capitalists. We're trying to figure that one out. Love this by the way. It's shout out special. Shout out to Stro because he's a big A WL. Yep. We met him in The Bahamas. Great guy. Great. A great dude. There's also the rookie that we just called up Ryan Leonard, the guy that basically went from like, he was in college class in the morning and then he played a game against the Bruins for the capitals night. I've been watching him play, I don't know how much of him you've seen wit, but my theory on him is this kid is really, really close to being great.


He's, he's all over the place. He's like hitting people. He's, he's on the puck all the time. I feel like if he gets put maybe on a different line, you might see him explode into like being one of the great talents in the league in the not so distant future because he's so close to making all these great plays. I think he's gonna have a, you know, 15 to 20 year career, even if that sounds crazy, that where he's a a legitimate top line player. I've actually seen him play very closely the last two years when he is at Boston College and he's just dominant, kind of shocked. He didn't win the Hopi Baker this year, but I knew he would hop right in. I I was saying last year when, when they announced he was going back to BC I said, well he'll be on the capitals in April.


And yeah. And, and, and I didn't expect the caps to have this type of team or this type of season, but even with them being a playoff team and top team in the east, I knew he'd step in and yeah, the goals haven't come, but the way he's playing and to have a guy who's that skilled, even though he is this young on your third line that shows how deep they are. But he won't be a third liner for long. Yeah. And who knows, maybe it, maybe it does change somewhere in the playoffs where they move him up. But he's played great, he's played smart and he's always been tenacious, he's always been somebody that like, kind of lives and, and thrives off contact and playing mean. So I think, I think you got a great player there. It's, it's, it's ama amazing to see. And you didn't even need protests in the first round.


I know. So now he's back. It's, it's wild. It's, it's crazy to see what, what the capitalists have done in, in a year where last year it looked like, how did they even make the Playoffs? Oh, they're done. This is the ovy goal. Chasing nothing and boom, they're cup contenders. Alright, I want to get, I, I want to get some people mad on Twitter. So give us, there's eight teams left. Yep. Rank 'em one through eight. If you had to put your life on the line, chances to win the cup one through eight. Oh man, this is gonna get me in trouble with Yeah, I know. That's what we're trying to do. Gun your head So you're not So this isn't with my heart, this is with I have to survive. No, It's, no, it's just, yeah, yeah, yeah. This is just, yeah. Have to survive Dallas.


And if any teams, any, if any teams from five through eight win, then you're, you're dead Florida One. Okay. Dallas two. Okay. Vegas three. Washington four Edmonton five. Wow. You really don't believe it. Yeah. That's sad. Damn. Didn't think that true. Winnipeg. Winnipeg six, Carolina seven. Who am I forgetting? Leaves. That makes sense. Leaves eights perfect. You what? I guys I can admit Edmonton's an underdog here. Yeah. Yeah. And they get through Vegas and, and, and, and I come back on like if they beat Vegas, they're number one. They are. Okay. They immediately jump from five to one.


Yes. Yes, yes. Alright. So six. I'll give you 6, 7, 8. If six, seven or eight win, then you gotta, then you're dead. That sucks. But my, it does. But the life insurance, my wife will get, she, she might end up like not being that sad. Yeah. Deal's the deal. How was, how was the birthday party? You had your one year-old's birthday party today? Yeah, we did. We were texting. Texting about it. We did just fa just family. Just family came over. If you and, and if you invite non-family to a one-year-old birthday party, every person you invite hate your guts. Yes. They don't wanna go. Yeah. They don't wanna go. And the ba like there's no reason to have a birthday party without outside of family for a kid that's one, two or even three Because they don't have friends yet.


No, they don't have friends. Like they just have kids that they, if they go to like preschool or something, they, they have kids they play next to. Yes, Yes. Like no and they, and and and they fight and they fight when they're together. Right. But we, we got a taco truck 'cause my wife's family's huge so that everyone was over a taco truck came and, you know, I, I tried the tacos first and then my wife asked me to do something and then I'm, she, she comes back and I'm trying the quesadillas and I just, I didn't leave that, that that taco truck Dan. I didn't Leave it. I love it. Hey, do you have any thoughts about the NBA playoffs? No. I saw that Houston came back, they were down three one, i I could give a fuck. I really Oh, have bad news for you. They're out. I'm So soft. They sick of the commercial with the three oh KC guys that are in the same goddamn outfit and I'm sick of that thing and I, I just don't get, and I get the popularity of the NBA, but watching the first round of the cup playoffs and then clicking over the games, I'm like, how is this more popular?


There was more, there was some good first round series this year. The the Nuggets clipper series was Involved was an awesome Series. Yeah. It was really dialed into that. Yeah. What about LeBron saying that he wasn't, did you, did you like that move where after he got eliminated, he had his team put out that he wouldn't have played game six. That's a, that's classic. It had gone game six Saw, I saw the, the, the, the most, I don't know what's the word, like embarrassing clip. That's not what I'm trying to think of. But when he went down on that flop Yeah. I mean there wasn't a teammate. He didn't have a No. A teammate even look at him. No. Like They were like, that's like, that's a sign of like, oh, I do not, do not want to be on this guy's team anymore.


Yeah. So Big Cat just had a kidney stone. I had one about a month ago I Saw Jerry O'Connell out. Like, is this a Bit No, I wish, dude, I spent three hours. I was in between t-ball and a birthday party yesterday was the emergency room. Yeah. Somebody on part of my take is, is spitting a kidney stone outta their dick once a month. And and that's our pattern that we're on. Is that upper or lower body Injury also? Yeah. Yeah. Tell us that. Yeah. I'm going lower body boys. Okay. When, when, when, when you gotta pass something through your hog that's lower body And, and wait, you know me well enough, do you think me, I would want to spend fucking derby Saturday in an emergency room for a bit. That's not, that's not something very true.


I would've gone, I would've gone on like, you know, Wednesday and taken a picture of something. I literally, you could see I had a picture from my son's T-ball and like two hours later same shit just laying on a bed and I was like, this fucking sucks losing Money. But you, but you guys may need to like, I I somebody we reassess. Did somebody check the walls of that office? Is that s as asbestos in there or something? Well, does that, that call us kidney stones P ft and I do dock after every single episode before we leave. We, we put our penises together, we power up. That might be part of it. Yeah, That's definitely what it is, guys. Yeah. So it it's, it's a quick, it's a quick sword fight over the toilet and then you just slap hogs and then call it a night. Another great episode. Yeah. You recharged. That's how, that's how we generate our energy on this show.


Wait, wait, I gotta, I got a question for you. I, I need your advice on how to handle somebody online. So back in, I think it was December or January, I was tweeting about the caps and somebody replied like, caps stink. They're not gonna do anything. I'll bet you 500 bucks. They don't make it outta the first round this year. I said, okay, handshake emoji. This person replied handshake emoji to me that constitutes a bet, right? Yep. I now I'd forgotten about it. Hundred percent does. I checked the bookmarks and I was like, oh shit, I forget. I I bet this guy 500 bucks, this random guy online. He then tries to Welch out on the bet and he's like, no, I'm not gonna pay up.


And then I say, okay, tell you what, I'll, I'll meet, even meet you halfway. Donate the 250 to charity and then I'll match with 250 to charity on my own. And then he starts to claim that he's being harassed by people. Oh. Because the classic I The class that was where, that's where he just really lost. And He is like, I got people that are threatening to dox my family. Nobody's threatening to dox anybody's family. So then I told him, tell you what, I'll just bet I'll pay the full 500 to charity. You just have to change your bio to say I'm a loser That welchs out on bets and nobody should take a word. I say seriously for a year. He's gone radio silence since then. I don't know what to do with this guy. Because if, listen, if you can't trust the integrity of a random person online with a fake account, I don't know what we're doing anymore.


That was like, come on man. You're ruining it for everybody else. I had a guy reach out to me before the Four Nations and I was talking a lot of team USA shit and he said, Hey, I'll bet you you get a thousand bucks if USA wins, I get 500 of Canada wins and here's my Venmo. And it was on a DM and I said, dude, done deal. And the minute, the minute McDavid scored that goal sitting in my seat at the garden, I got on Venmo and I sent that man his $500. Yeah Man of honor. And That's, that's the difference between me and the guy that you met online that is now saying he's being harassed by people when he definitely isn't being harassed.


When I saw that one today when he was like, I'm getting docs and harassed, it was like, this is, he's not a serious person. He Said, I, he said I was about to pay the 250 to charity. Yeah. Bullshit. But then I had people threaten to dox me. So now I'm not gonna do it. But I was this close to doing it. Hey Bullshit. That's something if he's your buddy, like he's got a buddy listening right now. Like Yeah. Yeah. How do you be friends with somebody like that? No, no. You gotta pay your bets. That's, You have to pay your bets. Like you call, he called you out. Yeah, he called me out and then listen, I, he is a serial caller outer of other people. I've seen his history. This is what he does and now he can't take it when he is wrong. I mean and You responded too with the handshake emoji. Yeah. Because that's the thing is like we all get a bunch of random bets thrown our way. Yep.


I don't take 'em, but if I take 'em I'll let you know I took it. Yep, I did. I did handshake emoji and then he said handshake emoji to me in a court of law. That's a bet. That's a bet. And I guarantee you this is a LeBron James fan. Yeah. Yep. Probably. Probably. Absolutely. LeBron Sexual. He's got jerseys. He's been a LeBron guy.


Alright, Whit, we're gonna let you go 'cause biz is actually about to wrap up. Awesome. I got one last question for you. Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take, we gotta make sure Hank is still here. I think he's still here. He's in, he's in Scottsdale for the bet. Gala.


Did you hear with Hank is such a big hockey fan that when the Playoffs started, he said that he found out the Bruins weren't in it. 'cause he looked at the schedule and didn't see them. That's when he found out. Hank and I are like exact opposites. Yeah. Like our feelings towards our respective leagues. Yeah. And Hank I guess I can ask you, do you watch, like, all right, so say the Bruins are in and you're watching their games, are you watching NBA games and like, wow, this is so much better than the NHL game I had on last night. Or do you admit that like, wow, hockey's that much more exciting in the first round, at least Hockey playoffs can't be beat hockey playoffs.


Okay. All right. That, That's all I need to hear. Yeah. Yeah. That can't, my other, my other hockey takeaway, which I, I am sure real hockey heads will hate it, but like, it doesn't matter about the, the team or the play styles. I, I don't like the warm weather teams. The Floridas, the Carolinas, I don't like them advancing. When they advance, I lose interest completely. So Yeah, that's like a, you're like 80, like you're like, like an old guy. He's guy during the original six, he's like, it's cold weather sport. Yeah. He, He's the perfect market research for when it's like, you know, when the Stars and the Panthers play in the finals, everyone's like, well the ratings are gonna be terrible. I know. 'cause Hank's turned it off. But I get, I kind of get it and then I, I agree.


I also get that not only when the teams like that are playing in the finals, it's also June 15th and people are like, dude, I'm, I'm, I'm going to the beach. Like, like the hockey season going to when it does really upsets a lot of people, including myself and players like start earlier and Yeah. You're dealing with the NFL don't play game Sundays and I know, I guess Saturday's college football, but I, I just think hockey should end at, at, at the end of May. If, if hockey was smart. And this is something the NBA should do too, is that they should basically take two days in the, in the fall when the NF L's going on, have it be like Tuesday night and Friday night are hockey nights, Which Tuesday night and Thursday night are their nights.


So Yes, I know know. But the whole league, I'm saying the whole league plays. Yep. And they don't play on the weekends in football season. So it's like when, when it's two, it would feel like an event where it's like, we know it's Tuesday, we know it's Friday. The entire league's playing. Yeah. Also, guys, shout out hockey. The NBAI believe is copying the Four Nations success. Yep, they are. They are. Yeah. I saw Adam Silver, like talk about, I mean remember I came on and I said they had guys jumping through hula hoops like pulling like lighted fire sticks outta their mouth as Matthew Uck was fighting off the opening face off Canada. So now I believe the N NBA's gonna take a page outta the NFL's book and go best on Best International.


I think it's a great idea. Yeah, I Like you. 'cause I mean we better win if we don't win. Oh yeah. We, we have to win. We have To win. So I kind of like that USA basketball doesn't just kill everyone now. Yeah, no, it's more fun. It's, it's definitely more entertaining. Yeah. Like France is awesome. You can get angrier when they lose. Yeah. It's like we're supposed to be the United States And we can't win this game. Yeah. Yeah. And you can like Welch on a bet on Twitter and just like screw over somebody that disgusting. That bet you that Serbia wouldn't have beat the United States Real quick. Which of the, of the warm weather hockey cities would you consider to be the best hockey town? Mm. I think Dallas. Yeah.


Yeah, I think Dallas. They, they, those playoff games. It's crazy that arena gets loud, sneaky La Kings are, are awesome. And they, they were the best home team in the league. Oilers just, I mean, just dominated Game five. But LA and Dallas kind of stick out and the, the, the Panthers fans have come on here. They, they've made these games a complete party. They have a bar in there, the Panther bar, I believe it's called their Panther Club. When the game ends, you don't have to leave it, it stays open till like three in the morning. Awesome. In the arena. That's pretty cool. That's, that's very Florida's awesome. Yeah, it's very Florida's Awesome. Alright. Wit, thank you.


You're the best. And maybe I'll just, maybe I'll just start rooting for the Oilers again. I would appreciate that. Yeah, I would appreciate that. I am, their games are just so late, but I'll I know, dude, it's, it's, they're so late. My wife said the other day, like, you had to pick like them. I'm like, well, like it all picked you. It was all, it all started 'cause I played there and really, even though they couldn't stand me, like the fan base, I could tell how crazy it was. And then watching McDavid, I'm like, I, I've made this clear on this podcast. I I just love watching the guy play. So yeah, I'm all in. And some of these games, they're supposed to start at like 10 and then ESPN ticker, like during the first game's, like puck drop 10 40, you're like, oh my God. And then it goes to overtime.


Yeah. It's brutal. But that's Commitment is Oilers girl, is she still around? I I we've, we've we've not addressed this or talked about it considering our fan base. Almost like left spinning Chiclets. When Oilers girl was a story last year, people were disgusted and appalled. So Oilers girl does not get brought up any longer. What about, what about the, what about the woman? I think she might be an Asian woman who dresses up like the cup. She rocks. Oh yeah. Yeah. She rocks but she's not flashing the arena and then having us bring her on the show to talk about her boobs. It looks like the Tin Man. What about The girl biz tweeted yesterday who had the craziest Twitter profile I think I've ever seen in my entire Life. The Stars chick?


Yeah. Yeah. And, and and and what an ama I mean like biz, like just, just DM or high and try to get him that way. You're obviously like Only biz would have the scouting report of the boobs that were gonna be on national television like 24 hours in advance. He's like, Hey, heads up guys, this is gonna be a storyline. He's Like, there's some cannons coming tonight boys. He's like trying to make her a star and instead of just hitting her up and be like, Hey, what's your number? Hey, What's your number? Come to Atlanta. I'm work at t and t for the next four months. Yeah. Alright, Whit, we'll talk to you everyone Tune in. Spin Chiclets. They're gonna get into it with Ys and Biz Ian Grinnell even more. And they do the live stream they did on Thursday. I wanna say where they had ka chuck, they had Will Anette.


It was so entertaining. It was awesome. It was awesome. So, so they have the best hockey stuff all playoffs Along. So also guys subscribe. So, so I know you're, you, you, you Dogg my my work ethic. I think I work very hard. Oh yeah. I think I Too worked very, very hard. Yeah, I do for a month and a half. Thank you. Thank you. And and what I love about the playoffs is like, we're, we're gonna start recording right now at midnight. That's not a big deal to you guys, but for me and I'm like, I am a fucking grinder. Like, like when people's like, Hey how's chickens? I'm like, dude, I'm just like really, really tired man. I'm just grinding my dick off. Staying up watching the Oilers and then recording, talking about hockey. I'm basically, I'm basically like drilling for oils in the middle of the Mediterranean.


That's how it feels. Alright. Podcasting's not easy. All right, thanks. Stick tap Taps Whitney. We'll see you. See You guys.


Ryan Whitney was brought to you by Aura Frames. Mother's Day gifts can be a little predictable, a little bit boring, but Aura Frames were named the best digital photo frame by Wirecutter. Aura Frames are guaranteed to mix things up this year I got my mom some Aura Frames for Christmas last year. She loves it. It's got unlimited storage so you can share as many photos as you want from your phone to Mom's Aura Frame. Not only will she be grateful that it's not another gift card, she'll also love that an ora frame means she gets to see more of you. I can take pictures on my phone, I can upload them to my mom's Ora frame in her living room right now and she'll be like, oh, there's a new picture of Blake that I get to look at every day. She absolutely loves it. Your mom's will love it. Aura has a great deal for Mother's Day. For a limited time, listeners can save on the perfect gift by visiting Aura Frames dot com to get $35 off plus free shipping on their bestselling carver mat frame. That's a URA frames.com promo code. PMT support the show by mentioning us to checkout terms and conditions apply.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. We promise everyone we got the Jordan of the week, we got the Kidney Stones of the week Stones. Yeah. I mean I told you PFT when you had your stones. It's like the torch is now back to me. 'cause we've been doing this for years now. Where you get it. I get it. You get it. I get it. We go back and forth. We are the number one kidney stone influencers in the world. You really? Yeah. We're we're your influencers. Are you, are you nervous though? Because I, 'cause so how it happened, I had, I had one in November I want to say, and then you got yours like two weeks ago. Are you nervous that I took it back so quickly? Now? It's up to you Again. I think that our, our kidneys are just made of gravel at this point. 'cause they said that you had multiple ones, right?


Yeah, I've got a couple again, I've got multiple, so it's gonna rear its ugly head somewhere. Yeah. So yeah, listen, I just, life is what happens to me in between pissing rocks outta my urethra. Yeah. The, I think the worst part of this one, I mean, once you, once you have 'em, you, you kind of know the plan. Yeah. So that, that's the only nice thing is like, I went to the hospital again 'cause I was like, you know, my, my stomach feels like it's gonna explode. My back feels like it's, it's gonna explode. I think it's a kidney stone, but what if it's not? And then as soon as I got the CT scan and they're like, yeah, you got kidney stones, it's like, I'll take it from here. Thank you. Yep. Yep. Like, just hand me the papers. I'm outta here. Well, You know that, you know what you need by now. It's like you, you check in and you're like, I just need the Toradol.


Yeah. And I'll be out just real quick. When I went in last time, you the Flomax, I'll piss my pants. Like let's just do it. They Didn't give you the ultrasound, did they? No. It was a CT scan. Yeah. Or a CAT scan. Yeah. Yeah. So I got the ultrasound on my, on my scrotum when I went in there last time. Yeah. That was very awkward to do. Yeah. And they're like, yeah, congrat, it's a boy. This one. Yeah. That is very awkward. This one was a little interesting too, because I was just sitting there losing all my horse races, all Kentucky Derby Saturday. And then also I had the extra added part of like, I took, I'm not, I'm not trying to say I'm a hero, but I went from my son's t-ball game to the ER to then taking my son to a birthday party. And in between he was just like, where'd you go?


And I was like, I got rocks in my belly again. And he deadpan was just like, are you eating rocks? He asked me that. He's like, how are you getting them? Are you eating Them? Kind of Like, yeah. I don't know. Salt sodium is kind of a rock, I guess. Yeah. I think this one, I'll say this, I think I'm gonna start making some lifestyle changes. Like what I'm thinking. I might, I don't know. Do I, I think I'm gonna to get a dietician. I'm gonna eat salad. Nutritionist. I, I've committed to eating salad every day. So you gonna just ignore them? No. Hank that was really disrespectful. I'm trying to have a moment to this. Why would, Why would you just say I'm gonna start eating healthy? Like you, your, your answer is solution was like, get a dietician, but you still need to eat healthy.


I understand. But I need someone to tell me what to do. Eat healthy. Okay. I am not going to do that. Do that on my own volition. I need someone to basically be like, here's what you can and cannot eat. Don't be a shithead. Like maybe, maybe like, you know what I need to do is I need to do, remember when, when people figured out that cigarettes were bad? I still don't believe that. Yeah. I need to, that's a bunch of bunk. I need to just put like a picture of my kids next to like every pin of ice cream I eat at night. So you have to look at 'em. Yeah. Yeah. I still will eat the ice cream. I'll probably, But you'll feel sad. You'll feel sad when you do it. I'll, I'll probably just, what will end up happening is I'll probably just save a little for them and be like, oh yeah, my kids want some ice cream too.


Yeah. It's, You're not gonna make any changes really. What what I've determined to do is like, at least think about ordering a salad every day. Yeah. Having one salad a day is a pretty good compromise that you can make with yourself. But I tried doing that last week and last week they dropped it off at the wrong, at the wrong door here at the office. So I thought that they just didn't drop it off. Right. And so then I just had three Uncrustables for lunch. So like at the, at, at the very, very smallest point of inconvenience, I will completely throw my duck. Yeah, you'll fold out the window. Yeah. Yeah. I have no, I have no resolve when it comes to that. But listen man, they probably told you the same thing, which is, and if you're a, a female listener, especially a listener who maybe has given birth before, please don't listen to this, but the doctors have told us that it's more painful than giving birth, which we'll never say I I will never say that publicly just because I know that that will make some people very upset.


But they did tell me that it's more painful than giving birth. Listen, This time is a little different than my last time. This time I have, I've had random bouts of nausea and just puked twice the last two days where it's like I was just sitting minding my own business in my house and just all of a sudden felt like I had taken a shot at tequila, like the the 14th drink of the night and just so I have morning sickness too. Yeah. So I I it is harder experiencing all Yeah. Yeah. It's harder than pregnancy. Yeah. Either way. This podcast, yeah, we do, we do podcasts And we do, we do kidney stones and I think we are, I I captioned it. We're we're built differently. And then parentheses poorly, poorly we're just built poorly. But also our, our urethras are strong.


True. Like they're iron, they're titans. Probably the strongest dick holes of any podcast. Yeah. The And Dick toos Adam 21. Is he still 20 20, 22. 22. 22. Adam. 22. I Was gonna say do it maybe out and about. Out and about. Yeah. Or at least the Mount Rushmore of dick holes. Yeah, For sure. Yeah. Also shout out all, all of our listeners who've had this, because we have a lot of listeners who hit us up every time this happens. Yeah. We did discuss getting all of our kidney stones together, putting them in a, in a little ball and then engraving them and then doing a little miniature lotto ball machine outta all the stones Or either that or getting 'em PSA graded and knowing that Darren ve will probably purchase them.


How much Do you think a kidney stone, if we had like three of yours, two of mine, And we got 'em graded and they were like condition eight out of 10, how much do you think five of those bad boys would run for A good amount Auction for? I Think a good amount. Yeah. 20 K. 20 KI Like that. I could pay for my nutritionist. I'm gonna get a nutritionist right in your face, Hank, watch out. Watch out. It's gonna happen. I don't doubt that you're gonna get a nutritionist. I I believe you there. Okay. So you actually I Do doubt that most follow, we actually, we actually agree in everything. So Yeah, no, we're, we're, we're in a hundred percent agreement. The Bottom line is there's something that both me and Big Cat do that is absolutely destroying our insides.


It's Podcasting. We're getting, we're getting our guts rearranged by something. Listen, I've had the theory, I've floated the theory before that there could be a chance. Like in 10 years we've g we get a like, hey, do you know how bad podcasting was for Yeah. These guys like the CTE crisis for the NFL we're, they're gonna, Bob Lay's gonna come outta retirement and have to do an E 60 and be like, these guys put their lives on the line every single day and podcasting has them both dead at 50. So there's one person that Big Cat and I spend more time with than anybody else on Earth. Yeah. Who is that? Hank and Hank Tell The truth and Hank mysteriously has not received a single kidney stone.


Tell The truth. Are you putting rocks in our, in our, in our food? No, I'm just, you know, mixing in some vegetables every now and then. Okay. 'cause it would actually be hilarious if Hank was like, long con guys have been putting little pebbles in all of your food Every day. I would guess I would respect the fuck out of that. See If, if you go back in time like when cavemen got kidney stones, they probably thought that they were dying. Oh absolutely. Because you do, you do that thought crosses your brain like They might have just died. Is this the big one? Yeah. But fortunately I think Big Cat, your stones are small enough where they don't have to shoot the laser beam up there. Yeah. I'm, I I've somehow kept right underneath the threshold it's five millimeters and I'm, I've got right now in my, in my stomach a four and a three cooking around.


So you don't want to get up to the five? No, I do not. Alright. That's enough stone talk until next time. Whenever PFT gets his next it, it Literally could be any second. Yeah. We we need the, we need the draft music. Yeah. PFT Adam chapter needs to report that I had a kidney stone and PFT you are officially back on the clock Or a sign in the, in the studio. It has been x amount of days since we've had a kidney stone on this podcast. Okay. Do You think me or Max will get one first? Max. Max? For sure. For sure. Yeah. It's not even really a question. You're active enough, you visit your 18 children. Some Guy had a, some guy had a very mean tweet that I made me laugh that got like, it was, I don't even follow this person, but it was, it got so much traction it ended up on my timeline.


Hold on, I gotta find it. I saw that one accused you of it said like Barstool Sports is, I respect them because they just hire a bunch of guys with gout. Yeah. Hold On. I'm kidding. I was like, dude, it's a kidney stone knock gout. I will get gout eventually. It is from seven 11 Truther. He said bars, stool sports is cool. It's like Buzzfeed only employed. It's like buzz. It's like if Buzzfeed only employed men with gout Now that is true to a certain extent. Sure. Yeah. Shout that guy. Good burn. We probably have a higher percentage of gout than Buzzfeed. Oh Well large has more gout than anyone in the World and kidney stones. Yeah. Yeah. So that you got us there. But that's, it's something interesting I noticed too when, when I had my stone is that kidney stone quote tweets go viral.


Oh Yeah. Like Five different guys went viral hating on me for making fun of Joel em bead. Yeah. And listen, if you're, if you're looking for cloud, if you're looking to get, put some numbers up, go searching for dudes with kidney stones because it'll, it'll certainly get you some engagement. Oh, Anytime I stepped to the plate and being like I'm having this health issue, there is obviously a lot of AWS and fans who are very nice and you know, reach out and they're like, but I would say 50% of the responses are I'm just a pinata and they step right up and they're like, you posted donuts four hours ago, dude. Yeah, that's true. And they just tee off on Donuts, have nothing to do with kidney stones. Yeah. Alright. The big story though, Jordan, Hank PFT.


Why don't you, why don't you explain the new story. Okay. So the new story regarding Jordan, who we support, We love. She's a bad bitch. She's a boss lady. We Stand And yeah, people gotta back off. So apparently the latest thing is that, you know, not only did she get hard knocks allegedly taken away from UNC because she demanded to be listed as an executive producer, but apparently she also forced her way into the Dunking commercial with Ben Affleck. Wait, Just like a regular dunk commercial commercial in the middle of the week that you're watching. It Was a Super Bowl commercial. Oh, Duncan Super Bowl commercial. Those Are expensive. They're very expensive. So she, she decided that she was gonna be in it and she was in it. She was fist pumping in the background next to Ben Affleck, next to next to Bill Belichick.


She Get paid. She did get paid. Oh yeah, she got paid to be in, in the commercial for sure. But they said that they, for she forced her way in and that they've never seen anything like it. I I think that this is just mean because if you work Yeah. Who, Who's they too? Like this is all, this is, this seems alleged to me. This seems like piling on. It does, It does seem like piling on because if you work in Hollywood and you work in like big budget commercials, I'm sure that people force their way into commercials all The time. Yeah. I feel like this is the third. They've never seen anything like it of, of the week for Jordan. Yeah. So actually she's, she is someone that we've never seen before. She's so exceptional. Like when, when, when Braun sexuals say witness we're witnessing greatness right now She's putting up numbers like nobody else before.


She's doing things that no one's ever seen. Here's the quote, she forced her way in, but Bill saw it as a way for her to get paid good boyfriend move by Bill, good Boyfriend move People said they've never seen anything like it. The source said, so this is the source saying that people said they've never seen anything like it. So now we're dealing with two anonymous sources. Right. The anonymous sources quoting vague, an anonymous sources. Yeah. And also if you're wondering Hank, will anyone speak up for Jordan outside of us? Because we do. Her ex-boyfriend actually did and he happens to be 64 years old. That's irrelevant to the story. I think Everyone's got a type I I spit, I spit up when I saw his picture, It was funny.


He looks like, what's the guy from Bloodline and from Friday Night Lights the coach Taylor. Taylor. Taylor Rooks. Yeah, Hank you met him a little behind the, the scenes part of my take story. This is like maybe week two of doing part of my take. And we were, no, This was summer 2060. This was the first summer. Okay. When I was living at home like month two of part of my take. And we were, we were, we were scraping the bottom of the barrel for, for guests because it was like every day. That's funny. Me and Big Cat would have to DM somebody that followed us on Twitter to ask if they could be a guest on our new podcast. And so we were asking anybody that we remotely knew, do you want to come on this stupid show? And then Hank being a great producer, you ran to Coach Taylor, what was It?


No, I stopped Coach Taylor. Yeah, You saw him. He Was, he was, he he, he spent, he spent summers in Situate in the past. He was summering in situate that summer and I had a source at a restaurant that he was like, she was like, he's eating at this restaurant right now. And I asked you guys, I was like, should I go park my car and wait for him to walk out? So I did that, waited in my car for like 30 minutes. He walked out and I then I got outta my car, walked in and acted like it was a natural, like I happened to be, you know, passing him. And I was like, oh, hey coach, like do you mind if we take a picture? And then I was like, Hey, you know, I, I produced this football podcast part of my take, like we'd love to have. And he was just like, just take the damn picture. Oh, brutal.


It was, I mean it was, it was, I was forcing it for sure he wasn't, it wasn't really rude by him at all. I think he son you too, didn't he? Didn't he say take the damn picture son? Take The damn picture son. Yeah, yeah. I, I do have the picture, but yeah, it was, it was a big swing and a miss on my part. Remember the, the, the one that I had hank similar, the Arnold Schwarzenegger? Yeah. Yeah. I, I saw Arnold Schwarzenegger outside of a hotel in, in LA and I was just like, Hey, hey Arnold, huge Fink, can I get a picture? He goes, yeah. And he just never stopped walking and by the time I got my phone out he was gone. Yeah. We had him on on PMT. He was a guest. Yeah, that's right. I told him that's my move. Yeah, I told him that, but yeah. Alright, so Jordan, what do we think Hank? Just go keep Being warn I think watching the commercial after hearing this alleged report, it makes the commercial funnier.


It makes it A cold classic. Yeah. Yeah. Like I, I like watching it with that context in mind. Like I, I I got a smile out of It. And what do you think about her ex-boyfriend? I mean, it's good that that's actually a good sign that her ex-boyfriend is defending her, Right? Yeah. Not a lot of ex-boyfriends are gonna come outta the woodwork to de to defend an ex-girlfriend. Where did they meet? That's a great sign. I don't think, I don't, I think the age thing is irrelevant. Like I don't, I don't, I don't know why that, you know, you had to throw that number in there. Well, I mean, I was just saying it's Stats. Calm down R Kelly. Yeah. Like I think age does matter to Age does matter sometimes. For sure. For sure. But not once you're, you know of Age. Yeah. Yeah. Overage. So She's dating well over age guys.


She is an adult and she was legally an adult when they met. She's Just, she is just dating adult pluses. Everyone's got a type Extra adult. Thank you. Like older women. I saw A report That he hired a new PR team to help promote his book. So at least you know he's, he's not just using strictly Jordan. Okay. Yeah. Jordan's gotta worry about football, football season's coming up. She's gotta worry about football and we're good. I love this story. It is great hope. Hope it never ends. I also, I do now I'm wondering like every single time UNC football puts something out online on any social media, is she doing that? Is that, is she running it? Probably. Is she admin? Probably. So like when you replied to UNC football on Instagram or on on XE everything app, is she reading those replies?


If so, make sure like tell Jordan like great job. Yeah. Because she is doing a great job in terms of pr. Yeah. Great job. Great job. Everyone respond. Great job Jordan. Great. Great Tweet. Jordan. Jordan. Jordan. Maybe put the Accent please say Jordan, correct? Yeah. Yeah it's Jordan. Okay, let's finish up. Good show boys. Hank you're ahead of us. Sorry. So this game's over this probably Hockey is, no. No. Oh, okay. Alright. Numbers three. I was fixing the camera. We'll go 44. Oh memes. I'm sorry. It's okay. I'm sorry. 40. It's not gonna be three. It's never gonna be three. I will go 45.


I feel like 45 hits a lot. 34. 34 was Jack. 99 Pug. 99 was Pug. 21. 21 was Shane. Hank. What was your guess? 40. You, do you know it? What was your guess? Yeah, 40 97. I feel like that hits a lot too. All the nineties do. Thanks to Pug by the way. Pug, great job with pmm TV last week with the oldies trip up. It was such a good, you did a Really good job. You said Great job. Great job Pug. Thanks So much guys. Pug got like three hours of sleep the night before. Got on a plane to Montreal in the morning. We're gonna get old to hear for a stream.


Yep. Yeah. Montreal Rocks. Love you guys.