
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today's, Pardon My Take. We have our good friend, number one recurring guest in terms of times on the show. Ryan Whitney in studio stats compiler. Stats compiler awesome hour talking with wit about hockey, golf, going back to school. He might go back to college. Really, really fun interview. Always great interview with him. We're gonna talk a little masters. First round Luca going back to Dallas, and then we'll finish with Fire Fest of the week.


It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all glitz and glamor, but the stars will be out. Don't miss any of the action at DraftKings Sports book. The official sports betting partner of UFC. It promises to be another banger night of fights, especially the wet featherweight main event between two evenly matched fighters. First time, just pick something simple like a fighter to win and Make your pick. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5. Get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the octagon with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. And eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See d kng dot coast slash audio.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. My take. Welcome to part of my take presented by Draftking. Step into the octagon with DraftKings Sportsbook. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now and use code take, that's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings.


The crown is yours. Today is Friday, April 11th and the Masters have been canceled. Hello friends. The masters have been canceled. Somebody Has peed and raised Creek. Yes. Jose Luis Baller has completely desecrated this tournament. He's an amateur. He wore an upside down hat on Arizona State. Arizona State, which is, I mean, it's perfect that an Arizona State person would do that. Yeah. And then he peed, he peed under the bridge in hole 13. And I for 1:00 AM disgusted Rays Creek. Now I think the problem, I think people have a problem with this because he admitted it. Yeah, well my guess is that this is like swimmers peeing in the pool.


I think everybody pees in Rays Creek. We just don't talk about peeing in Rays Creek. I, So I don't know if he, he admitted it because everyone saw Everyone saw it. Yeah. He got a round of applause when he finished. Yeah. So he said it was his biggest round of applause all day. But I just love that this is the prevailing story from the first round of the masters. This young whipper snapper amateur just causing havoc. 'cause he was, he was golfing in Scotty Scheffer's group. Peeing in rivers wearing upside down hat, which I actually think the peeing I have zero problem with. Obviously. I kind of do. I kind of agree with people who are like the upside down hat at the, at Augusta's bullshit. It's beneath Augusta. Yeah. And his defense, he was probably hammered. Yeah. If you're, if you're an Arizona state golfer and you play at the, I assume that you're just taking full advantage of the car girl.


Yeah. Just being like, bring it, keep the rounds coming. Yeah, let's go. I, I love it. If you're a guy that maybe might not get back to Augusta, then I say go ahead and pee in there. Just Be yourself. Be Yourself. Pee yourself. The one thing is, you probably shouldn't say pee. That's probably one of those words that Augusta won't let you say. They probably are like the golfer eliminated Yeah. Into Rays Creek. Mix eight. Yeah. Mix. I think That's a Latin word for it. I'm pretty sure after that hole, the, The next tee box, like the route to the next tee box is completely Isolated and in the woods. And there's also port porta potties right next to every tee box. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, no, he said that. Yeah. Well he, he said he, he realized that afterwards, like, oh yeah, there, there are porta-potties.


Yikes. But here's the thing, most people just play golf so that they can pee outside. Yeah. It's just a good excuse to take a leak on a tree peeing into A river is awesome. Yeah. Like that's a fun thing to do. But the hat, do you agree with me? The hat I think is too much. So I have to defend the hat because I think that's Ben Nuci's company. So I'm compromised on that to Defend, Let's say it's not, let's say it's not, let's say it's a quarterback that there's a lot of copycats There. Yeah. It's a copycat. Yeah. No, he invented writing letters upside down. Yeah. But If it wasn't his company, I would say I'm shocked that Augusta didn't confiscate it. Yeah. I just, this, this might be where I, I feel like a old man, but I saw the hat and I was like, this is disgusting.


Yeah. You can't do this to Augusta. I Think that's worse than wearing a hat backwards. Yeah, I'd agree. What you're gonna say, max 47 Would never, 47 would never We spell our words. Write that up. Yeah. Alright, so first round, Scotty's still really good at golf. Yep. Justin Rose in first. Seven under someone was, I think Trent. So Trent is here. Our good friend from Foreplay. He was saying that like, statistically speaking, you basically have to be top six after the first round. Like anyone past that is not eliminated, but Almost eliminated. Okay. So right now that would include Bryson Ludvig Yep. Would be in there. Rory would be in that group as well. Rory. Rory played really well. Max was up and down today.


I think he started off, I think he was two under through four Holes. I think I'll we'll take credit for that. For the podcast bump. Yeah. And if, if we want to have any blame passed around, we probably should have called him at the turn. Yep. We should have called him at the turn. We should have talked to him then. Yeah. He hit one bad hole. But listen, But I think, I think SVPs booth is set up on the second nine. Yeah. And so he got into the SVP zone and was like, ah, I wish I was talking to the PT guys instead. Yeah. That's a fact. I, I just want Max to make the cut. Let's focus on making the cut. Yep. Let's find a way to make the cut. Let's have a weekend house. That's possible. That's I'm root for. It's right there. It's right there. Hank, how are your, how are your bets doing? Because you know you're a Live head. Yeah, I'm heavy on Liv.


I need, I need Ted Liv guys, basically everyone except for Bubba and what is his name? Oh, that's good. Is he one of the four ACEs? Yeah. This is really good. But Yeah, I need 10 live guys to finish top 20. And right now I have four Neiman Garcia Brooks. They're kind of lingering. So they have a shot. I, I'm, I'm in a okay spot. Okay. What's Brooks at right now? Brooks is 38. Okay. What's his, what's his score? But he's, What's is that his age? He's plus one if he was minus 20, be 1138 Is a crazy 30. Yeah. Plus Type of three plus. Yeah. But I mean, the scores are so closely grouped together. Right. Plus one. Okay. Yeah. Plus one. Do you see Freddy Couples Eagle that was sick? Yeah.


I feel like Freddie Couples has one of these rounds every masters where it's like, oh shit. Yeah. Freddy Couples still a pleasure to watch him swing. Did he play with a neon ball? Of course. I love it. Yeah. The, the, the swing is just, it's the best. I don't care. I I want Freddy out there every single year just with that sweet, sweet swing. The starters. They obviously started like the ceremonial start. Those guys just hit one shot. Yeah. Okay. I would wanna play my shot. It Would be, yeah. I would absolutely wanna play my, I always Think about that. I would probably take a provisional if I missed it. If you pipe one down the middle, can you just finish out the hole? I'd finish out the round. Yeah. Like, I think I'm locked in today. Like, I might win this thing. Yeah. Because I, there is no age limit. Obviously. It's a courtesy thing that you don't wanna play if you physically can't get through it.


But imagine if that was just how every single master started, where it's like if you pipe that first drive, it's like, all right, I'm actually playing this Shit. It's still your box. I'm in there, I'm in there. Any other, anything else of Note? Patrick Reed also won under, oh, he's one of your guys hack. Yep. I like it. I like it when Patrick Reed wins the Masters because it makes everybody so mad. Spec. It's a very specific thing. I know, but e everybody, like, you know, Patrick Reid has a lot of haters. He's Only won once, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He is got a lot of haters. You could call them haters or you could call them, I guess plaintiffs in some circumstances. Teammates. Yeah. Teammates. But I like how angry he makes golf people.


Yes. So I don't like him, but I do enjoy watching the chaos when he does well, I'd agree with that. I, I'm just happy that it seems like we got some big names to start And some weather. When's weather coming Tomorrow? What? What time? Look it up. Look it up. Hank. Figure out the weather. How's, how's Wu-Tang clan doing? I saw he had an awesome shot. Shouldn't shot from behind a tree right onto the green. Oh, He's, he's one under two. All right. Max's got the weather faster than Hank. Significantly faster Weather looks perfect. That does look good. Hank probably uses 70 mile an hour winds. Okay. That's fine. Hank Probably uses a specific golf app for the weather that has like the weather inside of it.


Somewhere Over the night overnight. It's gonna rain, which is good. Soft green. So, Hank, what, when you said the weather, That might have been an earlier in the week forecast. Hmm. It feels like you're not locked into the masters. I'm locked into our masters. Okay. Mini golf. Okay. That's, that's fine. Put maybe get, let's Get earlier in the week. It said there was gonna be, you know, storms on Friday, but that's not the case. Let's Get you locked into The I. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. I'm all in. All in all, all in All, all the coverage. Six, six TVs All in my ass. Six TVs. I'll be in the cave. Just mastered up. I Love that. I love that for you. Okay. I had a couple other things to talk about before we get to Whitney, which was a great interview by the way.


You can see right in front of me right now. It is the dunk it buckets. Oh Yeah. The future of Dunking is here. The dunk it bucket is no ordinary release. It's a first of its kind customizable flavor experience. KFC is introducing the first ever bucket built for Dunking. It's an interactive, crave worthy food experience designed for ultimate dipping, dunking, sharing and devouring. Hank you excited for the dunk it bucket? I'm excited for the dunk IT bucket. I'm also excited for the dunk contest we're doing at BARCEL next week. Thanks to KFC in the dunk IT bucket. Okay, So here's the deal. Now with the new dunk IT bucket, KFC is inviting everyone to get in on all the delicious possibilities and dunk it their way. Because Dunking isn't just for basketball legends anymore. It's for everyone. Submissions are closed. Put tune in on April 16th for bartos. KFC Dunk IT Challenge. At the Chicago hq, we saw some great submissions. There's truly so many ways to dunk and have selected four finalists to come show us their best dunks. Submissions are closed, but you can still dunk on your own with the KFC. Dunk IT bucket and tune into the KFC dunk IT challenge on April 16th. KFC. We have four legit dunkers. I love it. Like actual, they're gonna be doing crazy, crazy dunks. I love it. And I mean, there's nothing better than than KFC and there's nothing better than dunk it bucket. Nothing better. So go check it out now.


Okay. Other things, Luca? Yes. Back to Dallas Tribute video. Cried, Cried. Has, has tribute video culture gone too far? Big Cat, Do you think he did not deserve a tribute Video? Well, that's the thing is like, who deserves a tribute video? Yeah. Like what did the tribute video, he doesn't No, no. I'm asking you If you, I'm saying in the modern, in the modern era when we're talking about tribute videos, of course Luca does deserve a tribute video. I just don't know when the whole tribute video thing started, when that became a thing. I think this was, yeah, I mean, I don't think it happens that often. There's a lot of discourse about the tribute video though. Okay. Sot tell me, Well, I remember, was it Isaiah Thomas Jr.


That One? That one was, was probably, I Think he's still waiting for his tribute video. Yeah. I think a lot of He deserved a tribute video. Yeah. I think there's not a, I think if you win a championship or you're the face of the franchise tribute video. Okay. So here, here are my two thoughts about the actual tribute video. One, it was really well done. Luca got emotional. He cried. I'm surprised that he played as well as he did after getting so emotional in, in the pregame. 'cause it feels like that was, that was a heavy moment for him. So credit to him for playing well. And then second, the video editor, the whole time they were making the tribute video had to just be like, why the fuck did we trade this guy? Right. Like, what? Look at all these awesome highlights. I'm cutting together. He's young as shit.


Why am I making this video? He should have had, Nico should have made the tribute video. Yeah. In fact, any gm, here's what you, if you ever think that maybe you should trade a great player, what you should be forced to do is sit down and make a tribute video for him. And then after you're done making the video, then you think about it and you decide if you still wanna trade 'em after you made the video. Yeah, I agree. Don't ever go to the grocery store hungry. That's Exactly the same Thing I do go to the grocery store hungry all the time. I just eat while I'm grocery Shop. And you buy a shit load of cookies and everything. That's awesome. Yes. It's, it's the best. Yeah. He had 45, 8 and six. Absolutely dominated the Mavs. I was happy for Luca because that was probably very cathartic for him.


I was happy for the fans because they got to watch Luca beat the team. They now hate because of what Nico Harrison did. And I also was made aware that Nico Harrison has not sat in his real seats since the trade. You fucking coward. Go back and sit in your seats. Is He doing the thing where he's, he's trying to get sympathy because he is like, it's not safe for me to sit in my seat. I don't Know what he is doing. 'cause a fans, he better Fucking sit in those seats, buddy. Yeah, I saw that They were handing out clown noses, Nico clown noses to the fans to wear before the game. I Was actually shocked they did the tribute video because it's like it, from everything I've seen and read, they're trying to suppress the fans. There was a guy who had a like fired Nico that got taken off the jumbotron.


There was a woman who was sitting in front row who, they didn't kick her out, but they thought about kicking her out. I was shocked they played that because it basically was an entire like indictment on Nico Harrison as a human being. Get back in the seats buddy. Yeah, the Mavs fans. Mav fans don't do anything physical, but you deserve the ma fans deserve someone to yell at. I agree. I use a coward for not that You can't, you can't make that trade. And they'd be like, oh, I don't sit in my seats anymore. Yeah. Especially he should have been forced to watch the tribute video. Yep. Yep. Look what you did. Look what you took away from these people. That's a completely fair thing to do if you're gonna make a trade like that. You have to be able to face the music afterwards. Yeah. And then I, I thought JJ had some pretty cool things to say afterwards.


Like, he seems like he'd a good guy to play for. Oh, JJ Reddick. Oh, TJ Watt Peace. Is he gonna get traded? I don't know. There's some, there's some discussion about it. It was funny because our, our colleague and friend Jersey Jerry, he's on vacation right now, but I just saw a tweet from him. Oh my God. Not like this or something like that. And I immediately was like TJ Watt, something bad happened. But yeah, he posted a cryptic Instagram post that just had the peace sign. So I don't know what's happening. He's peaceful, please. No. Was he, was he what he wrote? I immediately knew it was TJ Watt Related. Jerry posted the peace sign.


Please. No. TJ Watt did not post a picture of the peace sign. What did P TJ Watt post? Wait, did he? Yeah, that was TJ Watt did it. T TJ Watt posted an Instagram story of him like going peace Giving a piece. Maybe he Cryptic. It wasn't, there wasn't any words or anything. And then Jerry said, please, no, He might be out on like a little drug trip with Aaron Rogers and just feeling the piece of the vibe of the universe. Click the Jerry Tweet. That is, that is what TJ Watt posted on Instagram story. Click that. Okay. Got it. Got it. That's TJ Watt's Instagram story. So that's what started. So now people are freaking out. All the rumors and everyone freaking out that he might be gone. Yeah. That's fair. Freak out. Fair freak Out. I'd be freaking out too.


We Also had, you know, since we're on the A FC North, Deshaun Watson said that he's going to prove all his doubters wrong. He believes that he's gonna prove 'em all wrong and he believes in himself. I would like to be front of the line doubter. He said he's gonna use you as comeback fuel. Great. That's not right here. Deshaun. He said you're not gonna do shit. He shouldn't be allowed to call it that Doubter. Yeah. He should not be allowed to call it that. Yeah. Doubter. I want, I want first in line. If you wanna make a list, put me at the top. Doubter. You stink dude. And you're bad guy. But he's also the guy that, that made room for all the doubters. I don't think he has any doubters that are, that are wildly inaccurate with doubting him five Years ago.


I was not a doubter. Yeah, it's a completely reasonable thing to doubt Deshaun Watts. Yeah, but I just want it on the record. 'cause if he's looking for him, I want it. Everyone. Anyone Else get in line? Would anyone Else like to be Yeah. Proclaim themselves a doubter? Yeah, I Might. I'm a doubter. I'm a doubter. Okay. Max doubter. Yep. Memes. Oh no memes. Doubter. Doubter. Are you sure? Doubter. Because you like, what if he was on the jets? No doubter, doubter Memes. Speaking of the Jets, did you see Justin Fields' quote? No. What'd he say? He said, I don't, someone asked him about the possibility that Jet's drafting a quarterback this year. And he said, I don't really like to answer rhetorical questions.


I'm willing to teach, but I'm not really interested in rhetorical questions. That's not a rhetorical question. That's a hypothetical Hypothetical question. Yeah. Big difference. Big difference. They, they might draft a quarterback. Yeah. Steelers might too. So that would be, do you think that's why Aaron Rogers is taking his time? Absolutely. Why? 'cause he wants to wait for the draft and be like, I don't want to, I don't wanna put myself in a Kirk cousin situation. I was on Pittsburgh radio with our good friends on WDVE this morning And we were talking about it and it made me realize that like they are essentially being held hostage by Aaron Rogers. He's not even a Steeler. Yeah. This is what he does.


Yeah. He's not even a Steeler and everyone in Pittsburgh just waiting. Like, is it, is it not? Is it, So at some point during the six hour meeting that Aaron Rogers had with the Steelers brass, he definitely asked like, are you guys planning on drafting quarterback? Right. If you're six hours, I assume the topic came up once. Yeah, he Doesn't, he probably is like, I gotta wait and see. But also, he's so old, like, what is it? Yeah. How many more years he's gonna exactly teach someone, but we don't deal in rhetorical How old is he? He's 40, 41. That's old as fuck. Too old, right? Hank? Yeah. 40 is washed. Really old. Whoa. Washed. Aaron Rogers is 41 years old.


So yeah, I think that's, I think that would be fair for the Steelers to, even if they signed Aaron Rogers to be like, Hey, we're also going to draft Shado Sanders. Right. Or we're gonna draft somebody else. Right. So what else do we Oh, the, the Nuggets whole thing. I know we talked about it on Wednesday. Yoko came out and basically said exactly what we thought. Like he was like, yeah, I'm okay with it. I, I wasn't discussed. They didn't discuss it with me before, but it is what It is. Well then Wendy had a report earlier today. Did you hear that? No. So Wendy's report was kind of what I, what we said about the, the Memphis grizzly situation, which is they didn't like their coach. They wanted to fire him after the season. And what they didn't want is for him to, for him to go On a run to Get hot in the playoffs and then they can't fire him after.


I think, I think that's very different from the Griz situation because Malone won an NBA title. He won you your first championship. If he then comes back and wins a second NBA championship in three years and your team's never won one before. Yep. That is a good thing. Yeah. No matter what like concerns you have about Right. His coaching style or whether it's built for long-term success. If he wins two in three years, you cannot fire him. Right. It's, I mean, it goes to the whole nuggets ownership too. Like when you have the best player in basketball in his prime, you should be willing to go over the luxury tax and spend a lot of money to try to get more championships.


Yeah. Not just have won and be like, that was good. Well, there, there was one clip where I, it, this was from like two weeks ago, three weeks ago, where Michael Malone was talking about his players and he said something along the lines of, yeah, you know, we have to go back and, and we'll look at the film. We'll have to show the players the film because they don't watch film. Ooh. But we'll show it to him. He, he like went out of his way that seemed like there's something wrong. Yeah. There's something going on behind the scenes that we don't know about. But I don't know. I mean, he won you guys a championship, I feel like Don't fire him before the Playoffs. Yeah. I also think Yoic deserves more credit. I saw this story from Tom Hara. He, he wrote a whole story about how basically like Yoic, it's insane how little help he's had.


And it would be totally reasonable for him to ask for a trade because it happens all the time. But Yoic is never, he is been just a good soldier. Do you know that? Tell me how many MVPs, or sorry, how many Allstar All Stars Yoic has played for on the Nugget played with on the Nuggets. Not guys who got an Allstar and then came to the Nuggets. But the guy who was on an Allstar team while being on the Nuggets with the Yoic Jamal Murray? Nope. Never made one. Nope. Okay. I don't think Michael Porter. Nope. I don't think he's played with any Then The answer's zero. Pretty crazy. That Is, yeah. That's wild. That's pretty pretty crazy.


He And Jamal Murray probably should have made one though. Well, he is had years where he is been hurt. Yeah. And I don't know if he, I mean there's, it's hard to make Allstar games. I know. If it's hard to make Allstar games. Let me pull up the article though, because it's zero. And then there's, there's even more that were just like crazy. He's never played with an all defensive player. I don't know that it's fair though to say that he has not had help. He's had help because Like, just saying Jamal Murray's a good player. Michael Port Ju is a good player. KCP was a very good player for him Of course. But he's, he has not every single MVP since 1984 has head has played with a guy who, who made an Oscar game. Yoic is the only one who has it. Hmm. That's pretty crazy. Like when I saw it, I was like, holy shit, this is, this is not, this is not normal.


The answer's zero. Yeah. Never played with an all-star teammate in his seven trips to the All-Star. He's gone seven times. He's been on the Nuggets for 10 years. You have to admit, like that's That is, that's a crazy stat. Yes. No, all NBA members. No, all defense awardees. 10 years. And if you looked at it, it was like Magic Johnson had like a a million, like 35 if you count all three of those. Like Larry Bird had 32, like all these teammates, Steph 27 0 for yo Max is highlighting Bruce Brown. Bruce Brown memes Was telling me that he, Bruce Brown, Bruce Brown made Astar game Memes thought that he won six man of the year.


They had To have six man of the year. I didn't say six man of the year, but I don't know if he did. I don't know if he did. I don't think I don I don't Think he did. I don't think he did. I don't think you could Say, Say he put one year in Denver average. I 11 point think you could say like the nuggets in this era. It's not like they have scrubs on the team, then Yoic is just dominating everybody agreed. But yeah, that is crazy that they, It's it was Shocking. They have no Robin. Correct. It was shocking just because Yoic, you never hear Yoic say like, his coach just got fired two days ago right before the playoffs started. He's never had a true number two, you've also never heard Yoic really complaint. Yeah. So that was the part that was, was kind of shocking. Anything else that we have fga Oh, did he get banned?


I think that might have been fake news. I thought it was fake. I saw John boy tweeted it and it was, does he Not rob the home Run? Oh, he robbed the home run. Right. That's what, but oh, there was a fake news going around that he got banned from all MLB stadiums this year. No, I was just talking more. He robbed the home run and then was like taking selfies of himself. Now how are you sure that that's Zach Campel On the jumbotron Also, He was wearing a shirt that said Zach Hamel on it. Yeah. If I, if I could, if I could rob be in position to rob a home run, I'd rob a home run. He also didn't rob it. It was over the wall. He kept his, he kept his glove on the right side of the wall. I don't Know the guy watch it. He didn't reach over the wall that was Against the Cubs. He would Be furious, of course.


But I also would know that Zach Campbell's the goat. He is, he did not, did he go over the wall? It looks like his hand is right there on the wall. That's very, very close. That's no Jeffrey Mayer. But I don't think he reached out. If anything, this Ray's guy's trying to steal it from him. Yeah, exactly. Thank you, max. Listen, I, I know Zach Campbell's a very controversial, actually, he's not controversial. Everyone just hates him. He's, he's the best to ever do it. He is the best at what he does. When did we stop respecting greatness? See, So here's an article from one of her bloggers. It said, Zach Hampel continues to be the worst to ever do it. You can't say that. That's a, You can't say that, that incorrect Statement.


You can, you can say he continues to be the worst. Yeah, But you can't say the worst to ever do it. He's literally the best to ever do it. What he does, he is the best of all time at and It's not even close. Who's this? Bugger. It's Bosco Rico. Bosco. Got it. I didn't see Max. You had to scroll down. Got It, got it, got it. Alright, do we have anything else? That's about it. Great interview with Whitney. Yeah. I love having, I need so badly for we'll talk, you'll hear it at the end, but I need so badly for this content to happen that we propose between Hank and Whitney. So, alright, let's kick it to ourselves for Ryan Whitney. And then We finish with Fyre Fest of the week.


Ryan Whitney is brought to you by our great friends over at Gametime. Baseball is back and there's nothing like getting to a baseball game, especially at the last minute. Lucky for me, I always use Gametime. The official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports Gametime makes getting tickets faster and easier. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets to Showtime. Hank, can you pull up the Gametime app? Take a look at what the next next Cubs game to get into. At Wrigley Field, the friendly confines plus, if you purchase a super deal when buying tickets on April 22nd, Gametime will plant a tree with proceeds for Earth Day. So if you're looking at those Cubs, tickets at Wrigley Field, Hank what? What's the get in price? Saturday Four 19 Gonna be a beautiful day. You can get in for $24. No, I mean, Wrigley Field for the Cubs. What did I just say? You said is that that's the price to get into Wrigley Field On Saturday. Four 19. Yeah. 20 Bucks to get into Wrigley Because right now, $23. That's incredible. Let's go. That's a great deal. Plus when you use Gametime and you create an account and use promo code PMT, you can get 20 bucks off your first purchase. We're looking at three, $4 to get into Wrigley Field. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime


Ryan Whitney's also brought to you by part of my cheese steak ordering. Pardon my cheese steak for your game day meal. Or late Night Eats is the best play call you can make. Part of my cheese steak offers a wide variety of cheese steaks, loaded fries, and popular desserts, including the donut dippers and the brownie bites. They're becoming two of our top selling menu items. The donut dippers, incredible brownie bites. Delicious. Pick your favorite cheese steak made with thin sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions on a toasted hokey roll. And get the popular Big Cat combo. Get your choice of a cheese steak, fries, and a drink. Go to part of my cheese steak.com order with code PMC 20. Get 20% off your order. That's part of my cheese steak.com. Use code MC 20, get 20% off your order. And now here's Ryan Whitney.


Okay, we now welcome on our very, very, very good friend. Actually, he's number one, I think on the leaderboard. I thought I lost it. I thought I ended up getting passed. We gotta find it. Can someone look up, because I Haven't been on it in quite a while. Yeah, you were. We've Had a, I was angry. We've had a couple solos Since you left. No, it was, no, it was obviously with your last year. I think it was also during, When Biz and I came on together. Yeah. When your third child was born and there was like some scheduling stuff. Yes, yes. Yes. Becausecause I remember there's playoffs. Yeah. Yeah. So, but I, it's Ryan Whitney, and I think your, if you're not one, you're two, It's an honor. We've Gotta get you back. This won't be the last time we have you on during playoffs. We're gonna have you back on So you'll, you'll Get back on. And hockey season only started two months ago for you guys.


Well, pre-season. Oh No, it's starting next week. It's yeah. Yeah. Pre-season. Yeah, it was, it's pre-season until April 19th. It started The day after the Four Nations ended. Yeah. It was that Best. All four nations. Wasn't even season for you guys. The best Allstar game ever. No. It was Allstar game. You agree? It was an Allstar game. It's Exhibition. I, I I agreed. It was one of the most amazing exhibitions I've ever seen. Exhibition. I'm not calling it an Allstar game. It was an Allstar game. It it was A warmup to the Olympics. Yeah. But it was an exhibition. So like, if you're a Canadian and you're saying, oh man, we beat you guys. Like, okay. In an exhibition. See? So that's what I kind of just trying to hold onto. But after my celebration of the Saturday night win in Montreal, I couldn't lean on that anymore.


That's kind Of what we, that Crazy. Exactly what we do. We do that all the time with USA hockey, The worst part about foreign nations and the Olympics next year. Do you guys know? No, it's no Russia. Oh. So nothing is really that legit because Would they be that good Best on, best on best hockey? Like you need Russia involved. It's just, you know what I mean? Would their team be that Good? Their team's goalies and forwards are probably the best. Oh, their D's not great, but like So you're saying double exhibition. It's complete Mickey Mouse because Russia wasn't Playing. That's a valid point. Double exhibition. Can we get One of their goalies to be a US citizen? No, that's not gonna happen. I don't think Putin will go go for that one. He's reasonable, but, Well, no. What, what if it's like, like Cuban ba remember Cuban baseball players like 20 years ago they'd do a tournament in the US and just stay, But they were like 45 years old, you know, saying they were 26.


Yeah. Also For Russian were to defect. Putin would just probably say, Hey, I got your family. Yeah. Got, I got all you. I got I, good point. I got everyone. I, I mean the, the most amazing thing about the Ovy Gold chase is, and this is totally not po it could not be true. He could be like 46 years old. Like you never know with Russians. So the fact that he's like, could be a little older is even crazier. Do you know that when he was, he was drafted in, in oh four, I believe and prior to the draft, the, the GM of, of the Panthers at the time was just on slotting the league with, with a, a technicality that he should be able to be drafted Yeah.


That year because of leap years. Yeah. Yeah. Technically he was 18 if we counted leap years. I love that. And that's, I I respect the hell out of that. Like, just trying your hardest knowing how good he'd be. Yeah. It's A great play. I imagine if they had said yes, you're right. Like, oh yeah, you exactly Like that guy would've been the GM of the century ever. Yeah. Ever. So I mean they gave it their best shot and then he changed Washington forever. Do you think, do you think the fact that there was no Russia and the Four Nations actually helped Ovie because he got a nice little break in the middle of it. Yes. And not, you know, not one caps player was on any of the teams. Right. Yeah. So it's, it's a big break where you see McDavid get injured. The k Chucks get injured. There were several other guys too that I can't think of right now.


That Yeah, I mean, you're trying to win a cup and all of a sudden you're going to war in an exhibition for a week. Definitely affects you. I kind of love that that hockey's like down for that. I don't know if they're, the owners are willingly down for it. Well, I mean, I've, I think I originally first bashed basketball on your show years, years ago. I'm talking 2017. And, and that night was the greatest thing in the world for the hockey basketball conversation. They were squaring off at Center Ice. And an exhibition in basketball was like throwing like balls through a hula hoop with cars On the floor. By the way, we, we found it, it didn't go well. 'cause I watched as Max tried to, he had to at one point Google how to spell appearance.


But I think you're, I was Spelling it right by the way. I I think you Tied Tied. So I don't know when this was last updated. When was this last updated? Yesterday. Oh, okay. So there we go. So you're now number one. You are number one all time leader. Best guest. Thank you guys. Thank you guys. In terms Of appearances, That's just amazing news right there. I mean, Mike Portnoy, the list, the names on that list. We gotta Get Mr. Portnoy Back on. Yeah, I know. Why would, why would you stop having him on? Just 'cause his son is mean to him. Yeah's Randy Moss Is on that list. The white one. Is That the is Yeah. The white one. It's not. Have you ever had the the black Randy Moss on? We Have not, not He said no. No, we've never asked. Really. I'm sure we such a no brainer for you guys.


I think, I think we have tried to have him on in the past, but it wasn't, it wasn't like he said No. I think the schedule just never lined up. Yeah. But we will have him on w Why know Jaden Daniels? Oh, We have Been on He he's been on. Yeah. Yeah. Not since he 'cause I knew you had on Caleb. Yeah, we Had Jayden Daniels on right after he won the Heisman. And then we were gonna try to get 'em on Super Bowl week. But it was Super Bowl week's. Weird because it's like every interview, you, you either have your, they're selling something. Yeah. Yeah. You either have your friends that you know, will come down and sit with you or you have people who are selling something, which no disrespect to them. 'cause why not go make money pitching a product and then we realize we're gonna do Grit Week in that area. So it's like we'd rather talk to him when he's, When he is more like chill when He is not Yeah. When he is not going from interview to interview of Super Bowl week.


Plus, if we were to have him on that week, it would be us interviewing him, but also like four other shows putting out their Jaden Daniels interview. Correct. Yeah. And, and then they're saying the same thing on every show. I just, I just love talking about Jiffy Lube, their car care service second to none. Skittles Ski Loves. My mom is watching every girl I'm with like a hawk. Yeah. I'm okay with that. No girls. Yeah. Okay. Fair. I I feel some tension between The two of you. Yeah. There's no tension. He told me last night that I have a beef with you. I said about what sport now. All right. He said Friendship. Yeah. About the sport of Friendship. About the sport of friendship. That's serious. And I've heard, I've heard through the grapevine from two separate sources that wit has been on edge about this. Well, I'm, you've feeling good. Well, wonder like all of a sudden I got a guy that like friendly with because you're my guy friendly.


I don't know like, super Well you and I, that's coming up to me with a dead serious face walking out going, I'll see you tomorrow. I said, does anyone know what that's about? Everyone's telling me no. So obviously I'm, I thought it was Ovie. I Mean, immediately I was like, I mean, I'm coming, I'm coming on a show knowing that the host of the show has a beef with me. I'm curious. Well, wait. We've known each other for how long? We've known each other for about 7, 8, 8 years. Eight years. Eight years. Eight years. I've considered you a friend. We've always been friendly. We haven't hung spent a lot of time together outside The office. That's, we was friendly. We're not friends, but we're friendly. Right. I don't have your number. Yeah, I would agree with that. So what's interesting is, I was, I was going on your, your Twitter the other day.


'cause I wanna see what's Whitney posting about. I wanna be able to have a good interview. What's he fired up about? You don't follow me on Twitter. I do. You don't follow me on Twitter. Whit. That's one of those things that, you know, you end up on somebody's page and you press it by accident. Oh No. You go that. Well, I know for a fact at one point I know for a fact at one point I followed you and there was no point in time where I went, I'm gonna go unfollow PFT commenter. Yeah. So that, that's what concerned me. I was like, whit, you, we used to follow each other. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, no, we don't. I'm gonna do it right again. So hold on. You truthfully thought as a listener of this show, the number one most occurring guest.


Yep. You think I went and unfollowed you? That's what made me so concerned. Yeah. I actually didn't think that went. What I actually, I I figured out what happened. I think you remember when I locked down my Twitter account with 999,999 followers? Yes. I think you might have unfollowed and tried to Rell just to see like, oh, is it really locked down? And then I think I told you at the time, like, no, if you opted out, I'm not letting you back in until I opened it up. And then you just never came in. That's So the whole time you knew what happened. No, I thought about it more overnight and I was like, I'm pretty sure that's it. You know, that I Just wanted you to stewing the beef a little bit longer. Yeah. I'm like, last night I'm like talking to Francis. I'm like, I what the fuck I did to PFT commenter.


I'm, I'm asking Big Cat, what did I do? Big cat's like, I don't know anything. And I'm like, this man's lied to me. No, but I didn't. No. And I'm like, I don't believe him. When you What, What did I say to you last night? I Said, you said he know anything. You never been mad at anyone? I said I don't, I don't think I've ever seen PFT genuinely mad at anyone, so I wouldn't worry that Much. Oh, that's not true. I've been mad at Max before. Yeah. I mean, I gotta be honest, I was disgusted by Max. Oh, disgusted. I texted Dan. Yeah. Can you see me? No, the April 1st thing. Oh, We don't have to do that. So I was very, We don't have to do that. So hold on. Come on on. I was very, I was listening To do this. Hold on, max. I'm sorry. So Max it's always best. I was listening. I'm listening and I was on a flight home.


What was it? It was last week, right? Yeah. I was like, It was April 1st I text. So I texted, I texted Dan in the middle of listening. I'm like, who is on the phone? Like, who is playing big dom? And then as I kept listening, I'm like, oh my gosh, Jerry O'Connell very funny, very funny clip. Yes. Then it comes out of you like telling that kid you're gonna fire him. I was like You were that mad. Yeah, I was mad. I was fired up. I was fired up. I'm I, and, but I Was like, oh, he's not that mad. I was like, no, I Texted Dan Wasn't don't fire him. Yeah, You No, but you were like, I almost hit hit him. I guess guess slap you. He's gonna slap him. So like, growing up, were you like the, like you could not take a joke.


No. The the joke is, I've taken many a joke on this, on this very program right here. Yeah. But you've become like a household name, enormous part of the show. Like enormous. It's gone from like, you came on like, who's this guy? And now it's like Max is like a storyline every episode. And then you're telling a guy you're gonna fire him. I was like, holy shit, this guy's crazy. I was embarrassed. I I should have known Big Dom's voice. And that's, that's what I was ashamed of. My thought was ashamed, ashamed of myself. I thought, oh no, I said it. I thought, Wait, What? Obviously I didn't know it wasn't him or else I wouldn't have reacted that.


What, What day was this on? This was on April 1st. Oh, okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So yeah. So my thing is, I said April, my thing is when you saw the, how did you guys release it? Like for mature audiences only? Yeah. Yeah. The pm TV. Were You like, oh my God, I'm so embarrassed how I look here? Or were you still like, no, fuck them. Some of both had The closed captions on it. Yeah. I mean those were all, those were fake closed captions. No, No. I think it's just funny. I was, I never thought you were mad. I was like, oh, I was Mad. No, no. He was mad. I started breaking stuff back Here. This was like a fool's break. It broke His little finger skateboard where he was Half, I have it in my hand right now.


At first, At first he was, he was mad at us. And then after I, I'd say even after like 10, 15 minutes, you gradually became mad at yourself. Yes. And then you got mad at yourself for being so mad. Right. And being like, I'm gonna look stupid Because I'm, he was mad at the situation. And Then little did you know, like how stupid you were gonna look as a Max Guy. I was like, oh my God. I I have like a li like, I was like, I'm afraid to like ever mess With him. Yeah. He's a, he's, he's an Italian. He just is an Italian through Well you to use that excuse an Italian, don't make a joke with all that. No. There's some Italians that's like all, they're not like, you know, they're Italian, but that's just part of their personality. Like if you had to describe Max, it's Italian. That's what he, that's how he, his emotions.


I just had a piece of pizza with him. I can tell he's Mm. It Was his emotions. His, all of his emotions are just like ramped up. Yeah. Just good, bad, happy, Sad. But, but the Eagle stuff, I get that like, you know, your show's built on people being diehard fans. And it's like on April Fools prank, I've never seen somebody that mad. I, I have ever have, I have a litmus test for like, when I think something we've done is like really funny. And it's when Witt and Ys text me being like, oh my God, He's texted me first I got a text from Pop and I Was like, dude, you see this guy fucking max. He's snapping Two very funny guys. And when they text I'm like, oh, this was good. Like, we hit it.


We we got something Here. Oh man. Yeah. I should, I overreact. I may have overreacted. I may have Overreacted. No, no. It's very, very, very good content though, max. Just unfortunately your expense this time, but you've been on the most times. You've been on the right side of things lately. Right. Super. Yeah, no, Eagles won Super Bowl champ. And then did I hear there's a chance you're going to the White House? Yes. I I I don't think that might End up happening or He's, I don't think he's talk with big dom about it. Like big Dom felt so bad. Big Dom texted me right away. He was like, that's like, I just listened so funny. We can't let my pizan go down like that. We're gonna try to get him into the White House. I don't think it's I is Which is more than fine.


Which is more than fine. That, But it would be great. We were joking that like imagine if he's, He snaps on Donald Trump. Yeah. Or like, fuck fucker or pick Dom hires him as security and then like one of the Eagles players gets like accosted by like a protester and it's like, who was on that? Who's on that detail? Oh, it's Max. Make sure no Hamas tweets. Oh no Hamas. That was bad. That was bad. There's a lot Ofs a lot of Things. No parking out front. There's The Sal Palant was really the one that I looked back at. We got s and I'm like, how the fuck did I, we got Sal think got Sal Palant. You started listing Italians, Sal Powell. I know that that was, see there was moments where I would just get, I'd be like, oh my, I'm starting to do it right now.


Where I'd just think about like, how are you that stupid? And just being so I I was mostly mad at myself. I was mostly mad at Myself. No, no, no, no. So we can tell, We could tell Ben, Ben Maira Max So, so wit Let's talk a little hockey spit and chicks. Everyone should listen. It's the best. Thank you guys. You very much guys. Especially when we get to like playoff time. It's so Awesome. It seems like every year we have something big in playoffs with us. Yeah. So I'm kind of hoping again this year, like something happened. Is there any bet going? Is it, I mean, I know that B Biz doesn't do his bets Doesn't, so you don't make bets with him anymore. Right. It's the same. Who was I just talking about? There was a guy that used to work at Barstow that made a bet. He jump jump in the Hudson River if the Rangers house he never did. It's like, all right, well right.


You know, we don't make bets with you anymore. But Is That Avery? Avery? You know what Avery's doing? No. Avery is producing a podcast. I'll give you one guess and I'll give you, I actually know who I, I forgot. Yeah, Paul Tua. Jake. Oh, I thought he was working for Jake Paul. No, he was producing the, the Talk Tua podcast. Yeah. When she did the meme drop. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You're lying. Perfect. I'm dead serious. So perfect that what, what he was doing. Avery's Working for Talk Tua. Yeah. I thought he worked for Jake Paul And he does now. I think It's his production company. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Jake Paul, whatever. But he was, that was, that was his, his baby. Oh man. Talk to her. Which is a great show by the way. And then she disappeared. Yeah. So hockey this year, so many storylines.


I think the number one for me is that this is the best chance the Leafs have ever had to win the cup. And this, and, and biz won't make a, you won't make a bet with biz. 'cause he, he Gets ized. I don't even think he like really is like, he's so into it. He does. It's almost one of those like, I don't need to bet it. Right. You know, because like I have so much riding on it anyways. Right. But the, the, there's some been just some crazy, like, what would be the word? Like coincidences or like things that are kind of happening that lead back to the last Maple Leaf Stanley Cup Team of Destiny. Yes. If, if, if you wanna look at it that way for a team who's had just no success, 1967, the first is that, well the most recent one I heard is the last time both the Detroit Red Wings in Boston Bruins didn't make the Stanley Cup was 1967.


Nothing crazy. The playoffs like kind Yeah. Kind of nuts that those two teams didn't make it the last time they went. Well, they're both out. There was the last time the, the, there was a member of the Maple Leafs with the nickname Chief 1967. They're coaches now. Nicknamed Chief. Okay. It's his first year. Okay. There was some other things that, that are kind of, I'm, I'm missing off the top of my head right now. Some, some, there was one amazing one, it, it'll come back to me, but basically it's like you have all these storylines of the Leafs. You have their best player or one of them coming up as a free agent. So Mitch Mar, who's that? Okay. Mitch Marner. Nobody has any clue. Like basically Biz is describing it as if he lights it up And we go on a run.


Even if we don't win the cup, we have to resign him. If he doesn't play good, we don't resign him. So it's like, well you're really gonna rely like just on this one singular playoff to determine his fate and future as a may leaf. So that's kind of crazy storyline there. Here's another one right here. Brobe. Yep. He coached the blues. He snapped a 52 year championship. Yes. Yes. And then this would be 52 years since 1967. It's, it's wild. And not to mention like, forget the other things and I wish I had all the other ones in, in my head, but You can like see the graphic that they're gonna put up on the screen. Yeah, right. I could See. I could see. Yeah. And we had a guy on named Hockey Illuminati on Chiclets, who's a diehard Leaves fan. Hasn't missed a game in years.


And he had, he was listing us off like different stats and unfortunately it was a while ago. I don't remember. But they are very good too. So like, I don't know, like I actually feel like this could be the year. They're not, probably not gonna have to play a Florida team in the first round. Whereas if it sticks out where way they win the division, they get Ottawa, which is actually better for hockey as a whole because then you get the Battle of Ontario and you get the Battle of Florida with Tampa and the Panthers who played this incredible series, I think three years ago. And for Toronto, it's like, all right, well this Ottawa hasn't been in the playoffs for, I don't know, 10 years. Nine years. So like, we should be able to get by them. Right? Then they get to play the Florida team that was beat up by the other Florida team who lost.


So it's kind of all setting up. And hockey would be very, very well off to have the Leafs go on a run. Yeah. The, the hockey related revenue would be through the roof right. And the east. I think now PFT may be mad. I think there's two, maybe three teams that could win the cup. I don't know if I consider Washington one of them for Some reason. Can I ask a question about that? Why Washington? Yeah. They're, I know they're, they're the best team I know. 'cause I was looking at the odds. 'cause I want, by the end of this episode, I want you to gimme a pick that I can ride. But like they, they have the most points and they're, I don't know, like third or fourth in the east in odds Why they have, they've scored the most goals too. Why? Why? I'll just say goal tending. I think they got some goal tending questions.


They have, they got two goalies and they thought they knew which direction they were gonna go earlier in the season. And neither one has, like, they get on hot streaks sometimes, but neither one has done anything to separate themselves and be like, To take the job. That's our guy. And then when you're going into the playoffs, like if you don't, if if, if you have a one A and a one B, do you have a number one? Like, it's kind of like, I don't know, the league's changed where you now have goalies really split time and play, I don't know, 45 and, and, and 38 games, whatever it may be. But once you get in the playoffs, it seems like every year the winning team has a go-to guy in net. Yeah. Now I think that to me is the other thing also, it's been like this magical run of the goal chase and it's been such a cool storyline.


But like when you get down to matchups, then you're playing a team four outta seven. Like, I don't know, like I, I think Dylan Stroms an awesome player. Yeah. And like, but if he's going up against like Barko or Matthews and it's like some of these other Centermen, it's like, I don't know, can he can, can he hold up his end of the bargain? Like he could No doubt. But it's more just looking at the whole team. But it's been a wild ride. They also have kind of struggled lately. Now granted, I think they've been on like a bender every time. OV scores. It's like, we tied it up, we gotta go out. We broke the record. Gotta go out and yeah, I don't know. I, I think that they're gonna get Montreal in the first round. That's like this crazy storyline nobody saw coming. The last time they played in the playoffs was when Washington won the president's trophy.


Lost in the first round of them. Yep. To, you know, kind of a shocking, upset, kind of similar there. Now if Washington were to get to the conference finals, like, I don't think anyone would be surprised. But it's more like, not everyone's just picking it to happen, right? Yeah. Right. Based on the record. Like, how do you feel? So are you super confident? I I'm not su I think that we can go on a run for sure. I think that I, I disagree with you. I think that Dylan Stro can play with anybody. Right. I, I love watching him play. He's a great player. He's a Great player. He's good at, at setting his teammates up always where he needs to be. I think Tom Wilson is playing one of the best seasons of his career. Yep. And Ovy is certainly like at the top of his game right now. The difference between this team and the team that you were talking about that lost to Montreal back in what, whatever year that Was.


2010, I think. Yeah. So they had a hot goalie, very hot goalie. Hal Lock in Montreal. Yeah. Hal Lock. I fucking hate that guy. Our offense was a shitload of Mike Green firing in like long distance, low percentage shots. And so he was getting a bunch of saves. We would take, we would outshoot them by like 20 shots a game, but They weren't like grade A. And they, but they weren't grade A shots. And this team has more of a cohesive offense, I think, than that team did at times. Like we, we play prettier hockey at times than that team did. So we interviewed Dylan Tro recently and kind of asked him like, what did Carberry say before this year? Because they made a lot of moves in the off season. Right? They brought in like Jacob Chira. They, they, they ended up bringing in guys this pro guy's.


Unbelievable. He's bellow Rush monster. The capital's also drafted his brother who's another, like, I'm talking six, six monsters. I guess Carberry told them like, my biggest thing is we need to score more. Like last year they, they were good strategy. Strategy. Yeah. Like one of the best coaches in the league. Yeah. More Goals. Great move. Say we gotta score goals. Yeah. They led the league in goals they like. And even Dylan Storm was like, I don't think anyone saw this coming, but obviously like protos and Ovy and Yeah. Stro and I don't know, I I, I think that the, the, when I say like, why I don't think they're gonna win it. If you're a CAPS fan, it's like, this guy's an idiot. He hasn't given really one reason. It's kind of just like a gut feeling. I think last year they were so bad and I know it's a different team.


I'm like, how would be this team be that good the next year? But so far I've looked like an idiot. Yeah. I mean, I don't think one guy on Chicklets picked him to make the playoffs. Wow. That's crazy. I listen, I, I don't have, I don't have the same confidence that I had back in even 2017 or 2018 when they made the playoffs. But I do think that there's something very cool about this team and they're, they've been a joy to watch the entire season from the first Game. They're a fun team To watch. They've been pretty consistent. And I, I thought that there might be a little bit of letdown after Ovie got the record because this season has been so much about getting the right as it probably should be. It's a crazy, crazy achievement. And Part of me was that maybe like, when that happens, it's like, ah, the balloon kind of bursts. But, But I Can then playoffs come.


I like the fact that we're playing against the hurricanes tonight. I Was just gonna write now that We got in that line brawl with, at the end of the last game, because that's gonna be a physical game. I think that's enough to shock you out of any sort of like goal record hangover that you might have. I was gonna say, I, I almost wish this was like tomorrow morning because by the sounds of it, there's gonna be fireworks tonight. And that's where Washington, at least against a team like Carolina, like they don't really have anyone like the way Washington has a Tom Wilson, you know, like the, when they played last week turned into a really dirty game. Aho slash Tom Wilson. And then Tom Wilson's skating around and he's saying, who's gonna protect you? You could read who's gonna protect you? Like basically like I'll kill anyone. Right? Yeah. And now they're playing again quickly.


And even in that game, Carberry was over kind of whispering in Tom Wilson's ear and biz. And I were saying like, what do you think he's saying to him? Like, please kind of like, calm down, calm down. It was more like, he might take a 25 game suspension right now. Yeah. I can't A bad as guy. Yeah. Yeah. So they yeah. That, that is last night as you're listening on Friday, and I think we're gonna see some fireworks and I think Tom Wilson will be one of those like looking at the bench, like who's gonna do anything? Right. You have nobody here that I won't pump. Right. And and this is also coming from the Jalen Chatfield. He, did you see that movie? Yeah. He Like, yeah, yeah, yeah. He like flipped him. Yeah. He kind of like figure four leg lock. Like s sl footed him. Yeah. No helmet on. Pretty dangerous. It sounds like maybe a, a little exaggerate exaggeration, but like, he could've died.


Like if that guy lands on his head, dude, he's well in hock, that's not what you do in a fight, Right? Isn't in hockey. Like, you're not supposed to, like, you can obviously punch, but you're not supposed to like intentionally try to like, like bring someone to the ground in a move like That. No, I think you actually can. Like I think if you're squared off and you grab each other's shoulders and you wanna slam him down, which ironically is what Tom Wilson did to Panera That was different. He was wearing a, he jumped on like a backpack he Was behind, but like whipping him around like that, That it was more about getting your leg behind his leg. And then, you know, if you take a guy and slam him down, it's like, buddy, I'm bigger, I'm stronger, I'm meaner than you. Yeah. But to use your leg, it was just, I don't know it like a Judo and Rod, Brendan Moore, he called me a moron.


It was not directly, he said, media, you're all morons. I'm a media guy now. Yeah, you are. And I was the one that was saying like, I think he should have got like a three or four game suspension, but they didn't suspend him. So now it's kind like, who's what's to stop the next guy from figure four leg sweeping a guy. Right, Right. Alright, so, so the leaves are storyline. You gave the three teams, three teams in these. Okay. They, you, they, I, I give you these three teams. One of these three teams has to make it to the cup, otherwise you lose all your credibility. Okay. Holy shit. Yeah. That was big. There's a lot of credibility and this is, this means something because we always, we have a lot of credibility on this podcast. Florida, Tampa, Toronto. I'm taking all three Atlantics. Okay. I think that the only thing that'll stop that is whoever of those three makes the conference finals might just be beat to shit outta gas.


Right. And, and I think Carolina has a pretty nice route based on the fact that Jersey doesn't have a lot of their players healthy. Jack Hughes being the biggest one. Wait, Wait, the devils are in the playoffs. Devils are in. Somehow if you follow Frank the tank on Twitter, you would thought never imagine. Oh, I thought the thought were in the playoffs. I thought The team folded. No, legit. I I think he was talking like they were winning the draft lottery. Yes. They're in the playoffs. Oh, that's So funny. And, and, and you know, you, you, but without Jack Hughes it's like, ah, and Carolina kind of comes hard The last time they played after New Jersey beat the Rangers in seven, two years ago when Avery didn't jump in the Hudson, the, the, the hurricanes like just whooped on 'em. Now it's two years later. But no, Jack Hughes.


So the problem would be of the three Atlantic teams to get to the conference final, they could face a team that hasn't dealt with like two rounds of just kicking the shit out of each other. Right, right. On the other end. Alright, so what about the West? Is there one team that's better than everyone? Real quick. Wait, I, I wanted to just throw this stat at you. I know that the Panthers are a great team. Yes. Stanley Cup champions. Do you know offhand the CAPS record against the Panthers this year and the total goals? No, but based on you bringing it up, I'm gonna guess that the caps are three or four and Oh, They're three and oh against the Panthers and the total cumulative score is 16 to seven. Mm. This is why CAPS fans really, really made Me 4 1 6 3 6 3.


They, and I think I've been tweeted like, buddy, you don't know what you're talking about. We've crushed the, the Panthers all year. Like, and, and, and I have nothing to say. It's more just like, it's kind of an eye test for me. And what's funny is you bring up the West, the same exact thing can be said for Winnipeg, Winnipeg and Washington this year. I think both, both teams, the expectations weren't that crazy high going into the year. They're the number one and two team. And I'm still like, same thing with Washington. Like I don't really buy Winnipeg now based on last year they played Colorado in the first round. It was a shit kicking, like hella buck was not hella buck and Colorado's offense was just humming and Winnipeg looked horrible.


And now, you know, they're not gonna have to face one Colorado in the first round. Right. Because they're gonna win the division and maybe get like a wounded Minnesota team. But still I'm like the next round that means they have Dallas or Colorado. Right. I actually like Colorado the best Because that did Colorado won the Stanley Cup, what, two years ago? No, three years ago. They won it three, Three Years ago it went, it went Colorado, then Vegas, then Florida. But that, like, that team is still the team that like there's a lot of the same guys from the, from the Stanley Cup year. Well they yeah. Mainly McCarr and McKinnon. Right. And, and they have this crazy emotional storyline coming through of Gabriel Landesk.


And do you remember like him and his captain of the avalanche, his last NHL game was the game they won the cup in. I think they won five that year or maybe six against the lightning. Yep. And lightning. They were going for the third straight. They had nothing left in the tank and Landesk raised the cup and then it came out after he had played the entire playoffs on just a crippled knee. Like his knee was a mess. He had been cut by a skate that, that, that, you know, they fixed that and then it, they realized that it wasn't just a cut, something else had happened, realized he didn't have cartilage where there needed to be cartilage. So he hasn't played hockey in, in three, coming up on three years. Wow. And he's now back, he's going down to the a HL as of yesterday.


Wow. So that way he can play three games in the a HL, not have to be put on the cap for the avalanche would, which would cause them issues trying to get 'em back in the lineup. So no, we'll go send him to the miners for three games and then when the cap's canceled, then there's no cap starting game. One of the Playoffs he's back. Yep. Their captain's back three years toward Line. People get so mad when this happens. But it's so funny because it ha every year it happens where a guy will get injured. I know. And they can use him later in the year and it doesn't come to the cap. And it's like, it, it's, it's such an advantage. It's such a, it's such an infuriating thing for other fan bases. And for myself, last year Vegas got hurdle and Mark Stone was put on LTIR again and I'm like, he, it was like the breaking bad.


Like he can't keep getting away with this. And now it's different with Landesk to me because like, I don't know, I just have so much respect for him. We interviewed him recently. He had a documentary made about his comeback. He talks a lot about how many nights. He's like, I'm done. Like the thought of like this is over and that he's able to come back healthy enough and, and, and give it a chance. So hopefully everything's okay in the miners in the three games he's playing. And then we get to see, you know, for them, they get their captain back while also having made I think like five or six huge deals. They switched up their entire lineup throughout the year. They, they brought in two new goalies, which is like, you never see that. And then they traded for Charlie Coyle from Boston. They traded for Brock Nelson from the Islanders.


They made all these deals where like their team's awesome. They, they, they traded Ronan in this huge deal to Carolina. Got Jack Drury, Martin Naci, who's been sick with McKinnon. So Colorado to me is, they're the best team in the West. Okay. Sorry. That might be my, that might be my Future. And if they play Dallas, which I think they will in the first round, one of those kind of unfair, like either team could win the cup and somebody losing first round That happened last year with the Knights and the Stars. Right. Exactly. Like those two teams were incredible. So Bittman's been very open with loving this system of having the three division winners. You know, two and three play each other in both. And then one from each division plays the two Wild cards Wild card. Yeah.


I get it builds these rivalries. But it also every year knocks out a true Cup contender in the first round. Yeah. That seems kind of Bullshit. I don't know. Now, most of the time, if you look at, if you did one through eight old school way, I think like it always kind of ends up being the same anyway. Yeah. So like the argument, it's kind of a, a moot point, but I don't know, it just sucks for a Dallas Stars fan or an abs fan that one of them's going home. Yeah. And the reason I'm really kind of hell bent on Colorado being able to get by them is one of the best defensemen in the league League is a Finn guy. Miro Hessan for Dallas, he's out. Okay. And I don't think he's coming back for the first round and without him, I think it's gonna be tough for them to beat him. Okay. I might be an AVS guy. What do we think about about Beman?


Where are we at with him? Because I feel like on this show we've got a pretty good narrative going around Adam Silver. We got a good one going around Manford and baseball. Yep. And we know a lot about Roger Goodell. All I know is that hockey fans tend to not like him, but I don't know why, why I want to hate him. 'cause I want to hate every commissioner. 'cause it's easy to be like, I I fucking sucks. Yeah. He stinks. Yeah. Why should I hate him? I have no reason why you could hate him. Do you have his phone number? I do not have his phone number. Does biz have his phone number? Yes. Biz Biz has or Compromised Biz Biz has shown me messages where, Because every, every hockey guy I'm like, I see him. They're like, that guy's a clown. No, But I you everyone says that and everyone booze him when his name's announced. And I don't think 90% of the people booing would have a reason why they're booing him.


It's just fun to, it's like, oh, we're booing Gary Bettman. Okay. But what the game's done, I mean, I don't know, I think he's coming up 25 years roughly. If you could look that up. Maybe Hank or Max, I don't wanna make you mad Hanks at Max, this isn't a prank, but just see how long he's been. The commissioner and the league's been, been pretty outstanding. Yeah. In all that time. I feel like hockey's in a great place right now. He's grown the game enough. I mean, not just him, but he's obviously done a good job. How long? 93. Holy shit. Yeah. Wait, that's, that's 30 years crazy. 31 years Crazy. And I think he's already starting to make it clear. He is kind of figuring out an exit path, but I don't know.


I, I guess one complaint would be he, he was kind of at the helm now granted 'cause of the owners of like getting rid of Best on Best. You know, it had been since 2014 till we got our exhibition All Star game this year. Yeah. But now he's back and he's brought it back where we're getting something every two years with Olympic World Cup. I don't really know why Bettman gets boo golf. That all, it's probably residual from the lockout motor. It was oh six when the, and remember when when the NHL was on like O-A-N-O-L-N-O-N More like network. Yeah. Yeah. That was my rookie year. That was so Brutal. Nobody could watch it. You Couldn't watch Hockey. You had Sydnee Crosby and Alexander Ovechkin as rookies. Yeah. And you're looking for the Outdoor Life network. Yeah. Wasn't it the, the Stanley Cup finals were on Spike tv. Yeah.


So like that it was, I'm pretty sure it was John Taffer leading into the Stanley Cup. Yeah. Shut it down. No, I think that it, you're right, that's what it is. It's been, there was a a a half shortened season that was at the end of my career. I think that was my second to last year. And then my first year pro I was in the minors all year, which I might have been anyway because the whole season was canceled. So that's probably the issue. But like any, any commissioner, it's like hate the owners. They're literally doing exactly what the owners tell him to do. Yeah. You know? Right, right. And and in Hockey, they're, they're there to take the bullets. Like that's our whole thing with Cade is as much as you can blame Cade for a lot of stuff, and he is an asshole, he's just, he's just doing what Jerry Jones Wants and they're paid handsome 40 million For them.


It's like, okay, I'll, I'll I'll take that job in a heartbeat In a second. Yeah. Well, what else? What else? Yeah, Beman, I don't know. I mean, he's, he, the, the game hockey isn't such a great place right now. It really is. Like I, that's why I hope the, the playoffs is kind of legendary. And it's also one of the reasons he likes the playoff format. Even though you might lose two cup contenders in the first round. The first round is so watched and anticipated. Yeah. That, you know, you're gonna get some incredible storylines. And he almost looks at it like, at least with our podcast last year we were doing, we were do we do twice a week in the playoffs And we were doing live shows for at least one of the days a week. And we noticed as the playoffs went on and you get to conference finals, which is end of May and cup finals in June, viewership was kind of dropping.


Because I think as the weather changes, like Yeah. Unless your, your team's going, I think a lot of people are kind of like, dude hockey started 10 months ago. Yeah.


Ryan Whitney is brought to you by our great friends over at a 24 from a 24 Alex Garland and Iraq War veteran Ray Mendoza present warfare, a visceral boots on the ground story and embeds audiences with Naval Sea Navy Seals stationed in an Iraqi apartment building. It's an IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11th. Get tickets now. That's right. From a 24 comes Alex Garland and an Iraq War veteran. Raymond Doza show Warfare. Warfare is boots on the ground. You're in, you're inside an Iraqi apartment building with Navy Seals in IMAX and theaters everywhere. April 11th get tickets. Now


The other thing with hockey, and, and I know that NBA still has higher ratings, but the NBA first round versus hockey first round is opposite, is such an opposite. Like hockey first round, you can always have those upsets. All the series feel competitive. NBA is just like, all right, let's get to the second. It's over second round. Right. Let's just get, let's Get on, it's be two sweeps and a couple and five. Right. With hockey, it's like the, the, you know, I think that the, the record might be seven of eight went to game seven. I I might have been six, but this year I wouldn't be surprised at all to see four or five game sevens. I love it. Which is the best thing in the world. The first round. And you just get all these p eyeballs on the sport. So Batman's done a good job. I mean, the league's better than, than it was when he came in.


Yeah. I got a question for you. I, I heard you say this, you've never had ov on, do you ever think you could get Ov on, we were talking about this the other day, like we have no in whatsoever. Not One guy that you played with. Well, like Oshi I'm very friendly with and like maybe I could be like, Hey, can you ask him? That's, I don't even wanna ask Oshi to ask Him. Yeah. That's tough biz. And I have kind of like a, not a theory, but a, a hope that a lot of these guys when they retire, like Brad Marshan for example, he is like, I'd love to come on when I retire. Right. Drew Doughty, I'd love to come on when I retire. Now most of these guys say I'll do a sandbagger right now, but when for for a long term sit down interview, I'll do it when I retire. Maybe we get Ovy now. There's a chance Ovy iss back in Russia.


Like I think he's mentioned before, he'd like to play one last year in the KHL for, he's only ever played for Dynamo Moscow and the Washington Capitals. And it would be pretty sick, like for his, you know, for Russia if he went back and just did like a fun year in playing for them. But if he does that, like he's, he's probably gone. He's never coming back. He's never coming back. Yeah. You know, his wife's Russian and Yeah, they're, they're, that's it. He's a God there. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I, we, I I have tried to get ov on Pardon My Take before, and I've been in touch with like, the caps pr Before when you were running by him. Yeah, when I was running by. That was maybe one of the coolest moments of my life. I saw that clip. 'cause you recognized his wife. Yeah. Yeah. So I was, I was out for a jog. This was like probably 10 years ago. I was out for a jog in my, my parents' old neighborhood.


I was running around this big lake that they had. And so I get to the other side of it and I knew that's where O's house was, but I'm out for this jog and then I see this dude in a hoodie on like a BMX bike. Like a dirt bike. Hey, He's a monster Just riding up up this hill right past me, coming straight towards me on the road. I jogged past him and I was like, okay, that guy's like a machine on this bike. But I didn't think it was Ovy. I had no idea. Then I see his wife, I'm like, oh shit, that's o's wife look back at Ovy. He just gets to the top, walks his bike down the hill, bikes it up again, that he was doing rehab for his MCL. He had a torn MCL and, and his whole thing was I just go ride bike. Oh. And I, I'm, I'm guessing his trainers were like, Hey, no, we got the STEM machine.


Yeah. And he is like, no, no Russia, we, we ride bike uphill, Ride bike uphill walk bike down, ride bike uphill. And yeah, he did that. I was probably out for about 35 minutes and he did that the entire time. I just stopped and watched. It was Then how, what was your approach to ask him for? Pardon? My Take. Oh, that wasn't, I, I wasn't doing Pardon My Take at the time. Oh, oh, no, no. I was just a fan. But I've reached out to their, their PR people for the caps before trying to set up other guys on, on the team for an interview. And I ask about Ovie and they're always just like, ha Yeah. They, that's yeah. Yeah. Like, oh, like you're really a, like, they don't even like consider, there's no way consider a real Ass. Right. Yeah. I do think that the language barrier is a real thing with o he, he speaks English, but it's, you know, don't know if get, he could do a full Interview.


Yeah. He might not wanna sit here and then just be doing the translations in his head and then like, you two be fucking with him too. So then he's gotta deal with that. He wouldn't know you're fucking with him. Right. You know, it's like, that's a guy though that would just be so incredible to sit down and talk to. Like the fact that he broke that record. I sat on, I sat on Spit and Chiclets and I was like, you guys are gonna make fun of me. But like, I was like emotional watching it. I was sitting there with my, my two of my boys and my wife was there and she doesn't care or know about hockey, but for a month I'd been kind of like telling the boys like he scored again, like eight left, eight left. And, and then, and then it was perfect because my son had two hockey games that Sunday. But it was, it was was a 1230 start. It was right in the middle of the games.


It was like, great. And I'm sitting there and I'm watching and like the way Gretzky spoke and had the Gordy how Pin, and I was just like misty eyed. I'm like, I can't believe I got to, I said, I can't believe I got to play against this guy like my whole life. Like hockey's all I cared about and like Wayne Gretzky's record, nobody will ever beat it. And then like, I played against this guy who just broke this record that nobody thought would, would be ever touched. It's just like crazy. Me even now, like thinking about it like that, like that record was untouchable. Right. There's so those moments in sports where you're like, I am lucky enough, I'll never forget what to see this and I'll never, and they'll never probably be someone who breaks his record. So it's like, I saw that. So that, that was what I kind of said on Chiclets when I was telling the guys, like, I was sitting there just like, you know, emotional about it in a way.


And, and then I had responses on Twitter that's like, well nobody fucking said that Gretz used to be broken. I'm like, that's kind of a valid point. Like maybe there, but there was a stat I saw on Twitter that, you know, if there's a, if there's a, a 12-year-old phenom out there right now, and like he's gonna be in the NHL in six years, he needs to average 45 a year for 20 years. Right. And a lot of things have to go Right. Yeah. For it to, to even be close. Right. Which Is why Ovie now, my dad doesn't like Ovie. Like, I, I don't really know why. Like, he, like he, he, he cheats all cheats defensively. Like I don't, you know how, you know how dad's just Pick guys? The eight dad? Yeah. He Cherry picker. Yeah. Like Yeah. It's like, I'm like, dad, he plays so physical, like Yeah.


He could occasionally cheats offensively. And if you score that much, it's like Coach is like, we gotta deal with it. He's been running guys for 20 years. Right. Yeah. Right. You know, like it's one thing if he was perimeter and never hit. It's like, I don't know how he wasn't injured. And I love that he like, it's not like a Tom Brady or like a LeBron where they're, they're saying, you know, there's an article every summer. It's like they put $10 million into their body and the trainer. No, he looks horrible. He's just fucking gas and beers like two minutes after. Have you seen, there was a clip years ago. He's playing like beach volleyball that, and he's playing in a, a Russian like soccer league. Yeah. And he just looked like a tank out there. Yeah. Did you see the, I'm sure PFT you saw like the April 6th the day he broke it, like all the other April.


Yeah. Like it's just wild. Yeah. It was just crazy stuff that very cool the way it all came down. And, and then I kind of wanted him to get the hat trick at home, but then it was almost better that like he was in this away building in Long Island. It was half caps fans and the tickets were going for a thousand bucks. Nobody would pay to watch the Islanders. Right. And he does it there just the coolest, the coolest story of the season. And we've had a bunch of 'em. Now The islanders are charging, I think 50 bucks to print out the physical ticket from that game if you went to that game. Isn't that Wild? To what do mean about like 20 years ago? You have to Pay them 50 extra dollars to print out a ticket. Oh, everyone had it on their phone. Yeah. Like the ticket stuff that you can like frame. Yeah. 'cause you can't get an actual ticket Anywhere. It's, I actually missed that.


I would frame my phone's digital picture before I paid the Islanders 50 bucks to get A pair of QR code tickets sent to me. Q Code. I was there. Oh my God. Do we wanna talk about what happened with the Bruins this year? Yeah, I don't mind. I'm not a Bruins fan. And Don Sweeney had kind of come at us. I think we had talked about it when biz and I were in here recently. Yeah. Nobody saw this coming. I mean, I don't, I didn't expect him to be that good. Actually, the coolest story of the Bruin season is Postoc. He has a hundred points. The next guy has 55 points. That's crazy. It's actually one of the, he should be like probably top five in MVP for what he's done because he has nobody. And yeah, it all ended so quick and you know, they, they, they kind of low-balled Brad Marshan, which I get.


And you know, Boston people are like, well that's what Belichick did. You, you depreciating assets. It's like, well the Patriots were winning every year. The Bruins won, won Cup since 1972. Right. It's, it's kind of like, I understand. And, and their ticket prices keep rising. And now for the Bruins fans, it's kind of an ugly, ugly future. Like they don't, in the trades they made with Coyle and they tr traded Trent Frederick, they got a really high scoring kid that's in the USHL now and could end up being a pretty good NH lr. But other than that, like, it's not like Chicago. They got some big time prospects Coming. Yeah. The defense is looking Good. San Jose, like they got some studs where Boston and They're gonna be top of the draft and they get another one.


Yeah. Right Now Boston, they actually somehow it worked out in their favor where when they traded Marsha and Coyle and Frederick and all these guys, they truly tanked the correct way. Where I think that right now they'd get the fourth overall pick. Oh wow. So that's actually like probably what they need. It just, it's probably gonna be three years of them picking pretty high. And Bruins fans are not used to that. I mean, as much as I chirped them for getting the one cup since 72, it's, they've been to like two other finals and every year since about 2008, they were a, they were a contender. So they had a good run. Is there, is there a guy in this draft or the next couple of drafts that everyone's got like pegged as the Next next draft?


Next draft is who This draft upcoming? It, it seems there's a defenseman, this kid, Matthew Schafer very highly rated. He's been injured all year, but apparently just a complete stud. There's a kid, James Haggins that played at Boston College this year. But it's one of those prospects coming up the year after that in every sport you hear about like, wait till he's drafted. It's a kid. Gavin McKenna. Good hockey name. Great hockey name, ironically Connor Beard's cousin. Oh, okay. Not through blood, I believe through marriage. Okay. Which kind of matters to me a little bit. 'cause if it was through blood, I'd be like, what the fuck? Yeah. Yeah. These freaks. Yeah. Yeah. Like what, who are these parents? But he is what looks to be one of those McDavid type prospects.


He had I think the record for, for points in the WHL or maybe the CHL draft plus one a year where he is two years away. I think it had five points a game in the first round of the playoffs. Like, you know, a true possibly game breaking, you know, generational talent that now next year, whoever gets first overall will get. Wow. Okay. What's His game like? Just a playmaking like fast scoring center. Just like it sounds like McDavid, which I, I kind of hate doing because Bedard got unfairly ranked that way, which his numbers are so incredible. But the expectations of Bedard were a little unfair.


And maybe this is now happening to this kid and you know, you end up blaming people like me who are talking about 16 year olds, like they're gonna change the game. But from everything I've heard this, this kid's the real deal. And now what's interesting is you used to have to, if you played in the CHL in the Ontario, Quebec or Western League, you couldn't go to college. They changed the rule. You could now play NCAA after you played junior. Oh, it's really gonna screw over American kids. And I didn't think of that and had people reaching out when I was like, this is a good thing. It's gonna make college hockey so good. Which it will. But American kids are gonna get shafted scholarship wise because now you're getting the best Canadian kids and They can't go and play in the Canadian league. You can. Oh, you can, you can. But a Lot of them won't. Yeah, yeah.


I mean, well now kids might, because then you can go to college and before you wouldn't go because you couldn't go to college. But what happens is that now the best Canadian kids will play in those leagues at 17 and 18, and then they'll go to college and then they'll get a payday to go to college. Right. NIL So a lot of American kids are probably gonna lose scholarships to some great Canadian players that couldn't otherwise come years before. Hmm. Ah, so people are saying now, Gavin McKenna, like you, you, you can't go back to junior. Like you just made the biggest mockery of it. Go to Michigan. Right. Go To Michigan. Is that what he is doing? No. Like people are kind of saying it's a rumor. Right. But that's a thing as a, as a BU hockey fan, which they're in the frozen four this afternoon or this evening. We don't have a football program.


Every big 10 school your guys at Wisconsin can turn really back into powerhouse because they're gonna have huge dough. I heard a rumor that Michigan has 700 grand a year to give to hockey players. I mean, I, Dave, Dave having Larry Ellison like just fall into his lap and being like paying for quarterbacks. And he was like, well, Larry Ellison isn't gonna pay pay for basketball or hockey. And I was like, but Dave, if Larry Ellison is paying for a football, that's just more money you could spread to other places. And, and La Larry Ellison or May maybe he would be so specific with his money, like, this is going to football, but Yeah. But that means More money. He Yeah. He just might give him 10 million and then the the, they decide. So What they're gonna do is they're gonna change it so that that schools can pay directly to players.


So it's every I've Heard gonna, they're become employees. Yeah. They're gonna get like $20 million. NIL still will exist. But my point to like for, to have a Larry Ellison, he's gonna still go get the number one football recruit and you don't have to dip into your 20 million and you can use 700,000 for hockey. Exactly. Yeah. So it's almost like I don't under, it's, it's, it's, I I actually love the fact that college kids are getting paid 'cause forever. It's like they're bringing in so much money to the school. I get it. But my problem is the transfer portal and in all these sports and, and now I'm more specific to hockey, but like give 'em one transfer. No doubt. You know, freshman year you don't love the situation, but you can't be transferring every year.


Right. I think it's ridiculous. I think being a coach of a college team now is harder than a pro because not only are you recruiting, you're also like, oh, I gotta figure out a way to keep guys. Yeah's free agency every year. It's free Agency every year. And it's, it's just kind of, I don't know, for hockey, at least me, it's like, and the other thing, at least hockey wise, like you find out who's on the portal list, like before the ncaa. So then it's like, well I don't wanna play this kid. He's leaving. Yeah, no, that's the same as basketball. Basketball Too Football. Yeah. No, there was some Coaches find out. Yeah. A Penn State. Yeah. The Penn State backup quarterback went into the portal before Penn State played in the college football playoff. It was a kid who actually played in games. Like he had a package for him, Bo Pula.


And then they didn't play him, I'm guessing. No, he Wa he left, he just left the school. Oh, wow. Yeah. With them going to compete for a Yeah. It's just, it sucks. It's Stupid. It's just, it's just, and I, and I love how guys are getting paid, but it's just, it's kind of just too crazy for me. Yeah. Maybe I sound like a boomer. No, no, I get it. But also in, in that case with the quarterback at Penn State, it's the system. So it was, yeah. It's not his fault. The calendar was set up where he had Yeah, you're right. He had to go in the portal right before the playoffs started because that's when teams make moves in the portal. Yeah. So he has to put his name in there and then it fucks up his team. It's bad. It's just bad all around. Like why would they not make that list go public after the bowls Because of the semesters in colleges. Right. Stupid. Which is so legit.


So gonna school. Exactly. Yeah. The fact that they are like, oh, we can't enroll someone on January like 25th as opposed to January 15th. Gimme a fucking break. What was the Cardell Jones quote? I'm not here. You didn't come here to play school. Yeah. You didn't come here to play School. I mean, the fact that I don't think he was kidding. Makes it even funnier. Oh's. He dead serious. I didn't come here to play school. Alright. I got one last You, How many classes did you go to? I, I actually, I never was like ineligible. Yeah, But you Were But the problem was I left after my junior year and then, you know, like my wife now is like, oh, you just have a year left. You, you gotta go back and graduate. I'm like, no, I'm, I'm through sophomore year. Oh My God. Oh, oh. Only sophomore year. Yeah. So I Was, Imagine the content I know Goes back to School hard.


Like school's Hard. Yeah. I mean, you said that I, it was like a year ago you wrote your first blog and you said afterwards you're like, I got a headache. It's hard. Or like studying. Like I don't know if I could do that, but it would, I I I, I feel bad. I promised my parents when I left school, they've said, promise me you'll go back and graduate. And my wife's brought it up and I'm like, oh my God. Like I want to do it like deep down, but I'm like, I don't think I got it. It would be incredible content. You it. Yeah. We'll no, you don't got it. No, I don't. We just got it. It, so that was the other problem was that I was, I was in College of Arts and Sciences. I was a sociology major. Like one of those like, Hey, what's the easiest major? But at bu in that school you had to pass Spanish four. Oh. Oh, that's hard.


Yeah. Yeah. And I, I, I failed. I failed. You could probably speak English. I dropped Spanish two, three different times. I'm like, how am I gonna get through four? Right. I couldn't even make it through two. You. Well let's start with English One and also Yeah. Also like, come on, like you're telling me to get a degree. You have to pass Spanish for so dumb. That's doing nothing for you. So dumb. I Did you graduate on time? Yeah, I did but I, I I, I did well in college but like I think about taking tests and I, there's no way my brain has that ability anymore. You know what I mean? Yeah. To sit there for two hours. Right. And Like, like remember that kind of focus in reading. You just lose it. You just don't even have It anymore. Max did you graduate? I did, but we are way graduated from Villanova grade school.


Wow. Yeah. Yep. Max's a smart guy. I, but I am talking to Hank back here about getting him back into school. Oh, You Never wanna do it together? Fuck no. I'd have to go for like Three. I'd have to go for three and a half years. I thought he was gonna be like, fuck yeah. With my boy win. Yeah. But I know me too. Someday you're gonna have kids. And then like my kids, I know where my dad Did you ever graduate college? Like I gotta do it. You do too. I don't think Still you. Yeah. Of 2013. Still you, but hold on. No, no, it's Off Tape. Timeout two. There's, this is a little different like when Hank has kids someday and they say, dad, did you ever graduate college? He's like, no. That's one thing when your kids say, dad, did you ever graduate college?


You say No, I went to the league. That's pretty fucking cool. No, I know, I know. It's way cooler than I went to Barstool UI went, I went and got duct tape to a wall and built messages. I made up a lie that I know how to edit videos and I really rock through that school of hard knocks. Well it was actually it was Boston University credited school. So we're kind of All alone. So let's go back together. Okay. The other cool thing about BU is that, so I was given a full scholarship that still to this day is honored. Really? Oh. So if you wanna go back to school Free. So I went back. It's free too. Which makes it, you gotta, I know, I know. You can find a couple classes maybe play club hockey there. I I, I do not think I could make the team.


So did you guys know about like club hockey and like what it's turned into Heidelberg. It's Club hockey champ. More enormous. Yeah, I'm talking Georgia just built a ring. Well Penn State. It wasn't Penn State. Penn State's in the fi the frozen four which taping right before. But they were a club hockey team. What, six years ago? No, I think, I think they've been D one like I think like over 10 years. Oh Okay. But it was But but like it started that UNLV club team beat Denver this year. Yeah. Most of these schools, like I'm talking Georgia, Tennessee, UNLV, they have three teams. They have 120 kids come to tryouts and then it's competitive to now it's gone to the point where hockey players that are leaving high school, no matter what, unless you are one of these, you know, possibly NHL future studs, you have to play junior for two if not three years to play D three hockey D three, you gotta go play junior for two years.


Really? Yeah. Crazy. So now what it's turning into is like kids like I don't really wanna go play in the North American League or the beat British Columbia Hockey League be a 21-year-old freshman. I'm gonna go play club hockey. And it's turned into something where, I mean there are 5,000 people watching Georgia Club hockey. Do you think we will get the students, students don't know. Yeah. Do you think we'll get a club hockey to NHL guy at some point that because that would be the mo that's the story that would then put on Another map. That is the next Step. Yeah. What what it would be is what it would be as a club hockey kid takes the step to a varsity team. Yeah. You know what I mean? It wouldn't be like a pro deal out of club hockey. What about a guy that like gets kicked off of his varsity team has some issues.


He's like, fuck it, I'll just play club. He was already a guy that they had their eyes on and then he goes to the league. Possibly. Possibly that. That's a great Yeah. Like 'cause because you know, if we're talking about Ovie breaking records and his record be broken, there's gonna be some club hockey player. It's gonna be that plays in the NHL. Yeah. And some kid who was, you know, decent in high school but then maybe got bigger or stronger or faster played club hockey and everyone's like, holy shit. Yeah. Who is this kid? A guy I know at home, his son was, you know, a good high school hockey player and but didn't want to do the grind of junior hockey and, and so he went out and they visited Oklahoma State and there was a 500 person line to get out into the arena three hours before the game.


That's incredible. It's like, that is so sick because not only is it you get to enjoy college a little more 'cause it's not like that serious. It's still serious. Right. How as That sounds There's still people watching. Yeah. Still people Watching fucking and you still have your teammates and, and I think, like I've talked to some club, the, the Georgia club hockey team. I ran into it my brother's bachelor party, which was at a Georgia game and they were like, the girls think we're like, fucking be you. Like they don't know. Like there's 4,000 people at the game. Like these girls are like, these guys are pro Occu players. Yeah. That's awesome. It's like, has there ever been an emergency backup goalie that got a contract? No. No. Because it's always like, I mean that's an all time leaf thing right there.


They're backup goalie beat them. Yeah. I mean they're, they're they, I'm sorry. Their Zamboni driver beat them. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. For the hurricanes. Oh my God. But no, the, yeah, the third string goalie thing is still a funny story. It's, there's a lot of people who want it banned where you're allowed. Why? I know. It's The coolest Thing. It's a story. It happens once a year maybe and it's for that week you get to talk about it And it can only happen in hockey. Exactly. 'cause you couldn't have it in like the NBA where Exactly. Where it's like, oh yeah, we got a backup. You know, guy who's gotta go in and run around with these. We got these guys. You get like hockey's 'cause it's goalie is the only thing that you could possibly do it in. Yeah. Alright, I got one last question.


Rollback question. RHOI love it. C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take


always great having wit on. Go tune into Spit and Chiclets all throughout the playoffs. Yes, please, please. They do live streams as well. We might have to get our boy oldie on one of the live streams. I know. Maybe get him just for a Period how it's giving you oldie. Dude, he's the Best. He's my favorite guy. And it was funny because when you came out with the video or whatever it was, we need a Canadian Keith sent us right away to the Chile chat. He is like, I have the perfect human being for them. Yeah. And then it was exactly how he described it. Do You know he texted me like maybe like probably once every like three days, just like a morning, like pumping me up text And he's on a garbage truck. Yeah. Yeah. Like he, like yesterday when we started the mini golf, he's like, you got this like, you're a champion.


I was like, no I'm not. No I'm not. I also love the fact and, and I, I don't know Rick Nash super well, but like, you know, friendly with him and he's so quiet and calm and they're best friends. Yeah. I'm like, dude, this how, like, how are you two best friends? He was FaceTiming with, with Nash when he did the first stream with us, like in, in between periods. And I, and he was like, say hi to Nash. And so I, I started talking to him and Nash said that he had more texts that night than the night that he won the gold medal. He was like, this is fucking crazy. Oh, everyone knows Oldie Y said, what did he, oh, he doesn't, Jan doesn't have Twitter. And I'm like, dude, oldie like gets numbers on. Yeah. He was like, what do you mean?


I'm like, dude, he has like over a thousand likes on it. He does. He goes, he is Electric. Yeah, I know. We're signing him. Are you? Yeah. I love it. That's awesome. I mean, he's not gonna move here. He's gonna get paid to, to do stuff and then come here every now and then. Yeah. 'cause like I don't want him to just do it for free. So it's like Yeah, we're signing him that, that's awesome. And he's the exact same way when he's not here. Like when he he's texting us. He's the same dude. Well, there's No act. There's no act at all. No. He's just high energy. Have You, did you know about his pouch before he came on With us? No. I, I think I sent you you saw the pouch Though, right? Yes. I only knew about like Keith meeting him with, he was dancing in front of the Rangers when his son was due or his daughter was. Yeah. That day he's gotta go, Hey, gotta go, gotta go. What are you gonna say Max? So he stayed up for Hank and I's Baral after dark the other night?


Yes. 4:00 AM we finished and then he tweeted something three hours later from the job site. He's just Built on editing, Like Yeah. What an animal. Yeah. Like he was Like paying, paying to have his like super chats read aloud. Yeah. Chew, hype up. Me and Hank when we were just like oldie you can just text like, we have your number. Yeah. You don't Have to pay for this. And like oldie like your work, you, you're on the truck in like two hours. Go to bed. Yeah, no, he's built different. Is that What he just Yeah, he's, he's just like, he's kind of just like natural cocaine. Was He booing at the game or at the stream of the Four Nation? No, No. He that, that's just No, he also said, he's like I'll, he's like, I've never tried cocaine. I know that I'd run through like walls if I did it. And I was like, yeah, you're probably right.


Oldie. That's smart. Bad idea. Or he'd just like fall asleep. Yeah. Reverse man. Alright. My last question though is Masters. Do you have one or two golfers that you root for like that are your guys? Yeah, I root for Ludwig. Okay. Ever since he's come on the scene, he's just kind of like, I don't know, like perfect golf swing and I like him a lot. And then I've been so back and forth with Rory, which I feel like a lot of golf fans have been based on. Like, he's made comments that are like just kind of a clown comment, but then he comes out and like changes his tune. It's all live related. But as much as I sometimes say like, oh fuck Rory, if he had a one shot lead on the 18th tee, like, I know I'd be rooting for him.


You'd be rooting for him. Even if he was playing with Ludwig. Like for some reason. And I think part of it is like the history thing with Ovie. Like I think five guys have won the Grand Slam in golf. Like, I'd like to be able to say I watched that. Yeah. And, and, and I don't know, I think Rory just, He's hot right now. He's, he's 300 through nine. It's nice. Yeah. And, and he just, I don't know. It's like crazy. So do you know that when Tiger won the US open on the broken leg and then he didn't win another major after his life fell apart till the masters in 19, Rory is at the same length of time between a major. No way. That's crazy. That's crazy. The Tiger layoff felt a lot longer And Rory's been healthy the whole time and his wife didn't catch him cheating and beat him with a nine iron. Like, right. It's true. It's almost like there was like excuses with Tiger.


Yeah. And it's so to see if Rory could like do it again, it'd be a pretty amazing just sports story. But It's also really funny when he loses. Yeah. 'cause he phone And he's like, oh, But if he blows it, you're like, this guy can't do it anymore. I, I think I would if he were, if he were like on the 18th, like about to, to put it in to win, I'd be like, that's pretty cool. But if there was any chance that he could blow it, I think I'd still be root. It's like you root what you root against him, but then when he does it, it's like, yeah, what a tremendous story. Right. If he had a five footer Sunday to win it, are you? And if he misses it, he loses it. I think I'd refer it to well, which I guess doesn't make sense. 'cause if he made it. Yeah. Or like what? Yeah. If he had a fight to win or he goes to the playoff, You're rooting for the playoffs.


I Would be rooting for the playoffs. So you don't like him? Yeah. You don't like him? I guess I don't, you Don't, you don't like him? I Don't have any reason not to like him. It's more just his react. Like the driving off and stuff. Like the speed. See, I don't hate the driving off. I didn't, I don't have any problem with it. It's that I want more of it. Like I want him to lose so I get to keep seeing it. Is that fucked up? That's so fucked Up. The best part was the golf rider that were like, he sped off and he like, oh, those are losers. He spun out. Like they get upset about like, we're not upset about We think that it's, it's funny, it's funny, it's funny fact the golf writers are getting upset about it. Yeah. So we want more content like that. Yeah. We had his back in that whole situation. But I, I would love to to just replaying it. Yeah. We just keep speeding Off. I know, I know. And then for some reason, like I've actually chirped Bryon de Shambo before on Chicklets, but like he's now I find myself Rooting for him too.


He, I mean, YouTube just like changed his whole, whole Like career path. I think that it's, it's been said at least like a, he legit hired a PR firm. Yeah, absolutely. Which is so to me, like, you know, like to to to be such a dickhead that you have to like, hire someone and be like, make me not a dickhead Like that. Me Yeah. But Make people like me, Like become A Weirdo or you afraid how can I Six weeks to, to make me not a dickhead people. Yeah. Then, you know, like, oh, they like me now, but like, I, I didn't know what to do to make them like you had to pay somebody. Yeah. You gotta keep paying them in case. 'cause if you get rid of 'em, then what happens if you slip up and you're dick? It's a rich kid at school. Like paying kids to hang Out with him, friends with him. Yeah.


I do have one last hockey question for you. Okay. Do you, you don't have an MVP vote, right? I, last year I, I had a vote. Do you have one this year? He has not asked me again, but he didn't ask me last year until like two days before the regular season ended. So I might, who Should the MVP should have been for this year? I'm an Oilers guy and Leon Dry Seidel has just to me been the best player in the league. The most valuable player of the Oilers mc David's had this great year still, but not McDavid. And then he's leading the league in goals by a lot. You know, they recently had an enormous game against Calgary. McDavid is out, he'd been out injured. He comes back two goals in an assist including the Gametime game winning goal. It's like he's just, to me, the the best player.


But recently Coff is now I grew, I voted for Cout Trav last year instead of McKinnon. McKinnon won because Cout Trav last year became the fourth winger, I think ever to have a hundred assists or fourth player ever to have a hundred assists. And then McDavid did it like a week later. Yeah. But I was like, CVS just so dominating and now it's like, you really can argue for McKinnon, KU and dry seidel. It's, it there, there's a right answer there on all of Them. Right. But Mom, Leon, My vote would be McDavid. I'm just a big McDavid fan. I guess. I assume, I guess you're not as Big League. He's the mvp. He's Guys have always torture. I I've been told he's the best hockey player in the history of the game of all time. But he's not even the MVP for this year. I, I On his team I was That's crazy.


Was at game seven. Wait, that's crazy. I was at game seven who won the Panthers. Oh. And I was sitting there and all I was thinking about was YouTube. I literally, as the fucking national anthem was playing, I was like, those assholes, I'm gonna have a tweet, I'm gonna Have A video. And I already knew he had the con smy wrapped up and I was like, they have nothing on me anymore. Yeah, You And We just went through this whole episode and you said nothing till the very end. I, you know what's fucked Up though guys? You guys are the biggest losers. It's kind of like the Rory thing where it's, you won the exhibition. I love watching Conor McDavid play hockey. But because of you, I have to be like, he's choke an asshole. You could be Watching history. Yeah. And instead you're like, Yeah, the Catching Rock fall, you get stuck.


This happens with friends. You get stuck in an argument and you're just like, I got my side. You got yours. You Forced me based on how you've handled this McDavid situation to hope that the Bears and Ga Williams, I didn't care about The Bears and now I Hate Them. That's true. Friendship. So, and now it's Like an odds Fucking asshole. I can't even say Con McDavid. Iss good. McDavid is So I told you, you don't think he's good. He's the second most valuable player on his own team. Yeah. And he's, you know, he's almost won cut. Not Gretzky. Gretzky didn't win the m MVP every year. Yeah. I, I haven't voted, voted for Him Every year. Per year. Gretzky won a cup, right? Gretzky won four. Oh. But Mcda McDavid doesn't have One yet. He won the, he won the exhibition.


He Gets the Get it done this year either. It doesn't look like this is the year. Oh, alright. So Stanley Cup finals prediction teams and winner Colorado. Toronto. Colorado beats him. That's some sick stuff. It'd be an awesome series. Yeah. And, and that's if only I'm saying that is if Florida and Tampa play in the first round, because I don't think Toronto could beat one of those teams unless that they kick the shit out of each other first. Okay. That's interesting. 'cause I just, So I'm, I have a bunch of like side notes here. Got it. Because I just looked up Leafs first caps this year. Leaves won one game.


Lost two against the caps this Year. I know. I up all, I think that's Interesting. You know what? When the caps win it all, you can just call me and be like, follow me on Twitter bitch. No, I I I just see Ryan Whitney has refollowed me on Twitter. There we go. And you are now blocked. I never Ever purposely On false. I know. Florida. Florida, Toronto. Classic. North South Battle. Yeah. Civil War. Yeah. Love it. Oh no. Colorado, Florida, Toronto, Colorado. Toronto and Colorado. Sorry. Yeah. Two southern teams with biz. Oh. Alright. Thanks Whit. Thanks Guys.


Ryan Whitney is brought to you by truly unruly Lemonade. Truly unruly Lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. Level up your lemonade. 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious. I'm gonna say that again. It's 8% A BV. These things are not joking around. And they're delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors. The bump, the bump in blue Ra is my personal favorite. They have the OG original Limi Lemonade, then they've got the punched up pineapple and the wild pink. Try that bump in blue Ra. It's delicious. It's the official hard seltzer part of my take. Find truly unruly lemonade at a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


Alright, let's wrap up with some Fyre Fest Of The Week. Hank Fire Fest of the Week. N nothing crazy this week. No Real fire fest. The masters is on playing golf this weekend. My only real, like fire fest in quotes would just be the, the, we had mini golf tournament here this week and just, you know, getting screamed at by Everybody hates you. Everybody hating me, my boss, you know, telling me to suck my coworkers cock. Like, but that's kind of fun. I don't, I don't Did you do that? I did not. Okay. That's Good leadership. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean, you are the, whether you wanna be or not, you are always at the center of this because you are the, you were in charge of mini golf. It's kind of like your thing.


Mini golf. You Looked like you were in a bad, bad way yesterday though. And actually I didn't, wait, wait a second. Did you, did you say that Kirk Han was your boss? No, Dave. Dave told Hank to suck Kirk's Dick. Got it. Okay. Got it. Yeah. Yeah. You, you predicted it. I mean, it was a match between me, Kirk, Whitney, and Dave. And you're like, I was like, how are you feeling about mini golf? And you just said point blank, I'm dreading your match because you four are the worst. And I was like, I don't really disagree. So Yeah. And then it happened, but you handled it well. Yeah, I thought it, I thought it all worked out. I mean, Dave hit the worst part of all time, but it, it, that's what I'm saying, it, it's, I think some people kind of similar to the Max and me thing in, in this show.


The show has probably prepared me for being in nonstop arguments all the time. But yeah, it seems like it's contentious, but it's not, it doesn't feel that contentious No. In the, It's just guys yelling at each other Right In the moment though. You, you felt, but I was like yelling in Dave's face at one point. Yeah. But I didn't, I didn't really, there's A lot of like, I'm, I'm gonna walk off. I quit and, and it never happens. We just keep playing. Yeah. I felt bad for you in the moment because you looked like you were going through. Well everyone's like, everyone wants me to pull out a magical rule book that doesn't exist. Right. And half the people are gonna hate you. Actually, everyone's gonna hate you no matter what. Yeah. It's all right. It is. Also, whenever we do any, Well we'll see. We haven't done the final. Yeah. Yeah. This might be speaking way too Soon. Whenever we do any bar stool competition of any kind, you could spend a year, let's say a year going through all the plans, the preparations, the rules, everything.


Within one hour, one of us will find a loophole and be like, this is bullshit. It's just, it's, it's impossible. Like you could have gene territory creating airtight rules and we'll find a scenario where there isn't actually a definition for the rule. And now we can figure out a way to try to, you know, capitalize Nothing. The rule books is a dog can't play basketball. Yeah, Yeah. It's mini golf. But then people will be like, well, USGA like 10.1. Well, it's mini golf. Right, Right. But it's fun. Fun week. Yeah. It's been fun. It's been great. Great content, great Vibes. Yeah. PFTI Was at the gym this morning. This happened like two hours ago, two and a half hours ago. And after the gym, I'm gonna come into work. So what do you do after you work out and you sweat for a little bit?


You go into the locker room and you take a shower. Right. I'm just making sure I'm not crazy. Yeah, no, that's, that's Absolutely what you do. That's what you do. Not always, but most times We will get Joey swollen the case. Ask him. But I'm pretty sure you're supposed to shower before you put your clothes on and go back to work For sure. Right. So I, I go in the locker room, I've got my towel, I'm at my locker. There's two other people in the locker room. One guy is about, I'd say 25, 30 feet away to, from me to my right. The other guy's behind me, maybe like, I don't know, six or seven feet behind me. He's got headphones on, the other guy doesn't. So I come in, take my clothes off, and when I take my clothes off and change in the gym, I am, I'm locked in straight ahead.


I'm not one, I'm not a guy that wanders. I don't put my leg up or anything. Close off towel on question. Yep. You are. When you close off, are you doing like the towel on and then taking off your boxers? Are you nude at any point? Yeah. You take your boxers off and then you put the towel on. Right. I didn't know. Some people you can, you can wrap the towel around and then you just slip off your boxers, but Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm not. So there's a moment where you're nude, where it's like you're facing your locker. Yeah. Maybe a little your ass is showing. Then you put the towel on, then you go. Exactly. I'm not, I'm not facing all, all checks. I'm not, I'm not turned around facing the center of the locker room. Yeah. I'm, I always face, because You know, old guys, old guys don't give a to just, they, they'll put the towel over their shoulder. Yeah. Just so that they can flop their balls in your Face.


They'll have a conversation with you. Right. They'll go up to the, the hair dryer, put their leg on the counter and blow dry their balls. Yeah, I've seen that. Yep. So close off towel on. Then I hear this guy about 25 feet away from me. He's the guy to my right. And he starts yelling and he's like, bro, what the fuck are you doing? And I'm just like, straight ahead. I'm like, he's not talking to me. I'm just minding my own business, getting ready to change or getting ready to shower, bro. What the fuck are you doing? What the fuck is this gay shit, bro, you gonna shower? What the fuck? Put your clothes back on. This is some gay shit. And then after like, I don't know, five seconds, 10 seconds of him yelling, I finally look up, I'm like, is he yelling at me?


And he's staring at me. And this dude is fucking pissed off. Like, what? Huge scowl on his face. He looks like he's about to come kick my ass. Jacked. No, he is like a, a medium sized guy, But he, you, you would've gotten your ass kicked just because you I was naked. Yeah, you're naked or you immediately lose footing. Or if you're naked, A good strategy in this situation might be just like, take the towel off. Yeah. 'cause nobody wants to fight a naked guy. Right. So the guy's just yelling at me. I'm looking around like, is this me the other guy who's there? I looked at him like, is this really happening? He's got his headphones on. He has no idea any of this is happening. So the guy starts to walk towards me. He's like, take that fucking gay shit outta here that's gay as shit, bro. And he just walks out.


But he looks like he's like stewing. He's like shaking. He's so mad. Whoa. So then he walks out and then I'm thinking to myself, like, is this guy gonna wait for me out in the gym? Are you still naked? And kick my ass. Did you cover up? I had a towel on. Okay. Yeah. Good towel on. Like, my ass wasn't out. But he was mad at me that I, I took my clothes off to shower after the gym. When you for a second in that situation, I'm like, am I doing something wrong? Yeah. That's crazy. I I I, this is when I, I wish we could like scour all the little podcasts out there and find the, this guy telling the other side of the story. He was like, this dude was just fucking balls out in my face. No, he was, he was honestly 25 feet away from me. No, that's crazy. And then, and so then how old was he?


I, I'm gonna guess like mid twenties. Oh, what the fuck? So I think he's Going through some stuff. So I, I had a couple theories on this guy. One, he's probably gay. Maybe he's probably very, very closeted because again, we're 25 feet away. I'm minding my own business. This guy had to actively look at me Right. While I was changing to get pissed off. Right. He could, if he didn't wanna see anything, he could've gone like this. Right. And turned his head five degrees. So then, then I got all in my head because I thought, am I doing something wrong? And then I thought, if this guy comes back in here and kicks my ass, then he's going to like, and gets caught. Then he will file a police report being like, this fucking gay guy in the locker room was trying to come on to me.


And I'm, I'm like going through all these weird scenarios in this guy's mind. Right. But it was, it was weird. When I went out to the parking lot, I was like looking around for him. I was like, is this guy waiting to kick my ass in the parking lot? That's Crazy. So Yeah, I was, I I really do. I love Joey Sw love his content. He's the best. Joey, I need you to weigh in on this. Am I outta line? Should, should. Is it gay as shit to shower after you work out? Wow. That's insane. Bizarre. Very Bizarre. Very strange. So I thought very bizarre. I thought one, either this guy is like very repressed in homosexuality. Was I looking good? Yeah, I was just saying like, was that looking right? It's kind of like your fault for being so hot. Well that after about like 30 minutes I thought about, I was like, that man, that guy wanted to fuck me.


That's, I guess that's, that's better than him not wanting you to fuck me. Yeah. And then I got to the office, I told Mook about it 'cause I was like a little shaken up. He was like, well were you, were you hanging dong? And I was like, none man. I had workout dick. I had like a very bad dick at Point. Right, Right. So I don't, I don't know what this guy was going through, but kind of, it shook me up a little bit this morning. I was like, I rightfully so did I, did I, am I wrong to shower after using the gym? That's insane. Now it's got, now I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be scared to shower next time. Yeah. Wow. Does He look like a guy that's never played a sport in his life? No. He is, he was relatively athletic because that's Where it's like, how can you get to that age Right. And experience a locker room.


Like imagine if you're on a team when there's 20 dudes doing the same thing. Right. He would flip out a super guy. Yeah. Yeah. It Is the gay thing. You what the hell? Hell Is going on here. Gay thing you can do is play sports. I just never seen anyone else in the locker room. Yeah. I think that's the first time that guy's ever been to a gym. Yeah. Like, Or a locker room period. Yeah. He looked like he was in decent shape though. That's that because I thought about that Max. Like maybe this's a different environment for him, but I That's wild. I don't Know. Yeah. That is wild. Maybe. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. It's a, it's a bizarre, bizarre, bizarre thing. Yeah. I I'm, I think your ass just looked really Good. I think it did. I thinks I was doing, that's really the only thing that makes sense. I was squatting heavy this morning. Ah. So I, I might've been as Hank would say, looking right.


Yeah, You were looking right. Alright. My fire fest. I've already talked about a couple of 'em, but I, when I were in San Antonio, I, for the first time ever, I got heat induced vomit. Which that was crazy. I just, we did a live show and I puked right after just because it was too hot. And then I was fine. But that had never happened to me in my life. And then also I took a shit in a bathroom, a women's bathroom in a hotel lobby for 15 minutes while watching the Cubs game. That was also a mistake. Oh. That was an on accident. I was watch, I was locked in on the Cubs game. I was waiting for my hotel room. I had to take a shit. So I was, had my head down looking, watching the Cubs game. And I just walked to the bathroom and I didn't look up. And then I took a shit and I was in the stall for 15 minutes, got out of the stall and was like, there's no urinals in here.


And then realized I had just been in the women's bathroom for 15 minutes. But It wasn't like a creed bratten moment where you're like, no, this is the one weird thing I do. I do That here at this office. At this office. I use the women's bathroom here at this office. Were were there any other women in there at the time? I don't know. I had my headphones in 'cause I was listening to the game while I was watching it. But 15 minutes is a pretty long time. So I would imagine probably I did not see But when you came out, yeah. Yeah. You, you're fine then. That never happened. Yeah, That never happened. I imagine if there was a woman in there at the same time and they were like going pee, they would know the sound. They'd be like, that is a man sha Yeah. That's a man. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, those, those two things happened. And then my, my real fire fest is just mini golf. Hank thinks that it's, you know, he's, he's in torture having to deal with the rules.


I'm in torture 'cause I'm just a choke artist and I know I'm gonna choke. We're taping this before. I'm just, I did it. I hate this. Yeah, don't say that. Yeah. I hate that attitude. You, that's, that's when you start the fuck up Big Cat. We, I'm a mental like defeatist. I'm pussy. You're a defeatist. Yesterday we had an incredible comeback. I know you don't, I know. You can't, you don't do that if you're a choke artist, You have to ride off that high. It's just, I'm always like, I, I think it really comes outta the fact that I don't, well I don't really perform well under pressure in general, but also I'm, I don't golf enough. So I know mini golf is not real golf, but I don't really have like a putting routine. So I have nothing to fall back on. So the minute it goes bad, once it just stays bad.


Why Don't you just give yourself a routine? Yeah. What, what are you supposed to do for a putting routine? Take deep breaths in and out. Okay. And then step up. Give a little ass wiggle. Put the putter behind the ball. Deep breath in. Deep breath out. Putt. Alright. Jack, Jack Laus. I was watching a a, a video where he was, he was talking about like, he would feel nervous and then he would, you know, see the crowd and be like, these people are here having a great time. They're here to watch me. Like, let's give 'em something to roof on. Okay. What If we, what we People are doing? Thousands are gonna be watching you tonight. They wanna see you do well. Okay. Okay. What Do you think about line? What if we line up the line up the ball every time? I like that. You know, I need something. Max. Shout out Max. He's doing a great job as my caddy.


I just is. This isn't like a, this mini golf tournament. This has happened in every mini golf tournament that we've done where I'm, I I do Well and then as soon as it's time to make like a big put, it's like, whoa, you're a mess. So the Funniest was, was watching the highlights from yesterday and all the clips that were coming out. You could see how, how much pressure we felt in those moments. Oh. And then you look down and it's like a two foot putt on a mini golf course. It's mini golf, you guys mini golf. It was crazy Mini golf. I was watching you guys from above and I was like, I've never seen both of them. Like they like, this is a mini golf and they're both like it all Business locked in all business. Mini golf is the dumbest sport ever. And I say that I love playing it, but it's the most frustrating thing in the world because you, we take it very seriously.


If you miss a shot mini golf, it's almost always like an easy shot that everyone is watching. So not only is it a shot that everyone could say, I coulda hit that, but then you look up and it's like a big fucking, you miss a shot because there's a big fucking statue of Ryan Whitney's head next to you. Like it just, the whole thing is so silly. And then we take it seriously. So Yeah. You know what? You're right Max. I'm gonna win today. We're gonna play Well Pft and I are on the same team. Pft and I I mean that was great comeback. That was a, that was awesome. There is actually trusting each other. There's Real pressure though when you're doing alternate shot. Yeah. 'cause you don't wanna let down your team. You Don't wanna fuck your teammate over. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like I don't wanna let my boy down. But we did have an incredible comeback.


We were down three with four to play by the way. How many, I think there's just a lot of people who don't understand how like this style of play works because we were just getting accused left and right of having a crazy celebration for a tie. When you're down three with four to play and you somehow get a tie out of it. That's and It and it, you hear tie you guys got points on the board. Yeah. Which is like the team. As a result, the team is trying to get to 12 and a half points. So contributing a half point is significant. Right. And you're down three and four and you get a tie out of it. We won that tie. Correct. That that tie was a blowout. That's a choke by them. That Was a massive, yeah, that was a huge tie. Huge choke by them. Huge. Huge. Yeah. It was great.


PFTI that we shocked the world. I kept on. Yeah. That's, that's the other thing is like, we're we're playing mini golf and I just kept on muttering to PFT. Let's shock the world. The world is shocked. No one thinks you're hitting this. No Irony. No irony. Let's get crazy's shock. He told me like, Let's, yo yo let's shock for one. I I honestly think, how long did that round take? Like 40 minutes. Yeah. Like an hour. So I, I think that was probably the least funny. Me and Big Cat have been together at any point in our entire lives. No jokes. So serious. No jokes. It was the Olympics. We were just, every time good shot, locked, stay locked in. Let's shock the world. I watched it back.


I was like, you really did say let's shock the world in a mini golf match. Dead serious. Oh my God. But it's so fun. But it is really fun. 'cause it's just you. I, I think, I think the way when some people are like, you guys take this too seriously. I think that's the fun part. That's the like, if you don't care and I care if you don't care, it's not fun to watch. Yeah. You want people to want to care about it that much. To a like, sick level. Especially when it's like two days. And like, like you said, like you might not pick up a putter for a year, but then for two days it's like every putt is the most important putt of my life. Life. Yes. The, the personality that Big Cat and I showed in that is the complete and polar opposite of everything we've ever done on camera.


Ever. We literally, our entire existence is to make fun of everything and Not take things seriously. Yeah. And take everything with a grain of salt. And then we're, let's shock the world. Let's do something great. Let's do something they'll be talking about for years. You're a beast. Let's, let's write our, I I actually said to Nick, I said it to Nick who's on the call. I threw my putter after you hit a huge putt to get us down one with two to play. I threw my putter across the entire court and Nick was like, what, what just happened? I was like, I kind of blacked out. And then I was just, I just said, I'm trying to rewrite my story. Let's write our names in the history books. Trying To rewrite my Story. Also that putt that you're talking about that you just said like the huge putt.


Yeah. It was I think a, a foot and a half. I think it was a foot and a half long mini golf putt. I'm trying to rewrite the story about me as a putter. Yeah. But there's, there's tough foot, foot and a half putts in. Yeah, there are. I mean I was, I didn't get a full backswing. Yeah. Yeah. The wall was close. Oh, we're gonna win. We gotta win. Also me and Hank did a little mini tournament before and Hank absolutely Choked. Oh he did choke. Absolutely choked. He choked. Is that true? Yeah. What Were you up? We were up like three. It might have been three with four to go or something. Oh. And then, yeah. And then I just Had, me and Max had like a 10 foot straight putt that one of us had to hit. We both missed 20 times. So it's like I had every Opportunity but then, but then I hit it. Oh and he didn't.


It's fine. It was fun. He loves That. Who golf? Who out of out of you guys watching? Who do you think golfs more? Me. Hank. Well I, I thought Hank did but then I saw you putt and I was like this guy fucking golfs. Yep. Yeah. I mean just, just by watching the little that I watched of that stream, I would say Max probably golfs like six times more than Hank. I Think we actually probably have to put Max on a pip for how much he golfs. Yeah. Wrong. Hank actually golfs a lot and I never golf. That's Wild. But Max, you have a membership to a country club. That's true. No, Hank has the membership to a country club. But What you love mini golf so much that you set up this entire tournament to make the whole office play mini golf Max. No, No. Hank set up this tournament.


Oh That's crazy. That's nuts. But I won. Wait, so Hank set up the holes that you played on and you still beat him. That Is correct. Holy fuck. And he was, and he was Hank Rockwood. He was switching the rocks around to benefit him. Oh Hank Rockwood. Oh The chat was saying Hank Rockwood, they were doing a great job. That's Great. I Was chipping at one point. Alright, good show boys. They were not Happy with the chipping. They were not SVP Monday Masters Recap. Let's finish off number Shout. SV, p and Max. Yeah. Shout. SV, p and max. That Was the loudest memes has ever been on this show. He, he wants three so bad, but Sometimes you don't want 70. I'll go, I was gonna say 77.


Seven. I'll go one. When you go 67. I'll go 56 99 Po I hope Max 1521. Hey math. 77. 77. Oh Max. Yeah, me too. Not even close Beams. Love you guys.