
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today is Pardon My Take. We have our good friend Ryan Whitney on the show talking some Stanley Cup final what? A two games there have been. Friday night was incredible. We're also gonna talk a little us open with him. He played Oakmont. No big deal. We have the Thunder Pacers Game two, the Thunder are back. They are tying up the series we have Who's Back The Week. We saw some incredible tennis. Oh. And we might have a little Monday reading.


So let's do it.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA finals are here. This is your last chance to bet on the NBA until next season. And DraftKings sports booking, official sports betting partner, the NBA is pulling out all the stops to make this a finals to remember, one team will be crowned champ, and the other will be lost to history. Who you got winning at all? Put your hoops expertise to the test. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player Props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Who's going to carry their team to the chip? Try placing a bet on your personal MVP to drop 30 40 over 50. Ready to place your first bet. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and finish the season as a winner. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA this season. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio. Okay, let's go. Football guy. My take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA this season. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours.


Today is Monday, June 9th, and the Oklahoma City Thunder are back. PFT an absolute whomping in game two, which we kind of expected. So back the hungrier team is gonna probably show up for game two after the Pacers rip their heart out game one. This feels, I don't wanna say the Pacers are in trouble, but for whatever I'll say Yeah, I mean for, for whatever it's been. 94 minutes of this series have been firmly in the thunder's side and tonight they, they got their game. Listen, the Pacers have they they won one on the road.


Pacers are, are winning this series won one right now. Yeah, that's A fact. That's, but I I will say I, I do think they're probably in trouble, but the Pacers also have that ability to just make everybody look like idiots all the time. So they might go ahead and do that. I don't think we mentioned this on Friday's show because we did it right in the aftermath of the game and, and the buzzer beater. We did talk about how the p the Pacers only led for 0.3 seconds of that game. Yeah. I think that's the lowest amount of time that any winning team has ever led Yes. In the history of the playoffs. Yes. Which is so it would not surprise me if they figured out a way to do the, the rabbit outta the hat thing again. But tonight it was just, it was dominance for Lo City and it felt like there was moments where it felt like the Pacers kept on fighting back.


The difference I feel like tonight was you had not only Chet Holmgren and, and JW Chip in, but it was Alex Caro and Aaron Wiggins. That was the big thing. Aaron Wiggins felt like he hit a big three every time the Pacers were kind of creeping back. And it's crazy to say because when you watch the Indiana Pacers play basketball, when I say creeping back, I mean like cutting it to 13, when they cut it to 13, I'd, I'd sit up in my seat and be like, uhoh, here they come. Even though that's still a big lead to come overcome. If the Pacers Cut it to 13 in like the third quarter, I've just reached a point where I accept that they'll probably end up winning that game. Yeah. But yeah, the thunder, the, I I don't wanna even say role players because Chet Holmgren's, I wouldn't call him like a, a role player necessarily.


Yeah. Aaron Wiggins and Cruso come off the bench, but yeah. But Yeah, Che Caruso is, he's an elevated role player. Yeah. It's, he's like a, a featured cameo. It's been my point with the thunder all playoffs, like they're an incredible team. There are times when SGA is expected to do everything and you need those second and third guys to step up and they did tonight and then the, the, the bench stepped up as well. And SGA still had his 34 and it was like Tyrese, Halliburton, what do have, I think he had 12 points in the fourth quarter, but he had five going into the fourth quarter. And it was, it just felt like one of those a little bit passive Tyrese Halliburton games where that's the next step for him being into that next level where he doesn't have an incredible game. Followed by a game where you're like, wait, where is this guy?


He's gotta be, he's gotta be basically running the show here. So this was, it was SGA and he got his 3000th point on the season. If you include the regular season and the postseason. There's 12 guys that have ever done that. I'll just say Will Chamberlain is one of the 12. He did it five times and then everybody else on the list has done it once except for the last guy, Michael Jordan, who did it 10 times. 10 times. He did it twice as much as Wilt and Wilt did it five times as much as anybody else. That's Crazy. So who else is on the list? So we got Luca, he did it. Yep. Before he got Fat. Shout out by the way, Donny, Don Nelson. Did you see that?


Yeah. Press conference. That was great. He's like, I'm wearing my Luca. Just want to just wanna throw out there that that was a abomination of a trade. We should actually say. 'cause the Playoffs are still going on. Fuck Nico Harrison, I would like every Press conference, regardless of if it's sports, if it's politics, like just start out with your declaration on your stance on the Luca Trade. Yeah. And also like what shoes are you wearing? Yeah. Just give us that. All right. Who else? All right. So James Harden did it once. Kevin Durant did it once Kobe did it once Shaq did it once. Bob McAdoo did it once. Kareem Abdel Jabbar did it once. Rick Berry did it once. Elgin Baylor did it once. Michael Jordan did it 10 times. It's crazy. And Shaa obviously just did it once. But Michael Jordan did that shit 10 times. 10 times. And so Shay's Shay's now in the club.


This does, I max, you want to earmuff it. Although I don't even know how old you were. You're like five years old. Alright, talk about ai. Yeah. I, Yeah, I was the month video getting that Exact feeling today. That's exactly what, that's what the series could do. Watching this game, I was like, oh, this is, and I think that the Pacers are better than those Sixers six. Those Sixers were literally just Allen Iversson, but like win the game won in a heroic fashion. And then the better teams like, Hey, we're here to win the championship. Yeah. I hope I'm wrong. I hope it's a long series. Hank you think it's it's over. Yeah. Five games. You're already calling it over. I think the Pacers can win one at home. Yeah. I'm I'm not gonna sleep on the Pacers at home. I I'm not gonna Do it.


I think it's Thunders Thunder and six. I'm not gonna do it. I'm gonna say the Pacers are gonna win one at home. They're gonna win one of game three or four. And if I'm wrong, who cares? Also, Lou Dork played well tonight, By the way. Did you Great defense. Did you see your quote went viral in Pacer Twitter? Which one? That like the Pacers, if they only, if they played the only the first 45 minutes of game, they'd be a lottery team. Oh, did it? Were People mad? There was people who were getting very mad, but that's So Pacers fans are they, their defense has been up all Playoffs, which I understand. 'cause national media has not been very kind to them. They've been an afterthought and they're in the NBA finals. But I did see, it was very funny. There was a guy who had Hal Burton Photoshopped as Osama Bin Laden who came to your defense and I retweeted him.


Okay. He was like, Hey, just a heads up. The PMT guys are joking and they've actually given the pacers a lot of love in these Playoffs. Yeah. I I actually meant that as a compliment. Yeah. To the Pacers. Yeah. Like the, the fact that they're able to, I I And also if you're a Pacers fan Yeah, please, like, yeah. Roast me on it. I understand you have to like, your, your swords are out big time. Big. You're fighting everybody in the national media right now. So I will accept, I will accept the memes, I'll accept the, the shit talking. But I did mean it as a compliment. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, so the other big story. Yeah. It was this one. If NBA games were 45 minutes long, the Pacers would be a lottery team. Notice the, the retweets. Yeah. 1.9 million views. Yeah. Yeah. That's when, you know, 554 retweets.


Yeah. Th 34,000 likes. That's when, you know, like uhoh. Yeah. I'd say something's happened here. That's a pretty good ratio. I'd say like half of those retweets are probably quote tweets being like, this motherfucker doesn't watch basketball. It's very funny watching our, our, our graphics team does a great job. Memes and Shane, they do a great job putting those out there. But like when you see the numbers tick up and it gets past, like, I'd say 75 retweets, you know, that it's officially gone from like the awls retweeting it. Yeah. 'cause it was a funny thing. We broke the Containment. Everyone's just really fucking pissed at us. Oh, By the way, credit to Alex Caruso and big, big time in your face to all the haters that thought that these finals weren't gonna do numbers.


2.4 bi billion people. Watch What? Yeah. Game one, 2.4 billion people watch game one. Yeah. That's crazy. I Know. It's nuts. It's a third of the earth. I saw it online Quarter of the Earth. That's like, that's more than the World Cup. Holy shit. So, so I feel good about watching I think the NBA's back. Yeah. Yeah. The NBA's back. Speaking of the NBA being back, thank you to Adam Silver for trying. So they put in the fake Larry O'Brien, the, the graphic that was just for tv and they also did the NBA final script. YouTube TV found their way in there as well. I it's not perfect, obviously it looked a little silly, but I'm happy they tried something because it, it's a great testament to complaining enough on Twitter can solve the world's Problems.


Yeah. Bullying works. Yeah. It, it usually works. Actually, I, I didn't like I, the trophy was there, but it wasn't a good trophy. No, it It Wasn't, it was a blurry trophy. It was like a, a PlayStation two trophy. It was basically, if that was what it was, game one, I would've roasted it. The fact that they did it because we bullied, and I'm not obviously taking credit for it was the whole, it was whole, all, all the internet bullied them. I'm gonna say like, at least you tried and listened to us. And I saw Adam Silver actually had a a, a press conference where he said, we're gonna look into this and we're, we're gonna try to fix this. It's, it's, it's still insane that it took the internet bullying Adam Silver to realize, hey, your premier championship series should feel a little more special.


And maybe this is good for the league when it does feel a little more Special. We're trying to help him. Right. We're trying to help Adam Silver do a better job of doing his job. Grow the game, grow The game, make it feel important. Even if the games are blowouts, if if de Larry O'Brien trophy is on the court somewhere, then I feel like I, I owe it to the league to watch it. Yeah. And I think it's a good point that when you look back on it, if you're watching a replay of the game, that's my biggest thing. Then you have that moment where it's like, oh yeah, this wasn't just a regular season game. It's basically when you look back on it and they show like the behind the scenes and it's whatever star that's in the NBA finals coming out on the court like five hours before Yeah. Taking, taking like a thousand free throws and the NBA finals logo's there.


And then it's like, oh yeah, I feel it. I think I See it. I think sometimes leagues get too smart and they forget the fact that as sports fans, the people that watch the product we're very dumb and our brains aren't really that different from dinosaurs. So if you just show us something that we recognize, it's gonna make us feel good in that lizard part of our brain, and I'll be like, oh, this game is awesome. I'm getting goosebumps in the moment. Because it happened while there was a picture of the trophy on the court. Right. Not only that, it's just like, Hey, I wanna feel special every now and then. Yeah. Make me feel special. Make me feel like it's my birthday. It's my it's our moment too with fans. Yeah. Right. To be watching this. Like, it's sad to say, but yeah. The little things, like they matter when it comes to feeling special and, And speaking of little things that make us feel better, we gotta bang tonight it was a delayed bang.


Ah, It, A post didn't like it. It was a, it was a post bang Also, bullying works, Bullying works. Mike Breen did not bang on, on Halliburton's game winning shot on Thursday night. And so was it his first three? He should be able To do whatever he wants. Well, alright. So that's not I I that I, I I want a bang. I wanna bang. And, and the problem was, I think he should have immediately just been like, Hey, hand up. Didn't bang. Should have, should have banged. Didn't bang. Everyone was expecting me to bang, I wanted to bang. Yeah. He like, clearly you were ready to bang. I was DTB. The problem was, his initial reaction was, I saved my bangs for threes. And it's like, but that's just not true.


You've banged, you've banged plenty of twos. Yeah. I banged a lot of twos. Right. I've banged a lot of twos. Banged a lot of threes. You gotta be able to bang both. And there's not really that much of a difference. No. Bangings banging. So Mike Breen. Yeah. I wish he had just, I wish he had gone. I wish he'd just been like, hand up. Should have banged. Yeah. So I, again, I I think this Was, I got PI got pizza instead and played Xbox should have Banged. It was, it was a classic example of bullying working again. Yeah. Because he heard it from enough people. So I, I appreciate the effort that he made, but it, it was like a, you know, you ever get banged and you can tell that they didn't really want to bang, but they kind of wanted you. They're like, oh, it's, you know, a special occasion for you so we can bang real quick. Yeah.


Afterwards, like, Hey, I had a crush on you too, but you didn't make a move. Yeah. So like, I, I appreciate the offer that he offered to bang, but it's not like in the moment, I want him to want to bang as much as I want to bang. Correct. Correct. Because otherwise we're just going through the motions. Yeah. Do you think bullying works or does bullying work with the NBA? Because I think it is a very NBA thing to be bullied into everything. Yeah. Roger Goodell doesn't give a fuck No. He won't let you bully him. But the NBA, like, they'll, they'll you just say something, you get enough retweet and they're like, we're looking into it. I guarantee you that Adam Silver has a burner. Oh, For Sure. And we need to find what Adam Silver's burner is For sure. So yeah. We, we did get a bang tonight.


This series feels the Pacer Wednesday night. I hate that we have to wait all the way to Wednesday night. It was weird not having a game Saturday night. Yeah. Schedule's all kind of fucked up Hockey, like needed a hockey game. I, I, I like nothing on Saturdays. Insane is brutal. NBA finals and NHL finals. Yeah. Angel Reese. Angel Reese. Yeah. Batty. She made, she made her, I, that was the most obvious thing that ever happened for people to miss it. There was a group of guys who were gambling on Angel Reese to miss her first shot. And I think they were, I think they won five outta six. She made her first shot of the first game and then the next five, she missed her first shot and it went viral.


And I was like, there's just no way that she's gonna make her first shot. And she did. So now you can hop back In. Now it's gonna get hot Again. Yeah. Now it's gonna get hot again. Okay. Should we talk? Well, we're gonna talk extended Stanley Cup final with Ryan Whitney. Great interview. Should talk about the other big sporting event this weekend. RBC Heritage. Oh, we, I would like to hear your thoughts on R BBC Heritage, but is it, We had one of the best tennis matches of all time. Yeah. Alcaraz verse Center for the French Open five hours and 29 minutes. And one of the craziest, like if you didn't watch it, I'm not a big tennis guy, but I was, I was glued to parts of it.


It was also like, it went on so long that I, I like went out, came back, went out again. Came back, still going. But the, the moment that was insane was Sinner was up five three in the fourth set and up 40 Love basically three. So he had three championship points and Alcaraz came back. He was the undertaker g he came back from dead and won that game. Won that set, won the match. I think I nailed all those. A game set Match championship. Yep. Yep. CVO play. It was awesome. CVO play. It Was, it was. And I, ugh, Si Play. I might, I might have to be an Alcaraz guy.


I mean, Alcaraz is awesome. He's, he's fun. The goat, he's fun to watch. Well, He is not the goat. Yeah. No, he's On track. He's on Joe. Yeah. No, I know. He's on, he's on Goat Track. We're on Goat Watch. He's won his, I think he, he won this. He's at the same spot as Rafa. He just won his fifth. But he does it on, on other surfaces. He does it on all the Surfaces. So Yannick Center, this is about my tennis knowledge in terms of like the, the modern game is fucking awesome. But he sucks against Alcaraz. Correct. Well, and also does Steroids. And does steroids allegedly. But then gets that penalty. You got a three months Ban. And then there was some other stuff that went on behind just a big steroid guy. He was 91 and three against everyone else. And since the started of 2024, he is owned five against Alcaraz.


You got Alcaraz problem, bro. Oh, See we play. Oh Yeah, I knew that. I knew that center was gonna lose when I saw what he was wearing. That's not a, that's not a Roland Garros championship fit he was wearing today. Can I, can I, Robert Kraft was loving it. Can I say something? What do you Mean? He was like sitting behind Skinner. Oh, he was, he was getting hyped. Yeah. Oh, he was loving those sounds Behind who? Sinner. Yeah, sinner. Can I say something that's actually in, in pro Rafa? I know this is the French open, but in my head I'm like, this is the Spanish open. Because, because he Won so many Times. Well that's the craziest, like it's really dumb. When, when they had the Olympics and they were lighting the torch for the Olympics in France, they brought Raffa Nadal out to light the torch.


And he's not even French. He just do, it's the most cing, I was gonna say the most Cucked France has ever been by another country. No, but that would just be historically wildly incorrect. But yeah, It's more like a trend that Continues. It's a trend. Yeah. Once every like 40 years, France Just sits in the cuck chair. Yeah. But, but, But Alker is the Spanish too, so Yeah. It's like, it's the Spanish open. I like That. And I think red, I think Spain. Yeah. I don't know why. Probably the bull fighting, maybe the flag. It's got some red on there. Yeah. I'm just like, Hey, red Spain, clay, red, Rafa, Spain. So that the match was so long. What was it? Five and a half hours. 5 29. Imagine doing anything for five and a half.


I I tweeted that. I can't even fathom exercising for five hours at a time. And then somebody replied and said, I can't sleep for five hours at a time. Yeah. And they were playing tennis Without getting like, waking up at least once And being exhausted. Yeah. Yeah. When you wake up from sleeping that, that short amount of time. Yeah. In France, there's somebody in France that probably took a lunch break and by the time their lunch break was over, the tennis match had just ended. It was, no, I only five and a half hours. I, I went, I watched the, the, the beginning of it. Went to the park with my kids, came back, did lunch, took a little bit of a nap, hung out outside. Came back in March the end. Yeah. It was crazy. It was a whole day in this match.


I ordered food to my house and it got there in the fourth set right around the time that they had that it was center that was up. I think it was right before they broke the championship points. Yeah. I think it was right before the turnaround, the match, the food got there in the fourth set. And then I just wouldn't leave from upstairs to go pick my food up from the front door until the match was over. And it was like an hour and a half later. It was awesome. After fourth set that Yeah. I was finally able to eat. It was awesome. It's one of the things where you're watching it and even if you're not a tennis fan, you know that this is something special that you're watching. I'm gonna say it right now. Match of the year. Yeah. I'm gonna say match of the year. I know we're only halfway through the year.


We still got three, three of the four left. Oh, I believe I wied in Australian US Open. Oh. But this is match of the year. And not only that boys, I think tennis is in good hands. Yeah. It's in really good hands passing because these guys are gonna go, these guys are gonna go at it year after year after year. We got our no. Or we got our new, you know, we, we were like, Hey, what are we gonna do as huge tennis guys? What are we gonna do that we lost Federer and aal and you Kovich is getting old. Guess what? We got Alvarez and Sinner. Wait, am I right? No. Australian Open already happened. Fuck. Oh yeah. The the weird, like I know Middle Of the night and I am a big tennis guy.


I just, I was saying that I, one of the beauties of doing this job, how we do this job is that we can, we can joke or we can be stupid and they look the same. We are the fools. And I said, I like the fifth game is the, is the best two words in tennis. And everyone's like, dude, it's set. And then a lot of people were like, no dude, he's obviously joking. I wasn't joking in that moment. I definitely thought it was fifth Game. It was a bit, I I Not a bit. It was not a bit. And I fucked up. So then I had to do, I had to repeat it so everyone was like, ha ha he is doing a bit, but I'm an idiot at Wimbledon. Didn't they used to do a fifth set tiebreaker that would just go on for forever? Yeah. I think they changed it 'cause it was too much. Ugh.


Not for me. Not for, not for a a a yellow head like me. Ugh. Fuzz head, green Fuzz. Fuzz head green or yellow. This is a real title song. Also shout out Coho Golf, Not a sandwich. Us. Yeah. USA We got it. We did it. We Got, I had two, I had two dumb thoughts when I was watching the, the finals at Roland Garros. Here's the two thoughts I had about tennis being played on different surfaces, which I like. I like that Wimbledon's on grass. The French opens on clay. Has anybody ever built a court that's half grass, half clay? I'm sure some rich dude is really bored. Has done it. Yeah. Has to have, I would like to watch that match. And then I, I think we've talked about this a few years ago.


Ice tennis would be cool as shit. Yeah. If you're on skates. Yeah. Somebody should make that happen. That would be cool. I would, I would watch ice tennis. That Would be very cool. Hank There was a golf tournament. Yeah. RBC Canada. Did you watch it? It's the Canadian Open. Canadian Open. Mike Weir, Not Mike Weir. Ah, Brian Fox. The 51st major Pillow fight went into, went into extras, Pillow fight. They had five playoff holes. They were just laying up every time. Oh, par why Was, why are the They Started changing the holes. Yeah, because it just, they kept tying. Oh. And After the second, after the second time, they like stopped everything. Put the hole in a different place. No shit. Yeah, Because it was too easy Just to mix it up, I guess.


I don't know why. Oh. 'cause they're playing the same hole. Yeah. Got it. Why would they do the sa Okay. All right. That makes sense. Every Tournament has different Yeah. Different playoff rules. Like I wish they would do more 18 hole. 18 hole playoffs. Yeah. Yeah. They don't even do that anymore for Do they do that anymore? For the US Open? They might just Changed the rules. Dont think They changed it. Really? Yeah. After Rocco Media and, and Tiger. Can we? No, because I think, I remember when Seth, when Dustin Johnson choked and Spieth won. Dustin Johnson just had to like two putt for a playoff and they would've played 18. Mm. I don't know that they do an 18 hole playoff anymore though, Yet. I know they used to 2008.


That was that set the record for the least amount of work being done on a Monday Two hole aggregate now in the US Open. Yeah. So you like getting to take an extra, a bonus day of major golf is really what we all want. Oh. But it's two whole aggregate so it's not So it's not over after the first one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wait, didn't, didn't Bryson play in one last year? No. That wasn't in it. I, you know, this is the part of the year where my brain kind of starts to slowly fade a little bit where it's like, you're not as sharp. Well, No, you know, You don't remember things. It's the second that tiny, tiny bits of NFL news start to leak out. Yeah. You push all the other stuff outta your brain because you start to get distracted by the next season.


And I think also, like, I'm not, I'm not built as a human being to be able to watch television shows and keep all sports in my head at the same time. And this is my prime TV show. Watching time of the year. Shout out the boys, Shane Gillis Francis and, and Fight Berg. Yeah. Tires. Awesome. Watch it on Netflix. But yeah, I can't, I can't keep all the, like, everything I'm ju I'm basically the worst world's worst juggler. Yeah. I Throw one ball up and the minute the second ball goes up, I just drop the, the other Ball. Our brains aren't really meant to mix reality, which is sports and fiction. Right. So like I can watch documentaries at the same time. Correct. That I'm watching sports, but I can't do like a scripted show.


Correct. I'm dipping back into the Sopranos though. Oh, I can't wait for the part where Tony kills Christopher. Oh, where he holds his nose. Christopher. Christopher. Yeah. All right. Other news. Nick Chubb on the Texans. Yeah. Cool. I guess I'm rooting for Him. Yeah, I'm rooting for him. He seems like a good guy. Fuck yeah. Why wouldn't we root for him? He's a good guy. Great runner. We'd root for him also. I had UFC 3 6 16. Sean O'Malley didn't jerk off for 10 months and then lost in the third round. Not a good choice. You got it. Who do you lose to? Good question. Hey Reb, I think, I Dunno, imagine not jacking off just to get your ass kicked.


You Have to, if you, if you come out and say, Hey, I'm not jerking off. You have to, you have to, You have to win win Because you have to win. Who do you lose to? Let's find out. The second you lose. We gotta Who's, who's goog Is it going on right now? Dhe. Who's googling right now? Is it Max or is it This Is Zach. This is Zach. These are Zach fingers. It's Max. We can't hear you. We can't hear you. How Am I supposed to spell this? Just say Sean O'Malley. Just write in Sean O'Malley Or just UFC. Well I thought, I thought you were talking about the Other guy, Moab. Yeah, I was right. Reb. Yeah. Fuck yeah. I nailed that. Is he Next up. Hey, Gimme some credit. Oh, that's a funniest picture.


He also, he's having sex though, Right? Oh yeah. He's just not jerking off. Which I don't, I think that like negates the whole point Of Well it depends on how much sex you're having. He's Probably having a, a fair amount of sex, But isn't the point of not jerking off you, you know, building it up, keeping the testosterone testo inside of you. So it's like if you're having sex, it's coming out. Is That why his right hand was so much weaker? I don't know. I would never do this. 'cause I'm scared of just how much of a beast I'd become. So me, I got like the Registered hands, lethal Weapons. Yeah. I don't want, I don't want to go. I, I'm afraid that like I'll be the Hulk And we don't want that. You Wouldn't like me when I'm horny Or I have no willpower. Also, I had another story.


I had two more stories I wanna throw out there. Memes, Tom Diviau. We're getting a little bit of some interesting stories coming out of his firing. Are you nervous that it seems like this is a James Dolan piece. James Dolan did all the exit interviews, which is very weird for I think an owner to do the exit interviews with the player players. And the, the story I read, I think it was Vincent Goodwell wrote a story about, basically it was he and Leon Rose in the exit interviews and James Dolan was asking all the questions being like the lead of the exit interviews. And he's the one who came up with the decision that he didn't like Tibs and fired him.


I tibs being fired aside. This would make me nervous as a Knicks fan because James Dolan, they're like little run here where they've gotten back to being a good team. Feels like James Dolan took a step back. Now he's maybe taking a step back forward and he's a shithead owner that will ruin something. Yes. So I, I saw Nick Wright say this. James Dolan, the past five years has been occupied with the sphere, building the sphere. Yep. Did a great job. Great job. So Leon Rose is focusing on building a team properly, which he did. And now the sphere is built. You need another sphere? We need, yeah, we need like a mega sphere somewhere. So he just goes and builds That build one in Chicago.


That'd be so awesome. Gimme sick. Ugh. You won't So sick. You won't James. James you won't dude. Who are you guys gonna get? Jason Kidd. Jay Wright. I don't know if James, if James Dolan's involved then than Jason Kidd, but if it's Leon Rose, it'll be a thorough process. And maybe Jay Wright. Maybe. Maybe Jay Wright. Yeah. Yeah. I, I heard, I heard Jay Wright is considering it. That is wrong. That's incorrect. Well, max, he informed the nick that he max he is not interested in the job. Have You ever, have you ever bought a, he informed Seth Davis, have you ever Yeah. He informed Seth Davis wrong. Seth Davis reported that he informed, Have you ever that He informed the Nicks? I heard a podcast he in Yeah.


Have you Max, have you ever bought a car? Yeah, I did. Zero negotiating. Oh, Okay. Yeah. Well, yeah, I can tell because when you buy a car, car I had PD come and do it for me actually. Yeah, I'll Do it. Yeah. 'cause when you buy a car, you can, you can usually get a really good price by saying, Hey, you know what? I'm good. I don't want this car anymore. And walk out just like Jay Wright's like, like, Hey, I don't wanna coach this team. It's Called having a walkaway presence. That's, this is insane. This is sad. This is Sad. What you negoti Negotiations. What you're doing to the listeners. That was a great point. Big Cat. Thank you memes. Thanks Max. Have you read Art of the Deal? I haven't read anything Ingredient. I actually started reading Wright Thompson's book.


Whether I finish it, Probably know. You told me, you promised me you were gonna read a book This summer. I know I'm gonna and I'm trying, I'm trying hard. I got you that bookmark. Yeah, that's true. I'm trying hard right next. Oh, where the fuck's my pope? Oh yeah. Wait, okay. I was, I was, I was supposed to tell you this, I think last Wednesday. Who did it? What? I came in the studio. The Pope was shattered. What? What? The pope was shattered. That Was a gift from Shane. Somebody broke the pope. I put it there. There we need, there needs to be A thorough Wait, wait. You found the broken Pope? I I found it. It's okay. I saw the Pope. I was the last person to see the Pope. Hank.


It's not me. Hank does sit in my seat a lot. He loves to sit in my seat and be like, I'm the big boss man. Look at me. What he takes, he moves my shit, plugs in his shit. Unplugs, my computer's dead. Do I even have my broken pope? I put it somewhere. We gotta send Shane back to Italy. I was saving the, the evidence, but I forget where I put it. Oh my God. That's, that's gotta be Bad luck if you break the Pope. Oh Wait, no, that's John Lithgow. He did that. What's, when was it? I wanna say it was before we did last Wednesday show. It was either last Tuesday or last Thursday. You could tell how much this Pope. Yeah. What happened to the hula? The hula bobblehead. She's right here. Oh, okay. She's, yeah. Yeah. She's still, she's still intact.


You could tell how much this broken Pope mattered to me that it took me six days to figure it out. But I'm heartbroken. Oh shit. Penguin throughout the first pitch. The White Sox man. Yeah, just kind of walk to the it it walked to the mountain. That's awesome. And then, and then it's handler through the pitch. That's sick. Yeah, it was cool. Hell Yeah. You guys were worse Than Taylor's. Yeah. Way better. No one was worse than Taylor's. Way Better. Did you see the zebra? The zebra getting air? Oh that Was me on Monday reading. Okay. Oh, I was gonna talk about that. So let's save that. The Zebra. Talk about that All time. Clip ai. Yeah, ai. Yeah, for sure. Alright, so Tom au So we feel not James Dolan's gonna be involved and that's a problem. That's a big problem for the Knicks.


New York has a owner's problem get involved. Yes. It's Bad. That's gonna be a big, big problem. And then my other one was Michael Beasley. Who, who, I dunno if you guys saw the one-on-one he did with Lance Stevenson and some of those clips of him talking shit before were insane. But I, I think I knew this but then memory hold it. But during the broadcast, Carrie Irving said, he was like, I will never play Michael Beasley one-on-one. And like all the stories that come out about Michael Beasley like beating LeBron one-on-one. He's like the greatest one-on-one player of all time. Did you see this? Did you see this clip of him talking shit? Yeah, I did. Yeah. Play it. It's great. It's, it's, it scared me the way he started talking to Lance Stevenson.


But I'm gonna do it to you real. I'm gonna do it to you real nice and slow. Understand. I'm gonna do it to you sexy. I'm gonna make them people love you tonight. You know what I'm saying? For real. I'm make the people love you. Ready? I'm gonna have you shake it ass nigga. I'm gonna make you dance. Lances. I'm gonna make you dance Lance. We going to get straight to it nigga. I'm gonna bring my dancing shoes and I'm gonna tap all over that corner. You understand? You better. I ain't gonna shake ass. Nobody in the world ever did that. Hello everybody. Nobody at your service. Nobody.


I love that. Did you see what they put on Instagram? No. So Lance just said great game bro. And then tagged him and then Michael Beasley, he screenshotted it, reposted the story and said, I love you to the moon and back. Now grab a cigarette and a towel. We made a sex tape. King Kim K would envy. He was nasty. Have you guys seen Beasley's tattoo on his back? No. Oh, pull that. Bees pull that shit up. Super cool bees. Oh is that, is that what it is? I think I have seen it. I think it says super cool bees on back. That's awesome. This is gonna take Oh he got it. Yeah. There it is. With the angel wings. Yeah. Super cool bees. Michael Beasley. What a guy. Bucket. Bucket bucket.


Couldn't stay off the weed but he's a bucket. Alright, should we do who's back of the week? Let's do it. And we'll get to Ryan Whitney.


Hank can you pull up Gametime? Sure. Let's find a game. Gametime Football's back. The 2025 NFL schedule is out and the only place you should be getting your tickets is Gametime, the official ticketing partner Parcels Sports. I'm Marty. Planning my fall schedule and circling the games we wanna go to with killer last minute deals. All in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets. Gametime makes scoring NFL tickets faster and easier. They have exclusive discounts and you can find seats for as low as a hundred dollars. A Gametime guarantee means you can trust you get a hundred percent authentic NFL tickets on time and for the best price plus fees are always included. So what you see is what you'll pay. Looking at tickets for the Saints at the Panthers on. Let's go November 9th. Let are Panthers. You can get in first little as $29. Alright, so all the NFL schedules out college football as well. Go to Gametime, take the guess. We outta buying NFL tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime,


who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends. At Truly Guys. It's summertime. It's truly time. It's truly unruly lemonade time. It combines the high elk, fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take Lemonade. Let loose. 8% A BV. 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors. Bump in blue. RAs OG original Lemonade. Punched up pineapple wild pink. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Find truly unruly lemonade store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com. I personally, I like the wild pink, the OGs good. They're all great. Wild pink though. Something special about it. Truly unruly. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Find truly unruly lemonade store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com.


Hank who's back of the week, Who's back of the week is Magnus Carlson. Yes. Yeah. Against all odds. I don't, I guess it wasn't a single elimination tournament or how that worked, but he came back. He is. He won the 2025 Norway chess tournament. Of course he did. Yeah. Good for him. Because for a while there I was like, this guy just, all he does is lose. Did He crash out? No, he, No, he won with class but Bro crashed out the first time. Yeah. No crash out this time. No, He's the goat. That's what people say. He's the goat. He is. He statistically he's the best to ever do it. Yeah. Yeah. Good For him. So good end. Good ending for the week for him. How's your weekend, Hank? I had a good weekend. Met some friends in town. Nice. Yeah. Saw Billy Strings.


Nice. Nice. Nice Couple true leaves. Nice. How many times did you see Billy? Just once. Oh really? You didn't see him twice? I saw him Friday. Oh, You didn't see him with widespread panic on Thursday. Oh, we did the show. Oh yeah, That's right. It's damnedest thing I've ever seen. Yeah. Yeah. Seen like a sick show. How'd you golf? Not great. We played like a scramble yesterday. It was pretty casual. Yeah. Casual with the boys. Yeah. It's Just casual. Couple trulys. Just Having fun. Yeah. Just casual. Couple trulys. Yeah. Yeah. What's your best shot? I don't know. I don't know that I had one. Oh, that's tough. I, there's Nothing. Nothing's really popping off. Damn. I think Hank's devoting so much of his golf mental energy towards being a CEO.


Yeah. This Is a big week for, this is a big week for us That maybe your physical, like golfing ability might take a hit in the short term. Yeah. And tomorrow we got, we got, yeah we do have have to golf today. Yeah. Today. Yeah. Gotta do it. Hands are tied. Got, I mean for Charity. For the dogs. Yeah. For charity. Yeah. For the dogs. Every hole you don't play. Dog dies. Yep. He's gonna play all 18. Alright. PT Hoosier. Who's back? Was that, was that a Hank? I Had the course too. We kind of talked about with Whitney, but she us open week. Yep. So excited. Oakmont. The course all week. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday's gonna be a lot of course talk's. A lot of rough talk, a lot of stem talk. What's Stem? Is that the green thing? That's the green speed.


Green Speed stem meter. How do you, how do you measure how fast a green is? I don't even want to answer that 'cause I don't really know. You just roll it and I'm pretty sure the stem thing is the thing that you roll it on. Okay. So it has a universal speed and so they drop it from the same point and depending on how fast it goes, that's how they determine it. Got it. All right. It's definitely, it's stim, meter Stim, meter Stim. Is that just a, a tool that they made for golf? Like it has no other use, but to determine like how fast a green is, It sounds like something you would get implanted. Like if you can't get your dick card. Yeah. The, Like a stim meter. I Got a stent inserted. Yeah.


Is that, what is that? What's going on here? Oh, St meter. It's just a, just a blue thing. It's Literally a piece of plastic. And that's the stent meter. Looks like a car stick. Hank maybe. Wow. Next car stick could have that functionality in it. Yeah. It really reinvented the wheel in this one St meter. Does it also matter if, if the green's level? Well, I'm sure they have to do it on a level surface, I think. Yeah. Did you see that shot Phil hit? Yeah. Unreal. Liv Per pure genius. He's an artist out there class. Yeah. He's an artist. And he, the golf course is his paintbrush or his pair, his canvas. The, the club is his Look at this. Ah, over his head backwards in to finish seventh at the live golf Virginia.


And not win it for the smash. So just it's how far, it's how far the ball goes. I love the Scoreboard. The scoreboard is the scoreboard. Literally looks like dude. Perfect. Came up With it. Yeah, dude. Perfect. Doing an F1 race. Yeah. Makes sense. If it rolls 11 feet, it's an 11. If it 13 feet. So they're saying it's gonna be 15. Oh, I don't care about the stuff That really that that they, they, they made it like, like sound so much more scientific than just piece of plastic. How far does it roll? We Roll a ball off This thing and then, And then you say, damn, that went far. Oh man. We're rolling at a 16 today. Holy Shit. I am, I'm excited to see the videos that are gonna come out as the players do their, their practice rounds.


Yeah. You let the media on the course Throwing the ball in the green. Yeah. The rough. Yeah. You drop the ball in the green and you like tap it and it goes like 60 feet. That's gonna be fun to see. I Love it. The course is back. All right. Your who's back? PFT My first who's back is Gronk. Oh. Because it's six nine today. Oh Yeah. Oh Yeah. So happy holidays. Gronk is there. I don't think I've ever seen a hockey player wear number 69. I was thinking about that because like, I wanna to get back into hockey numbers and then we get or, or player numbers and then we forget someone. Ron had said that he wished that he could wear 69 on the football field, which would've been a treat for everybody, but I don't think I've ever, that's one sport where I can't recall a 69.


I mean there's definitely been 60 nines. It's just, has there been like a famous 69? I don't know. Something to look into. So they're back also Wimpy. Wimpy is back. Yeah. De Jarden wore 69. Oh he did? Yeah. Did you see what happened with Weby? No. What happened with Wendy? Weby has been training to be a monk this off season. Oh. He was in a temple in Shalin. He was at a Shalin temple in China and he shaved his head and he's living life as a monk. Wow. I feel like this is this, we're about to see unlock wimpy night. Look at that picture of him. Like he's on his, this is kind of some Kareem Abdul-Jabbar type shit.


Wow. We're, we're either gonna see the least focused wimpy possible where he's just gotten too much perspective and he's just like, you know, realizing that basketball is incon inconsequential to our lives spent on this tiny pebble hurdling through space. Or he is gonna come back, focus as fuck and just kill everybody. Oh. I think he might just come back focus as fuck. He's got like the, what are the monks thinking when he shows up? That's gotta be the tallest guy that, 'cause a lot of them don't go anywhere. Yeah. They don't see like, aren't there some monks that like never seen a chick? Yeah. And like they weby comes how That's gotta blow their fucking mind. You're Like, is are you two monks That's like, like them going to the sphere? Yeah. It's just them seeing someone that tall. Yeah. Weby probably talked them more than they taught him.


Yeah. Holy shit. They make him that Tall. There's like a jar that they've been trying to get down for the last 15 years. Yeah. That got, or a ball that got stuck up on the Roof. Yeah. A god hot dog in the ceiling. Yeah. Now he's a god to them. Yeah. But yeah, so I, I do feel like this is gonna be wimpy fucks everybody up next season because he's Yeah. He's figured out like secret ancient martial arts. I agree. Alright. My who's back? I got two. One is college football 26 because it's coming. And I saw the new, there's like people who get the beta and the graphics look awesome and so does the score, score bug. I'm just excited for it. I just like, kind of forgot like we, we work so hard to get it back and now it's like, oh yeah, we get an updated one every single year.


Yeah. We have to continue to play it because don't let them take it away from us again. Yeah, exactly. Okay. So my other who's back is Marlon's man because we're gonna talk about this with Whitney. But he is going to the games. He invited us to the games and he's going to the games with Nicky Smokes. He invited us to the game, but, and I was like, Hey Marlon's man, we can't make it. We got work to do. We're Nicky Smoke's gonna go down. He's a Panthers fan. He's from South Florida and he said that he would take Nicky smokes, but he had stipulations. You wanna hear stipulations? I do. Alright. One was Nikki Smokes has to wear a bar. Stool hat. Okay. We can make that happen.


Two, He has to take any pictures. Fans want of me talking about Marlon's Man three days before game three on podcast, he invites all Barstool followers to come up and take photos with us. I guess we're doing that right now. They're sitting on the glass. So go take photos. How are they gonna know if it's, if Marlin's man's there? That's a really good question. It'll probably be the guy with a huge, huge line waiting to take pictures with him. That is true. And also the huge, huge line that Nikki smokes will have in the bathroom. But Nicks smoke. Nicky smokes has to, he has to take all the pictures. Yeah. Nick, he's a line guy. He is a line guy. Whale Tails is what they call him. He, they're in section 1 33. Okay. So go say hi to Nicky Smokes and Marlin's man and Nicky Smokes will take your picture Winning photo.


Gets to go with them and sit with him for the game. Four. I don't even understand the winning photo. That's, that's my favorite part. The winning photo. Yeah. There's a contest Winning photo. And then five, can we make a blow up Dot? Don't say this one. Can we make a blow stall? Don, Don't say this one. We're not saying this one of Bleeps mom to sit with us. Or should I just get an inflatable sex stall and just, I think I got fight Marlin's man face On it with a sign around her neck saying, I thought, Okay. All right. It was a bleep. We don't know who that was. All right. I gotta, I gotta a rough and round. I Think you do. I think you, he just, How old is Marlin's man? He just takes So many legitimately it's fade on site. It's, it's crazy. Yeah.


You saw him like you'd have to when I saw that text. Yeah. I did tell PFT this text beforehand because I was like, this is crazy. 68 years old. Yeah. I'm not ashamed to beat up a 68-year-old man's Just crazy man. He's crazy. I'll Fight you in rough and rowdy Marlon's man balls in your court. Oh, so yeah, check out the, the dynamic duo of Nick Smokes and Marlon's man at the gate. I don't know what, I don't know what's gonna happen out of that. Alright, Zach, you got who's back? I do have, who's back for you sir. Okay. And also a for Monday reading. I want an up, we're gonna do an update on the pub stomping people were wondering. Okay. We'll do that at the end of the show. I can do that for you as well. Okay. Alright.


Who's back? Who's back with the, my who's back of the week would be with, you know, Chicago Summer. It's finally here. Very hot outside, very humid. My hu's back is baby powder. We're getting head of chafing. We're getting out in front of it. I Thought he was gonna say shorts for a second there. And we're going, we're going extra strength green bottle. We can't have no, no chub rub. No chafe at all whatsoever this summer. We're gonna go baby powder. Who's back? Can't wait. Wait. Okay. Chub Rub. Is that what we call it? Chafing. I Chafing Chub. Yeah. There's a couple different names we can toss in, in and out, but, but just know we're powdering up. Are you, do you powder every day before you get outta the house? Pre powder. Most days. And what's your powder routine? Do you powder in your underwear or do you powder on your grundle?


I'm in the drawers guy. You Just go drawers so you don't go grunt. Like I'll sometimes when I know it's gonna be a swampy day, I'll just, I'll go straight powder on Skin. I don't have the kind of range of motion. Oh, you can't get, can get your hand back there. Well, you can also, it's a squeeze bottle so you can go underneath and then squeeze up some. If it's a full bottle, then We're sweeping up. It's a whole thing. I, yeah. But I like to tip. Yeah. What I like to that pro tip on the powder. Oh yeah. Pro Tip. Yeah. You go underneath and then you just squeeze up. How much do you do in your underwear? It's Like LeBron, pre-game Liberal amount. Nothing crazy. Nothing Nuts. No, but that's a smart, that's a good call. 'cause I actually, I have not, I, I, I don't, I do, I'm a big react reactive guy when it comes to this. Not proactive.


Like I'll wait till I have a really bad day where it's swamp ass. Then I'll go buy it. You gotta get ahead of it. Gotta stay ahead of at all costs. Yeah. I wish I could go back in time and experience the powder for the first time ever. Oh, what a feeling. What a feeling best. Yeah. You, your day is so awesome. After you put that on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That and the Icy Hot first. Icy Hot. Yeah. But you don't, you don't Wanna combine not on your balls. You don't combine. I'm saying like Icy Hot on your, like on a, on a, like a ankle or something. It's a bad feeling if you get the Icy hot on the boys. Yeah. No, I'm not, I'm not asking for that. I'm not crazy here, but yeah. Good call. Good call. Bringing the powder Back. That's really good call. There we go. Yeah. Yeah. So how many, how many, how many bottles of p powder would you go through in Florida?


I'd just, you just keep one of the big ones on, you go hit the Sam's Club. Yeah. But would you go through it in like a couple weeks? No, no, no, no. Throughout the summer we're good. Oh, Okay. All Been crazy. Yeah. Yeah. That's why you stay ahead of it. Yeah. You Gotta stay ahead of it. Proactive. Okay. Let's get to Ryan Whitney. Then we'll finish with a, a quick story about a zebra and an update on the pub stomping.


Okay. Before we get to Ryan Whitney. Pardon. My Take is sponsored by Better Help Men Today face immense pressure to perform, to provide and keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year, and it's often undiagnosed. It's okay to struggle. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're carrying and doing something about it. So you can be at your best for yourself and everyone in your life. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. We are pro therapy on this show, PFT and I have both seen therapists. Great. Just be able to talk to someone. So with over 35,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally as the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise, talk it out With Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash pmt. That's better help hlp.com/pmt.


Were also brought to you by our friends of Hey dude. Hey dude, have you tried? Hey dude shoes. Yet they're unlike anything. The Wally Stretch socks are the ultimate slip-on shoes, lightweight, breathable, and ridiculously comfortable. We're talking cushioned insoles that feel like little pillows under your feet. Hank's wearing some Hey dudes, right now they are the shoe of the summer. I'm telling you right now. Oh yeah. If you are doing anything outdoors this summer, Hey dude, pool beach, golf, everything. Hey dude. Going to the ballgame Backyard Barbecue. Hey, dude is the shoe. It is so comfortable and a little extra. I have Hey dudes right at my front door. Use 'em every morning when I walk. Stella, slip 'em right on. Slip 'em right off. Hey, dudes are the perfect shoes to slip into every day. Find your pair@heydude.com. You will not regret it. Hey dude.com.


Okay, here he is, Ryan Whitney. Okay, we now welcome on. Our Best Friend is very, very, very, very special guest. Number one in, Pardon My Take history is Ryan Whitney Spiting Chiclets podcast coming off, I'm gonna say it the best. One of the best, if not best, Stanley Cup Final Games I've, I've ever seen. It was incredible Friday night, also like the, the series just in general, two overtime games. Incredible, incredible wit. Let's start with that. Friday night. Have you, have you recovered and was that one of the best Stanley Cup final games you've ever seen? I don't remember the start of a Stanley Cup final ever being this not only entertaining, but just back and forth.


And the biggest thing being, there's so much better than every, the other 30 teams in the league. Like it's, it's quite obvious that these two teams are just at another level. And after seeing game one, I, I, I, I figured there'd be a little feeling out process and boom. Like, not at all. They just flying around. Both teams I think had five and six days off before Game one. But knowing it was in Edmonton, like that place, I got to experience the finals, two finals games there last year, they lost three, but then won four. So I knew the madness. The city was insane. After they won game four last year, you would've thought they went up three one. No, it was just to stay alive. It was crazy. So I'm like, oh my God, it's starting there this year and it is not disappointed.


I mean, like, the way how hard these guys are playing, how good these teams are defensively. Like you watch at times, Florida said on Chiclets, it looks like they have six guys on the ice. Like, I'm like, there, there has to be too many men on the ice because they're just everywhere. There's three guys around the puck. And then when Edmonton gets going, like offensively, they're just flying around their own the offensive zone. It's just been incredible hockey. Like the both games go into overtime. Yeah. I, I don't remember two games ever being this entertaining to begin a cup final where a lot of times people worry that they're so beat up and exhausted that it, it can be maybe not great. But this one I, I said be before the series seven games no matter what.


Done deal. And now, I mean, how do you see this not going seven? It's, it's just, it's incredible and I want it to go seven. I I most Oilers fans would say, no, we'll win five. We don't care. We're winning four. If we could, no, I need to see seven games. That's how good this hockey is. And if you don't like hockey, I think even there are some people probably tuning in, like, what are we watching right now? Yeah. Like this is like being on crack. I wouldn't know that, but I mean, what, what McDavid did, I actually have a question about that. And this is not me being a hater, but it was an incredible movie. No, You're the biggest hater. No, I'm not of all Time. No, I'm not. I have a question about that because I did see, this is not what I'm saying. Other people are saying that Barkov might be injured. I don't, I don't When when he does that to guys, you can't do the in He does it to everyone.


He Might, he might be injured 'cause of that play. He literally crossed them up. He, he, he broke his ankles. He broke his ankles and then, and then who was the next guy? Bla Yeah, Eck, At least Barkov stayed on his feet. Ek Plaid was swimming around on his back by the end of that. And then when he gets it right and he's kind of going at, at Barkov, he says the, the, the, those cut moves he has. It's, it's like Barry Sanders on skates. It's crazy. And then bla comes fine, he backhand toe drags him. But the craziest thing to me is in the middle of the toe drag, he's already looking over and like the end of the move is just sliding it across the dry side. That's when I, I I think I, like, I started running around the room. I was with a buddy whose brother works for the Panthers, so he's really rooting for the Panthers and I'm running around greatest hockey player of all time.


I just started tweeting that like, it's just, it's incredible to watch him and even though they lost game two, I just, the way he looks right now and the Oilers, I I, I can't see him losing this series. I it's gonna be the worst thing ever. If somehow this ends on the wrong side with the Panthers winning. But I don't think Mc David's gonna let it happen. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think he will either. I think this is his time. And there, there was one play in particular where Sam Bennett, he, he kicked the, kicked the stick away. He like kicked it over the blue line. Got it outta there. Then ended up filtering back towards the, I think he scored on that play too, actually. But in that, is there such a thing as like an unwritten rule in hockey?


And if so, did he break one? I I would say no. I don't like at this point in the season, there is just, this is prison rules. This is like whatever it takes. And Sam Bennett, I've said many times I would do anything if he was on the Oilers. But I hate his guts when he is, when he is him being on the other team. Like this guy, he is mastered the, whoops, did I do that? Like the accidental on purpose where any sort of contact in front of the goalie, he goes down in in a way that you really can't, like he got a penalty on the one which he probably didn't deserve. But I do think he deserved it because I think he knows exactly what he's doing.


And it's insane that he's scoring this much too. I think, what did he get his 13th, 12 or 13th goal? They're all on the road. It's like the guy's just a serial killer sociopath, but that play, no, that's just, right now you do anything, it takes anything. Just win. Just win. So just win with the two overtime games, you, you split 'em. Are, do you think that the Oilers are happy with this result? Yes, I do. I do. I mean, you wanna hold, you wanna hold, hold serve and now they lost home ice. I actually said to somebody the night before, game two, if they win tonight, I think they'll lose both in Florida. And if they lose tonight, I think they'll split in Florida. Like just setting this thing up for seven.


But the way they played, they gotta be pretty happy. I think that the second period, both games was kind of a disaster. The first game. I mean they took the, the first game, the third period in overtime. That was like, that's when I, I really felt they're, they're gonna win this series. Like they, they looked so much better, faster, quicker than the Panthers. I started thinking, I, I thought back to when Tampa was going for the third straight cup. They, they kind of ran, ran through the Eastern conference and then they got to the finals and it was just like Colorado just overwhelmed. They had nothing left and that game won with Edmonton, Florida. I said, oh, maybe Florida actually like third year in a row there. Maybe. It's kind of like they just don't have what it takes and Edmonton's this hungry.


But of course they answer the bell and game two. Your question's a good one because I think they would good. I think they would. You're a great question asker. I dunno, what is that jacket? Why are you guys wearing those jackets? This is, it's Edmonds'. You guys are scumbags ambassador. You guys are scumbags. Lemme tell you. I didn't even notice those we're am. It's wait, I just told you. It's it's Mc David's Ear. Hank, you're a dickhead. You have it on Hank's wearing it too. I didn't wanna wear it. I'm rooting for the Panthers. But the, the Oilers made us fan ambassadors. No, you guys, you guys are, you have To, we're pretty much a part of the team. You guys look at it to have the, the, the platform that you guys do to openly root again, like, I got no problem if you, if you want Florida, but you're, you're solely doing this so McDavid doesn't win.


And your big names in sports media, it's actually pathetic. It makes you wanna hang up this call right now. Like you guys, it's so weird to think that this Guy, it's all because of you though. Why you 'cause of me because I've, it's it's big friend. You went to a game Big Cat. It's friendship. You went to a game and texted me. I so, oh my God, dude, you're right. You were like, wait, wait, you're so smart. This guy's the best athlete I've ever seen. He's said Then you're still like, you want him to lose in overtime game. I don't, I don't really Well no, I do because of you. That's friendship. That's fucking okay. So fine. And and I'm, I'm, I get that friendship rooting against each other. Part of being friends. I will root for the against the bears and the you said this, It's gonna be easiest thing ever for you.


Like you, you're gonna win a Commanders. Like, I hope the worst things happen to you guys. Careful. Be careful. And I hope, I hope Jay Daniels no goes. I'm telling you I'm taking off. You guys are. I took it off. I took it off. I took it off. I took it off. I took it off. I took it off before you said anything. I took it off. Don't it off. You guys want to, don't you wanna see the greats? Some of the gr the greatest talent I've ever witnessed win a Stanley Cup. I do. That's why I we're in Jersey. Did you guys hate me that much? No, I I love you that much. It's actually the reverse. I love you that Much. Why? You'd be, you'd be rooting for the Knicks for your boy Jerry O'Connell if they were in the finals. No, probably not.


No. Yeah, you wouldn't be. No, I wouldn't, I would root for Bing Bong to have the exact state like a seven game devastation. Okay, fine. Well you know what? I'm gonna be just buying your QBs Voodoo dolls next football season and that's what we're gonna do. And now this win would mean that much more. Do me a favor. I I know I I've actually thought about it. Like if they do, if the Oilers win, you're you, we will obviously have you on right away and you will just get to shit down our throats for the entire time. Yeah. And you guys will be like, oh no, no. I knew he was good. I knew he was good. Oh no. Big Cat line. I bet him though I wasn't my name man. And I'm Happy I'm, I wanna to establish right now.


I did not bet him. Okay, there You go. It, I appreciate. Well, Dave Did. It's Dave established. Yeah, Dave did. Which is a, a big much. All right, I got a question about the, the Panthers. Yep. Marshan, how the hell is he doing it? Don't know. 37 years old and it felt like watching that overtime, he had the most gas outta anyone on the ice. Yeah. And he obviously scores the game winner by the way, before the game winner, which I want you to talk about. Did you, were you, when he went through Skinner's legs and it hit the post, were you like Team of Destiny? Because that, at that point I was like, there's nothing gonna stop the Oilers here. The fact that Puck didn't go in was so fucking insane. I was like incredible. There's, it's just, it's just their year. But then obviously he scores the overtime goal winner in in the second overtime.


Were you like, how, how is he doing this? He's 37. Yeah. He's just so skilled. And, and I actually went back to Team of Destiny when Perry tied it up. I'm like, yeah, oh my God. Like they're gonna win this game too. And, and Perry's 40 and he looks phenomenal too, but Marshawn little hockey term, like his edge work is, is crazy. Ooh. I like that. And I actually think he's a guy who, he's a guy who is like better because he's smaller. He gets like underneath guys almost. And his, his edges on his skates, they're just incredible. And I remember skating with him during the lockout, like the 2012 lockout whatever, 2013, whatever it was. And I'm like, oh my g you can't get the puck from him.


And every time you go into kind of 50 50 get there at the same time, he just somehow gets the puck. Whether he is lifting your stick, whether he is giving you a little butt end. He's just a genius out there when he plays. And when he really struggled at the beginning of this season when he was playing, he, he had three surgeries last summer like that. I mean, how like at at 25 years old, it's gonna be hard to feel normal and play well after three off season surgeries. He's 37 and does it, then he goes to Four Nations, looks good. And then the fact that the Panthers got him, that's what's disgusting. And, and I, I watched that all go down. It was like the last minute of the deadline, like, oh, breaking news.


We have Marshawn's been traded to the Panthers. I'm like, what? How the fuck did the Panthers get this guy, the Bruin should have never let that happen. And for a second round of it, I think now turned into a first 'cause of how far Florida's made it, how many games he's played. But this is exactly how I thought it would go down with him in Florida. It's the perfect team for him. He's got Bennett. He's got Kach. And you thought he might play with Barkov or, or Kach or? No, he's playing with Ionan and Lundell, these finished monsters on this incredible third line. And that's probably been their best line overall in the playoffs. That goal he got, man, he comes down and Leon Dre Settle had a hell of a back check on him. And I thought that Dre Settle did a good enough job where Marshawn couldn't get it to, to his backhand.


And that Skinner just led it in a horrible goal. It wasn't a good goal, but once I saw it somehow Marshan got his backhand on it. Like, no quit in his game. He'd already scored a short hander earlier in the game. He's just a machine. It's not surprising to me based on kind of knowing him and how driven he is, but it's sucks to watch. It really does rooting playing, playing against the panther. 'cause you know I'm playing in this cup final. Yeah, You are. You are. They're The worst. Like they, they are so good. They're always in your face. They always answer the bell. They go down, they tie it up. They're just animals and they, and they're champions for a reason. And now you gotta try to beat these guys. It, it's hard and it's, it's stressful as shit.


Are you, so Skinner has actually looked good. I, I know there's been awesome, a ton of goals, but he's looked good and he's, he's made some insane saves. Are you worried though at all about Bob like locking in? Because that would be like, Y's texted me during the game. 'cause he gave us the under on Friday night, which was terrible pick, terrible pick. And he is not on Twitter, so I just was getting all the shit for him. Yeah. Everyone was like, Hey, where's Ys? Like, he's smart. I was just getting all of it. And so he texted me though in, I think it was the second period when it was, I can't remember the score. I think he gave I, I it was when, when, when they gave up or? Yeah, it was the start of the second period. He's like, Bob's not gonna give up another one. And until 17 seconds left in the third period, he was right.


And I was like, holy shit. So like, it did feel like Bob kind of locked back in. Are you worried though that we're gonna get one of those games from him where it's like he just sees everything and he shuts the door? Yes. And going into the series, I said I wasn't worried as much about the Panthers being animals and just dirty and in your face. It's so hard to play against. As much as I was worried about Bob, you gotta figure he's gonna steal a game. Last year it was game one, the Oilers dominated and it was the Bob show, and then he kind of fell apart in four, five, and six. Like there was, it was a disaster, right? They almost blew that series. But now he hasn't done that yet and he's going home. So yes, I, I mean, I'm worried about a bunch of different things, but Bob's the number one on that list based on the fact that, that he just gets in these like grooves.


Right. And whether it's the entire game or like even game two for 35 minutes on the game clock, he just seems like you can't be beat. But I have noticed they're going at his glove and they've, they beat him beneath his glove. They beat him above it. So down low, you can't score on him. That's like the scouting report. Everyone knows he's just so flexible and quick. He takes away everything down low. But if you could keep attacking his glove and, and getting traffic in front, we might have a, we might have a chance here, but it's, it's just, it's, it's almost stre. It's almost like, do you even want your team in the finals? Sounds stupid. You need to win the cup. But watching these games, dude, I'm, I'm, I'm biting my nails, I'm freaking out.


It's double overtime, I'm making coffee. It's just nothing beats it. Which is what's so nice about knowing that neither one of you will ever see your team playing a Super Bowl. You won't even get to experience This with the Voodoo dolls. Maybe that's Doll, we don't have to worry About it. Yeah, yeah. No, you're, you're absolutely right when it comes to play f Hockey. Like I've, I've loved watching these games and it's been all, just all facets of the game have been incredible, including the goaltending has been really good, even though there's been a lot of goal scored. So I'm, I'm having a lot of fun watching, but also as not a fan of either one of these teams, when it goes into overtime, I'm just like, yes, this is even better now off. But if you're a fan of that team, overtime is the absolute worst thing to happen to you in the playoffs.


Are you a little bit concerned as a fan, as a member of the team of the Edmonton Oilers that you have to take on not just Marlon's Band, but also Nick Smokes? Yeah, IIII could care less about Nicky Smokes. He's a legit nobody. Like what, what, like Nick smokes. Like who, who is this guy? He is on a month to month contract at Barsol. Yeah, I think Marlon's band. I think it's technically I Put them 28 days by the, you know, the flow cycle. Yeah. IIII linked them, I linked Marlon's man and Nicky smokes together today. And I said it, it must be what Oppenheimer felt like. 'cause like this could, this could end the world like the two of them. Oh yeah. The like, They're more likely to end up in prison than do anything that's gonna hurt the Oilers.


Like two scumbags. I I I don't even know if Nicki smokes walked hockey before last year. Like now, now you know what your team wins. You have all the right to talk all the shit. But like he tweets at me. I read it. It's just like, I it's it's, it's like any other troll coming at me on Twitter. Like he's a nobody. He he, he, they're on the glass. Oh, sorry, he's on the bar. Sorry. He's on the bar stool summer house. I apologize. He's on the summer house. You know they're on the glass for game three. Are they? Yes. Yes. Wow. Marlon's Man has four tickets on the glass. Don don't, I mean, Nick will take his shirt off, like show his abs off. He's legit that guy. Yeah. Well I mean he, we, we paid him to get in shape pretty much. He would just work out from nine to five every day.


It's like he keeps posting these like anyone could do it. It's like, not anyone, dude. You have a gym in your office and you just, you work out during the day. What do you do for work? I work out and I whack girls that I work with. Oh. It's a sweet job. Alright, so what, what is the plan? You're going down the Chiclets crew's gonna be in Miami. Are we worried about the gout with biz? I haven't talked to him in a little while. I assume he's off the red meat. No, I getting the gout without drink. Cold Turkey. Yeah. Not drinking like you would think there'd be some alcohol wine involved in the goat. But to tell us that he was eating 20 ounces of steak every day for a couple weeks.


Like that is crazy. We're excited to get down there. I mean, it's a pain in the ass getting to that arena. It's, it, it, it's in, what is it? Sunrise? It's Sunrise. Yeah. But, but I'll say when I was there, the team was brutal. I was there for seven games. I was a plug, but the crowd wasn't great. Now with these teams, they have that building's electric. It's not at all Rogers in, in in Edmonton. But it's good. And so getting there will be very special. And then Monday to, or tonight we'll be at the game. I'm flying down, Earl flying down early and then Tuesday we're doing our pod live from the elbow room. Oh. So very cool. So we'll be going over the first three games of the series. We'll have some special guests in great spot to sit there.


I mean, Merle's, this is Merle's dream come true. The guy's been talking about going back to the elbow room since game seven ended last year. Yeah. So we're back. We're Back. Wait. Are, and then what happens? Are you guys gonna go to to, to five or seven in Edmonton? Is there any plans for that? So I'm going to game seven in Edmonton. If it gets there, which I believe it will be. I didn't go to games one and two. I had a bunch of stuff going on here. So going to three and four. We'll shoot home and then get ready for game seven. If, if it happens, I'll be on a plane probably to Denver then to Calgary with a start. Get to Edmonton, 12 hour travel day, get to the arena, start drinking and just maybe paint my face.


I like that. Are you bringing clubs to Florida? No, I'm not because I, I actually texted the group. I said, can we play golf? And then I got the, I got the itinerary. We got the show and interviews after Tuesday. We have three interviews Wednesday and then Thursday's game four. Don't know if if maybe time in the morning of game four I could play some golf, but I wanna lug the clubs down and then not play. Yeah. So if we do play, I'll be doing the rentals. You know the rental game? Yep. So asterisk on the scorecard. If you don't shoot well. Oh, I wouldn't even post it. I wouldn't even post It. Wouldn't Even post it. You gotta get ready. You gotta you got some high level golf coming up. I know. Believe me guys. You know what though?


I played in a member guest this weekend. Boston Golf Club champions myself and my buddy the loop dog. So that's a nice little thing. Win a tournament leading. And that's why when we won it, I said the Oilers are winning the cup. I just want, I just won something. Yeah. I never win anything. Never. Everything's coming up, Whitney. Yeah, yeah. Everything's coming up, Whitney. Well now I gotta hang out with Nick smokes. He'll be sitting with us at the elbow room in my ear. See That girl I bang her. It's, it's a great thing though, because if Nikki smokes his represent of the Panthers, even some Panthers fans will be like, fuck this. I I'm rooting for the Oilers now. Yeah, exactly. He'll turn anyone. Yeah.


Yeah. We'll get back to Whitney in a second. But first he's brought to you by our great friends, our great great friends, over at proper 12 proper. 12 Irish whiskey. Delicious, smooth. And it's me making my Irish entrance here. Proper number 12 Irish whiskey. The Irish entrance, the best thing you can do, it's just starting with a shot of proper number 12 Irish whiskey. Because real friends don't let friends Irish exit a party without a story to tell. Original, proper number 12 is a smooth and rich blend of golden grain and single malt aged four years in bourbon barrels mixed up with some ginger ale for classic and refreshing proper ginger. If you're in the mood for something smooth, but a little sweeter, you can try proper Irish apple. That's a delicious blend of Proper's Award-winning Irish whiskey with fr with crisp, fresh notes of Apple. So get out there, make your Irish entrance. Anything else just wouldn't be proper. Make your Irish entrance with proper number 12 Irish whiskey.


Wit is also being brought to you by our good friends over at State Farm. State Farm. You know, in basketball, the great players don't just do it alone. They have teammates, coaches, and a solid support system behind them. It's kinda like insurance because let's face it, a lot of us probably aren't great at doing that alone either. That's where State Farm comes in. State Farm is a teammate always ready to assist, help you find the coverage you need and help you recover from the unexpected, from Fender benders to storm damage or even just a question about your policy. State Farm is there to help provide an assist when you need it through the State Farm mobile app. A network of 19,000 local agents and online@statefarm.com. Don't just go at it alone. State Farm with the assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state. And now here's more. Ryan Whitney.


Alright, so the other thing I had to ask you about is, well, Hank do you have any questions about the, is the Edmonton Oiler Ambassador fan ambassador? No. I, I'm, I'm, I'm excited for game seven. Yeah. Oh, you're just going right ahead. Game seven, it's seven. Yeah. I'm taking, if I'm taking one thing from this interview, this series is going seven whatever Says goes. Why don't you guys, why don't you guys put your balls on the line and tell me that you'll come up and experience a game seven for the cup final in the craziest arena in the world if it happens. Mm, we should. Guys I've been on your show. We should, I've been on your show close to 30 times. Tell me right now up. Okay, wait, Come up. Hold on. What's the date on? It's Friday, June 19th. No, it's June 20th.


Friday, June 20th. Come on guys. My my son's birthday's June 19th. I'm not gonna miss that. You understand? So fly in the morning, the 20th. I'm a I guys, I'm a I I'm a maybe I'm a guys, can I get a yes now you guys, I'm not town that we can wait. I'll go Whitney. Oh man. Listen. Heck man. How are there direct flights from Chicago? There actually might be, I bet. Oh man. Oh wait, it's Friday, Friday. Friday. June 20th. Yeah, if I can find it. Guys, guys, guys. All the shit we've talked us sitting together. You in Edmonton, boys just talking shit. Yeah. Guys, guys, I've done a lot for you. I'll, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm actually gonna look at it.


That's the nicest thing I could do. 'cause usually I would just say no to anyone asking me to do anything. All I'm actually gonna look at it. If I could get a flight that is like, gets me there and back with like, in like 20 hours total Would Oh, but you could leave that morning. Get there, go to the game, leave the next morning. It wonder I'll be doing the red eye. I'll be doing the same thing. Yeah. Do they have a red eye? They might. I I'm gonna look at it. That's a big deal. Me looking at it. I mean, have either one of you guys ever been to a game seven of anything? I went to Game seven, black Hawks Red Wings. What year was that? I went to, yeah, but that's not for the No, I'm talking game seven for a title. No, No, no, no, no, no, no. But that was a sick game. I went To Game seven Sox, red Sox, Yankees.


When they came back from, From being down for you when they blew em out. Yeah. Oh, that's that's pretty sweet. Yeah, it was cool. What were, and you weren't even, were you living in New York then? No, no. This was a, when I was in college, I was just a fan. I I was a fan of the, of the story. I got, I got caught up. I wanted to see history. Well, what a story. This should be seen the greatest hockey player of all time. Raise a Stanley. They got, Hey guys, did you know a couple stats though? You know the, you I'm sure you talked about the Gretzky Crosby, how Yep. Gretzky. Yep. Shout out. You, you're the one who, well, PFT had it, but you also said it on the live stream that There was another one that came out that, I don't know, it's, it's seven, it's six or seven times a team's been in the cup final after losing the first two games of the first round.


Oh, They've all won the cup. Oh. And Edmonton lost the first two games of the first round this year. Oh, That's interesting. That's another one. That's another one. That's a big One. History. It's a team of destiny. Now losing game two, it was so funny 'cause going into game two, I was so confident. I'm like, dude, they got game one last year. They go down oh three, boom, we're great. We lose game two. And like any fan knows immediately you're like, I don't know if we're gonna win. I I don't think we can win. We're fucked. We're going back there now. So it's, the highs and lows are just something else. But you know what? My body's sore. I've been grinding since the first game against la I mean I'm on the East Coast guys these games, they were 10, 10 30, 10 50 starts. First step.


I was thinking of you in the second overtime. I was like, I don't know how much more wits got in the tank. 'cause it was just going like, you know, it crossed into Saturday. I was like, this guy's gotta be Fucked. Oh, I was, I and I teed off at like seven 10 Saturday. Oh wow. God, what a warrior. No one works harder. No One works. Oh, I got a hockey question for you. And this is gonna sound stupid and you're gonna tell me it's stupid, but it's actually a Connor McDavid compliment. Do you think I could score a goal on Conor Mc David's line? Yes. I actually think any person could I Do too. Like and dry settle's unbelievable. But some of the passes that he gives dry cidal when dry settle's on that like right side and it's just, he just breaks the whole defense down and they're all everywhere.


And then it's like, obviously dry settle's incredible, but like it's just right there and he just puts it right in And he buries it. Yeah. If you, if you started July 1st skating with like a skating instructor skills coach, two to three times per week. Okay. So for July, August, you go to camp mid-September and then you were in camp and then you played on his line by the every shift. He was out there. You play with him by game 10, you're scoring The problem is offside. 'cause I would want to cherry pick, but I would just No problem. I mean the line would, the, The problem, the problem is like, you'd be fucking eating ice cream like during the meetings and like miss the start of warmups. But that's how good Conor McDavid is. Like I, I really do think he's just that special that he, he like, he makes everyone so much better.


And yes, I would You and, and and you guys host Pardon My Take and you root against himself. We do not. No, we do not. We root against. No, we don't. We don't. There's a take. I'm a Ryan Whitney fan ambassador. I'm gonna get a Ryan Whitney jacket 'cause I believe in you win. I believe I got, IIII had three different Whitney Oilers jerseys in the crowd sent to me the other day. Can you imagine, imagine if you told those people when they were booing me out of town that years and years later that you'd be wearing a wit jersey to the Oilers in the Cup final. That's awesome. Based on my love and passion for the team. Now granted, I did quit being a fan last year for about 14 days, but that's doesn't matter Anymore.


I think I remember the spaces when you did it. It was like an emergency spaces They lost to San Jose. Yeah. And you kicked me out of the spaces. 'cause I wanted to talk NBA Do you want to talk NBA at all? I mean, they se the game one was incredible. Yeah, I I actually, I was rattled because I put it on whatever was going on. I was watching something and then I realized there was like 10 minutes left and they, they were probably what, down like 12 or 13 with 10 minutes left? Yeah, they were down 15 with like nine and a half minutes left. And I just like shut it off and then all of a sudden, I, I on Twitter, I saw it was going crazy. I'm like, what the fuck? And I checked the app. I was like, oh my God. That's what they do. They won that game so that they seem a little team of destiny too. I couldn't give a shit about that series.


I mean, that has to be one of the worst matchups for like tv. Now this is coming from somebody where Edmonton, Florida isn't, I don't think ripping in the ra the ratings for the NHL, but NBA is a disgrace, But we don't, I mean, we don't care about the rate. We're, we firmly don't care about the ratings podcast because we've said it before. There's never been a game. An incredible game I've watched and been like, man, I wish more people were watching this. Like afterwards being like, game five of No, I agree. Who cares Friday night being like, that was the best Stanley Cup final game I've watched. And then seeing the ratings on Saturday and being like, actually it wasn't that good. You guys are coming to game seven guys. You guys have to, you know what? I think all, All your listeners, everyone listening who love these guys, please get on them.


So you gotta go with wit to game seven. I'm such, You gotta, I'm such an Oilers believer that I don't think it's gonna get to seven. Oh, you think I thought they're Gonna, you think they're gonna win Now I'm root. Now I might, you might have actually found a way for us to root for the Oilers. If they get a series lead, I'm gonna be rooting for them to close it out so I don't have to go to Edmonton. I actually think though, like I want it for the content and hanging out. Itd Awesome. It would be Incredible. But I I think it would be like one of the coolest sporting experiences Life. Absolutely. Not just being game seven for the cup. Like you have to see this arena and what these people are like. They're maniacs. They're completely crippled four hours before the puck drops. I love that. And then there are lunatics in the rink the whole time. Imagine If I won the 50 50.


Oh It's gonna be, it was 8.9 million the other day. That's Incredible. 8.9 million. Oh My god. God. What's the difference Between, between that barn and, and Montreal? Because I loved, I loved going to the Canadians stadium. That was incredible. What a, a great environment up there. Yeah, we were talking about that whenever I was with you last. But it was, it Montreal's building is just a lot like kind of tighter and smaller. So it's, it's, it's incredible. I actually think that that's one and two in the league. And you could flip flop who's one and who's two, but it's very, very similar just on a larger scale, if that makes any sense. Yeah, I Just looked, by the way, there are no direct flights.


Well, you know what buddy? I'm coming from fucking Boston, dude. Yeah, but There's no direct force. What I'll do is we'll, we'll we'll meet in Denver and I think there's direct from Denver and Dan, I'm not going to say what the tickets you've sent me of how much You bet. Get a private jet for us. I'll fly to Chicago. We'll shoot up ton will Shoot home. Actually that could be a possibility. I that could You I'll split it with you Could be and Byre, I mean not pay. Now we're talking. Well Dave will pay for it. Okay. Fair Enough. Fair enough. Come on. Let's be honest here. Fair Enough. Dave's Enough, Dave. That would be a nice, a nice tight trip too. I feel like we could make that happen in, We could legit, I could fly into Chicago the night before We leave in the morning game seven right after the game we leave.


Yeah. Yeah. Unless the Oilers win. We like go to Mc David's house. Well, do you think he'd let us in? He won't let me in. So we're definitely not going in. Do you wanna talk a little us open real quick? Have you ever played Oakmont? I played Oakmont. Ooh, three years ago. The, the, the thing was the night before it rained like three inches. And the guy who was hosting us, we showed up. He is like the, this isn't the Oakmont Oakmont's all about the speed of the greens. Like I think this week they said they're gonna be rolling at like a 15 on the step meter, which for Nongo people is just Chinese. But basically 15 is like almost unplayable for a lot of people and they have the slope and they el the course was incredible.


They took down thousands of trees. I think at one point it was kind of treeline. Now it's almost link style, but an incredible test. And I think based on what I've been reading and seeing on Twitter, like we might have like a a over par winner for the, I don't, I don't love That. Yeah, that's what I love about The US Open. Can we, can we have somebody, one of your stat guys maybe look up the last time a major winner was over par? I know when Mickelson blew the US Open at Wingfoot years ago when Jeff Ogilvy won, he finished over par. It was Prince, but I want that it It was cock He was over par for That one. He was, I think he was plus one. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and, and Shinnecock and Oakmont are two of, I think there's five clubs that make up like the, what's the like basically like the, the the home of us golf.


I think it's the country club in Boston. Shinnecock. Oakmont. And I don't know the other ones, but somebody could look that up as well. And that just shows that it'll be just as hard as they could make Shinnecock Oakmont will be good English way. So, So it's gonna be, it's gonna be like super fast greens. Do they grow the rough out? Yeah. You know the, that's the new thing. They just, every guy makes the video of them dropping the ball in the rough, it disappears. I love, it's like, okay guys. Yeah, they go to Like the worst spot on the course and they throw it in the grass and they're like, where'd it go? And then you're like, But golfers like, they, they really seem to complain and hate when it's really difficult. I love it. But all these weeks they're always, you know, 1820 under to win a tournament.


Like give the fans one week of watching them look like how we always look. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We root for the course in the US open. Not only That, but I, I, I don't like watching like a golf tournament where it's like they get to a par five and like a birdie's a bad score. Like I wanna see them struggle. I wanna see them make like tough shots, difficult shots. You know, when like some of these tournaments, Scotty, he's, I had a par five and it's like, it's almost guaranteed he's going to hit an, an eagle. Yeah. Or, or bur Yeah. He'll have an eagle putt. Right. He'll have an eagle putt no matter what to Put or make it right. Yeah. I just, I I guess this year there's no like first cut. So you know, you got the fairway and then you got the rough. Well usually there's a layer a little above the fairway that's less than the rough that a lot of times if these, these guys miss by such small margins, it ends up in the first cut.


Well this just goes from fairway into whatever, five inch rough, whatever it is. So the fairways, you gotta hit 'em. That's why unfortunately Scotty may just walk away with this one too. Right. Because he just hits it so straight. But it it, it's very exciting for me to watch at a course I've played and like a course that we know can kind of beat 'em up a little bit. So I'm excited for that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean the fact that you played it, what did you shoot? Ah, God, 78, 79. Pretty good. I remember I played with Gu, Gustav Quist was in, we had eight guys and he came in and he shot even he plays, where's he playing now? Minnesota.


I don't even know. He's in the NHL. He, he, he's a great golfer. I was like, Jesus Christ, you shot even par out there. So amazing experience though. They're pro shops the size of the Chicago bar stool office. It was bananas. Do They have an ice cream machine? No, but I mean, that'll be, that thing's gonna be broken in what, four Days ago? Oh, what is that? It's working right now. What is that? Slobs. You slobs just wearing that thing down. That's just as hurtful as me rooting against McDavid. Why do you think I said it? Fair boy. We should get the boys doing like keg stands outta the ice cream machine. Oh. You see how waterboard yourself with ice cream? Oh yeah. The cold headaches. Just killing people. Yeah. Are are you thinking about picking any of us for your Ryder Cup team?


That's a great question. Wait, I might be good now. I saw you quit like 10 days ago. I did. I quit 10 days ago, but tough day at the Bev. It quit me back. Yeah. I had a tough day at the Bev, but then, you know, sometimes you get a calling and Hank is turning my game around as we speak. So I gotta do all The How do we do? Is it, does everyone have a, obviously like a ha do you have a handicap? No, no handicaps? No, no, no, no, no. It's no handicaps. You just pick like how we did it last time. It's just 12 guys. You just pick six, six guys a team and then you, and then you can do the matchups. But I, there's like, wow, some le there's some players, there's some really good guys and there's obviously like me and Jerry and I don't know t's better than me. Hank's better than me. But I'll probably be the last Pick.


Pft. And you should do like a one-on-one match for YouTube and he'll be pretty sick. I bet. Well, he'll beat me. But the last, last, last Ryder cup, remember PFT and I had a match And we just conceded, we conceded the whole match. We, because we Dar and Trent, we got addicted to conceding. Like we would, we would tee off and hit bad tee shots, be like, we can see this hole. It's a par five. It was, yeah. You weren't even in it, right? You didn't play. No, I wasn't, I wasn't there that year. Yeah, we, we, we did a, we they, we like stacked the matchups we're like, all right, PFT and Big Cat will lose to Trent and Arian. It's fine. We can con like we can lose this one. We, we, I think we tied him on the, we have them on the first hole and we're like, holy shit, we're about to shock the world. I'm gonna beat him on the first hole. And then, and then we, and then we just lost like nine holes in a row and just kept on conceding at, we'd like hit a driver and be like, all right, concede.


It's so funny. Concede so like, can here Let's have a drink. Yeah, let's have A drink. So it's funny, you can, you can look at my scorecard from Friday and you can see exactly when I cracked the first beer on the scorecard. Because you started playing better or worse. Way better. Yes, way better. So I went triple, double, triple and then par, par par par in a row. Just one beer. And that's the trick to golf. Really? You Made four pars in a row. Yeah. And that's the trick to golf is you have to, you have to find the, the perfect amount of being inebriated to be loosened up. But not so much like the golden zone, the golden ratio. If you can just stay like a little bit drunk for the entire round, then you can be great at golf. You can be like a pro.


You're speaking my language right now. Yeah. It's, it's amazing. You just gotta find, all of a sudden just your brain stops like thinking about your swing. Yeah. And positions you gotta be in. And what you gotta do to hit the ball straight. You just get up there, you're having fun swinging all of a sudden your money. And then, you know, after you're the next morning you're like, I, I'm way too hung over. Like I, I played golf. It's not like I went out. Right. I just Played round of Golf. Alright, I got one last question for you, Whit. This has been fun. We're gonna look at flights. We're gonna look at flights Rollback. Question. We're Golf you guys, we have to No. Now rooting for, to win in six. Are we lose very badly. Six. Losing six.


Let's Go Rollback dot com. Pro whoever's up in the series, I'm gonna start rooting for hard. So like, if you win game three, it's gonna be all Oilers. If, if the Panthers win, it's gonna be all Panthers. I I need to send in six and then, and then for the rest of my life I can be like, I would've gone. Rollback dot com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code. Take Hank. Do you have a golf question for for wit?


No, I mean I'm, I'm trying to, I'm working with PFT. You obviously have a lot of experience dealing with Sandbaggers. My goal with PFT for the internet invitational is, you know, for people to be mad at him sandbagging. What are, what are some like signs of, of a good sandbagger? Are you okay? He, he saw Billy strings this weekend. Weekend. We had a long weekend. He had the poison town. He had a good time. Oh my. How's your Saturday went? Fuck sleep at night. Jesus Christ. What? Listen, we only get, that's a good question. We only get two and a half months of summer in Chicago. He's, he's he's living it up. Wait, What's a sign of a sand? A a sign of a sandbagger.


Fuck. That's tough. I mean, sandbaggers are just like, you could, I actually think I can tell a sandbagger when you tell me you're handicap and then I watch you on the range. Really? Yeah. Like, unless you're the worst putter of all time and you are like three and four putt every hole. Yep. Like if you, you could tell somebody, oh, I'm a, I'm a 13 handicap. And then on the range you're like, ah, I don't know. He's hitting it like 2 60, 2 70. You know, he is taking divots with his irons. There's different signs where, you know, but when you say you're like a seven handicap, that's hard to tell because sevens actually can be very, very good and then be very, very bad.


Have, Have you ever gotten, has anyone sandbagged you where you were like actually mad about it? Oh yeah, for sure. But like now, like, so I have three, I have three boys now, so I don't play as much golf, so my handicap's gone up 'cause I'm not really good anymore. But I was good. But it was funny, I got down to a scratch, but I was a bad scratch. But now I'm a 3.3 or 3.2 and I'm a pretty good 3.2 there. You. So I'm like, wow, this is, you know what, do you know what I mean by that? Yeah, yeah. Like I, I, I rarely ever played to a scratch even though that was my handicap because I just post every score and the handicap works based on, they take the eight best of your most recent 20 scores.


So it's like, all right, like I had eight good rounds in the last 20 rounds, but the other 12 I was fucking horrible. So my handicap is way better than I actually am. Right. So I, I think that when you do, like now, I bet you there's like, I had a buddy who's like, dude, you're a three now. It's like, well buddy, I, I'm, I'm posting every score. I'm shooting 81 all the time, so I don't know what you want me to tell you. But then that day I shot 74, so. Right. It's very like calling someone a sandbagger is, is it's kind of, it's, you know, you don't wanna be known as that. No. Like that's, that's an ugly, especially 'cause I play in a lot of like, big money matches. So you really ca like, you're just, you can't do that. Like you're, you're a dirt bag.


You know what I mean? So How, how do you become a sand bagger? Is that if you go out and Oh people, what people do do is you badly On purpose, there's Dope or what they'll, what they'll, they don't post scores, which now like our club, like if you don't post the score, like you're getting an email like post your score, like just, just to kind of combat this stuff. But then what hap what happens is also, alright, you'll be playing two on two against somebody and your partner's in the hole. Like your partner has like five feet for birdie. Right. And you have 20 feet for par. Well I'll just three putt this one. 'cause it doesn't matter 'cause my partner already has our score for this hole. Then I get a double on this hole or triple. So like, true sandbaggers, they're, they're deranged.


'cause every little move they make is based on, on how to make sure their handicap never goes down. Is There a reverse sandbagger? Like, can I, there like, I'm a, I'm a 20 but I'm actually a 40. So when I was a a zero index, people be like, oh, he's a reverse bagger. And once again, it's like I'm posting every score. I know I'm not a true scratch golfer, but So the reverse bagger, they're the, they're the water cooler guys. They want, Hey, you play golf? Yeah, I play golf. What's your handicap? I'm a I'm a one. Yeah. Right. It's like, it's like, dude, but every reverse bagger, what happens? See, reverse bagging is way better than sandbagging though, because you're gonna lose money as a reverse bagger. Correct, correct. Right. And so reverse bagger, it's like you meet, you know, a reverse bagger and you're like, Hey, wanna play a money match to speak bud next week?


Hey, what about you? 'cause you're, and you just don't want 'em as your partner, I Might become a reverse bagger. I might just start posting fake scores and have myself as a scratch golfer. You, you, you could post around every day of you shooting four under and you'd be a scratch in a week or a month. And I, I'm, I'm really just like a, a 35 You're plus handicap. Yeah. You would love to golf with me. No, I'm, I, There's actually, there's a good Twitter follow, I don't know his name, but it, 'cause it pops up on like the algorithm. He is hunting down the biggest sandbaggers in the country. Oh, Awesome. Yeah. Is it Yip strickler Head. It's like, yep. Strickler. Yeah. Yip. Strickler. Oh, Dan, it's so funny. Like, I'm gonna follow He'll, he'll, and he gets the guy's pictures and then all of a sudden he's like, meet Greg.


Greg is a 13.4 index and this weekend his member guest shot 75 every round. It's like, oh, that's amazing. So I, I'm not gonna do any of the sandbagging. I am going to play more golf and just log as many rounds as I can. But like, if I'm playing, and obviously it would be beneficial to me if my handicap was higher, but I'm not gonna fuck with him. Just post every score and then you're Yeah. Lemme put on camera too. We're gonna, we're gonna film most of it so that people can go back and they can look. Do I, do I take GIMs if somebody concedes like a, a six foot putt, do I just pick that up? And I'm like, okay. I guess that's good. So in like certain matches, if you have a putt that's gonna show the guy putting for birdie on your team a line, like they'll give it to you. But that's kind of up to you.


A lot of reverse baggers. What they do is like, they, they take ev you know, your your, your score doesn't matter anymore. You got 10 feet. Hey dude, you're good. Like, I would then put it after because I want to know my real score. A lot of people pick those up and then they end up a one handicap. It's like, well dude, you, you, you picked you taking gimmicks. Yeah. You picked up five, 10 footers that round. Yeah. This is so funny. I'm following him right now. I just started following him. This is, I feel so awesome. I watched a, it's hilarious. This is going after everyone. He fi He's finding them to the game. I watched a great YouTube video the other day of he, what's the name of that guy that wears like the glasses and the funny bucket hat all the time? He's some like Australian guy, but he ba basically teaches you how to break a hundred just by making every par four actually a par five.


A par five. And every par five is really a par seven. And he is like, if you just change these numbers around, then you can break a hundred. And then you watch that and you're like, oh shit. Yeah. It's actually easy to do If you, if you don't three putt and you don't take penalty shots. So like, don't hit it in the water. I do both of those things. I well, I know and it's like, people say, don't do that and you'll break a hundred. Your score will drop by crazy amounts. It's so much easier said than done. But three puttings nuts. And then if you wanna get good at golf, number one I'd say is get good from a hundred yards and in. 'cause then all your bad drop. All right. So if you could, if you could pretty much most of the time from a hundred yards and in get in the hole in three shots, you know, like you're gonna, your scores are gonna get lower so much quicker.


And then when you hit the bad drives, alright, I'll punch it out and then I'll hopefully hit it on and two putt. It's just golf's fucked though. Golf is golf's the hardest sport in the world. It drives you insane. Just when you think you got it, you stink. Just when you think you'll never be good again, you're good Again. It's just nuts. You, you drive it good. You can't put, you put it great, you can't drive it. Very rarely does it all come together. My mental game has gotten I think stronger where I used to get so mad and now it's like I'm more enjoying just being out there. 'cause I'm not, I used to play guys, I was playing, when I started playing golf, I was playing at least eight rounds a week. So one day would be 30.


Yeah, that's So much golf. What a Legend. I was, I was still playing. I put, I was playing for Anaheim. So 2000, like nine, 10 I started playing and I would, I was like a 15 and I would play 36 1 day, if not two. And every other day, minimum 18, sometimes 27. And for, for, for like nine years guys. I did That. That's incredible. And, and then Would You have time to do that, like in the league as an active player? Well, every, I, I was, I was never in the playoffs After Pittsburgh. And then, and then I would just come, I'd be home by, you know, end of April and I'd leave for camp September 10th and every day I had no kids, no wife.


I was, I was guys, I was obsessed. Obsessed. Like insanely obsessed with golf. It was crazy. I still am, but it's just life's, life's changed, you know? Yeah, Yeah. Alright, wait, you're the best. All right guys, hopefully we see you. Great chat. Yeah. Game game. Seven seven. Game seven. We'll see you Ryder Cup. Either way. So game seven. No, No, no, no. I'll see you game seven. Yeah. Summer. I need this to end in six. Bye guys. All right, see ya.


Ryan. Whitney was brought to you by the league. You're busy. We get it. You don't need another app. That feels like a second job at a time when everyone is endlessly scroll scrolling. Everyone's clamoring for attention. The most precious, irreplaceable asset isn't money, it's time. And we refuse to waste yours because in a world of too much, the rarest thing you can have is exactly what you want. The league sends you a tight curated batch of profiles daily, no noise, no fluff, just people with real ambition and real energy to match yours with one of the highest match rates in the industry. And not to mention the best male to female ratio. If that's your cup of tea, your odds of landing great dates just get a whole lot better. All members are peer reviewed before joining so your pool stays sharp. This isn't about exclusivity, it's about efficiency and quality. You're not here to collect matches. You're here to make the one that matters more isn't better, better is better. So if you're ready to date where your time matters, this is your move. Download the league today for free and message hashtag p mt pound PMT to your in-app concierge. And you skip the line and you get reviewed first. That's with the league. Download the league right now.


Ryan Whitney was also brought to you by Experian. Experian. We're gonna take a moment to talk about BFFs. We got BFFs. Everyone has your BFF in the whole world. Max. Your BFF is memes. Zach, who's your BFF, Memes as well also memes. My, I was gonna say memes too Big Cat, who's your bff? You. Oh, that's nice. Hank. Who's your B fff? Memes. Memes. Yeah, memes. A very popular guy on the show. Everyone's got their BFFs. There's one B Fff who always looks out for you. Introducing your big financial friend Experian. Experian has a bunch of legit ways to help you save and get this, the Experian app lets you check your FIO score and a bunch more totally b, f, F kind of things to help you manage your finances. But your other BFFs can't do all that. Huh? Experian is here to support you and making smart financial decisions and maximizing your financial potential. Get started by download the Experian app at no cost and let your big financial friend help you take control of your financial future. Get started by downloading the Experian app today.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. We alluded to this earlier, but there was a story runaway zebra recaptured in Tennessee County, ed ed. And he got, he got, he got helicopter lifted. He Got airlifted out. Yeah, I don't, so I wish Ed probably had the best week of his life. Yeah, I mean he was a week. He was probably, he was gone for a week. He was gone for six days. Oh, I'm pulling it up. He was probably Super confused when he was getting airlifted. Yes, absolutely. Because He had him sitting upright like he was in a chair. Alright, so the search for a runaway pet zebra that had evaded capture for nearly a week in Rutherford County, Tennessee came to an end. The Ruthford County Sheriff's Office, which had been searching for the animal that residents named Ed said in a statement on Sunday that the Zebra had been recaptured and returned to its owner.


So I guess he got the owner of the zebra whose identity has not been released, got the animal on May 30th. What he had it for less than a day before it escaped the next morning That that guy wasn't ready to get a zebra. I don't even think that counts as having a zebra. No. If you have it for one day, how does zebra escaped or why the man owned it was still not immediately clear, but dispatchers received a report on May 31st that a zebra had been spotted di darting in traffic on Interstate 24. This is the first zebra to escape in Ruthford County as far as I know. In the 43, 3 years I lived here, a woman said a spokeswoman for the sheriff's office. That's awesome. What If it had gotten out and like run across the border to Kentucky and seen like a, a thoroughbred horse farm?


Yeah. And just been like, let's bang. And then they made the fastest horse ever. That would be Sick. I'm guessing the reason the zebra escaped. I'm gonna go out on limb and say the, the zebra as a rookie zebra owner, the fences were too short. Yeah. Or maybe no fences. Maybe No fences because He, if he escaped in a day, it might not have been fences. Yeah. Just put like a collar on him. Yeah. This this guy Ed though. I he should have been what? A, he had an, oh shit, there he is running on the side of the highway. It's pretty cool. That is awesome. Oh no. Oh no. Oh, he tripped. Oh, ed not good with your feet, bro. Oh, he is just like, he's just cruising through a neighborhood, the Suburbs. That's awesome. Good for Ed. Yeah, ed had a great time.


Let Ed back free. Let Ed just be the zebra of, of Tennessee A free ed. Do you remember that story about the Ohio zookeeper that Oh yeah. That offed himself. Oh yeah. But before he offed himself, he let all of his animals out. Yeah, That was, that was fucked up. That was, they killed all the animals. They had to shoot all the animals. Yeah. Yeah. All right, well we want Ed to, to get back to being somewhere. Don't let him, don't return him to this guy. Why did they put him in? Like why did they airlift him? Why didn't they just tranquilize him and put him in the back of a trailer? I think They drive and they just like, I think they probably met him and it was like, ed is a cool ass dude. We wanna give him a nice rod. I think if you have a horse harness for a helicopter, you have to use it at some point. Yeah. Are you so some guy already had that and was like, we, we gotta bust it out.


Are You allowed to have a Pet Zebra? I don't see why not. Right. It's Not like a, they're not endangered. Yeah, They're, they just look cool And they're, yeah. It's probably no different than having a horse except for the fact that they're zebras. Yeah. Why can't you have a, they go 40 miles per hour Good for zebras. So horses are faster. Alright. Fastest recorded zebra, 43.97 miles. Oh no. That's fastest recorded horse. But they've never, they've never bred zebras to be fast. That's true. They're all wild. That's true. Yeah. Why can't, why can't zebras be like race horses? That's what I'm saying. Like, why can't we just have zebras chilling? Like zebras are doing all this, not even knowing that they're supposed to race.


Right. Wouldn't be sick. So if we bred them to be like thoroughbred horses, what A story that would be if a zebra was competing for the Triple Crown, That would be a great movie match. That would be a great movie By the way. That would be a great movie. The, the, the Triple Crown just is ruined. Yeah. I mean Sovereignty winning the Belmont, which should have been him winning the Triple Crown and having it go again. Journalism for Sovereignty. It just sucked. I was pissed. I watched it. I lost, maybe if I had won money on it, I would've been happier, but yeah, they ruined the Triple Crown. Yeah. Alright, before we do numbers, Zach Pub stomping this weekend. How'd it go? The pub stomp didn't go. Great man.


So I started off Diamond two, which is like a decent in the rank, not GM yet. Diamond two, we're all the way back down in into Plat, losing about 20 points a game. What's gm Grandmaster would be, it's a second. So you have, you got Bronze, silver, gold, plat, diamond, grandma Celestial is like the ranking system. So I started off decently in Diamond. Now we're back in Plat. It's not going good. Yeah. The team up are overpowered. Last night it was playing my, with my, with my friend Hunter. We lost probably about six straight and then he goes to play a game without me and he wins just because of the Sharknado. So like, Wait, he had the Sharknado on his side? He had it On his team? Yeah. Oh, So he's like Becoming everything that he hates.


Everything He hates. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Did you get, did you get mad at him for winning with that? No, I, I, I double tapped the message. I was like, glad to see you get a win at the end. But you don't wanna win like that. Yeah. Right. You wanna beat 'em at their best and that's not right. It's cheating in the game. Have, have You heard from anybody at the, at the video game company? N not at all. No. Nobody from the video game company. I've heard from quite a few people letting me know they would smurf with me. Like some hitters, some heavy hitters in the game. Oh, Come on Zack. That Just feels dirty. I But maybe just to feel it once, just be Like, like a taste you think? Yeah, just a taste. Yeah. There are some Hitters. Let let an aw l Smurf smurf for you. I just might, I was, I didn't do it but I thought about it. Yeah, because they were sending some stats over. I was like, oh these guys are, They're gonna come. What? You hate those? Yeah, but just for a taste.


Zack, Zach. I Haven't done it. He's the devil on your shoulder. Hank's the angel. Don't Do it. I haven't done it yet. Okay. Some of those stat lines look enticing though. Some of boys Are absolutely surfing is like heroin. Someone hit you up and was like, look at my numbers. And they were cooked. Celeste send some stat sheets and they were maybe not Celeste, but they were like that and Grandmaster. Oh They were like that. Some of the boys. Yeah. What about your mom? Is she, did she listen on Friday? Thankfully, no. Okay. So we're good. Alright. So that's, that's good. How Much, how much fast food do you have this weekend? Not that much fast food. I did. Pizza doesn't count. Nope. I agree. And then I agree it takes a while. And just snacks at the house On today too.


That was it. So no fast food walk? No fast food. Just are You saying this because your mom might be listening? What'd you have for dinner Friday? No. So sausage pizza I think was Friday and Saturday. I might Be wrong. No, Friday was leftover. Spaghetti meatballs. Okay. Saturday was sausage pizza Sat Saturday was sausage pizza. And then today I just did like some Lunchables and corn dogs. That's so fast. Food. Corn dogs. Yeah. I did a lot of walking today. So then I got home just ripped a Lunchable and some Corn do. Yeah, Zach told me, I said, did you go outside this week weekend? And he said, yeah, I did a little urban hiking. And I was like, oh, where'd you go? He said to the target. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. Mile down. Mile back. Not too bad. Yeah. Not bad. That's Nice.


Where'd you pick up Ice cream cones There. We Where then you walked a mile back with the ice cream cones? Yeah. Were they melty when you got back? No. No, no, No. Not at all. But the, I will say walking with those. Wait, no no. You got the empty ice cream cones. There was no ice cream in em. Yeah. Oh my bad. Yeah. Yeah. Empty ice cream cones. No, That's on me. Yeah. Yeah. It's my fault. No, that's, I was melting now. I was sweating. That's my Fault. Alright, good Show boys. Wednesday we got Turk, Scobel and maybe a mystery guest. Let's do numbers three. Three. I think I got that one. I think that one's Hank. But Memes, he's calling it for mees.


What Memes You have to give PFT and Hank numbers though. Give them, give 'em numbers. They can pick, pick numbers for 'em. 'cause it was that close. No, I think Hank got It. No, no, you got it. You got it. But just give, give, give Hank I don't like this. I don't like Give Hank and PFT numbers. Hank will get 52 mm PFT 60 on. Okay. Okay. Whoa. All right. Love it. That would be tough. Yeah, that would be real talent. Do It from God. He's also mem ah, the pressure's turning up for memes because Zach getting it would ruin him or Jack. Nah. Or nah. I like, I like Zach. He'd get it. Yeah. Alright. Who else? What do we got?


I'm gonna go 43. Happy Pride. Can we do a quote card of that meme saying we do 88? Zach could get it. Yeah. Shows up. 99 Post Shows up wearing some of these 12. Oh boy's going to get it. Two. That might be my favorite internet video of all time. Oh boy. 20 one's gonna get it. I'm gonna put it on it. 6 0 6 beeps. Did you get six last time? Yeah. Oh no, That's my backup number.


Oh. Oh, Your backup. So like, if Hank had gotten, That's what I went on too. Sweet. So Yeah, if Hank had gotten three, you would've taken six. Would you have taken six? Because you Would've taken six? Yeah. Man, I, I'm pretty sure I'd beat You too. That's on Pug. Whatever side deal you Guys got going on. Backfired. That's brutal. Memes. The vibes just felt like memes. Got it. Yeah. But do you realize that that ruling, he would've gotten it. I mean this is first choice, right? Yeah, I know, but he, if, if you had said Hank, which I think Hank actually did, like, when we listen back, it's going to probably show that Hank had his mic spike. And then if Hank gets it, which would've been the correct call by you?


Pug. Memes. Guesses. Six. And the number six memes would've got it. Wow. What a moment that would've been. Oh man. It is your fault. It's my bad dude. My bad. Oh, memes is gonna kill pug. This is two times, two times by pug. You got your number. It is two times. You wanna go one more time? Memes. It's a pattern. It's a pattern. Memes. You wanna go one more time? I don't know. I'm I'm not gonna get it. No, you can, you can get it right now. Numbers straight. 6 6 77 44. All right. I have six. See, I'll take, I'll take 69. Okay. Nine. Nine. Pug 34. Come on. 34.


21. Oh, 66. Oh, I thought that was 99 5. God, I thought that was 69. Oh, that'd been 99. P Dove been so good. Oh, so good. You're never gonna to get it.