
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, Ohio State wins the National Championship College football season is finally done. We'll talk about that game. Marcus Freeman. We might need to talk to him about numbers. We have some coach hiring Ben Johnson to the Bears. Aaron Glenn to the Jets memes as it happened. Maybe we have no, maybe. Okay. Memes told me at 2:00 PM it was gonna be official. It is now 3:00 PM Okay, so Hot Seat.


Cool throne. We have our good friend Ryan Fitzpatrick on the show talking about the Championship Sunday games. And then we also have our good friend Stave Stave baby, talking about the Ravens. He did. Hi. He's doing his duties coming on the show after another Heartbreaking Loss.


It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Have you played pick six from DraftKings yet? What are you waiting for? You better get on it. The playoffs are here and time is running out. As the official daily fantasy sports partner of the NFL DraftKings does fantasy sports like no one else play for better payouts on pick six. It's super easy to get started. Download the DraftKings. Pick six app. Select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat with Will. Will a quarterback throw For more than two touchdowns will a running back rush for less than a hundred yards or a linebacker have more than one sack. It's just that easy. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. And DraftKings making it even sweeter for the first timers. New pick six customers play $5. Get $50 in, pick six credits. Win more cash on Pick six. Download the DraftKings Pick six app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5. Get $50 in. Pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age in eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withable. Pick six credits that expire in 30 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football. They like me back and I like them back. And guys that don't like football mean they try to avoid me to get Football. Football. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Win more cash on pick six. Download the DraftKings. Pick six app use code.


Take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5, get $50 in, pick six credits only on DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, January 22nd. And the Ohio State Buckeyes are national champions. And Ryan Day, The national chat Champions. Yeah, the national championship. Ryan Day has saved face and they, even though the scoreboard looked a little closer, they dominated most of that game. Let Notre Dame back in. But Ohio State has done it. $20 million roster. Incredible team won blemish on the record. Otherwise they, you know, kicked the shit. I mean they kicked the shit out of everyone in the playoffs. Texas was a, was a closer game, but Two blemishes, right?


Yeah. Well, yeah. The Oregon game by one. Yeah. In in Tsen. And then they avenged it by a lot by, by a ton. That one doesn't really count as much, but yeah, Ohio State was an awesome team and they played awesome football down the stretch. And the new 12 team playoff, we finally have our first national champion from it. So Let's look at the rest of the top 25 that just came out. Okay, number two, Notre Dame. Okay. Beat them. Number three, Oregon amped them. Yep. Number four, Texas Beat slash w. Them. I don't, I Don't count as a whomping Wamp. If you look at the final score beat, if you watch the game, if You watch the game, it was Texas had a chance to tie it very with two minutes left.


Yeah. Penn State Beat them Beat Slash not Wamp beat them. They beat em by seven. They Beat a lot of really good teams. Yeah. And they had a very tough path to go through this playoff. You can't point to Ohio State and say anything about asterisk, Mickey Mouse, whatever. They were the best team in this playoffs. Yeah. Best team they got. They do have that big expensive roster, but to their credit, most of those guys, most of the money from the roster is going to guys that state around. Yeah. So it was like, Hey, come back to OSU instead of trying to declare for the draft. We'll pay you some money while you're here. They did make a big addition on safety, obviously, but it's a, yeah, it's a team that's been there for a long time and credit to them that what a, what a crazy season Ohio State had. Yeah.


I mean if you, if you had asked anyone at the end of November, like, is this team to go on a run and do what they did in the playoff? I obviously it was there somewhere deep down, but you also were like, they're on the ropes because what happened against Michigan was insane. But man, they, that four game stretch that they went through there, they were so good and they're just a really, really, really good football team. Ryan Day proved the haters wrong in the fact that he can win a national title. Will Howard happy for Will Howard? Because I know that I, I've not been the number one will Howard Rider. I, I think he's a good quarterback. I didn't know if he was a great quarterback. He was playing great. I mean that, that play at the end where Ohio State in fourth quarter, I think we all watched it.


We, you know, the first three quarters are like Notre Dame shouldn't be on the field with Ohio State. Notre Dame gets a fumble goes and scores they get back in the game they're fighting, which they deserve a ton of credit for. And then Ohio State has the ball up eight at the end of the game. And it looked like they were kind of turling a little bit running the, you know, just will Howard right into the line and hoping to punt and, and be okay. It was Like, give the ball to Will Howard. Don't even let him pitch the ball. Don't let him hand the ball off. Yeah. Don't let him throw the ball. Don't even let him get tackled. Just give the ball, snap the ball to Will Howard have him run to the right and fall down. Yeah. And then they call up the play the 50 yard pass of Jeremiah Smith. That was gutsy, ballsy. And Chip Kelly. Chip Kelly was in his bag that, that, that first touchdown on Jeremiah Smith was one of the coolest plays where he had the whole side of the field completely wide open in a shorty yardage situation.


It was, I think it was on like the 10 yard line. It's six. But yeah, that was a ballsy, that was a ballsy gutsy call. And Ryan Day proved that he's not gonna piss down his legs and he's the national champion forever. That that call to Jeremiah Smith was the same call, kind of as they, they did, I think to Tony in the Super Bowl where you move your guy in motion, have him fake, like he's gonna run a reverse or jet sweep or something like that. Send him back out and he's gonna be a step ahead in a shorty yard situation. Get him the ball. It works all the time. Well it's a great call, but it's also a testament to Jeremiah Smith and how insanely athletic he is because if you watch that play and how he's able to stop on a dime, no one else has that stop and start that he does. So even if you play it perfectly and you're tracking him, you're still gonna lose on that play.


And then, and yeah, he's, he's an incredible talent. And Then when Notre Dame was tracking him across the field, he goes in motion and there's two guys that are like, oh fuck, he's in motion. Yeah, I gotta start running as fast as I can. And then boom, left it wide open. Stop on that last, that last series of the game for Ohio State when they're going down the field and they're, they're doing the conservative shit with, with Will Howard just give him the ball? Do you think that Chip Kelly decided to do that? To set up the deep shot? He's like, make them think that we're getting conservative and then that's going to open it up. No, I just assumed that deep shot was probably an option play for Will Howard, where it was like, Hey, get to the line. If, if Jeremiah Smith is one-on-one on the outside with no safety help, that's where you should go.


If he is, if if they're playing something else, they're playing zone or something else, then probably just run it again into the line and we'll hope our defense can get a stop. That's what I thought last night. Then I woke up this morning and I thought to myself, did Chip Kelly just fake out all of America? Because we all bought into the narrative of Ohio State getting too conservative and just kind of pissing away the game at the very end. He might've just fooled everybody and said, we're gonna make you think that we're doing that. Yeah. And then bomb it deep. The, the very first drive of the game for Notre Dame. Mm. Did you think it was gonna be a game after that? I thought it was a perfect start because it was a 10 minute touchdown drive. I did not think that it was sustainable for Riley Leonard to carry the ball nine times on a 10, 10 minute drive and get the absolute shit kicked out of him time and time again.


Yeah. But I like if you ask, if you ask Notre Dame fan, what's the perfect drive? Obviously maybe not Riley Leonard getting nine carries, but what's the perfect, the perfect drive to start? It's 10 minutes bully ball completely erased the first quarter and score a touchdown. They did. They erased the first quarter. Yeah. But then Ohio State gets the ball and they score in like three minutes. Right. And then you're like, what was all that work for? Yeah. Right. So I mean Ohio State was just a better team. And, and, and I thought, I said going into it, I was like, if Notre Dame can be plus two or three on the turnovers, they will have a shot. I think they were plus one. So they needed a couple more of those. They, they really couldn't. It was a bad, it was a bad fit for Notre Dame in the fact that they play man coverage a lot. And that's what Ohio State just absolutely eats alive.


And they were trying to switch to zone and it's just like, they didn't really feel like they had the answers to all the problems that Ohio State's offense was throwing at them. And Ohio State's defense is elite. I mean, Jeremiah love was, what do you have four carries? Yeah. Like he, I mean he, they they're just an elite, elite defense top to bottom. And they're, They were never able to really run the ball. Yeah. Outside, outside of that first drive where they went like all gas, no brakes. That doesn't mean that you can't steer. Right. And they didn't. They just were gonna crash into everybody. And then Jeremiah love was just not part of the game at all Actually. Yeah. Yeah. So, and, and Notre Dame, like I said, Notre Dame deserves credit for fighting because I think we all were in the same boat. Like this sucks is a dud. They did put a a little bit, now did he get hurt?


'cause he had four, four rushes for three yards. He might've gotten hurt, I bet on him. I was monitoring him very closely. I don't know if he got hurt or not. Riley, Leonard had 17 rushes. But I credit to Notre Dame for making it a game there at the end where it was like you had to at least be paying attention when they cut it to eight now, or sorry, they cut it to five and then, and then they, Ohio State kicked the field goal. Our guy Marcus Freeman, who we like, great coach, incredible run. I do think Notre Dame's future is very bright and they'll be back in this spot. They've got, you know, a good quarterback coming in, all these things. I don't know what he was doing with that field goal kick.


I was shocked. So for people who didn't watch the game, I'm assuming everyone watched the game. Notre Dame was down 16 with nine minutes left on the nine yard line. And he brought out the field goal unit, missed the field goal 'cause they rushed him out, but trying to make a two score game, a two score game. And there were some people who were like, oh, well now Notre Dame can win with two touchdowns if they hit this field goal. It still didn't make sense because you were saying you needed with nine minutes left, you needed two full touchdown drives and two stops of Ohio State. I would always take trying to get nine yards over that. Yeah. And they're like, well what about the two point version? I still like, you have to play.


If, if you kick that attempt, that field goal, you have to play a perfect end of the game to have everything go your way to have a chance to even win that game. I'm gonna Play devil's advocate for Notre Dame. It would be Jesus Christ advocate. Yeah. For Notre Dame. Did you see the plays that they were calling and how effective they were earlier in that situation? Yeah. I I, I still don't, they, it Looked, I I'm playing advocate real quick. They didn't even sniff the end zone. Yeah. They were getting overpowered. It didn't look like they had a hope on fourth down of scoring a touchdown. It would basically be throw the ball up, hope that somehow a miracle happens. You come down with it. It was not, although their, their two point plays were really good. This was, you know, it would've been a nine yard touchdown, but they didn't look like they were in rhythm at all to score touchdown on that.


So Marcus Freeman was probably just like, yeah, you know what? Screw it. Let's just take some points here. But then in that situation, you have to still go down the field twice. Right. And Score touchdown and get two stocks. I, I hated the field goal call. I thought it was bad, but I thought that probably had something to do with it. If they had, if they were close on one of their previous plays, if they looked like they ran a play that worked out anywhere, you know, near what they had practiced, they probably would've been like, yeah, okay, let's take a shot at the end zone. But it was just, it was a bad series. Yeah. We gotta talk math with them. It's just two score game to a two score game. I don't know. You just, you got a chance there. I, I still would let rather take, figure out your best play and if you don't get it, okay, but at least you, you went out on your sword, bring out the field goal kicker and rushing them out and having them miss the kick was just the worst possible Scenario.


Yeah. It was karma. Yeah. And then I saw people posting the, the stats of whether or not you should go for it with the plus minus was, and it was a toss up, but I'm pretty sure that on those tossups they don't take into account the two point conversion too. Yeah. Like Obviously if you're down by 16 then it's not the same as being down by 14. Right. In that model, what is the National championship? It's a national championship. Yeah. I think you gotta, you gotta go for it. You gotta go for it. You gotta be aggressive. You gotta just go. You, I mean, again, you just, and and what ended up happening was Ohio State, you know, ended up getting another field goal to make it a two score game again. But it's just like, I dunno, you just gotta go for it there. You gotta, I know it sucks. I know your offense had no real answers, but you gotta go for it.


And I, Ohio State. Yeah. I mean they incredible season Ryan Day. Is he gonna get a contract extension. I was gonna ask you, do you think Ryan day's job is safe? Mm. I would say it's safe. Yeah. Probably. But how do we think Ohio State fans like this is one of those things where you're national to champions and it's awesome, but it's still gotta probably bother you that Michigan fans are like, but you couldn't beat Us. That's the thing. Like I've listened to a lot of sports talk today and every single time I've been hearing somebody talk about Ohio State, when they bring it up within two sentences, the word Michigan is used. Right. And that's, I it's not an asterisk. You guys won the national championship. Ohio State was the best team in college football.


I don't think that you can argue that they were the best. They proved it through a tournament. They beat all the other top ranked teams in the tournament crazy route that they took. But people are always gonna say Michigan after they talk about this title. And you have to just Embrace that if you're Ohio State and say, yeah, yeah, we, we experienced the lowest low that you could possibly have for our team during a season. And then we responded And we were better than everybody in the country And they might not win the national title if they don't lose to Michigan. Like there's a world where that might've galvanized them and refocus them. And they, they did change, you know, how they ran the ball. Some of their play calling, you know, letting, letting will Howard, you know, throw it deep to Jeremiah Smith more so there, there is that world that like that was actually the thing that pushed them to win a national title.


They probably would've won it anyway. But it also hurts because the, what you know, Ryan Day, urban Meyer and then Woody Hayes. Woody Hayes, the most famous probably in football lore of all the Ohio State coaches has a famous quote, you can't claim a national championship without winning the game. The only meaningful statistic is the number of times you beat Michigan. That's probably 'cause it had never happened before. Well, and also it was a different world where you literally would just claim national titles. Yeah. It's ours. Yeah. And you technically, like you probably can't because if you have one loss, you can't claim a national title. So what we're saying, it's a different world. And Woody Hayes, he co-signs on this co National Champions, Michigan and Ohio State, Michigan, Ohio State.


What this Has really done is this is just the ultimate buildup to that game next year. Oh My God. Can't, it's gonna be incredible. Can't I can't wait. That's and Big 10 is kind of where football lies now. Two in a row. And it's, I mean, I know there's the theory that now that the schools in in the north can start paying everyone over the table, it's, it, it, it makes it a little bit different than what was happening in the SEC. But if you're an SEC fan, you gotta be like shit. And it's very cool. It's cool for sports just in general that Michigan went out, had a 15 and oh season and then that game happened where Michigan beats Ohio State and Ohio State, like both of the premier programs in the Big 10 just put their nuts on the table and went back to back titles.


It is, it is kind of crazy. Yeah. It's good for football, great for football, you know what's not good for football was having that game last night. Yeah. That was bad. Yeah. No, it should be, it should be January 10th should be the latest. They played the national Champ. We didn't, we didn't feel like it was even college football season anymore at that point. It was like, oh yeah, the most important game of all is tonight. We forgot. Yeah. You can't have it. You can't have four NFL teams left and still not have a national title champion for college football. Yeah. It just feels weird. It feels off. It's stupid. It was cool seeing those two schools on the field though, for a national title. Yeah. And credit to Ohio State. They were, they were an incredible, incredible team. And at their best, they're up there like, I think they could take anyone, but in Ryan Day, I'm happy that he can still live without like having his house be TPed and people calling and, and harassing him.


He's got a little bit back. Although there's probably gonna be some crazy Ohio State fans are like, that wasn't Enough. Maybe just order pizza to his house. If He loses to imagine if he does this again next year. If he loses to Michigan then wins another national title. Not Just his thing. I saw People having to debate like, how many losses in a row would you take to Michigan for one national title? What, what's the math on that? But that, that's more interesting. Like how many national titles in a row would you want to win losing to Michigan every year? Because if you're Ohio State this year, you're like, fuck yeah, I'll take that deal. Yeah. With the national champions. If it happens again next year, then you're like, okay, yeah, pretty cool back to back. But then if it's every, I think maybe by three you're like, I would just like to beat Michigan. Yeah.


I brought this up after they lost to Michigan and you guys both told me if you gave them that deal, they'd all say no Be, I mean the the what to lose to Michigan every Year. You said, like you said, you said they, you say, fuck yeah, I take that deal. You lose to Michigan. Win the national title after they lost to Michigan. I was like, if they win the national title does not matter. Like no, it, it doesn't matter 'cause they lost to Michigan. I think It's, yeah, I think it's still so like I'm saying before the season if you had given them that deal, they would've said no. I think there's some Ohio State fans that would be like, we, we we wanna beat Michigan. I think after that Michigan game No, But before the season. Yeah. You said you're gonna lose to Michigan, but win the national title. I Think there's some Ohio State fans After they lost the Michigan, you guys both told me that they would've said, we will not take that deal.


We have to beat Michigan. Yeah. I think I, I'd also like to say, What do you think it is now though, now that they've actually won the titles? I Think they gotta beat Michigan next year. I, I think I was wrong right after to say that you would not take the deal. I think that after the fact it felt so low for them. But the way that it's, it's played out and the way that they like battled back from that. I've changed my mind. I think that Ohio State fans are like just as proud of this season as they are of, of a lot of their others where they do beat Michigan. I so I think I was wrong about that hand up, but that doesn't mean that there isn't a shit load of ammunition for people out there to fire back. Whenever you talk about the, that's gonna, that's gonna be the story of this, this championship for like the rest of your lives.


When you say, yeah, we won this game, we won the national title. There will be somebody that says Yeah but you lost to Michigan. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I I think that rivalry matters to such an insane point to those fans that as awesome as his national title was and it's awesome. There's just a small part of him like, damn, that Michigan game really did suck. And that, that we know that like in the workings of the rivalry, if you know Michigan fans, if you work with Michigan fans, you have friends of Michigan fans, like they'll always just bring it up and they always kind of got that on you. 'cause that's just how college football now you could say that this is also probably what PFT was saying, like probably an overreaction to that game. It also is an overreaction to the, the way the new 12 team playoff works.


'cause in, in all years past, in the hundred plus years of that rivalry, if Ohio State loses that game, they don't have a chance to win a national title. This was literally the first year where this possibly could happen. That's What I was saying with Woody Hayes. Yeah. Yeah. It's like he said that because it couldn't Happen. Yeah, they chose. Yeah, they chose. Yeah. You can't claim it. So this is the new normal a little bit, which I'll, I'll hand up. I I've seen people argue this point when they argue against a 12 team playoff that some of the rivalries games can maybe have a little bit of a diminished meaning because of that. That does suck a little bit that you can go and lose to your rival and then still go win a national title like that. That has never happened in college.


Like I was thinking about the, the kick six. Yeah. Alabama would've probably went and won a national title. So Start that game would've meant nothing that The, the lost in Michigan. Truly the start of the championship. DVD. Yeah. Yeah. But it was, it was a great football season. College football season. Gotta do it earlier though. How good does that Indiana loss to Ohio State? Look now, huh? Yeah. Well they lost by a decent amount. Yeah. Yeah. Sign Netti. Sign Netti. And he, yeah, he only lost by 10 in Notre Dame. Yeah. He Kicks people's asses. Yeah. Okay. Any other last college football thoughts? Penn State next year, max Penn State should be good next year. No, I'm just saying we went Michigan.


Yeah. Ohio State. I Was just, I was looking at the best part of when a college season ends. You got to look at the way too early. Top 25. Oh, next year. Penn State number three. Penn State number three. Who's won? Ohio State? Ohio State number two. Texas. Okay. Yeah. Makes sense. Give give us the top 10. Notre Dame number four. Okay. Georgia number five. Yeah. Oregon six. Yeah. Clemson seven. Yeah. LSU eight BYU nine. And South Carolina 10. I think you could just According to EPN Yeah, you Could have pulled that outta your ass like at any point in the last four years and just put those teams Together. South Carolina's a little bit of a wild part Now. Yeah, you gotta have a like BYUU.


Yeah. Mix it up a little bit. LSU I'm sure that'll end well. Congrats To Ohio State though. Okay. What else we got? Any coach hirings? Well, There was also the tragic golf cart accident. Oh yeah. In the tunnel afterwards. When that lady was driving Ryan Day, who else was in that golf cart? I think Will Howard was in there. Will Howard was in there. And the lady, she just drives directly into the wall. Couldn't See it. Couldn't see the wall came outta nowhere. Yeah, exactly. It wasn't painted yellow or anything. It was a hazard. She drove directly into it. She was probably a Georgia alumni. Yeah. But yeah, it was a very, very funny watch her steer bang. She just didn't See the wall. Ohio State coaches and golf carts name a better duo. Always works.


Yeah. That's that's brutal. I mean, she drove It in so bad you couldn't even reverse it. That's, that's when you really felt Like it was. Yeah, the cops had to come and they just started walking. They're like, all right, nevermind. We're outta here. It does rock to be able to just ride around golf. Course. She admit. That's my dream. I don't know. You, you want her to release a statement? I would Like, how did she even think for The record, Hank wants to know, so make sure to follow her on Instagram. Hank what is her Instagram? 'cause Hank would like to follow her for the statement. Yeah. Link me up. Link 'em up. I'll do some journalism. Okay. What, what else we got? Anything else? Some coaching hires. Oh really? Who got hired? You said the Jets. Oh wait, it's three o'clock.


Yeah, after three. It's after three. Congratulations Big Cat. On what? Ben Johnson? I'm staying a six outta 10. That's Such a lot. Yeah. Such a lot. That's the first thing I, when So Big cat's, not a six outta 10 because I was in the gambling cave and the first thing Big Cat says to me is like, the Bears just got Ben Johnson. Yeah. He Big Cat is all the way back. No, I'm six outta 10. I don't blame me. He's a, there's Still a lot of work to be done. This Is the move that you have to, this is what I was talking about with Mike McCarthy. Verse Ben Johnson with Mike McCart. Walls Wrong again. Yeah. Very wrong. Mike McCarthy. Safe Hire probably gets you to the playoffs. Probably have you guys win a couple games. Ben Johnson is a guy that can turn Caleb Williams into a superstar quarterback.


Here's okay, I'm not going to, 'cause people are gonna want me to get ahead of myself. Not gonna get ahead of myself. This is what I, I'm very, very happy. I'm a six outta 10 happy, which is as high as my happiness meter can go. Ben Johnson Picking the bears and the Bears paying the money that they're going to pay. Ben Johnson is a significant shift in everything the Bears usually do. And that's, you know, they don't, they don't usually pay a coach. I think the report was 14 million, which is for a first time head coach is insane. Ben Johnson was the hottest ticket in the last two year, two coaching, hiring cycles. He was the guy who was hand selecting which interviews he won.


The, the Jaguars, the Raiders. I know the Jets probably wanted 'em. He didn't do an interview with them like all these teams wanted. Ben Johnson, he picked the Bears, which makes me think that he thinks Caleb Williams is special. Which makes me very happy. And for all the shit I give George McCaskey and the McCaskey family and, and the Bears ownership. They, they, they went and got the number one guy on the market Who, and they paid him top dollar. And that's very anti bears. So I'm six outta 10 Happy. A lot of work to be done. Gotta get an offensive line. Gotta get more defensive line. Gotta get Caleb. Right. But I believe in Ben Johnson, I'm very happy. I Heard one suggestion.


Memes heard the same thing on, on the radio this morning. Draft Ashton Genty in the first round. What do you think about that? I've seen that as well. I, the Bears need a lot of help everywhere. So if they wanna do Ashton Genty and he wants to, And we want to get freaky with it. I trust in Ben Johnson and I'm back trusting in Ryan Polls as well because I thought, I did not think that the Bears were gonna be able to get Ben Johnson. I thought that they had screwed it up. I thought no one would pick the bears. Ben Johnson. I, I saw a report that Ben Johnson wanted the Bears job last year, but he agreed to stay for one last year with Dan Campbell to finish this thing out. And that's why the Bears ended up keeping Ebra flus. 'cause they're like, we don't wanna fire him now and lose out on Ben Johnson next year.


This also might just be a fan fiction thing in my head that I've made up. I was gonna suggest maybe, maybe it might be, But a six outta 10 I remain. He was like, he had his eye on this is his dream job. The The Bears have a lot of work to do and Ben Johnson isn't gonna be able to fix everything. But it was, it's, I'm as I'm staying a six outta 10. That's what I was gonna say. You know what's crazy? I was gonna say something else, but I'm saying a six outta 10. You know what's crazy is you're older than Ben Johnson. Yeah. Ben John. I mean that's a lot of coaches now. Yeah, you are too buddy. We're older than like every coach here. Yeah. It's getting bad scary hours. Not me. Just wait close.


How old's Ben Johnson? He is 38. Okay. We're about To be 40. Is it, does that count as boy? Genius Could be. Is Ben Johnson a boy genius? He might be. I think he is. I think For NFL coaches under 40 is Yeah, he's boy genius Boy. Genius. You have your own boy. Genius Boy. Genius. And he must love Caleb if he's, if he's signing up to coach against the twice a year coach against Kevin O'Connell twice a year. The Alliance fans are very upset. Coach against very Upset Twice A year. He was gonna leave anyway. I know it's a, a divisional guy, but, or divisional rival. But he was gonna leave anyway. Have the reason You lost the game though. Basically being a crazy play call by it like that, that makes it sting that much worse.


Yeah. Yeah. It's like He Well no, that's not why they lost The game. It's like he trashed. But If you're a Lion fan coping like you like that it, that was the defining play of the game. Yeah. He, you had a really nice house with him. He threw a party trash. The house had left. Yeah. I'm, I'm very six outta 10. I'm as six outta 10 as you could get. Would you guys agree memes has been policing me? I mean, earlier you said I'm a six outta 10 because I have to be a six outta 10. If you took the restrictor plate off, are you asking what I'd be? Yes. I'm willing to get, I'm willing to let you say, say your Piece. No, because I don't want You should. No, no. Hank Are you willing to I'm willing to, I'm willing to be Be upfront, like be honest with our listeners Because the takeaway right now is Big Cat grades, the coaching hire a six outta 10 and No, that's, that's not how I grade Coaching.


Don't let the, That's not how I, you're now putting words high. I'm saying that's, that's not, I said my happiness Six outta that's takeaway's be Big Cat is a six outta 10 Higher. I'm not, I'm staying six outta 10. They have to start winning games. They have to do a good job of the draft before I get, but They're winning the off season again. See, I don't like that. I don't wanna do, I'm not, we're not winning any off season. You gotta win in the season. But I'm willing to say that like, I'm not holding you to your word on the six outta 10. You can say what you really feel. I'm not gonna say what I really feel, but if I were to say what I was gonna really feel, if I were gonna say it, and again, this is not me saying it, but if I were going to say it, I would say that hiring Ben Johnson literally changes everything about this franchise and it's all the way back.


But I didn't say any of that. I stayed at six outta 10 the whole time. You can say whatever you want it literally, as long as you follow it up with six outta 10. Six outta 10. Yeah. I'm saying six out. It's the, the, this hire is so different than what, what the Bears are usually able to pull off. And he was, and the guy's a fucking boy genius. And he is picking it because of Caleb Williams and the McCaskey who are notoriously cheap, are paying a ton of money. Everything. If I were gonna get out of the six outta 10 zone, I'd say literally everything has changed and the Bears are all the way back and won the off season. Probably gonna win the Super Bowl, but I'm staying six outta 10. So you gotta go and do it on the field before I get excited.


I Love just the idea of George McCaskey getting aggressive with it after all these years. He's like, it's time. And I should probably say sorry to Kevin Warren too, because he probably was the one who had to tell George McCaskey at another zero dude. Like, Hey, yeah, actually you're gonna have to move that comma over like you we're. And he's like, what? Yeah, it's not 1.4 million, it's 14 million. I mean it's it, congratulations to Ben Johnson when, when it comes to getting paid, this was a great, great way. He went about it. Just say no to everyone and the bears and then May and then they want you more and the Bears are gonna go for it on four downs and get aggressive as fuck. Yeah. What, what needs to happen in the next three years for you to, to, to maybe go to like seven out 10? Oh no, I'll go to 10 outta 10 if they start winning football game.


I say they have to do it on the field. No, but I'm saying in Three years, what, what would you consider success or failure? They have to start winning games on the field. They start going to the Playoffs. Playoff football's hard. So it's like I, you know, if they go to the playoffs, if they start maybe win, you know, beating the Packers, that kind of stuff. Although Thomas Brown did beat the Packers, he's wanting to know against the Packers. Are you gonna get to above a six, outta 10 before the playoffs? I'm gonna get above six outta 10 as soon as they start winning games. Is that be week one? Yeah. Preseason. Yeah. No, not preseason. What if they win Last summer? I said some really fucking stupid shit that everyone keeps reminding me of how stupid I sounded and I did sound really stupid and I feel stupid on the moron this summer.


I'm not going to say stupid shit. I'm going to say I'm, I'm excited about things, but I'm not going to let myself get over my skis and I'm not gonna get to a point where I'm like, this is the best situation ever and blah blah blah, blah, blah. They got a lot of holes. They got a lot of work to be done. Caleb's gotta get it a lot better. If they start winning games and Caleb looks better, then we just start ramping it up. It's a great hire. I think this is the right hire that the the best hire they could make. Congratulations. Like a six out 10 should be a 10 out of 10. This, if you're a Bears fan, It's a million out 10. If had this, if I didn't agree to do six outta 10 memes is policing me too. Memes was just following me around, just like watching my moves.


He's a hater. Like are you staying six outta 10? He's snake in the grass now. Adam Shefter did have a very funny spin on it when he Shout out Sheft, by the way, he was the, he came on this show and said don't follow the pack. Yeah. When everyone was saying that Ben Johnson was gonna be on the Raiders, he Had a very funny, funny spin about it when he said that the, the bearers have hired Ben Johnson. He said Ben Johnson has spent the last week putting together a star studded cast of assistant coaches. Mm. And then there was a big picture of Dennis Allen. I got, I reacted poorly to that. Dennis Allen's actually a very good defensive coordinator. It's also really smart to get a guy who's been in the NFL for a long time and knows how this works as part of your staff. Darren Rizzi might be part of the staff. I I agree that, which would be awesome that getting a, an older guy that has coached before.


Good move. Would you say that it is star studded with Dennis Allen? Not star studded, but Dennis Allen's a very good defensive coordinator. So yeah. I mean star stud is probably the wrong word. Sounds like Chefy was getting out. 10 out of 10. Excited. Yeah, he was getting really excited. I Would've said Very good defensive coordinator. Yep. And older gentleman. Dennis Allen is joining the Bears. Yeah. Now Rob Ryan. That's Star stud. That is Star stu. Shout out USC. Yeah, that is, that is star studded. I'm very excited. Six outta 10 million. Outta 10 Bears are back. Six outta 10. Aaron Glenn? Not yet. Jos Anderson said they're working through some contractual moving parts.


So negotiating. Negotiating. Yes. Okay. Who is going to be your gm? The commander's assistant gm. Okay. Are they gonna hire him after the coach? I think so. I think they're gonna hire him together. Lance The same time. Lance Newmar. Lance Newmark. Okay. Kinda Looks like a Lego Names. Alright. Okay. That's my only Evaluator. And how do you feel about Rick loves Legos? Yeah. How do you feel about Aaron? Glenn? If we, if we sign Aaron Glenn, we got the number one guy on the market. Huh? He was the number one, number one coach per me. Per your interviews? No, no. Just number one guy out there. Got it. Number one coaching candidate on the market. Okay. You did not want Mike Vrabel No.


At no time. You didn't want Ben, you didn't want interview Ben Johnson. I, I want whoever we hire and that's the number one guy. I like that. That's smart. His jet. I can't right now, I can't relate 'cause we got the number one guy, but yeah, No, we, we'll see who got the number one guy during the season. That's true. That's true. Means that Is today could be the best day of your life. Also looking back could be the worst. Thanks memes. Okay. Appreciate In Terms of hiring. Same for you. Party in terms of hiring. Same for you. Congrats Big Cat. This might be the worst day of your life. Yeah. This could, this could Same for you. Could be the best day. Could be the best day of It. And I think Ben Johnson, he said that he, he turned down the Jaguars because he didn't like how everything was set up.


Yeah. With Trent Balkey. He didn't like the setup there. That means Trent Balkey. That's where I'm, I'm I'm shocked the Bears did it because the Bears have a similar setup where Ryan polls in the last year of his deal. But the credits of Ryan polls Kevin Moore and McCaskey, they did it. So you will be happy with Aaron Glenn, I will be happy. A leader of men, Leader of men get everybody going in the right direction. He's a motivator. Lions fans seem to be happy that he's going, but okay. I don't care. And then, and then we have probably Mike McCarthy, the Saints maybe. Yeah. And then no idea what the Cowboys are gonna do. You Gotta do Dion, Leon, Liam Cohen to maybe the Jaguars.


I think, I think Jerry Jones is shocked at how much head coaches cost now. Yeah. It's, he's been outta the market for a little bit. He Didn't realize that. And he's like, wait, he wants 14 million and he is never coached before. Yeah. Oh. I don't think they even talked to Ben Johnson. Kevin O'Connell reach agreement on multi-year contract extension. At what cost? The cost of having that story leaked right before you had to play the Lions. Yeah. Now again, we should know NFL coaches' salaries. That should be public. I think there's a decent idea of, I know Tomlin is what, 16 million? 18 million. But It should be like, it should be out there. The Teams Florio said Ben Johnson was 13 or 14. The team should have to tell us, like, they tell us what the extensions are for Quarterbacks.


Yeah, I agree. I wanna know that. I think Andy Reed gets paid 20. Yeah. Fan bases have a right to know. So they can choose how much they wanna complain to the owner. Yeah. What, what memes you looking at us quizzically? No, I was just looking. Somebody said Ben Johnson got six, six years. 15. 15 a year. Yeah. Okay. That's a lot of money. It Is. That the Bears usually don't spend. What do you think Aaron Glenn's gonna get? That's probably why this is taking so long. Ah, he sees his buddy get six for 15. Yeah. Yeah. If you're the Cowboys, you gotta get Dion at this point, right? Yeah. You gotta make every, every play to get Dion. Just have it Be fun and then what are the Raiders gonna do? Yeah. Alright. Last thing. How Pulse check between Max and PFT?


Pulse is strong. Max is very nervous. 50, 52 beats a minute overnight last night. Wow. I feel pretty good about that. Max is mumbling to himself a lot and saying a bunch of shit. What does 52 beats a minute mean? Pulse. Pulse Was that normal? It's pretty good. That's low. Pretty. It's it's good low though. It means that you're, you're maintaining Mine's probably pretty high if I had to say. Yeah. You're not, I don't think you're handling the pressure grade. No. I, I'm, I feel it more than I've ever felt any pressure before in my life. Do you think that we're adding to the pressure at all? I have thought about this a lot.


Uhoh the difference. Stop thinking the difference of my nerves going into this game because I work for the, I work for this company and I work for this show. I think about it like, if I was just a normal guy that was just an Eagles fan, lived in Philly, Butt crack showing Butt crack showing like what, where my, my confidence would be. I think I would be like a confident asshole. Yeah. Yeah. And that's, that's what we are. Yeah. Hank Hank has finally aligned himself with the city of Philadelphia. I think big cat's going to too eventually based on money reasons And all. Also I, the the New Orleans piece that I, I shout out that one guy who was just like, why doesn't big catchers take his kids to New Orleans for the Super Bowl?


Didn't think of that. That Sounds, didn't think of that. That sounds like fun. Yeah, That sounds like a great time. Yeah. But in a way, because everybody's aligning themselves with the Eagles and rooting for the Eagles, that puts way more pressure on Max. I don't know if I'm fully aligning with the Eagles. I think I'm, I I have to figure out what I'm gonna do with my, my Eagle's future if I might cash out. Because I, there's part of me that's just like, if the Commanders win, we're just, it, it is also great for the show. So although I did tell Max that I was gonna slash his tires, the Eagles didn't win. Yeah. So there's a little bit more pressure there. I'm fully aligned and I might have also said that I was gonna get his girlfriend to gimme a key to his apartment. I was gonna beat him up while he sleeps. Yeah. It's all fair stuff. This is why we watch sports.


I, I, I feel, I feel confident in the fact that I've, I've, I've accepted the fact it's house money and I have to kind of put aside loser talk all the shut up Pam. I have to put aside all the stats, all the like roster gazing that you do and you look at all the dudes that Philly has, you have to throw that all away. None of that really matters right now. What matters is that we have the best quarterback in this game who's capable of doing things that aren't cap that other quarterbacks aren't against the Philadelphia Eagles. He's the hottest quarterback in the league right now. And the Eagles have a history. It's not the NCAA Tournament.


I think what jaded it kind of is. I mean, something is happening. I have, I have a, I just noticed something. Hmm. PFD Hank called you a loser and you said shut up Hank. You didn't say shut the fuck up, Hank. Yeah. Which makes me think that. No, This is Philly. This is Philly. Normally you say, shut the fuck up, Hank. Yeah. This is Philly. Hank you, you kind of accepted that when you said Oh, Max is, I think you're, I think you're digging Max. I think you're Press way. I mean, how often do you say always Shut the fuck up, Hank. Wait, max said that. It's not so far. Yeah, that's a wind horse. He just horsted you. This is Philly. Hank. He, he, you might have half accepted loser. The inflection of your, of your voice was not an it was Shut up.


Hank. Shut the fuck up. Hank. You kind. No, shut the fuck up. Hank is is a, is a motto in your, in your brain. Usually when I feel it, usually when I hear at Hank and tell him to shut the fuck up, it's because there's like a kernel of really mean truth in whatever Hank has just said. And so I have to just shout him down in this one. I don't think that's lose talk At all. I like just doing this now and win horse. How so? How about that? How about it? How about it? This is a podcast, but this is for The listeners. We're all putting our fingers up. I'm just doing the wood. Do you care to Address what I just said? Would you I Go fingers there.


You go through fingers. I just focusing on the fingers. I was focusing on the fingers. I'm sorry, say it again. Excuse. I said closing your mouth. Say it again. No, I said it. Listen to the podcast. No, come on. No, it'll be fine. Just say it again. We're having fun doing the win horse finger Here. Here's the thing. He Said, I'm always, I heard you say I don't, everything I say is the truth or Something along those lines. Yeah, that's exactly what I said. It is. It is house money. We're playing with no pressure and we're a dangerous team and all. You can put all the stats in front of me. I think you can throw out spreads don't matter in this game. Agreed. It doesn't, the spread does not matter at all Unless the Eagles win by a field goal, Which I don't think that they will, But they could. I think, I think the Eagles are gonna win by a touchdown or more, or the commanders are gonna win by three.


But you said Eagles first. He didn't Wait. Oh no. Big Cat just said, I don't see the Eagles winning by a touchdown. Oh No. Yeah. No, I didn't say that. I said, I said unless the Eagles win by three. Yeah. So then at that, that's why I said I see the Eagles winning by more than that or losing outright. Got it. It's fine. Hey, this is gonna be gang up week. I'm not, I'm just obsessed up win Gang, gang gang. I'm gonna d Obsessed gonna d hair blonde and put on a white t-shirt and underpants and sit on a couch in front of you guys because it's just gonna be, it's gonna be just taking rods from all angles. Memes is on Side and that's and that's fine. I've Mees Mees wants a command.


I am, I am heavily debating cashing out and betting the commanders because I think won the commanders are gonna win though. Yeah, you won't do it. And I don't care if you do it or not you all. So when I do it, do what you gotta do. So when I do it, you apologize to me. No, I, because, Because well, what do you mean you won't do it? I might do it because there's gang. I Might do it. I'm not What am first of all, what am I gonna apologize to you for? Second of all, I Saying I won't Do it. I do not give a fuck who you bet on this weekend. Okay. Alright. Well I'm saying I might not gang up on you. You're saying you can't say you guys are ganging up on me. I'm like, I haven't decided yet. And then be like, I don't give a fuck. Okay. Those are two conflicting things. Well, 'cause right now you are betting on, on the Eagles. That's what I'm saying. I have a future on The Eagles. I I'm living, I'm living in the present. I have a future on the Eagles. Listen, if the fingers trigger you, we'll stop doing the fingers.


You guys can finger whatever you want. It's Gang week. Finger away. Boys, this is So funny. No. Yeah. Obviously this, you and I are going into this game in two completely separate modes of mind. Modes of mind. Modes of mind. Yeah. Word count if the Yeah. True word count. I'm done. I'm just thinking That. Yeah. Shut it down. It would be if The eagles lose this game, my life is over. If you lose this game, you had a great season. Yeah. This is the window. This is the start of the window. And we could shut your window. I Think this Would be, I I have thought more about that. Our defensive window is just beginning and that is a real thing. Yeah. But if Our defense is coming out good and show young, you're Gonna find out Sunday.


If we, if we go into your house though and beat the Eagles, then there's a new daddy in town. There's no way then, then you can forget. You don't run this shit anymore. If that happens. I hank is might actually be on your side. The, the way he says everything. Look, he's smiling. Oh, are you are smiling. Are you Windows yours? Look at, look at him. Hank everything that he says. There's a, there's a, a little word count. Max is so paranoid. Yeah. This is, this now makes the previous Windhorse seem a little crazy because you're just, you're just pointing at everyone now. How come you didn't say fuck BFT? Usually you say fuck. It was a decent point. Well that's, it Was, that was a good point.


The fingers. You excited? I'm okay. They're funny though. I'm Excited and there's a good chance that the Eagles win this game. I'm not, I'm I'm not delusional. I don't think that the commanders should be favored in this game. I think the Eagles have a great team. They're favored for a reason. But I also feel confident going into it. And I felt confident going into the Lions last week. I did. I felt as the week went on, I got, I got more calm. So let's just, let's just see what happens between the lions on Sunday max. Yeah. And made the better team advance the Super Bowl. But, But you should be more comp work out. I'm done. Yeah. I should be working. I I have to dig into the matchup 'cause I do. There's a chance I bet on the Commanders. 'cause I do think they're just something Jayden Daniel's so special. Like I bet on 'em against the, the Lions.


I wish I'd bet Money line. I would rather just win. I'd rather win my bet than than have to look at you and be like, you did it again. You better watch tape buddy. Watch the tape. Watch tape. I'm grinding the tape. He's word counting. All right. Let's get it to ourselves. Let's do Hot Seat. Cool Throne. First of all before we get to that is Jalen Hurts. Okay. He's got a word count. You're gonna have first of all, first of all, yeah. That was a 20 minute segment. Was It? No. Was it was a two part question. He's not a word count. So Yes. Is Ja. Jalen hurts be fine. He's a ball. He's a gamer. Is he Okay? Hey, he's A gamer. Yep. Is Quinn and Mitchell okay? Don't, Yes. I've looked into how I've been, I've looked into the Chief's drugs I'm trying to get some Mahomes drugs for Jalen Hurts.


Okay. CJ Stru had some of that shit too. Yeah, They, There's, there's drugs out there for him to be fine. Yep. I gotta find them. Yeah. Okay. I'm worried about big Dom. Big Dom can get anything. Okay, let's kick it to ourselves. Hot Seat. Cool. Terone. Then we have Ryan Fitzpatrick and Stave on the show. Okay.


Hot Seat. Cool. Throne is presented by Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. Hot Seat. Big ticket. The big ticketing companies that make getting tickets to NFL Playoff games. A real hassle. Cool Throne. You game time's. Got your back score last minute. NFL playoff ticket deals and save. See your seat before you buy on time. Ticket delivery, guaranteed. Lowest price guaranteed. Win the ticket game when you use promo code. Hot Seat for $20 off your first purchase with Gametime terms apply. So that's a new promo code. Hot Seat. Use that promo code. All one word, all caps. Hot Seat. Use it when you use it. The Gametime app also, one of these, one of these guys is gonna be using Gametime for the big game. So we love Gametime. Thank you to Gametime. Wonderful sponsor of ours. So win the ticket game when you use promo code Hot Seat for $20 off your first purchase with Gametime terms apply. Gametime is the best only place you should be buying tickets.


Okay. Hot Seat. Cool. Throne. Presented by Gametime. My Hot Seat is The biz. The Biz. Oh yeah. People not respecting it. Yeah. Players not respecting it. Oh, This is bad. This is bad. Big Cat. Try not to breathe. If You have kids at home and they're listening to this podcast, they might not wanna listen to this story. Oh No. Yeah. So Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. After, After the Notre Dame game lost Dan Wilkin. Yeah. Which is was in the locker room, which is one of the funniest names ever considering everything that he talks about stands for. He's a guy that has, he covers a sport that he seems to hate. Well, that's a lot of college football, but, yeah. Yeah. But he, well, and actually that's a lot of journalism. Yeah. It is. Like, that's, I, when people ask like, how, how are you able to do this job for as long and still love?


It's like, 'cause we love sports. Yeah, you're right. A lot of movie critics are like that too. It's like, how could you, how could you watch sports for a living and cover sports for a living and not like it? He tweeted bizarre scenes from the Notre Dame locker room players yelling at reporters, coaches, warning people not to ask certain questions. Amateur hour. Wow. No respect for the biz going on in the Notre Dame locker room after losing the biggest game of their life. What a shocker. Yeah. I can't believe that college football would turn into amateur hour. Mm. That is absolutely A disgrace. We're going backwards. It is a disgrace, guys. I Mean, if I lost a national championship, the first thing I would be thinking is like, let's answer questions from the media in a respectful way. I'd probably, yeah, I'd probably say, fuck you to everyone who asked me a question.


Yeah. I'm like, what? I'd be like, lose my number bitch. Listen, Dan Wilkin pays your salary. You understand that you gotta treat this man with the utmost respect. I I, I think we need to normalize more like bad losers. Like that should be fans and, and players. Like, let 'em, let 'em be sore losers for a minute. I saw, I saw our friend Shane Gillis was tweeting last night, and like I, I think, I think Jamie Joe Rogan's producer is an Ohio State fan, and was like, I wouldn't be salty. And then he, he replied something like, congrats to Tony Hinchcliffe. Jamie, like the Paul Brothers and every other really likable Ohio State fan out there.


It's like, let him be salty. I thought, I thought he suck it, dude. I thought he Purposely left young Jamie out. Oh, He might've just to needle him, I think. Well, I think he deleted that one and then came back and, and said it. But it's like, let losing a big game sucks. People should, like, when people are like, oh, you're acting like a bitch. Yeah. That's the point. Yeah. The like, let 'em act like a bit, you shouldn't act like a bitch like the next day, but yeah. Fuck. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, what do you expect when you go into a locker room after a national championship loss? Yeah. What, what do you honestly, like, I would be concerned with the team if they were just super res respectful and like, Hey, yeah, I'm open for questions. Ask me about field goals. Yeah. Ask me about everything.


Ask me about that first drive and whether or not our quarterback was just on the e Yeah. After that, after that like 20 play drive to start the game. Ask me all the questions that you think that I'm going to get pissed off about. 'cause I love that about journalists. It's the old saying, show me a sore loser and I'll show you a loser. Yeah. I don't know. I, I actually would, I, I think we should have like a 24 hour, hour shock clock for big games fans and, and players alike that anything they, they should be able to say whatever they want and it shouldn't count long term. I also, and then you'd get actually real answers. You'd be, you'd get people being like, fuck that. I also Think the real irony is that the journalists that complain the most about players not answering their questions, if you question them about anything, they get the most offensive and they're like, fuck you.


Blocked. Yeah. Yeah. Pete Frisco. So You're outta here, but The biz, Biz Hot Seat or No. Respecting the biz. Not Respecting the biz. Yeah. You okay? Yeah. My, my cool throne is the Nine Darter. Okay. Time has come. So starting this Friday, probably seven or eight o'clock, I'll be starting the nine Darter journey. Now it's obviously impossible, physically impossible. I could do this nine Darter for a thousand years and I would never get a nine Darter No one's ever done it before. No Amateur that I've, I've heard of, I've, I've searched some forums and, and there's people that, you know, Reddit threads and stuff where they're like, yeah, I've been in a league for 40 years.


Never, never been done. Getting an eight a three daughter is hard enough. I've gotten, you know, 33 daughters in my life never come close to getting them twice in a row. It's so, so the nine darter, I'll not be getting nine consecutive darts. If that bothers you. Just stop listening right now. Can you explain what the nine darter is again? In what, what A regular nine Darter is a nine Darter. So darts is, is you start 501 points to start and a nine darter is when you go from 5 0 1 to zero in nine darts. Right. So it's a perfect, it's three perfect rounds there. You couldn't, it's an immaculate round, basically, right? Like there's no, that's the least amount of darts you could throw. It'd be like shooting, you know, whatever, 18 under par.


Like it's a perfect round. Yeah. Like getting a hole in one on every hole. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, this is not to put into perspective because I, I do think you deserve this. Hank is like, it, it's not like hitting a hole in one, one time. It's not like some of these, like, you know, hitting a 65 mile an hour fastball out of like a stadium. Like it, it would be like trying to hit a 105 mile an hour fastball out of a major league park. It would be like having LeBron guard you and trying to hit a three on his head. It's For Hank, like trying to dunk on LeBron. Trying to dunk on LeBron. It's, it's shooting under par at Augusta. It's not, it's not like a, oh, I can get one fluke thing to happen here with a hole in one.


This will be awesome. It's, it's, it's impossible for the regular person. It's not even the three bowling of 300. Like, I think that you could bowl 300 eventually. I don't think you could ever get a 900. But It's like, it's, it's similar. So the, we're doing the stream similar to like the bowling of 300 where you couldn't bowl 300, but after time elapses, then it gets easier and easier. So basically the plan is to do three, three darters. So once I get, you know, if I get three triple twenties, then that leg is done. I like this. I have to get two, three darters and every 12 hours I can get closer to the dartboard. So I will be living at the office until this is done. It will be a constant stream from Friday until Sunday before the games.


And if I'm not done by then, we'll go down for obviously the game stream. We have to record the podcast and then I'll start again Monday morning. So if it takes me until next week, it takes me until next week. I will not be leaving the office starting Friday until the stream is done. And there's, you know, there's, there's some, some wrinkles we have where I'm not just gonna be throwing darts all the time. 'cause I'll just, my arm will, will give up. But there's challenges and different things where the first and third legs I have to do on my own, but the second leg. So that way Saturday we can have people come in and help out like PFT or Big Cat, you know, I can, I'm not, I'm, again, I'm not physically gonna be able to throw darts for 40 hours straight. I might take a break.


We might have a, you know, whoever's in the office come in and they can throw darts as much as they want. If they get the first two, I always have to hit the third one. Got it. So like, there's, there's ways where people can help me, you know, do a leg, but I have to do the first and third legs on my own. And then we'll have, you know, some challenges and stuff where it's like, I might go in the golf simulator for an hour. If I get a hole in one, then I only have to get two outta three darts. Like, there's, we have challenges set Up. Just come the Gulfstream. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I listen. I hate No, no, no. Fucking hate you. I'm, I'm gonna defend you here. Do you hate me? What? What are you gonna say? I was gonna say, I think this is a really like, smart way to do it. I think it's gonna be fun for the viewers.


Go Fucking eagles. I hope the Eagles Destroy you. I, I, I think that like, understanding the whole point is like, it's a punishment. It's gonna suck for Hank. He's gonna live in this office. He's making it a way that eventually he can get it, but it still is going to be very, very, very, very difficult. So, again, I'll back up Hank in the fact that if you have a problem with this, just don't watch. It's gonna be awesome. I think it's gonna take him three days probably still. And if, If I can get to before, 'cause that's the thing. We, we're gonna go down And we have to do the streams and then the podcast and stuff after. So I won't be like the, my best case scenario is finishing before Sunday. If we don't finish before Sunday, then I'm, then I'm in, then I'm in one.


It is a very, very difficult challenge that you have. And I think the act of throwing a dart, it seems so easy, but if you do it for 12 hours in a row, your elbow is gonna be killing you. Yeah. Yeah. I'd have to start throwing Righty. But yeah, every 12 hours I can get a foot closer. So I think hopefully by like, you know, worst case scenario, by Tuesday I'll be close enough where, And we also have, so scheduling wise is very, so you're gonna be doing it over the weekend Monday night, which we haven't announced, but we're, we are gonna have a Doug stream. We, we have one last Doug Stream. So I'm gonna try to win a national title where I pick, we're gonna just play the playoffs. And then after the Doug Stream, it's gonna go straight into the hole in one stream with Jerry and Tate Barstool after dark.


So it could be, we could have like five Streams going on at One. Yeah. We could have, and then, and then also the case race on Tuesday. It's gonna be a chaotic week. And there could be multiple streams going on at once. We could combine them. It's gonna be fun. Hank, I'm, I'm rooting for you. I'm gonna try to come in and help you out at, at points. Where are you gonna be doing it? On the court? We have the, the, the Dartboards mobile. Oh. And we can do different locations. So when I, like I said, 'cause I'm not gonna be able to, yeah. I don't wanna sit in one place. So when I want to bring my kids in so that they can play in the office. You can, you can go somewhere else so they can play in the office. I guess that's really the important thing. Yeah, we can figure That out. No, I'm gonna come in and Help. Have you done any prep for, for your dart technique?


What does that Mean? I don't know, like practiced or, or trained? Have I thrown A dart before? Like, have you learned anything that you're planning on taking into? I think it's a pretty normal question to be asking. Fuck you. PFT. Yeah. My bad. Sorry. Why don't you ask that. Sorry. Have you, have you prepared at all for this big challenge that you're gonna do? That was a normal Question. Bad question. You're, you're, you're listen, I see what's going on here. I'm gonna take a step back. Well, let me take a step In your guard. Your guard is up. Lemme lemme step in. It hasn't been 12 hours yet. PFT let me step in. Tank. What the fuck? He was simply asking. Yes. I've prepared. Have you, have you been like practicing? Have you been working on it at all? Which is a, in pf t's defense.


Completely normal question. Thank you. Yeah. I've watched some YouTube videos of thrown darts. I mean it's darts like, it's, it's, you got the advice Fucking Michael Van Gerwin. Yeah, I would, I would prepare for it like a little bit. How would you, it sounds like you've prepared for it. How would you prepare? It sounds like doing this, the stuff that you're doing where you watch YouTube videos, maybe get on the a board a couple times and just take some practice, figure out where the elbow goes. Me personally, if I had to prepare for this, I'd just get nasty at darts. I'm bad at darts. That's, that's, that's the problem. You know what we're Gonna be, it's, it's because it's the Mount Rushmore punishment. Oh, is it? Yeah. Is that what it is? Yeah. Yeah. And he's still a little upset about that. Ah, Next year, let's just do no punishment for the Mount Rushmore.


Hank, I'm gonna be rooting for you. I, I want you to do it because you got this. I want you to be out of this mood. I genuinely think this is gonna be a great stream. I'm gonna, I in a good mood till you said like, I'm trying to, like, what? I have to fucking throw darts for a hundred hours straight. I'm coming up with little one hour wrinkles. I mentioned one. And this is just a Gold street. This just a gold street. This is just A gold stream. The one, the, the, the wrinkles are gonna make it better for The viewer. Well your punishments are like the dumbest shit in the fucking world, but, Okay. I'm good that we've we're getting this out. Yeah. Yeah. This Feels good. I can tell that you're upset. Well, that was a trigger in comment. I, I Can tell that you're, I can tell that you're upset. You know that somebody was gonna make the joke. Wouldn't you rather it come from me? No, Maybe not. I don't really care what other people say. Like, I care about what you say. I Care about this Room.


Do you care when I say that? I'm rooting for you. I don't believe it. But yeah, I guess We gotta keep the, we gotta keep everything in the locker room. Boys. We shouldn't have these, we shouldn't have these type of fights publicly. Okay, let's keep this in the locker room. I think you can do it in 12 hours. No One will hear this. I think you're, I think it's gonna take you a day and a half. I would love to be done before someday about, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. A three daughter is hard also, also with all these streams, as long as you sit I Have tried, I have, I have thrown throwing darts for, I don't know, probably six or seven hours total in the last month or so. And I haven't, so such a preparation. Yeah. I haven't come close to a three darter. So it's like, that's, that's my fear. Yeah. I'm not good at darts. Yeah. Okay.


Have you thought about getting a little bit drunk? Yeah. I think Saturday night we might get weird with it. Yeah. Okay. Because I, I got some, I got some. We're gonna have bring some guests in. That's the thing. I'm, I'm trying to to to spice it up. I'll probably be sleeping on stream and stuff. But yeah, I think Saturday night after whatever, 24 hours at that point there's like, my body is, there's no point in in I'm just gonna get drunk and, and try. Yeah. My recommendation hopefully have, That's where it's like, that's where I'm gonna be relying on people to hopefully show up and get the two darts and then that third dart, that will be the moment. I would, I would tell you that if you get a little bit drunk, I would get a little bit drunk earlier than that before your arm gives out. Because you are better, your coordination is like, I don't know. When I play darts, I always feel like I'm much better after exactly three beers.


Question. Damn. You sleeping on stream. Are you worried about bon I'm worried about sleep talking. Oh no. Bon yeah. Not Bone. Oh, no sleep talking. I didn't even think about that. I, I've, I've already, I think I'm gonna do mouth tape and we'll probably just mute the sound. I know. I'm, I'm a sleep talker. It's a, it's a, I am too. A major issue in my life. Okay. Yeah. Well, I'm Excited. Listen, if, if Hank gets a boner in his sleep, nobody screen grab it. Yeah, Please. Okay. You're in the locker room too. Yeah. Good luck Hank. I'm rooting for you. Thanks. I'm glad that you did some preparation for it. I think that was smart. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. You're welcome. Okay. So I was gonna have Dan Wilkin too, but my Hot Seat instead, I guess will just be me and Max's hair because we're trying to figure out what our bet is gonna be for the Eagles commanders game.


And it seems to all be hair related suggestions that we're having. So we've Hank this is actually maybe a good chance for you. You say my my punishments are always way easier. B Bick it Shave. Yeah. Because the, the suggestions I did suggestions And fucking didn't even, wasn't even a punishment. And I did it. Yeah. It was for, for a championship. So this is for the n Championship Game. The suggestions that we've been hearing a lot are the loser gets a mullet, which Is your suggestion, which you want to do. But He is been hearing it A lot. I've been hearing it a lot. He's hearing It a lot. That's okay. He's like, He's been hearing it a lot when he, when he is just sitting in his car and his thoughts are telling him things. Yeah. There's been a lot of people saying that in his car.


I also have, I bet that we could do, we could do, the winner goes to the Super Bowl and the loser doesn't. I don't understand why we have to do a bet for this game. I agree with that. I I thought the, I thought the bet that we talked about on Sunday night was, was a good one where the loser has to make a cult banner and put it behind their seat for a year. So it's like, every time you have a shot on this podcast, there's a banner that says, but you just said The fans want hair, but you don't care about the fans, max. I just don't. PFT has just like forced this Max is right. The stakes are alreadys high as could be. The stakes so high right there couldn't be higher. I I kind of agree with him. That you don't need to do, like, it's not like you're not gonna care.


Like the pinky bet we do as like an extra, We the pinky bet that I do it and it's stupid As a, as a collective. We as in podcast. Yeah. But It, the, the, we're we're getting into a bet culture that we're just gonna, we're we're like, we're gonna fuck ourselves because I I I'm not totally disagree what you're saying. You're Gonna have to do something you don't wanna have to do. That might be physically Impulsive. This game has a lot of stakes. Still have to do it. This game already has a lot of stakes. But this Isn't, this isn't a podcast. Like, it just so happens that, Listen, I I, I understand the stakes could not be higher, but like instantly when it was gonna be Commander's Eagles, everybody was blowing me up saying, what are you guys gonna bet on this game? So what about the People?


Do people do want to see a wager on it? What about The, what about the, the banners? The banners could be good. I mean, that would hurt both of you like significantly. 'cause we will be in, we'll be doing this show in August and it'd be like right behind you. Every time you see a clip, it says it right behind you. I like big tone suggestion. He said that it's like from a hire him Samurai or Loser Has to hire him Samurai or up that you put your hair in a ponytail. The winner cuts it off with a blade to signal victory over his adversary. I like your guys' hair. I don't really want either of you. I, I like No, but that I Like corn rows for a month. That would be funny. That would make me laugh. That would make, that would be funny. I don't hate corn rows either.


Because it, It doesn't, Doesn't affect you long term. You just Look ridiculous. Yeah. You, every time you talk, we're just gonna be like, what does this Guy say? And you have to do like cornrows with like the, the Beads. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. The, the Problem with cornrows for me is that I've got some seedlings that are germinating and sprouting up here and that could potentially pull the seedlings out. Hmm. Okay. So we'll, we'll, we'll we'll Talk about this. Yeah. Yeah. We'll, we'll come on Friday. We'll have a we'll have a final What? What'd you get yesterday? PFT max doesn't wanna do anything. I would do, I would do corn roses. I don't wanna do anything. Like He doesn't wanna permanently change. I Don't wanna permanently change my hair. Yeah. I've been doing, I like, this is my hair Thing about hair is, it grows, but Like, if we shaved, What?


Yeah. I permanently shaved my hair. You have a shaved head. False. Very false. You short hair, You look at your head. Look at the side of your head. Yeah. Well, after I, at the back of your head, after I, after I bick my look at You also chose to do this. No, You actually said that. You said, You said if the, if the Celtics win a final, you I'll shave my head. You Did. That's insane. That is so, that is true. No, it's not. It's, wait, what happened? I think it's true. You're a fucking Idiot. Idiot. Big Cat. Big Cat ass. Derrick White being like, oh, Henkel shave his head If you do It. And then Hank was like, sure, if this happens, I'll do It. So that, but Big Cat set it up. Well, I asked a question.


You can't ask questions. Well, I To Ask a question of an inter Yeah. Actually ask question Of a guess. Actually false. I said that, that if the Sixers won the NBA finals this year, I would sha I would shave my head. So, Okay, good point. So I, yeah. If the bulls win the NBA finals this year, I'll get a no. You know what? I'm not, I'm not, I'm just outta the pink pinky bet. I'm not doing anything. I was, I was gonna say I was, I'd get a dragon tattooed on my back. I, I'll say if the, if the Washington wizards win the NBA championship, I will get bub carrington's face tattooed on my face. Okay. Nice. Nice. Alright. Wait. So so we'll figure this out Friday? Yes. That we'll do something.


We'll do Something P mtv. We'll do something. Eyebrows, memes saying eyebrows. Eyebrows. What about the I like eyebrows. Eyebrows is good. His eyebrows come back. Yeah. Yeah. Max reacting without eyebrows being Oh man. Yeah. Full body Wax. Yeah. Eyebrows is good. Eyebrows is good. Great. Visual. Eyebrows is really good. I don't like eyebrows. Eyebrows is good. Why? You can't even see yours. You Can't even see it. I don't like eyebrows. I still love my eyebrows. It's the one part of my body and my calves. I feel really good about calves and eyebrows. Matt's Just touching his eyebrows right now. Alright. And your cool throne. My cool throne is bulletin board material because Andy Reed is leaning into the bulletin board material hard, which I respect.


You gotta do it, you gotta find it. But he's got, he must have a team of people that are out there and he's, he's put them in a room saying, scour the internet, scour the newspapers. Try to find any bulletin board material that you can get so that we can feel like we're, we're underdogs going to this game. And that's what a good coach should be doing. He's gotten to the point now where he's just making stuff up though. 'cause he said, I presume the bills will probably be favored, but that's all right. We'll do our thing. It doesn't matter if it's true or not. Yeah. If you tell your team, Hey, you're the underdogs, the bills are favored good. You can just lie about that. Yeah. Yeah. And it, it, it's all good. But yeah, he's been, he's been looking out there and the fans have too, which I, again, full respect. You gotta find any motivation where you can get it. And now Max and I are in the bulletin board war with each other, which is good.


This is healthy stuff. But it's like every team, you have to feel bad to make yourself work. That, I mean, the ultimate bulletin board material was losing to Michigan. If you're Ohio State, that was the best thing they could have ever hoped for. Yep. In order to motivate 'em to, to galvanize and come together. So yeah, if you're a chief fan, I would just deputize yourself as an internet sleuth, find whatever bulletin board material you can get and, and send it to the Chiefs because they, they're scraping the bottom of the barrel. Trying to find it now. Yeah. Yeah. I saw that clip. I was like, this is just not true. Not true. But it Doesn't, it doesn't Really matter. Doesn't matter. Doesn't matter matter if Andy Reed says it. It's true. Yeah. Okay. My Hot Seat is Carlos Alcaraz.


'cause he got fucking worked. Ugh. Ugh. By the, by by Kovich the goat. Ugh. Ugh. Who was your favorite part of the match? It was when Djokovich beat him three to one. Oh. And Djokovich is 37 years old and I thought, big bad car. Carlos Alcaraz. No one can beat this guy. He's the fucking next guy. Not so fast. Ah, What was that one year that he didn't win the Australian Open Because they kicked him out of the country because of his, he didn't wanna be vaccinated. Honestly. Bullshit. Getting kicked out of a country rocks. Yeah. That's like the coolest thing that you can do. Oh. So Did you see that there was a, there was already a little controversy because there was a reporter, like, it looked like a, like Good Day America, whatever the show is like for Australia.


And he just bashed Gaday Jo Kovi and his fans. And then they, that same TV station wanted to ask him a question after the interview or after his first match. He's like, I'm not answering from you guys. Like fuck that. Oh, that's my goat. Bizarre scenes from the Djokovich locker room. Deeply unprofessional. Yeah. Amateur hour. Amateur hour. So yeah. I, I love The American who, what's her name? The American woman that's down there in Australia. That's just yelling at the fans. I Don't know. She's the best. Coco. No, not Coco. Oh, there's this, there's one lady that's from America. She goes down to Australia and she's like talking shit to the fans. Like, do you guys mind shutting up while I'm playing? Lisa Leslie? They start to boo her. And she's what? Like putting her hand up to her ear?


Like, gimme more. Yeah. She's the best. Yeah. I, I love a good tennis troll. Love It. Alright. And then my other Hot Seat actually is I didn't know that I, I maybe this happened and I just missed it. But I didn't realize that the Gulf of Mexico is just not the Gulf of Mexico anymore. Gulf of America. Yeah. That's fucking badass. We just renamed it. Yeah. And soon Mars is gonna be ours too. Hell Yes. Let's go. Let's start claiming stars. Gulf of America does not sound great. Well, 'cause the thing is, I don't really under not When you go to the of America, right? Yeah. If you go there for spring break, then it sounds like way less exotic. If you go to the Gulf of America than the Gulf of Mexico, you can go to the Gulf of Mexico and be like, I'm in Destin. But you feel like you're in Cancun.


Right. And also doesn't the Gulf of Mexico have a bunch of oil spills? We should probably keep the branding there. No, that happened in the Gulf of Mexico. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Keep it. Keep it. But there's like, I feel like every but year there's in Florida is in the Gulf of Mexico. Yeah. It's a body of water. Oh Yeah. Alright. So I take it back. I like that. Okay. So Yeah. But yeah, but got to your point. The Gulf, the oil spills happened in the Gulf of Mexico. Like Do we think The Gulf of America has not had an oil spill? There's gonna be more oil spills. We should probably just keep it Gulf of Mexico. Then it gets renamed back to Gulf of Mexico for like two weeks. Yeah. Af during the oil spill. Yeah. And then my cool throne is Zuck because he was checking out Bezos's wife's tits.


And that was the first time I was like, this guy might be a human. Yeah. That was cool. He did good job. Zuck. Was she wearing just like a lace bra? Yeah, it was like lingerie. Okay. Let's normalize that. Yeah. Hell Yeah. I respect her Right to wear that and also Taking a peek. Yeah. Looks For free. But it was funny just 'cause like Zuck is the last person that I would expect to get caught in 4K doing that. Yeah. I don't know if he had a recent software upgrade or whatever. It's like you have to start finding women attractive now. Yeah. And, and have the have the capability for lust. Good Job. Good job. Zuck you passed the test. They also were like RFK. There was a clip of her taking off her jacket and RFK passing the test by not looking RF K's probably just gonna fuck that later.


Was that not ai? I I, no. Well she took off her jacket too. Oh. Maybe she didn't take off her jacket. But it was A clip just wearing a bra. No, it was a clip of her standing in front of RFK and he wasn't looking down. Okay. Got it. Like He, was she there, there was a real clip of her like turning around, putting something down on a chair. Yeah. RFK kept his, his gaze straight ahead. But knowing RFK, he's just gonna hit that later. He's Yeah. Bezos can't do shit. He, he's looking, he's he's using that peripheral vision. Yeah. Yeah. He's gotta utilize Trump also said again, he was going to release the JFK files. Oh, That'd be sick. I'm, I'm very excited about that. I think it's a dude that lives basically in Chicago that did it. Yeah. He's an old guy. It was in the mafia or mafia related.


Yeah. Jack Ruby was the guy who killed Har Harvey Oswald. And he, he had ties to the mafia. Yeah. It's mafia. CIA Cuba. Cohi Could be interesting. Lab. It's lab. Yeah. It's a lab. It's crazy. The most ambitious crossover event of all time. Yeah. Like the, the, the mafia came up with it. Cuba did the, the second verse and then the ccia A probably m mixed it featuring ccia. Yeah. Featuring, featuring Ccia A When I heard that news I was like mind blown CIA How did they get involved? Well This dude, he seemed like Good dudes. This Dude was a special forces guy overseas, worked for the CIA and the military back in Vietnam.


He was over in Laos and then he came back here. He had all the training. He helped train the Bay of Pigs operation that got shot down by Kennedy at the last second. Then the Ccia was pissed at Kennedy. He's one of their special forces guys that works for him. He goes down, meets up with Lee Harvey. Oswald Lee. Harvey Oswald gives him the gun. It's a whole thing. Yeah, it's a whole thing. But this dude, there is a guy that's confessed to shooting RFK or excuse me, JFK in the head. And he lives in Illinois. He lives close by. We gotta get that guy is the driver. He was not the driver. No. Oh Yeah. The driver did shoot him as well. That did happen. I watched that replay. Okay. Gene Ator would've been like, yep, that was the right call. Good.


That's targeting. Yeah. Alright, let's get to our interviews. We've got Ryan Fitzpatrick and then we have our good friend Stavros talking about his Baltimore Ravens, which is painful. But let's hit our interviews and we'll finish up afterwards with pardon your take


Before we get to Fitz, he's brought to you by our great friends at Doritos with Patrick Mahomes. Help Doritos just reveal the top three ads that are still in the running to win the Doritos crash the Super Bowl. Now it's up to the people to choose. Which creator's gonna win a million bucks and have their submission run as Doritos 25th Super Bowl ad. And all you have to do is vote for your favorite fan made ad@doritoscrash.com. You have now until January 28th. You can visit doritos crash.com. Cast your vote for who you think is the winning ad. Will it be abduction, barbershop, or charades? You have six days left to vote and you get to pick which ad is gonna run during the Super Bowl. And which creator's gonna win a million bucks? Vote now for the Super Bowl ad@doritoscrash.com. Doritos crash.com


50 is also brought to you by Planet Fitness. You can start the year Strong. Planet Fitness offers high value memberships. It supports any fitness jour journey. A judgment free environment where you're free to get strong your way on your time. We have it here at the Barstow office. We've got it out in our gym. We've got a Planet Planet Fitness set up. I'm gonna start working out every single day using the Planet Fitness equipment. Using that gym. They've got brand new plate loaded machines like hack squat, supine benches. You can feel your strongest. You can feel like your best self. You've got the best in class equipment for a full workout. You can do strength training, cardio, stretching, they've got it all. Planet Fitness has the same high quality best in class equipment as other more expensive gyms. Their classic membership is just $15 a month. 15 bucks a month. You've got the treadmill over there. You've got the the step machine. Build those quads up, the squat bench, all the free weights you can imagine. I like doing the upright rows. Upright rows are one of my favorite workouts. Feel jacked up after you're done with it. They've got hours, amenities and offers like you will not believe, but they do vary by club. Check out planet fitness.com. Stop by your local club For more information. Must be 18 years old to enroll or 13 to 17 with a parent or guardian. We're all strong on this planet. We're getting Swo 2025. Join today in Club online or in the Free Planet Fitness app.


And now here's Ryan Fitzpatrick. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very good friend of the show, recurring guest 17 year NFL Pro. It is Ryan Fitzpatrick. He's here to talk a little playoff football. But before we talk playoff football, I gotta know, taking off your shirt at the Ravens Bills game on Sunday, how are you feeling? How long did you have your shirt off and do you think you actually had anything to do with the win? That was a, that was like three part question there. Okay, let's start with the last question. Did I have anything to do with the win? So right before kickoff shirt off, lead the charge, say the cheer, the Ravens get the kickoff, they go right down and score seven points.


So I don't think I had much to do with the win. Okay. My voice is shot. A lot of tailgating, a lot of cheering it. My shirt was off from right before kickoff to when I got into the green room in the back where the fans couldn't see me. And then I put four different layers of jackets and coats on with my mittens and my gloves. But it was, I mean electric, the crowd was awesome and it was such a great game. So happy that the bills are moving on to the conference championship yet again. Yeah. Yeah it was, it was a great game. Do you think that there's anything different about this Bills team?


'cause I, I am leaning very, I know that I shouldn't bet against Patrick Mahome. I understand that it's happened before, but I'm feeling like this Bills team might be different this year. Tough environment to go into. But do you see the same thing? Do you feel like there's a difference between this team and, and what we've seen in the past? Well, I'll say they look a lot like the Chiefs, right? I mean, they've kind of morphed into this team that doesn't turn the ball over. They're able to possess it and you know, they don't have a ton of explosives in the last few weeks on offense. But Josh has played really efficient. The thing that gets me about Josh now looking at him now versus like five years ago, he's so patient when you're watching the game, he's not forcing stuff down the field.


That being said, and if you look at the last game with Kansas City, he's gonna have to hit some go balls down the sideline. They play a lot of man coverage. Amari Cooper was involved in that first game. He's gonna have to be involved again. Keon Coleman's gonna be, have to have to be involved again. So it, it's been interesting 'cause they sort of have evolved into this team that looks like Kansas City on offense now. But I think it's their time, man. I mean Kansas City's been so good. Obviously Patrick Mahomes has been so good, but I think it's their time. They do feel a little bit different this year. Yeah, I mean they do run the ball well the, the bill and it feels like they're very balanced. I'm a little nervous still about that. It feels like the bill's middle of the field defense is not, it.


It, that's where they're vulnerable. And on the other side there's a hall of famer who is now what I think we had the stat 14 straight playoff games where he is had 70 yards or more. And Travis Kelsey. What? Yeah. From from you, when you're watching the games and you're watching maybe the, the film after, what, what makes him so special and what is he doing that like other tight ends aren't able to do? Well his, his rules are different than every other tight end in the game. He gets to do whatever he wants and that's just something that over time, he and Patrick, I mean they, they're so on the same page. So for example, if he's got a 12 yard out route, well if it doesn't look like it's gonna be open, he can turn in or he can run his out route and then stop.


Or he could just keep running vertical. And for me that would be really difficult 'cause I was so much about like the, the timing and getting it out when it's supposed to. And but with him and Patrick, they're the same mind. It's unbelievable. He's got such a great feel for the game. And even as you've seen maybe his athleticism come back a few notches the last few years. He's still just as effective because of how smart he is. And you'll see zone coverage, he's gonna get the ball quite a bit 'cause he is gonna be able to find those holes. Patrick's gonna be able to look around the field and then find him over the middle. So it's amazing to see what he's doing. And of course, you know, the playoffs come, he wakes up and is the same old Travis Kelsey again.


Did, did you ever play with someone who you gave them their own rules or had any of that like free flowing? Like, Hey, we're gonna play this a little different where I know that I trust you so much, you're gonna make the right decision and you can improvise a little. Yeah, so there were two guys and the first one, if you guys remember Stevie Johnson in Buffalo. Yep. Yep. So we did, we did a lot of three by one formations and a lot of that, you know, the, the one was just Stevie on the backside. If it was man to man, you know, I was gonna throw to him, if it was zone coverage, I was gonna go to the three receiver side. So I came up with what we called a you do you route. And I would just give him the why. And that meant Stevie, you do you buddy whatever you want to do a slant, a go a hitch, just get open.


Yep. And he was phenomenal. His releases, you know, you talk to guys, you talked to Revis, you talked to SH rm, those are when they say who gave you the most trouble? You know, they would say Stevie Johnson was one of the guys at the top of the list. He was so difficult to cover. And then Brandon Marshall was the other guy just so smart. And, and some of that with him was like, Hey, you can run an INCU here, but if the safety comes down, go ahead and make it an in and a go up the middle of the field. But it's, you have to really trust the guys to be able to do that. So there weren't a whole lot of those guys in my career, but those were two of them for Sure. Yeah. Yeah. And, and then on the outside for the chiefs, you have Xavier worthy who started off the year a little shaky. They would, they would get him the ball in space sometimes and, and design some plays where they could just use his speed.


And then he kind of hit like a lull in the middle of the season. He was, he had like the worst sideline awareness for a while. Any wide receiver, he would just like catch the ball one foot down, let's get outta bounds. But towards the end of the season, he's looked a lot better. And it feels like if we're doing like the narrative, if we're looking back and I'm imagining what I'm going to be saying on Monday, I could see a world where I just focus and say, how did the bills let this, let let this guy go to Kansas City? How do you make that trade? It feels like a big narrative and, and like the next brick in the wall of sadness for Buffalo to, to get beat by the guy that, that you gave to Kansas City. But what have you seen from Xavier worthy this season as it's progressed that shows you that he's becoming a, a real threat?


Yeah. Well I could tell you that Buffalo fans are hoping that Keon Coleman has a big game for that reason to kill that narrative. But I mean, Xavier we're the perfect situation for him to be in. 'cause Andy Reed, he's a mastermind, he's an offensive genius. And so that speed and the way they've been able to incorporate him different ways of getting him the ball, it's obviously not all just down the field stuff. It's some of the reverses and some of the, you know, cute plays that you can really take advantage of his speed. But I, I think eventually they're gonna hope that he evolves into more than just a gadget guy. And he's shown, he's shown some potential this year. But as you said, some of the sideline awareness and some of those things that it's gonna take to be a true number one receiver, he, he's just not there yet.


But I I, I could promise you, when teams are playing the Chiefs, he's one of those guys that they're gonna circle and they're gonna say, we can't let this guy ruin the game. They're gonna know where he is on every play. Yeah. Alright. I I, we're, we're obviously gonna talk about the NFC Championship Game and what Jaden Daniels has been doing, but I, a question just popped in my head that I, I realize, I don't think I've ever asked quarterback this. Jake Elliot has struggled. If you're in that locker room, if you're the quarterback of a team and you know, your kicker is going through it, what is the mentality in these games? And are you, are you just avoiding him all together? Are you, are you thinking to yourself like, Hey, if we're, you know, at the 35, like we really gotta get five more yards because he sucks right now and he's, something's going on with his head.


How, how does that affect you as a quarterback? I realize that I, I never really asked that question. It might, the answer might be like, it doesn't affect us at all. Well, I, I mean, it, it would affect how I go about the week, which is trying to instill confidence in him, letting him know that we still believe in him. You know, letting him know that there's gonna be a big kick or a big moment in the game where we're really gonna need you and I've got your back, I believe in you a hundred percent. So it's that part of it, which is the mental part of it. And then it is, when you're in those offensive meetings, especially with the play caller or the head coach, you have those discussions of, okay, where are we thinking we're gonna go for it? You know, if it's fourth and five on the 35, like you said, this is a situation this week, you know, where we could potentially just go, we're gonna go for it every time.


We don't feel comfortable unless he's inside the 45. And even there, you know, points are gonna be at a premium this game, maybe if it's less than fourth and four, we're going no matter what. And you saw that with a team like Detroit this year and, you know, with Washington and how unbelievable they've been on fourth down this year. It's a mentality and guys take a lot of pride in it. And if you know beforehand, okay, coaches putting it on us as an offense, that's a real motivator for you to get it done as an offense. And so that, I think that's where I would be a lot of closed door whispers that Jake's not gonna hear. But then outwardly you're trying to, you know, breed some confidence into him. Do, Do you, when you're on the sideline, do you watch the kick if you know your kicker struggling?


Yeah. Do you watch the kick or do you close your eyes? I think I'd close my eyes. No, I, no, I'm always, I'm always a kick watcher. Okay. Always Watching that kick. Is there, are there guys that, you know, like in the, in the locker room that are not Kick watchers? Like there's a di divide, like we got our Kick Watchers and not Kick Watchers. Some K Watchers. Yeah. Yeah. Some K Watchers and some K Watchers. Yeah. Usually they go hand in hand. If you're a C watcher, you're a K watcher usually. And vice versa. Yeah. I I, you Know that Jake knows that those conversations are happening though. Yeah. Like you can have the whispers behind and he's thinking every, Oh my God, there's a lot of whispers. Well, it's like when every conversation You're, he thinks is about him. Yeah. When you're playing quarterback and you're not playing well, you know, and, and it's like, am I gonna get benched or am I not? And those whispers are happening everywhere.


And you walk in a room and it goes silent, you know, Hey guys. Yeah. You know, they're happening. But it's those, those inner demons, man, you gotta fight 'em. You just gotta go out and rely on your technique. And, you know, just, I would tell him, you're here for a reason, man. You've made a lot of big kicks in your career. Yeah. You gotta be careful about gassing up too much. Like then he knows like, this is okay, you just complimented me on my park job that I had this morning. Like, Hey, great job, Jake. You really split those lines. Perfect job. I also, I I would definitely like bust balls and be like, you're here for a reason, Jake, and it's because it's way too late to find another kicker or something like that. And then probably just completely go against what I was trying to do. That's that's like a Tuesday.


That's a Tuesday conversation. Yeah. You're here For a reason. It's because we haven't killed you yet. Yeah. So you're welcome. That's how much we believe in You, you're here for a reason. The only other free agent out there that could get here in time was Cody Parkey. Yeah. But I, I'm obviously super excited for the NFC Championship Game. It, it feels kind of surreal that Washington is in the NFC Championship Game this quickly into a turnaround. And I love what they've done. All the credit to Adam Peters for getting good veterans, nailing some draft picks and, and, and getting Dan Quinn on board. But I was, I was actually watching the tape fitzy, this is how, this is how, Oh, okay. You, You're grinding. This is my level, my level of preparation. I've been grinding the all 22 last night I watched the Thursday night game that the commanders played against the Eagles in Philly.


Yeah. And I was just watching Jalen Carter the entire time because that guy wrecks everything. He scares me. And the fact that Sam Cosme are our best offensive lineman, some might say he, he's out probably for a long time with an ACL and he lines up directly across from Jalen Carter. So now we've got a backup coming in trying to stop this guy. What as an offense would you look to do? Because you can't take him outta the game. It's impossible. He's gonna find a way to make some plays, but what would you do to limit his effectiveness in stopping you? Yeah, well you nailed it. I'm really worried about that matchup too. And even with Cosme, I mean, Carter's just been an issue, right. But with Sam being out, that's a big deal.


I, I think, you know, they're built for it the way that Cliff Kingsbury runs his offense, getting it out quick, you know, making sure that some of your shot plays or the plays you're gonna hold onto the ball a little bit longer happening later in drives. I think that's part of it. So getting them gassed a little bit, making sure that, you know, you're getting your first downs and extending your drives. And then maybe on the sixth play of the drive, okay, Jalen Carter just had four pass rushes in the last five plays. Maybe this is one we could hold onto it longer. Those things they have to go in your head. And then protection schemes are the same thing, but Philly's really good upfront. So it's not just one guy that's gonna be the guy, obviously they're gonna circle and say we need to know where he is on every play.


But big loss for the commanders. But the other equalizers, just Daniels and the way he moves, man, he's so cool and calm back there. Escaping the pocket is obviously one of the best things that he does. And then when he escapes up inside, taking off and going, you know, I decided we had that Thursday night game, but to look more at the last game that they played. So I think Jay Daniels was a little injured kind of in the middle of the season. I don't know if it was a rib or something, but it just looked like something was going on. So that last game, I just watched it again this morning from week 16, was unbelievable. Obviously five touchdown passes, but he ran for 81 yards as well.


That's gonna be a huge factor in the game. And then just confused at why the Eagles didn't run the ball more in the second half. Yeah. You know, it just, it was kind of a weird game plan after Jalen Hurts went down, but the commanders are gonna have to score a bunch of points to win this game. But the great thing about that is they're explosive and they can, and they've showed it and they've scored 40 pun points a bunch of times this year. They just did it. Verse Detroit. Yeah. Is is is Jalen hurts good? I think he's good. Good question. But I, well there's sometimes where I don't know, but I I, I do, if you ask me, come to your head like, I Jalen hurts is good, but then sometimes I watch him, I'm like, wait, is he?


Yeah. I mean, you, you know, you get in trouble for making quarterback dare I do all the time. Especially now that I'm new to Twitter. Oh my God. The Eagles fans hate me. I saw you did I I saw you got roasted for saying Justin Herbert's a top 10 quarterback. Yeah, I think I said he's a top eight but not a top five. He's not on the Mount Rushmore at the top four and Oh my God. But it's also like, then there's restraint of, I don't, I'm not gonna do a victory lap. I'm not rooting against the guy. And I hate that. You know, he had the playoff game that he had and they lost. But, but I, with Jalen Hurtz, I, I go back to the game in the Super Bowl versus the chiefs. Yep. He had one fumble, but other than that he was lights out that whole game on the biggest stage.


He was unbelievable. I think they have struggled a little bit in the rhythm passing game. I think when he has to throw the ball over the middle and not to the outsides, that's where he struggles a little bit more. But he's an elite go ball thrower. He's got a great deep ball. They've obviously got two guys that can go and get it. But the addition of Saquon, you know, it just plays into the strengths of what he is as well. Like Jalen Hurts is an elite runner. Yeah. And, you know, he's, we will see what happens with his knee and how healthy he is when he comes out. But Jalen Hurts is the perfect quarterback for that system. Right. For the system they're in. Yeah. So that's okay. That's, I, I like that answer. 'cause I, I, again, I do think he's good.


It's just, there are times, it's more, I guess the Eagle's offense at times is like, what am I watching? Because I expect more, because they have so, so much talent everywhere between their offensive line and their, you know, outside guys in Saquon. But there's, there's guys, there's quarterbacks. I think we all know who they are. You know, we have our top four with Burrow, Allen Mahomes, and Lamar. Jane Daniels is now in this conversation of you could pick them up and drop them in any situation in the NFL and they're gonna be elite. And then there's other guys that you could sprinkle around and put 'em in the right systems. And I think two is like that. I think Brock's like that. I think Jaylen's probably like that, where if you get 'em in the right spot, then they can be as good as anybody.


But you can't necessarily pick them up and drop them in any situation and have them be elite. I think that's a fair Answer. Yeah. I think it's fair. People are gonna be very angry at you though. Oh, I'm gonna, For, I know, I gonna get, I think you put them in with, with Tua and Brock Purdy, that's sending out a signal to fans. Those are good Quarterbacks Like, attack Me please. Yeah. Max, what are your thoughts? Those are good quarterbacks. Max? No, I'm Fine with what he just said. I think, I think that makes sense. He didn't say he is a, he's a, the rest of the, the rest of the media world right now is painting jail and hurts to be the worst quarterback in the NFL. So I don't think, I think he's good. There's Never been a team that has more bulletin board material while also being the Super Bowl favorites in the Philadelphia. Well they're, they're Super Bowl favorites.


Not because they're the best. Like, they're not viewed as the best team. What, What did I Just say? I know, but do you realize Yeah. They're most likely to make the Super Bowl. Yeah. The chiefs, the bills have to play each other. That's why the odds are the, for the Eagles, I said, what I, And that wouldn't that be giving bulleted board material to the commanders? Correct. Yeah. No, Appreciate it. If you go around, Ryan, just hold on a second, Ryan. See what people are saying. We're having a conversation over here. Hey, one That's, I dunno how many people, I don't know how many people have made this comparison and I'll just dig myself a deeper hole. But what do you think about the Jalen Hurtz and Russell Wilson? Like a young Russell Wilson comparison? Oh yeah. I don't hate that. That's fair. And Russell Wilson was good, or he he he was good.


Was, yeah, He was great. He's still like, they're elite. Go ball throwers. Yeah. They throw it great down the field. They're also both very good runners. Especially young Russ. And they win. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I like That. And I don't think that the Eagles are gonna have Jalen Hurtz threw a, a slant route at the one yard line in the Super Bowl. That's, that's a tush. Imagine if they didn't tush push. Yeah, that would be incredible. That would be, that would be the worst mistake ever. Yeah.


The goat one two punch peanut butter and chocolate. Reese's invented it. Reese's is the king of candy. The Reese's peanut butter cup, I think is the best candy. And it stood the test of time, all time. Great. The peanut butter cup from Reese's, it's the perfect combo of chocolate and peanut butter. Reese's peanut butter cups may be even more perfect with a layer of ooey gooey, delicious chocolate lava. Now this is a great, great piece of candy, the chocolate lava in the Reese's Classic Peanut butter Cup. It breaks all the rules in all the best ways. The best. It is so good. The Reese's Peanut Butter Cups are gonna be featured in the big game. They'll be sponsoring our, our week in New Orleans. It's lava time baby. You can buy Reese's cups basically anywhere. You can find 'em anywhere you go. Hey, you want a Reese's with that? Sure. Yeah. I'll take a Reese's Peanut butter cup. Load me up. Try Reese's New delicious chocolate lava Big cup. Try today. You will not regret it. That's, it's a PFT guarantee. It's a Big Cat Guarantee. Slap my guarantee on it. On top of your Guarantee. It's a part of my take guarantee. Love that. That you will love this Reese's Peanut butter cup. It's the best.


So in, in, in watching Saquon Barclay, I think that the commanders have done a, a decent job. Nobody does a great job of stopping Saquon. You can't really stop 'em. Especially when that offensive line gets moving to the side and they get start, you know, they start going downhill. How, how do you limit his big plays? Is it possible? I I don't know that it's possible. I think you do go into this game saying, all right, the main focus is gonna be on Saquon, but that means you're gonna have one-on-ones on the outside. And like I just said, he's an elite goalball thrower. So with Devonte Smith and AJ Brown on the outside, it makes it difficult. So it's a pick your poison type thing. But I would go into the game saying that, I mean, you have to stop saquon.


That being said, you know, the other way you can bat that is you possess the ball. And when you have fourth and sixth or less, you go for it on offense, which is the formula that Washington is pretty much used all year in being really aggressive on fourth down. And then they've gotta light up the scoreboard. They know going into this game, this isn't going to be the same game that the Buffalo, Kansas City game is. That game is gonna be 24 to 23, 27 to 22, whatever it's gonna be. This one. In order for Washington to win the game, they've gotta score 30 plus points and maybe 40 to win this game. Yeah. I, I've been doing a lot of reading about Jaden recently and his use of virtual reality and how he started doing that at LSU.


And so that's like a very important part of his prep at LSU. That's what kind of changed his whole momentum around was he started doing this virtual reality stuff for like 45 minutes an hour, three days a week, where he would get reps in against a, a simulated defense. And it allowed him to see and, and think a lot quicker when he was playing on Saturdays. And the commanders invested in that same company. And now he's just like, he's living in the metaverse three days a week, and by the time he hits the field on Sun Sunday, he's ready to go. Have you tried using the virtual reality stuff? I did. They started to incorporate it a little bit into the NFL my last few years, and I didn't like it at all.


Yeah. It just, what I, I think maybe it's just what he's grown up with and, but yeah, it's obviously working and maybe I should have done it more. But he also has that thing where if he doesn't like what he sees, he just takes off and runs and nobody can catch him, which is really effective too. Yeah. Did you have that? That's a pretty good strategy. Yeah. But he, between, between the way that he throws the deep ball and the way that he processes, I, there's one play in particular in that last game. It's cover zero. He's got two guys free coming at him and every quarterback in the league, you're taking the flat route, you're throwing it, that's your hot throw. You've got an unblocked guy, he just takes two more steps back.


The hot throw is covered. And then he finds Zach Ertz on a seven route to the outside. He throws it three steps before Ertz is out of his break Right. In Stride. And it's like, where, what planet is this guy from? You know, between the athleticism, his ability to throw it accurately and now his ability to process the, you know, the calmness, the poise under pressure. It's, it's unbelievable. And something we haven't seen recently. Yeah. It's from the Metaverse. Yeah. I gotta ask you a question about your Twitter account, because, and this was like a month ago. Yeah. But I was heavily invested in an ongoing saga that you had Oh, I was gonna ask the same question. Yeah. I'm happy you're bringing the song. You, You got a shot putt ball stuck in a golf hole. Yeah. And you couldn't get it out.


I guess my first question is, why do you have a shot putt ball? Yeah. So it's the first time I got something stuck in a hole that I couldn't get it out. And my brother lives next door, so his son is becoming a shot putter. And so his little shit, five-year-old son brought the shot, put ball over to our backyard and thought it'd be fun to get it in the hole. It literally was the perfect size. It was the perfect size to where it couldn't have been any bigger and fit in there. There was nothing I could do. And I love your suggestion, but I couldn't put any liquids in there because there's sand underneath the hole and it just would've dissipated underneath the hole.


So it was an absolute saga that ended like you thought it would, which was brute force and just destroying the fake green and the hole. And, but it was a fun two hours. I, I loved it because it was, you know, Harvard guy Fitzy trying to use all the brain power in the world trying to problem solve this. And at the end of the day, sometimes something as simple as a ball getting stuck in a hole, you just have to, you just have to be a man about it. Well that's, I was hoping Elon, I was hoping Elon was gonna chime in, you know, like the submarine thing that he did and this whole SpaceX thing, I don't know what he would've suggested. My, my three butter knives and two two by fours and trying to wedge it out of there didn't work.


I don't think my wife follows me on Twitter. I don't think she has an account. So she doesn't know that the three butter knives got broken. Mm. And they're still missing. Yeah. But it's gonna come up one day for sure. Now she does. Now she might be an AW l Yeah. Yeah. She listens. I I would've just, I would've just covered up the hole, made a new hole somewhere else and been like, that's it sold the house. That hole's done. Yeah. Yeah. Like we're we're done with that one. That, That was my favorite suggestion that somebody make made was like, when are you moving? Yeah. You know, why not just be, Imagine, imagine like the, the real estate agent being like, this is an incredible house. Great. Got great bones, but there's one thing we have to disclose before you sign. There's a shot put in the hole in the backyard. It's like, ooh, I don't think so. Yeah. Like, we not buying this One.


Like, I'll get the murder house down the street instead. Yeah. Oh my God. It wasn't, it was an incredible saga. Alright, so do you have, do, are you picking these games? Do you, do you have, I, I know that you want the bills. I mean, are we gonna get maybe a Ryan Fitzpatrick Super Bowl Bills commanders? That would be, would you mean the bell of the ball? Maybe do the, the coin toss P ft. You know, a lot of the, a lot of people are saying, you know, this is the most excitement they've had at quarterback in Washington since 2021. Yep. I would agree. That game against the Dolphins man, who can forget. Yeah. So, So who, so now you guys kind of taught me this. I have my own podcast with Andrew Whitworth and I just said that the Eagles were gonna win, but on here I could, can I say the commanders are gonna win?


So then you can play both takes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, good. So I think the bills are gonna win and let's go with the commanders, those commanders in the Super Bowl. I love that. That was, that's a really, that's a really good call. Good Pick. Okay. Yeah, yeah. There you go. Yeah. Well, a another question about the, the Chiefs bills game. What, is there anything that Sean McDermott can do this week leading up to it where he is like, 'cause you don't wanna play tentative, but we obviously saw what happened with the Texans where they're gonna call those flags. Or do you think maybe the N NFL's like, man, we can't have these flags again. So we're going to, we're we're gonna make sure that this game doesn't have another controversial call with Patrick Mahomes sliding or, or running outta bounds late.


Like how, how's that gonna play out in your head? Well that, so it was really funny, the, the second personal foul, Patrick Mahomes, when he kind of danced around and went down and got crunched by the two guys, I'm, I'm complaining, like, oh my, I can't believe he did that. He's baiting him into getting a flag. And, and then my buddy next to me was like, yeah, but Josh does that sometimes too true from Bills True. But, you know, both these guys have learned how to weaponize that a little bit, which you try to try to take that outta the game in the off season. But who do you know who the crew is? That's, it's either Hockley or Cleat Blakeman. Maybe it's Kleeman for the afc itt, yeah, Yeah, yeah. So, you know, the, the good thing is these are the best of the best.


So Cleat and his crew, they do a great job. They're obviously, you know, you go into the game and as a head coach you have a list of things you tell the refs beforehand, they're gonna say, Hey, they're tackles leave early. You know, Patrick Mahomes isn't running outta bounds. You'll have that checklist of things that you're gonna say, we wanna alert you to these, and vice versa. They'll do the same thing with the bills. But we gotta just hope for the best. You know, these are the best crews that we have. These guys, both Hockey Lee on the other side, other than being very long-winded and liking the spotlight, like his father and Cle Blakeman are both very good at what they do. So, Yeah. Yeah.


I mean, I, we just want, I just want the game to not have any of that bullshit. And if it does, I hope it has it equally on both sides. Yeah. I hope that they, they officiate the same way for Josh as they do for Patrick. And in that event you can just be like, well, it washed out. Yeah. And the speaking of, you know, calls, the last time the Commanders and the Eagles played Latimore, was it like three past interferences on AJ Brown? Yep. I mean, he had, it just kept happening. So hopefully that ends up a little bit better for him this time too. Yeah. He did look a lot better last week. Yeah. He, he was a big part of that defense and how they were able to limit some of the, the big plays to the lines. So I, I, I like the commander's secondary and a shocking twist as the season has progressed.


I love Mikey Sand still, and Marshawn Latimore is playing a lot better and Jeremy Chin is back there just hitting the fuck out of people. So Yeah, he is so, I'm, I'm okay with where we're at. I never thought we'd be a great defense this year. I just want us to be kind of middle of the road and I think we've, we've officially reached that tier, so well, I'm Okay with it. And if you're middle of the road on defense, you gotta create turnovers, right? You gotta, you gotta have some big plays. 'cause even, you know, going back to the Buffalo game this last weekend, their defense played good. They didn't play great, but they got three turnovers, you know, and that was the huge difference in the game. So it's like, you think back to the Mark Andrews had a catch. He was wide open, nobody was near 'em. And then, you know, they're driving down to score, but Terrell Bernard comes and punches that ball out.


So opportunistic, you know, that's gonna be the big word for these defenses. 'cause I would say Kansas City and Philly probably have the two best defenses that are left. But the bills have been very opportunistic this year in the way they forced turnovers and Washington's gonna need the same thing versus Philly this weekend. Yeah. Yep. I, I had one more question for you about the bills because you, you danced around the NFLA little bit. You had a lot of flings, you had a lot of one night stands in the NFL. Yep. But the bills, they were like your long-term relationship and you settled in nicely there. They paid you a good amount of money. That must have been pretty cool. But it feels like the Bills fans have a different place in your heart from everybody else in the NFL. What was the moment where you realized that Bills fans are different and you really like this place?


Well, I'll say my favorite moment as a bill was 2011, which was my third year there. And early in the season we beat the Patriots at home. And that was when I think people on the team that were new really understood like what the mafia is and how much football means to them. 'cause we hadn't beat the Patriots in forever. It had been forever. Tom Brady obviously owned the bills, owned the division forever. And the appreciation after that game, and the tears and the joy from all the fans, that was a moment that I'll never forget where it was like, all right, I can mess with these guys.


Like this is, this is, these are my dudes, these are my people. And there's also just, you know, flying back there for Sunday, it's like the weather is shitty. You know, you don't know if it's gonna snow two feet or two inches. The wind's blowing, it's cold. But everybody's out there in the parking lot with a smile on their face because they live for Bill's football. And the bills went 10 to Oh, at home this year. Yeah. So they rewarded them with a great season. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's the best. We've, we've made a couple trips, obviously to Buffalo and, And we love Josh and, and their, their fan base is, is it's just the, the like, the passion and pride in in Buffalo. It's, it's really cool to see. And they're, they're also like, if you, if you just lay it out like what fan base likes to drink beer and eat wings and Oh my God.


And like fart in their zeba that, you know, that's, it's a good life. It's a good life. I Had this, do you guys see the belt in the background here? Yeah. Yeah. Champ. So this guy was in our section. He came over, I had my three boys with me, 17, 16, and five. And he's like falling over. He'd dressed like macho man, Randy Savage. And he gave my 5-year-old that belt. And he was so excited. And, and then later he came, one of his buddies came back, 'cause I think he was fairly inebriated and he was like, Hey, can my friend have his belt back? And I was like, Hey, I'm sorry my 5-year-old was clutching and he slept with it last night. Yeah. You know, I'm like, look, I can get you another belt, but I don't think we're gonna get it away from 'em.


You gave it to him, man. Yeah. You can't, you taking, taking that away from a five-year-old at a game is like, you just basically should just get back in the car because you're going home anyway. Like, that would be meltdown city.


Alright, so Ryan, I got one last question. It's the Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take Rollback dot com, promo code, take QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


So you mentioned you everyone should go listen to your podcast with Andrew Whitworth. How has it been year into, you know, or, or a season into podcasting? Do you have a newfound respect for guys like Gus who've been in the, in the podcast minds for a decade plus now? I do. I'd love to pick your brain at some point. We haven't had any guests yet. We, we've just kinda, I, I think it's been easier because Thursday night football, you know, talking about our adventures, talking about all these games, as soon as the season ends, we're gonna be in a dark place. I don't know what to talk about. We're not interesting. I mean, but I guess the season, you know, football lives on throughout the year.


But it's been a lot of fun. I've enjoyed it. I was hesitant for a while, but I think I found the right guy in wit. Yeah. You know, we're, we're best buddies. He's such an impressive dude, you know, very thoughtful, very insightful. And then, you know, I just enjoy hanging out with him. He's a family guy. He's got four kids. I've got seven. So that part of it's been really fun too. Seven kids. Yeah. You've gotten things stuck in holes before. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Seven different women too, which is not a good What's Just kidding. Just kidding. Love lies. Love you lies. Yeah. E everyone, everyone do listen to fits and wit. You can listen anywhere. What, what is last question. What is the amount of kids where, like, it becomes enough where they can just fend for themselves?


Because I, I have three and I feel like three is a, a bad number where it's like they're, they all are relying on me and I don't have enough of an age difference where like the oldest can just take care of the youngest. Yeah. And then it depends too, like if your oldest is a boy or a girl, because you know, a like right, a 17-year-old boy is not as good as an 11-year-old girl in terms of taking care of the younger kids, right? Yes. I mean, the boys are are selfish. They're into their cell phones and their friends and sports and farting in their zoo bars, like you said. Yeah. So I think for us, once we got to four, that, that was a pretty good number. But really when we made the decision to go from six to seven, that's when you don't fit in a car anymore.


And you've gotta go with like a weird kids actually call our van the kidnapper van. So when you've gotta go, it's like the weird kidnapper van when you have, you know, 12 seats and you can kind of bring all their friends to the soccer games and basketball games. That's where we're at right now. That's crazy. Yeah. You you've become a nonprofit organization. Yeah. Yeah. You're, you're a you're doing church meetups like you, you know, going and picking people up The Jehovah's Witnesses. But we do have, we do have two drivers now. So now we're in a whole different realm where, hey, go pick up your sister from soccer practice. Go take your friend or your son to the birthday party, whatever. It's, That's nice. Yeah. Okay. And to the point about the podcast, I think what you're doing, it's not, not having guests might be a good thing for you guys because the listeners want to hear the relationship develop between you and then they, then they get, like, they feel like they're, they're part of, you know, a little family.


And then you can slowly add on guests after that, you know, in the off season sometimes, you know, okay, cool. In May, June, there's not a lot to talk about Then, then you start mixing in guests as a, as a treat. But yeah, no, your podcast is great and I, I love watching, I love listening to it. So congratulations. Yeah. Thank you. Hey, do you know, do you know who the long snapper for the Commanders is? The long snapper for the Commanders is, I hate to put you on the spot like this, but I, I'm, it's not Cheeseman it used to be Cheese Man. No, it used to be Cheeseman. Yeah, he is gone. He was there when I was there, but Tyler Ott. Okay. Do you know where he went to college? I do not. Harvard. Harvard. We got a Harvard boy snapping along. That's why you guys have the advantage.


Yeah. Wow. That's huge. That's huge. The Snaps have been really good this year. I don't think That's, you don't, if you don't know his name, that means they've been great. Yeah, they Jin great. I just jinxed it right there. I should have said that They did point for Max. Yeah. Point for Max. Alright, well Ryan, thank you so much for coming on, man. We love, love having you on and hopefully maybe we see you in New Orleans. We'll be there for the whole week, so we gotta catch up. All right, we'll see you there. All thanks guys.


Avi's gonna be brought to you by Dove Mens. What? Better guest to be sponsored by Dove Mens. We should send him a care package of this stuff. Yes. If you're preparing to host game day celebrations, you might have some possible whole body odor related issues. Maybe you're afraid to take your shoes off. Maybe you just don't want your guests to take your shoes off 'cause you're afraid what their feet are gonna smell like. You can be less confident in your hosting duties if you're thinking that you might be stinking up the joint. And if you're afraid to take off your shoes when you go into your friend's house, or if you get nervous when your team is down at halftime, you sweat a lot. We'll try dove men's whole body odor. Do it defends against all your odor zones from pits, privates, feet, and it's long lasting with 72 hour odor protection. Find dove men whole body do at Walmart today.


Okay, before we get to stop you, just a quick note. The first eight minutes of the interview, not the best audio, it comes in fine. We, we cleaned it up Riverside, which we u use all the time, which shout out to people at Riverside usually no issues. We had a little bit issue here. It gets better after eight minutes, but it's still Max and everyone on the team cleaned up the first eight minutes, so it should be good. But just wanted to note that it does get better. Eight minutes in and it's stave baby. Alright, here he is. Okay, we now welcome on our very, very good friend. It is Stavos Haus, stave baby. You can listen to him on Avi's World.


You can see his comedy. He's on tour, he's got a new movie, but his Baltimore Ravens lost again in the playoffs. And I love you stave. And I didn't want to ask, I waited 24 hours, but it was your appearance last year after they lost in the a FFC Championship Game was so goddamn funny and our fans loved it so much. Fuck you guys. Fuck you Big Cat. Shut the fuck up. Okay. I, I'm sorry, but like No, you're Alright. You're right, you're Right. You motherfucker. How are you? Hey, hold on a second. I'm in fucking Chicago. I'm like, Hey guys, I gotta fucking you move it now. Can I do the fucking show?


I don't hear fucking, Hey, we can fucking put you on anus. I get a, my fucking team lose. I go through heart break, I immediately get a fucking text you pieces of shit. Fuck you guys. That's not fully true. Fuck you. You said you were gonna come back to do PMT. Yeah. Fuck you. Shut the fuck up. I know what you, what you fucking motherfuckers want. Savi. When I saw you, I went, first of all, I went to your movie. Yep. Which was very, very funny. 50 You did. Thank you. Appreciate the invite. I you did. And we agreed afterwards. Next time you're in town, let's get you on PMT. I'm the schedule, I'm the schedule didn't match up.


Yeah, Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm mad and I'm taking it out on you. Okay, so how are you feeling? Bad Big Cat. Okay, Let's talk it out. Am I, am I coming? Sorry, am I echoing? Is something weird happening? The mic's cutting out just like A little bit. It's cutting out a little bit, but I think because it's Riverside it'll be fine. What we got Max? Yeah, I think he's just, he's just, just peeking. So Oh, you're, you just, oh, peeking because you're yelling too much. Alright, so, okay, so let's talk it out. I mean, that sucked. That sucked. Yes it did. It was fucking brutal. It was like, I don't fucking know, dude. I don't even know what the fucking say. So at, at the end of the month, they're gonna do the NFL honors ceremony.


Lamar Jackson might get another MVP. Is that gonna feel good at all for you to watch that? I'm not one of these motherfuckers that thinks Lamar was the problem at all. Look, that fucking interception was a duck. That was crazy. He fucking threw a quarter of his season's interceptions in this fucking game. He was fucking awesome. And he throws like a no disrespect jamis style interception, where it's like, who the fuck was he even throwing to that? Like, I thought I was having a stroke. The fucking build guy just caught it like he was fair catching. Yep. I couldn't believe that. But it's like, okay, he got that shit out of his system. Whatever. He comes back when it fucking matters. Hey, look, it's slippery. What, what do you want for the fucking guys from Florida? He doesn't know fucking snow.


You've seen his fucking high school highlights. It's humid, but it's not cold. The fucking bar outta his hand. Okay. And then at the fucking end, he takes them down, we get the touchdown, throws it to Andrews. And I feel bad for Andrews too, because he's fucking good. But that's a tough one, man. You do have to catch that one. Plus the fumble again, I feel bad for him, but it's like this what, three fucking turnover. And we could've, we were in that game. That was, he didn't play bad. Yeah. And then the fucking, why the fuck did we throw the ball? And when we were fuck first in goal, where the fuck did we run it four times? Our, the whole, that's the kind of fucking team.


We're fucking Derek Henry. What the fuck did we bring Derek Henry if we're fucking goal line and they're not gonna throw the fucking ball. Somebody explain that to me. I it's the only time in my life I wish Greg Roman was our fucking offensive coordinator. That fucking, you know, that cock sucker would've ran it four times. He doesn't even know how to pass this playbook, but Todd Mon got fucking when we beat. Yeah. Why didn't you? And we score that down. Whole different fucking game. Whole different fucking game. Oh dude, I don't fuck. It was just like, it was bad. I keep like it's, we were good.


We didn't even deserve fucking good. And we the fuck, when we were playing Pittsburgh, I feel like every play tj, TJ Watts tackling a fucking running back that we tricked those dumb asses into think he was gonna get the ball. And then Lamar, where the fuck was that? We, that's our power. That's what makes Lamar as like, even better than the best then Jock Allen, for example, which like, yeah, he can throw the ball. Yeah, he can run. But also these motherfuckers don't even know how to defend against run defense. Where the fuck did that go, go? I didn't see now maybe I missed it. You guys are fucking, you guys have the keen eyes that I don't, I don't, I you guys are bigger football guys than me. I am a football guy, but I'm not, I don't watch fucking Maxin or whatever the fuck.


So maybe I miss brother fucking plays. First of all, you are a football guy. Don't ever, don't ever put yourself down like that. I don't like that. We needed that. Thank you. The Lamar thing is tough because he has, he's so goddamn good in the regular season. Yeah. That everyone expects that in the Playoffs. And he has not played at the so goddamn good level in the Playoffs. So it's like, it's his own, it's his own doing that. Everyone expects this level of like, other worldly quarterback play and the two, the two turnovers. I mean, that fumble was huge. Mark Andrews fumble was, was the, was the, was the thing that changed the whole game. But I, I don't know.


I mean, I guess I would to, to try to cheer you like you're still a good team and you gotta just go back at it, right? Yeah, I guess. And look, I know the yes, that Humble was fucking huge and but that is the exact reason Lamar can't have two turnovers because as the, as the fucking leader Yeah, your boys are might fuck up. Right? And you're the one who has to make up for that. I get that. And you're right. He's never played to the standard that he plays when we're, when we're beating, you know, whatever that game, we beat Cincinnati with him and Joe Burrow doing that dual, he didn't play to that. I get that to, you know, to suck Pft stock. He didn't play as good as a rookie, you know what I mean? Like Jayden, it's tough to even be like, that's the tough counter argument.


And I hate how happy this is gonna make you, where it's like Lamar is the man, but some, a fucking rookie with his skillset not as good a player yet, if ever probably not as good, but like had the fucking mentality to just, and he wasn't whatever he playing a fucking actually fuck you pfp. It was the elements that got to him. I love that. I I love that Staava. You were, you were a second away from giving and you're like, no, no, I'm not. I'm not wrong. You are wrong. Fuck you. Yeah. Yeah. If you was in, if we were in a whole different ball game, pfd, fuck you. But this is the exact conversation we're having about Pete Manning. Yes. Would you rather have Tom Brady?


Sure, but cool Pete Manning. That fucking makes guys miss and is electrifying. And I still have to watch football every week. That's, that's how you know it's a bad loss because I'm fucking Buddhist now. I'm like, and it's got me thinking about, well, I'd rather be them than you, for example, Big Cat. Yes. You know? Yes. Now I'm moving against you. Now I'm like, fuck Ben Johnson. I'm like, everything's gonna go bad for everybody else. Fraud. Too many fucking flee flickers. Enjoy that fucking picks. He's gonna throw. Caleb's gonna fucking throw next year. Fuck you guys. Fuck. How the fuck did we lose? And like, and like And what? You didn't lose the Chiefs. That's a little bit of a solace. Not if they win the fucking Super Bowl. I know, I know.


Yeah. So are you gonna be rooting for the bills this weekend? That's the hard thing because I have a lot of friends who are Bills fans. It's a fat city. Okay. I'm rooting maliciously against the, the Kansas City Chiefs and I'm rooting, there's no malice with the bills. It is like a, I I like Buffalo in the NFC. I could give a fuck. I mean, you know, whatever. Who cares? Just whoever. It's beat the fucking, I dunno. Just beat whoever does it beats the chief shot. Yeah. Yeah. It sucks every time. It won't be as bad as last year. Last year destroyed me. Yeah. I would fucking like, I mean, literally after the Super Bowl, here's how bad, what a bender.


I went on. I mean, you have proof of it. I've been sober since the Super Bowl. After that bender. I was like, what am I doing with my life? I have not smoked weed, drank, taken pills, nothing. Because I was so depressed after the Ravens lost to the Chiefs. So it literally put me into sobriety. That lost fucked me up so bad. I watched it. I was in Baltimore. I had to watch stupid fucking Red confetti fall on m and t Bank Stadium. It sucked Dick. So on some level nothing is as devastating as that. Yeah. Especially like, we're away from the Super Bowl, but like, fuck dude, we were so good. Yeah. Our offense was so fucking, and then the defense, which was, you know, took some while to fucking come around.


We were looking pretty good. There's, you know, a couple guys will get fucking torched every once in a while. But for the most part, you know, shout out to fucking Zack or he's figured the shit out. He's cool. I like our, I like our guys. I do. But then I'm also, you know, salary cap. I haven't looked into it. I'm a team. Never stays good this long. I'm sure we're in for some bullshit departure and we're a good organization. I get it. Whatever. But fuck dude. You know how it is. You gotta win. If you have, if you're, if you're this good a team, you gotta fucking win. And I'm happy to have Lamar for the rest. I don't want him ever going anywhere. Don't get me wrong. And we will be good as long as we have him. But fuck, every 12 years.


That's the pact we signed with Satan. It's the perfect amount. It is. Every 12, sixth grade. I was in sixth grade, I was 25. It's like, it's the perfect space out, bro. It Is, yeah. It is Sad because it's like, that's enough time where you're wanting more. It's a new, it's a new team. You're like, oh, this could, When you were doing your numerology, did you ever take into account the fact that it's, it's only happened twice, so it's not really that much of a pattern. It just happened twice before As it happened. Only twice. But it's happened. But how long have the fucking Ravens been a franchise? It's pretty quick after that. You fucked. Yeah. I'm just saying it's only t Like if it was three times, then you could say Yeah, it's, it's every 12 years. I think It was the 28-year-old quarterback thing. Yeah. The 20-year-old quarterback thing was what I, because I saw that stat and I was like, whoa, this is real.


It was two pieces of numerology. Thank you Big Cat. Yes. I got you Fucking statistics over there. PFT. Fuck you. I'm just, I was just saying like that any team that won two Super Bowls, you could be like Yeah. Or if you're a Cubs fan, you could be like, yeah, the Cubs win a World series every 102 years or whatever the fuck it was. Two, two pieces of numerology. Yeah. I'll order two. I'll, how do you feel about, about Harbaugh now? I mean, I ride with Harbaugh, but it is a little like, because here's the real shit, we shouldn't have been playing in fucking Buffalo. I know. Why the fuck did we lose to the Raiders? Yeah. I mean, I mean, you look through our fucking schedule, it's like, what the fuck man?


Like why were we penal? I mean, look, the first game, Hey, remember that the lining up away from the fucking center call that we got 15 fucking times opening night. Did you see that called fucking once after that. I mean, these motherfuckers, it was literally like, make up a rule. So the ravens loose to the fucking chiefs. I didn't see that shit all season called on the Ravens. It happened only in opening night. Whatever. We'll take that one aside. But it's like we were a fucking penalized team. It weirdly, it's shit that's like poorly coached shit where it's like, why are we beating ourselves? Why do we almost lose to the fucking shitty cowboys? Why the fuck did we, like, why, why are we not ready to play?


And our defense, like, you could blame it on new coordinator. You know, it was hard to lose. It was hard to lose fucking McDonald. But like by the end of the season we'd figured that out. Yeah. We figured our defense out. It was all the early, it was not the defensive coordinator, the new defensive coordinator was the problem. It was overall coaching shit. And I do love harbor. I do. I, but it is like, it's not, he's not, he's in no way is he on a Hot Seat. But it's like it ain't cold no more. You know what I mean? It's like, let's cons. Now I take, I took out the thermometer. I'm looking at thermometers on Amazon. I haven't even bought it yet, but it's like, if I need at some point to see the temperature of his seat, I'm at least seeing what the best, I'm reading reviews on the best thermometer to see how hot the seat is.


So we're very far away. But it is poorly coached shit. It is like, why the fuck are we, this is the whole point of a like doesn't call plays, doesn't do shit. He's like a fucking, he's that traditional old school. I'm just managing everything coach. And it's like, well how the fuck did we lose a lot of games because of penalties? If that's the fucking case. Yeah. You know what I mean? And it's like, if we're at home, I don't think we lose that game. Who knows about next week. Right? Whatever. But I don't think we fucking lose at home, honestly. You gotta become just, just a full-time dome guy. Like what's the league doing? Allowing Buffalo to build a stadium. It's dangerous.


It gets so cold up up there. The snow I and I have, that's another thing. That's how bad this loss was where I'm like, we're playing outside. What is this? The fucking 1910s. What the fuck are we doing? Let's, oh, let's play the NBA finals on a fucking blacktop next year. Like, it's got me, it's got me being like, it's crazy to have snow games. What are we talking about? The elements can't, makes that much of a fucking, can't make that much of a fucking, you know, can't fuck the outcome up, even though that's crazy. Snow football's cool, but it's got me considering shit like that. Yeah. Yeah. You're changing your, your world of, all right, so listen, it sucked. Let's think positives one, I wanna say here and now. 'cause I believe that Lamar will win a Super Bowl at some point.


I Think so too. Thank you. I I think he'll win a Super Bowl at some point. This is just, it, it's been shitty, but like he's too good. I just think he'll win a Super Bowl when he wins a Super Bowl. I'm not saying if when he wins a Super Bowl for the Ravens, you'll be our Monday guest that right after the Super Bowl. You deserve that. You will get to Thank you. You'll get to, even if they go to a Super Bowl, you'll be, we will have you on after the championship zone round. Yeah. Also, you're crushing it in life. Like you made a movie. Your podcast is huge. Your standup is huge. Like, you got it all right now. You probably getting mad bitches. Yeah. I suppose Big Cat. But you know how it goes man. Yeah, Yeah. No, it sucks.


There's nothing worse the week after a bad loss. It's just like, you, you start to question why you, you start to look at the rest of your life and you're like, I have so much shit going for me. Why do I put so much into a game? I know. And here's the other thing that, the reason I say I'm not a huge, as big a football guy is like, 'cause there was moments in my life where I was like, ah, I, you know, do I have to watch this every Sunday? Like, who cares? Like, and then Lamar gets drafted and it was like I was back in harder than I've ever fucking been. I was like, I couldn't believe he fell to us. It's really Lamar. And it's like, why, why you motherfucker, why couldn't we have drafted fucking Mitch Trubisky?


You know what I mean? Then I'd be, then I'd be, I'd be on, I'd be having good times on Sunday. I'd be fucking at brunch with my pals. I wouldn't give a fuck. But I'm back in. 'cause I love Lamar so much and it's hard, man. I wanna be free Big Cat. But I don't, I I don't think I ever will be. Yeah. I don't think I ever will be. And I do want to. Yeah. I do wanna not be a fan of anything. Yeah. But unfortunately this bullshit makes me so sad. I know. I think about that like, like how cool it would be to just be like, watch the Super Bowl. Like turn it on and just be like, oh, this is cool. First time. I'm seeing these two teams this year Be the guy that doesn't know the rule changes at the Super Bowl. Yeah. Yeah. One else explains it to, Yeah. Oh, is that, is that Patrick?


He's won a couple of these. Right? Like, shit like that. It'd be nice. Yeah. You like, guys, turn the volume up. There's a Doritos commercial. Shout out Doritos our sponsor. Yeah, Yeah. Become a, become a sports sports ball guy. Yeah. Oh, the ga Oh, the s sports is on tv. Huh? And then just look down your nose at everybody. Yeah. Yeah. It would be nice. Yeah. I'm sorry, savi. It breaks my heart to see you. I'm happy for you. I'm happy for you. That was awesome. Yeah. It's, it's cool. But I, I understand what you're saying. Like if you're, if you're looking at the Eagles and the Commanders, you probably do wanna see the Eagles win because you don't wanna see my Lamar get to a Super Bowl. Yeah, I get it. You just copied. You copied me.


Dude. You your own Lamar. That's bullshit. Yeah. You copy And pasted a Lamar Bullshit. Dude. Fuck you. No, I don't know. And it's, it's also like, it's also the DC thing with Baltimore where it's like, DC's a bunch of fucking, I know you're from Virginia, but DC's a bunch of fucking nerds. It's a bunch of fucking losers that want to be in politics. It's like every s every like student government president, tattletale, lanyard wearing motherfucker is a DC fan. That's, that town sucks, Dick. You know, that's where they did pizza. You know, it's like where billionaires molest children with the president and it's like, I gotta watch that team fucking win. I gotta watch that team fucking win.


Or you know, and Philly at least is like, they are our white trash cousin. There's so much similarity to Philadelphia and Baltimore that it's like, I don't know, there's a little part of me is like, it would've hurt me to have to face Philly in the fuck. It's like a battle of, of it's like those civil war. It would've been a Battle of Brothers. The Hatfield and McCoys. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But anyway, who knows man, I just, I can't have the fucking Chiefs win. They will. They fucking will. Yeah. They'll man, because that's how the world works, because we're in a time where evil prevails. Everything is going bad. Fucking Mark Zuckerberg's on TRT stealing all our fucking information as we fucking speak. They're rolling back civil rights shit.


The fucking, the fucking chiefs are gonna win again. We're fucked, dude. Nothing good is ever gonna come. We gotta, we gotta hope for like President Travis Fucking Travis. Whatever the fuck the Kelsey Kel, Travis Kelsey Jr. The only way we'll fucking have a Yeah. He'll be president. Him and Taylor Swift's son will be elected. God, God Emperor of America in fucking 35 years, dude. Oh Yeah. Well, savi I mean, I, I wanna tell you that it gets better. You're, at least you have your health. Look what a better place You are. The raven is still good right now. They're still good. We're still good. But this is tough. Two coming off these two back to back.


I know. That's the tough thing is like, we are good. And that's what, that's what the, we are still, you know what this is like, it's like you have the best girlfriend of all time. Everything's great. And she just gets drunk. Sucks one guy off. I can get past it. I can get past it. 'cause everything else is perfect. And it was maybe a one time thing, but when I'm dark, when it's dark and I'm in my room alone, I'm imagining her sucking that guy's dick. You know what I mean? And that's what this was. The fumble is sucking a guy's dick. The drop it sucking a guy's dick, not running for it on fucking second. And goal is sucking a guy's dick. And I have to think about that. Even though I love my wife, the Ravens, she stuck.


The guy's cocking Cabo and I have to fucking live with that. And you know what? She actually did it two years in a row and I'm, and then she's on thin ice now, now that I think about it. Yeah. And next year you're gonna be going back to Cabo and you're like, God, damnit, We Win. We Have to Win. Yeah. I, I can't let her outta my sights next year. Like I guess we're just, We're just Swingers now. He's got a gun Next year. It's gonna go bad. I was actually saying on the Yak earlier, you know how they're, they're flagging gun celebrations. You know how they Gotta do it.


You Know how they, they flag gun celebrations now in, in college in the NFL. Yeah. Would they have flagged Mark Andrews after he dropped the ball? If he took out a fake gun and shot himself? That would've been awesome Actually. If you just unloaded the clip at his own head. Like, could you flag that? Or you're just like, all right, fair play man. It's not taunting. Yeah. Unless you're including like how the trauma that the defense would go through watching you shoot yourself. Yeah, I want to see someone do it. I wanna see someone do it. That Would be good. Like a kick or miss, a big kick. He's just like, ah, Shotgun In the mouth. His, His holder takes out the shotgun and hands it to him.


He just commits sep kuda. Oh man. Oh, That would Be awesome. Alright, Wells, I got one last question for you. Thank you though for coming on. You are, you are a hero. I did wait 24 hours. I You did. You did. I appreciate That. That I did turn to PFT in the gambling cave as the game was ending. And I was like, I think I'm gonna text Davey. And I was like, but I'm gonna wait 24 hours. So I did wait 24 hours. Appreciate that. And you know what? You waited 24 hours, but it's like, in my mind, you texted me the moment the game ended. Yeah. Yeah. But I Has been so painful. But, alright, so Rollback question R-H-O-P-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs Polos hoodies. Jockers shorts. I'm still laughing about you taking out a gun there.


Alright, let's talk positive. What do you got going on? You're coming to Chicago in April, so we'll see you. I'm Coming to Chicago. I want you guys to be there. Chi Chicago. Yeah. Chicago Theater. Please come out. Yeah. I have a huge tour coming out the, the Dream Boat tour. It's like over 40 cities. We're doing a tour bus. It's gonna be a big, a big time tour. I'm very excited about that. Please buy tickets to see me. I won't kill myself if some of those, if those shows sell out and Yeah, that's, I mean it's the tour, the movie, let's start a cult available on demand. And we're working to get it on Hulu pretty soon. And yeah, Davey's World, it's really, I really want people to see the, like, to come see me live. You know?


It'll, it it's a good show. It's a really, it's a fun show, I promise. And yeah, watch the movie. We have, we have the, the We podcast. That's, that's pretty much it, man. I'm gearing up for basically three months of being on the road. It's gonna be, it's gonna be really fucking Fun. The tour. So April 18th he's gonna be in Madison and then he's coming down to Chicago, April 19th. Two shows at Chicago Theater. I might just invite myself to go up to Madison, see you there, and then hop on the bus with you. Dude, That'd be fun. Look, You're welcome. Okay. You're welcome to do that. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, we would love to have you. Yeah, We'll Definitely. Yeah. We'll we'll be out in Chicago, buy tickets, see the movie if you wanna see Stevie's Balls.


See this movie? You do See there's, there is plenty of nudity mean my nudity on that motherfucker for sure. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, tha that's it. So go to Stai Biz for the rest of the dates. That's Chicago and Madison. But I start February 21st in ca in like Sacramento and then we, we end February or we end May 11th in or May 12th in DC So it's literally like we're doing the west coast, the south, the Midwest and then we're gonna come back and hit more of the East coast in the fall. But yeah, sta biz, that's pretty much it. Yeah. Thanks guys. Yeah, I actually do feel better. Good. Having spoken to you.


Getting it out for real. At least it wasn't festering for two weeks because I last, last year I really was depressed for two straight weeks. Yeah, It's, that was bad. 'cause it's Vegas and everything was on your birthday and just, and just to, to put a bow on it. Weta, he did when he came here last time, he was like, I'm gonna be back in a week, so I'll come on PGI Know, I know. I'm Fucking with you. Fucking with you. But so I was like, I remember I was like, fuck. Did we, No, no, no, no, No, no. By the way those guys are funny. Yeah, no shots at them. It was just, you know, of course I get the quick, we can move some shit around when the Ravens loose. That's, I did say out the Ravens loose, my text to him was literally like, Hey, can you come on tomorrow?


We can do any time. I know I last minute even said, I moved it two hours just to see how open you really work. And you're like, no problem man. We'll figure it out. We Got it dude. We also could have, we'll stay here till midnight. We could've talked About anything on this podcast. We weren't necessarily just gonna talk about the Ravens The whole time stuff. Yeah. You started talking about the Ravens we didn't even wanna bring in. Right, right. Meet you. Just wanted, it had just been too long, huh. Fuck guys. All right. We love you man. Thank you so much.


You guys all Sta you was brought to you by Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings, Uber Eats is gonna be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See the app for details.


Okay, before we get to pardon your take, does everybody know what season it is? Season of love, season of Love Soup season. Soup Season. Well, yes. Basketball. Basketball soup season. I'll take those answers. That's right. But it's also tax season, which we all know Hank is not a fan of. How you feeling about that, Hank? Yeah, I mean we, we've been talking about it. I tax season this year has been a breeze. All thanks to Tax Act. I've had a lot of issues doing my taxes in the past. It's long been documented on the show and this year I got ahead of it. I said, I'm gonna get some help and I'm gonna use Tax Act. And they've been super easy and super helpful. They have professionals. They make it super easy to use. They have US-based tax experts who know the ins and outs of the tax system. They answer all the questions. They've made it super easy. It seems super easy. And you guys should use tax tax too, that if you need a little help or a lot, there's a level of service for you. There's tiers that you can use. You can talk to a credentialed tax expert, an EA CPA or a tax attorney. And every tax expert is based in the us So you should check out tax act.com for yourself and get, get ahead of your taxes. Be like me, don't like, don't be like me of 2017. Don't wait till last minute. Get ahead of your taxes. Go to tax act.com and find the level that works for you.


Love It. Love it. Alright. Pardon your take time Hank. Yeah. If everyone's memories were erased and all sports were introduced to the world in the Olympics, what do you think would be the new most popular sport in the world? Football. Oh, Good question. I I, I I want to say football, But it's gonna be flag football, right? Yep. Maybe flag football. But that guy's better than Patrick Mahomes. Hmm. That five seven quarterback we have Like monster trucks would be pretty sick. I feel like basketball. Why? Just Athletic. Yeah. But football rocks.


It's hard to, it's hard to, Football does not rock in the Olympics. Honestly. The question is, is your memory's gonna race in your first exposure to sports? Is the Olympics. The Olympics? Got It. I think the answer for somebody that's never seen sports before would be boxing. Boxing would be pretty, you'd be like, holy Shit, these guys are just beating the fuck out of each other. Yeah. Boxing would be pretty sick. Boxing basketball, a hundred meter dash, I don't know. The Olympics are kind of boring. If you thought like that was the only sports you had, water Polo Speed walking, they got rid of it. That, that's electric break dancing. Yeah. If we did break dancing, break dancing. But if we did it right now, speed. Walking's the funniest by far. Rugby.


Rugby be up there. Rugby Probably would be rugby. I mean, if you're saying football, it'd be rugby. Yeah. 'cause it's not flagged rugby. It's, it's full on rugby. Yeah. Hockey. If we did winter Olympics hockey would be enormous. 'cause I think it would still, it would be less about the, in individual sports would be team sports. People would still wanna to get behind that. I think if they use real swords fencing. Yep. Yep. Or if they used guns for like duals and stuff. I know they shoot targets. That would be pretty cool. Yeah. Oh, ski jumping. That shit's wild when I watch that. I, it blows my mind every time I feel like people would be pretty into ski jumping. Just being like, how far, because like, the premise of ski jumping is, is cool in its own right.


Like it's, it's almost like a activity you would do when you're seven years old in terms of like, how, how high can I go off this jump with my bike except for ski. So I, I feel like ski jumping would've a good run. It's also just an insane sport because you, you should die. Yeah. If you jump that far skis off a mountain. Correct. Not so much as a take, but more of a question. I didn't write this, by the way. Where the fuck do Philly fans get off acting like they're in the sports mecca of the world. Max is able to talk trash with all confidence. A baseball team that has been around a hundred years with two World Series wins the last one 16 years ago. A basketball team who hasn't won since the eighties. And a football team that's won once since the merger.


He wants to talk about winners. Billy is the best team at being second. They're the most prideful, obnoxious fans who literally have Dick to show for it. So seriously, where does he get off? When have I ever said that I'm a winner? I want to, Didn't you call Philly the city of Champions? City of champions Loading That, that was what, five years ago? I said loading. Loading. Did you just write this? I I I am a loser. How many times do I have to come on this fucking show and tell every person who's listening that I'm a fucking loser? Hank, just two weeks ago you were just yelling at me because I was talking. You, you said the question like you wrote the question. I, You know, he specifically Said by saying, I did not write this question. That's a fact. He did say that, but he Didn't mean it.


Not that max this week we're winners. That's true. This week we're gonna fucking run the ball of pf t's dick hole. Let's ha. Yeah. Have a good week Max. I mean, Nova last night, Shut up. Yeah. What happened? You guys beat DC Right? They lost to Georgetown. Oh no. As nine point Favorites. They're in Washington. Yeah. Didn't score for the last five minutes of the game. Yeah. So I, I mean I do respect Philly sports fans because they care this much. Correct. That's what IIII hate them when I play them. I do not want to go into the link as an opposing fan. That's what sports should be the clip of. Like they do, they do a good job. The clip of the link, the guys in the top row of the link celebrating after the saquon run with the snow coming down is like, that is pure sports ecstasy.


Like that that clip alone is why they should never take away, you know, weather games and put everything in domes like that clip. Yeah. Was was was just everything. Yeah. I don't think Max says that he's a winner. He's just, PA Philly is like, they're scumbags. It's, but it's also a unique sports city and the fact that they are, they are so passionate about their teams and like to a level of scumbag rea I respect it. I like it. Yeah. I mean you think you need that. You think about Philly sports, you've got great fans like Bill Cosby. You've got eat that pussy. You've got Sandusky Sandusky, Joe Joe PAH was almost the coach there. Just like the list goes on. They're Don Vito from Viva Lebaum.


They've got great fans. You whatever. What No one even cares about fucking Washington sports. I do. Kevin Durant. Yeah. Wale Magic Johnson. What has he ever done? He got aids. This is an all caps head coaching interview. Should not happen until after the Super Bowl reason Exhibit A, the motherfucking Detroit Lions, Ben Johnson and Aaron Glenn both were interviewing the week leading up to the division game and it cost them, I don't they changed the rule already. It used to be that like this would happen and you could do in-person interviews. They both did like three hour zooms. I I I don't think that's the reason why the lions lost that game and they have changed it.


So that January 20th is the first time that coaches can do in-person interviews. I don't know. You're, I I think it's okay. I I it sucks. There's no way to solve the problem if you have a good Well it kind of, it already did a little bit, But it's still, I think it's still an issue. Like obviously Ben Johnson was getting his staff together during the week, But you think a three hour zoom, I mean Well no, but This Getting the staff. Yeah. Yeah. I get that. I get that. That was, that was, and it's just copio from losing. But yeah, I could, I could see Lions fans being frustrated. Yeah. But I don't think they lost that game 'cause of coaching. No, but five turnovers, it's a fair commanders were better. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you could say that like, at least one of those turnovers was the Ben Johnson play where he had Anderson The ball.


Yeah. That was James and William throwing the ball where he short Throw it. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So I, I I understand the Probably called the play because he forgot that he was calling a game. 'cause he was already thinking about his, his new job. I I don't think that it's like a, a massive, massive thing. There's no way to really fully stop it either. 'cause it's gonna happen. And this is what you have when you have a good team, you're gonna lose your coordinators. It sucks. So the problem with that is, and here's the only reason why I push back, is you are, it's in, in your mind, you're saying you're protecting the teams obviously going deep and it's like a, a playoff team, or sorry, a team that misses the playoff shouldn't get a benefit of being able to hire a coach like quickly in January. But the real loser in all of that is the coach.


Like if you don't let the coaches of the Super Bowl team even do a Zoom interview, they're never gonna get hired. 'cause the teams will wanna move faster than that. So that coach is getting screwed for their own success. Maybe you make a rule, you can't hire a coach until a week after the Super Bowl, But like any coach Any coach, okay. I don't know, but I don't think there's a great answer to it. Yeah. But the coach would lose out, like the, the coach getting the opportunities would lose out because they were good at their job. So that's where it would kind of suck. Yes, I'll change it. They already did change it again. They, they made it better. Like the fact that you have to do zoom to start is pretty good. Alright, last one.


Notre Dame losses are worse than any other team's losses because I can literally blame God for ignoring my prayers. Mm. What's the point of having a dead cousin if he can't come through for a Natty? BYU doesn't count because Mormonism isn't real and God hates Boston College. Okay. Maybe that's why they don't lose anybody to the transfer portal because you, you can tell your players like, Hey, if you transfer, you're going to Hell yeah. Texas Christian University. Do they have this? I mean, it's in the name. I don't know. I don't know the They did pretty, pretty good in the national championship, didn't They? Southern USMU made it to the playoff. Yeah. The God team's having a moment. No, not really. 'cause you lost.


Yeah. I You lost a crusade. I thought he was gonna say because everyone likes to make fun of Notre Dame, but yeah, I guess you could. I think that would be the more shitty part. You could always say that like, this is God testing you. Yeah. Like Bill Belichick said, do your job. It would be so funny if like, God, if God were real and ever revealed himself and was like, I've been rooting for this the whole time. Or, or like, I don't even watch sports you guys. Yeah. This is like, how, why the fuck were you guys saying that? Do you know, do you know how flooded my inbox was with sports? You idiots? Yeah. God, I don't know. Would God be a sports fan? I think he's got a lot of, if, if God exists, I think he's got a lot of other issues working On. If I was God, I would, I would fix all the sports.


Yeah. So sorry Notre Dame fan. But yeah, IIII don't know if it's God that that had that, I think it was more like not having enough five stars. But if you want to go there, that's fine. Yeah. Like blame who you gotta blame. Yeah. However you cope is, is completely That's what I was saying earlier. Normalize like bad losing. Yeah. Give God some bulletin board material. Yeah. That's what Martin Luther did when he nailed that shit on the door. Yeah. Nailed it right there. All right. Good. Show boys numbers. Numbers nine. We'll go eight. And God does hate the Jets. 3 11, 5. Okay. Shane? Pug.


Jack. Jack. Get Jack. Nine. Nine. Pug. Get Jack on 45. Jack. Jack, you said, you said on Sunday if, if the lion's loss means that Ohio State doesn't win. And we pointed out that those two things have literally nothing to do with each other. Ohio State won thoughts. It was horrible. Okay. Yeah. Maybe don't make that trade again. Yeah, I won't. Okay. All right. Shane. 21. Alright. Me. What was your number again? Eight. I have 3 70, 70.


Love you guys.