
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's Pardon My Take, we have our good friend Ryan Ello dress ridiculously great time with him. We actually recorded on his 49th birthday, so it was a great time with him. We have the Mount Rushmore of Best Feelings. We have six Mount Rushmores left, so it's coming down to it. We're gonna talk some preseason. This is like the last week before football really starts. Not a ton going on, but we can talk some preseason.


We're gonna do Who's back of the week. We also have to talk about Hank Lighting the lighthouse. Ringing the bell, ringing the bell of the lighthouse. Keeping the lighthouse. Keeping the lighthouse. Great show.


It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. If. You've been hungry for some college football. Well, we finally get a taste this weekend. Don't miss any of the action Jump in at DraftKings Sportsbook. It's a small but mighty slate of games for week Zero, including a big matchup in Ireland. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win Go to the DraftKings Sports book app. Select your team and place your first bet. This is gonna be DraftKings biggest college football season to date. Enjoy the ride now all the way through the expanded playoffs. We're so excited. The Florida State Georgia Tech game is the Ireland game. It's gonna be great. What is the line for that? Can someone find that for me? Oh, I got it right here. Florida State's an 11 half point favorite Florida state. Maybe this is them showing out that they should have been included in last year's playoffs. Gotta think that angle. And for all the newbies getting into college spirit, here's something extra special. New DraftKings customers be five bucks. Get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big with DraftKings. All college football season long. Download the DraftKings Sports Gap now and use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Plus, agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go Higher. Oh, Pardon My Take is ended by Barstool Sports.


Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Score big with DraftKings all college football season long. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now and use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, August 19th and this is the first show that we are doing in the midst of royalty Lighthouse royalty. The keeper of the light. We are with the keeper of the light slash bell. Henry Lockwood is back in studio. Hank, I don't know. Should we bow to you? What I mean, are you a sir? Are you persie? Yeah. Are you a knight? I'm a keeper. You're a keeper. You're officially a keeper. I don't think a knight would light the light, right? No. Well he didn't You break the knight? Neither did he. That's true. You kept the light. So where's the light? Do you have it right now? Yeah. Is it still on? It is still on. Okay. I think you just keep it inside you.


Yeah, you always, you have that light, this little light of yours so you so ex tell everyone. 'cause we, you know, we, we talked about it briefly when we taped our Mount Rushmore on Wednesday that people were listening to, but we didn't get the full recap of you keeping the light slash ringing the bell and also maybe sprinkling a little Matthew Judon. Yeah, Matthew Judon. That happened the day after we recorded. He did get traded. I mean, he, he's a little bit older. He wasn't probably gonna resign. Oh, That's Good. Speed. You got your Talking points. Yeah. It's good if the, if the Patriots, you know, have a top five pick, God knows how that would happen, then they're gonna have, you know, five draft picks in, in the top one 50, I think. Yeah. I I thought you said that. And That's how you rebuild. I thought you said ongoing talks were productive and good, I think, but they realize it's probably best for both parties Yeah.


To trade them. So it was good. You know, everybody's happy. Yeah, everyone's super happy. This is actually the best thing that's ever happened. Is the draft cutoff usually one 50. Is that where we're the top one 50? I can't think. It's like halfway through the fourth round. No good players have ever been picked past one 50. Especially not with the Patriots, but Five outta one 50 is good. Yeah. Is this, this was a talking point. Did they give you a little sheet being like, here's how we're gonna spin this. No, It was, you know, people were obviously like, that was the day of people were a little bummed out. But no, it was an amazing experience. Got there early. We got to go on the field pregame. Everyone warm up. Then they brought us, I How long did it take to go from the field to the lighthouse? You had to go all the way up. Yeah, we went old school stay. No, I'm just kidding.


It was, it was cool. They brought us up the elevator. It it's really tall, so it took a while to walk. Elevator. Elevator. Yeah. But like when you're, you know, it's kinda like, oh, it was a really, really, really tall elevator. It's a really tall white, and they do have a little announcer thing, kinda like a tour guide. Like you're in a Disney World or you know, a theme park or like Oh. So it's like a, a virtual tour where they say Welcome to the largest lighthouse in the continental us. Which, nice touch. Got It. 'cause I looked on the website and it's interesting because they have quotes around the word lighthouse, But that was actually really nice 'cause what he just said right there, it's, it's basically Disney World. Yeah. It's like, it's like going to Vegas and seeing the Eiffel Tower. Yeah. It's like Space Mountain isn't really a mountain. Yeah, right. But people love Space Mountain, right?


No. And People love Vegas. Listen, we're not, we're not saying there's not love. It's just like, it, it's more of an attraction than a lighthouse. Yeah. It's it's a lighthouse simulator, right? Yeah. So Hank Representative on a ride. It's, it's a representation of the region. You went on Ride region. Yeah. I gotta ask you, from the top of the lighthouse, you had a pretty good view. And I gotta say the the double fist pump that you gave to the crowd was incredible And. it, it seemed like they were eating out of the palm green. Oh My God. They were the scream. It was like the parade all over again. Yeah. Were you thinking at any point Encore, because it felt like the fans wanted an encore of you ringing the bell. We Can't unring the bell. Yeah, once you ring it once it's kinda rung, But it, like, it If you notice people weren't leaving. Yeah. And they were like sitting there like, come on, we want more.


Well, it Was a beautiful moment that you guys, you know, obviously are, are making jokes. but it was, we're all the way there. I said, I got jokes. Basically a hurricane. It's a real sports podcast. It was basically a, a hurricane going on in Foxborough before we showed up. We're, we're driving in, there's lightning, there's thunder, it's dark, you can barely see on the road. And as we're going up the light house, the sun emerged from the clouds. You know, the sun came out, the, the skies got bright. You said that already. Obviously, you know, because of the rain, the fans hadn't got there yet because it was such bad weather. They were probably needing a light to guide them into the stadium Preseason game And. it hadn't, it hadn't started yet. So Yeah, they said, you know, you're gonna ring the bell three times and turn around and face the crowd And.


it was, it was, I started laughing. I think you couldn't really see my face when I turned around. It was so funny. And I I instinctively did this. Yeah. And I heard like, let hear it, it was, I heard, I just saw seats and I heard like one, you know, There was a rogue clapper. The, there Was a lot of awls there though, for the amount of limited amount of people there, there was, you know, a good amount of a WL So thank you for, for, for shouting me out. When you were there, The behind the scenes clip you posted on your Instagram was so funny because it was like ringing the bell and then kind of silence and then someone behind, maybe it was one of your friends just started clapping And. it was kind of like a Jeb bush, please clap moment. Whereas like, we gotta we gotta do something here. Everybody wants to know though. Hank, you get up to the top of the lighthouse, you look at, I'm sure you looked for a federally recognized body of water.


Yep. Did you find one? There was trees were in full bloom. Yeah. Yeah. So I think the nap Ponton River was it, you could see through it a little bit, but it was pretty blocked by the trees, So you couldn't see it. Got it. Because I, I would imagine that If, you had seen the river, you would've taken like nine pictures of the river and been like, look at, It was also really still foggy from the, The rain. I think the sun came out. Yeah. But the, there was still some lingering fog, so you couldn't really see too, too far out 'cause of the fog. So you, but it was there. So You could see the sun though. Yeah, But not the trees, But like seeing far enough, you know, there's so much fog that the sun's Really far away. Yeah. Did someone was behind us, but, oh. Did Any boats crash into the stadium while you were up there?


Nope. Nope. Job. I kept it, well, I kept it. Well did You, did you get the vibe that maybe you are gonna be invited back for a regular season game? Yeah, I think that was a good first step. I think I, I, you know, I talked to Patriots After. you do? The Patriots were, they were amazing. They rolled out the red carpet. I, you know, thanked 'em the next day. They said you were great keeper of the light. Okay. One of the funnier moments was, you know, a very official woman came up with a very official, like big book. She's like, we need you to sign this. All the keepers of the lights sign it. And, it went through. There's only been 10, or I think I was the 10th. Oh, like, oh, Tom Brady. Tom Brady was the first one. Kenny Chesney, James White. Oh my god, God. Like the, you know, the a team that won the state championship And then Henry Lockwood.


And I was just laughing thinking about like two years from Now. it like there's actually, you know, a famous person who's not really familiar obviously, and they're going through that list and they're gonna be like, oh yeah. And they're just gonna like flip through my name like Henry Lockwood. And then Did you write Make-A-Wish Underneath It? No. There were actually was another Make-A-Wish kid was in one of the, in one of the, he was one of the 10. So You, when you say there was another Make-A-Wish you're there was make, you're admitting that you were a Make-A-Wish? It was, yeah. I mean, listen, it, it was a very cool moment. I didn't, you know, I didn't, summer Hank keeps Going. It was surreal. Yeah, it was surreal. It was awesome. It was very surreal. I didn't feel like I necessarily deserved it, but it was cool. They announced me, they said, you know, please welcome part of my take Brady four. Like, that was a very cool moment. Love it. And yeah, it was, it, it, it was sick.


Like the pictures, it's your world. The pictures will last forever. And I think I did a good job and, you know, oh, you crushed it. As things go along, like they're obviously gonna, you know, go through the roster of all the famous, you know, celebrity Patriot fans. But eventually they're gonna have to go back to the Well and they might just look through the book. Yeah. Who is number 10? Yeah. Let's bring him back. We know he can do the job. Yeah. It's, it's very good, Hank It's very, it's, they said it's a prestigious honor. I'm looking through the list of people here that have been asked to keep the light and it's like a general from the Army. Dante Carneia was asked to do it. What is Kenny Chesney? What's his connection? Because I feel like Kenny Chesney is just the, the guy that they invite whenever they need a celebrity sports fan to show up regardless of team. He does Country Fest there every year. Like he's a big, and I'm sure he is friends with the crafts, but that's always like a big concert at Gillette.


And I think he is a Patriots Fan. He just didn't have, oh, he might've done it. He might've done it for, I think he did it second. He might've done it for Army Navy for game day. No, he was second. He was the second person up there. So it was Tom. He did it first on the 10th. Then Kenny Chesney did it on the 17th. I feel like Kenny Chesney does three different college game days a year too. Yeah. Did you guys win? We did not. When they also, I will say, I know they said the person up up top, the person who was, you know, stationed up there, they said Kenny Chesney was really nervous and I was less nervous than him. Wow. Oh wow. That's, you weren't even nervous. And another guy came up and said that was one of the hardest, as I was walking in one of us was like, don't ring it too hard. And I was like, I'm that, that just means I'm gonna go even harder. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


He was basically daring. You. So wait, the Eagles one Eagles won. Eagles had a comeback victory. And I feel like Max. Max, I feel like Patriots fans. Thanks guys. You're now experiencing phase two of Joe Milton. Yeah. Was it phase two? It Was a little bit of phase two. Hank doesn't Remember. You don't remember? Were you drunk Off? Hey. No, he was living off the g the high of the lighthouse. Were you drunk when you rang that bell? Not when I rang the bell. Got it. I did, you know, celebrate with a couple shandies after. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But yeah, Joe, Joe Milton. Unfortunately, I mean, I'm still gonna get excited about Joe Milton because we make the roster. Yeah. When he's good. He's More, you have more quarterbacks now. Okay. So great job Hank. Yeah. Thank you. Preseason marches on. We also had Patrick Mahome should be in jail for being witchcraft because the back behind the back pass that he unveiled just not fair.


Yeah. I said that it should have been taunting running that play because Patrick Mahomes is now bored of football. He's so good at football Right. That he, he can't play like a normal quarterback because it's too easy for him. So he just ups the difficulty level. Now he's throwing behind the back passes And now teams have the game plan for It. You got a game plan for it? He did. He gave a quote after the game was over. He said, long story short, sorry. Long story short, Travis didn't run the route he was supposed to run. And then it was kind of behind the back pass because I was mad, I was pissed off at Travis. So he ran the, the wrong route and then Mahomes threw it behind the back just to kinda like make it more difficult for him to catch the ball. Yeah. And it ended up being one of the best plays ever seen. It was So cool. It was so cool.


He said, out of spite I threw a behind the back pass. I love, but now it's gonna be a Highlight. Yeah. Now it's gonna be a highlight. Now it's gonna be something he'll do during game and now teams have to plan for it and Yeah, he's, he's reached a level of like fuck around with football that is, has never been seen before. Yeah. And then the camera pans to Carson Wince on the sideline just laughing and smiling. He's on the Chiefs. He's on the Chiefs. Oh Huey, that's a big one. There's a good chance that Carson wins win wins another Super Bowl. Yeah. Also, Randy Gregory not on the Bucks. Was he ever a buck? He was, Todd Bulls said after they decided that they're gonna cut him 'cause he never showed up. He said you can't miss what you never had. Yeah. Which is a great, a great way to live life. He doesn't know why he never showed up.


I Think he just didn't wanna do the conditioning Maybe, in which case respect Randy Gregory. I think that he'll probably just get added to the 49 ERs like halfway through the season and be like, damn, look at the 49 ERs again. Yeah. That's probably what's gonna happen. PFTR quarterbacks Still looking good. Yeah. So we were at a wedding on Saturday night. Our good friend Mark Titus, a good friend of the program got married and PFT was watching the game at the wedding. Yeah. It's fucked up that he did that. What kind of an asshole gets married week two of the NFL preseason. So at 6:00 PM Yeah. When, when he knows that Jaden Daniels is gonna be Playing. Yeah. And I also got accused of by my wife of peeking over it at the game.


'cause I just like, like a moth to the flame. He was PFT was sitting next to me and he just had the game up and I just kept on being like, oh, football's On. Listen, I'm gonna, I'm gonna watch Jayden. I'm gonna watch my new quarterback in the precinct. I I did a bad job watching him. I was gonna watch. And then when he was outta the game, put the phone away, whatever happens, whatever, don't care. He looked good. But then there was one point in the second quarter, I had looked away from my phone for a while. I was being social or whatever at a wedding. I looked lame. Yeah. Big time man card move on my part. I look back at the, at the screen and I see the quarterback sprinting, downfield running away from everybody. I'm like, fuck yeah. Jayden is so good. Jayden is so good. And then he gets up And. it was Jeff Driscoll. Ah. So I guess we got butt, Jeff Driscoll, I guess we got, we got like two Jaydens now.


That's incredible. I feel like Jeff Driscoll is sneaky. Jayden. I also saw Jeff Driscoll, I believe already has started his second career. I don't know why. I think someone showed that they were connected to him on LinkedIn and he's already like working in the greater Florida area. Yeah. Acqui acquisition entrepreneur. NFL Athlete Acquisition Entrepreneur. SMB owner. Good For him. Love that smb. So, yeah. Yeah. It's just very funny that a guy who's playing in the NFL right now has like a full LinkedIn. Yeah. The start of a new driskell year. Yeah. Alright. And then my guy, kale Williams made a throw that made me feel things. Yeah, he's good. We got quarterback.


He was, he started the game slow and the haters started piling on and I was like, listen, it's good that I haven't overreacted to any preseason games or plays or throws. And then he dropped that rollout to Romo Dunay and I lost my mind and went back to telling the haters to suck my dick from the back. Yeah. He was pretty good. Yeah, he was, he was really, really good. I'm Just very excited for week one and I'm very excited to just get on the rollercoaster and just have a fucking great ass time. Yeah. I, I am starting to get nervous every time Jayden runs with a ball though, because he doesn't slide. Are we getting, we saw that at LSU. Yeah. When he gets hit the, it is funny watching that compilation of Jayden Daniels getting hit in college with Like the Bugs Bunny music. Yeah. Because it does look like Loony Tunes.


Yeah. When he's playing. I would, I would prefer for him to slide. And at one point he didn't slide. And then Dan Quinn, Dan Quinn's hats have gotten more backwards since he became a head coach. He's gone further backwards. They're further backwards. I didn't know that was possible. But he's on the sidelines with his backwards hat like jawing at Jayden after the play. And I'm like, I Dan Quinn's. Right. Listen to Dan Quinn. You're gonna get hurt Jayden. Yeah. So I've, I do have that like, you know that history with quarterbacks where you get a really good mobile quarterback that can run, he's electric. And I just hope to God that we've done something different with the field. 'cause I don't think the Bears did anything different with their field. I saw oh So bad Before the game. They had the scenes. Metallica. Yeah. Metallica did it. Metallica did it. This is, this is the, this is what like every time I had, you know, a step forward and like, man Ryan Polls has put a, a great team together.


Kle Williams looks like the real guy. And then you just get brought back to down to reality where it's like, there's just reports that Ryan Polls is walking the field looking at, pointing out all the seams being like, this is not safe to play on because we're not a real franchise. Yeah. Metallica concert one week before the game. Yeah. That's tough. Yep. And they obviously the Bears don't own Soldier Field, so they, they don't get to decide what goes on there. But yeah, it's, I just want the season to start. I, I know that we've talked privately PFT that we've probably gotten ahead of ourselves, but it's okay. Are you getting ahead of yourself with Drake? May? No, I'm Patient. Okay. 'cause I got got time, I got ahead of myself today. This is, we're just giving fodder to the haters who are just gonna clip all these and put up a compilation.


I was in the car with my kids and I was just thinking like, what if Kle Williams is awesome for like the next 15 years and my kids like, go to college and Kle Williams is still the Bears quarterback. Yeah. It could, it Could be. What if, what if they're like literally starting college and they're like, yeah, it's more just, I just grew up with Kle Williams. It's more gonna be like the you saying that than you saying that like three years ago. What do you mean? What? Like, I feel like you said that exact same thing about Justin Fields. Okay. Well you know what we were, I'm saying like you're talking about the Con Police. You Rang a fucking bell. Dude. It wasn't even a lighthouse. Also, also Caleb's different. I can admit that watching Caleb, but my biggest fear, it's different. And I, I've talked to Big Cat about this offline, but we might as well share it online.


Yeah. My biggest fear now is that Jaden Daniels is gonna be so goddamn good and that Caleb or Jade Daniels is gonna be awesome. Like I'm talking Joe Burrow, I'm talking Josh Allen and then Caleb Williams is gonna be Patrick the Holmes. We've already gotten to that. And then, and then I'm gonna be like this motherfucker and I'm not gonna be happy with being so great. So like it's, I've really talked myself into a corner here where like, I need Jade, I need Jaden to be great more than anything I've ever needed in my entire life. Yeah. Yeah. PFD did say that and I was just like, well that's, we're really getting ahead of ourselves. Yeah. We've Got Jaden as Josh Allen and, and Kale is, I'd say mi minimum, minimum. Josh Allen, Hank just get in with us.


Yeah. You guys are in Win Now mode. We're not in Oh, we're in, we're in load up mode. We're in more like load up, you know, top one 50 picks, Let Jacoby play. Whatever happens happens. He's Drake May's more of like an Aaron Rogers. Like he's gonna be great, but he's gotta give him some time. So one Super Bowl in 15 years. Yeah, A couple MVPs. Okay. I mean, oh, that's what you care about. Now You need mv Great. No, I'm saying, but like Aaron Rogers, you know, I'll, I'll take that as my QB Day. You won one Super Bowl. Yeah. You need it kind of a bus. You need this financially. I actually Don't. Oh, I, I guess I do. Yeah. Yeah. But you, you do need it to. Well you actually don't. That's the, that's the thing is Hank could hank could miss on the next like four quarterbacks and still be fine. Yeah. What's gonna happen? Whereas We're at a point where it's like this, you know, both what we've been through and also our own age and mortality.


Yeah. It's like you gotta you gotta do it soon. Like this is kind of our last bite at the Apple here because who, who gives a Shit? We could be dead. Who gives a shit if, if the Commanders win three Super Bowls in my late fifties Right. Early sixties. Like, these are my Prime years for enjoying that sort of thing. Right. We need it now. Right now. I hope. I hope it has. We're we're basically just two chicks with our biological clocks just fucking screaming at us. Yeah. You won't be able to, to enjoy Super Bowls in 10 years from now. You'll be menopausal. I'm Going through menopause right now. Yeah. We can't have that. We're gonna gain weight. And The the shitty thing is hot flashes. The Patriots could stink. The Celtics could self-destruct and then obviously the Red Sox will become great again.


Hank just doesn't go through drought. Yeah. He's just, he's just fine with it Always. What? Any, any other notes from the booth for preseason week two or three? If you played in the Hall of Fame game. Don't care about preseason. Okay. All right. That Also makes tough us feel bad. That's tough Max. I know, I know how much of a loser I am to be this excited about Caleb Williams rollout. Pastor Roma Dunse, which was incredible. But I don't care. I don't care that I know I'm this much. I mean, no, that, that pass was sick. That pass was so sick. That pass was sick. That pass was so sick. There. There is a debate. We can embrace debate real quick. Are you talking about the test?


I'm talking about? No, I'm talking about the Olympics. Oh. In 2028. Oh, flag Football. Okay. Wait. Before we do that, I wanted to do, I wanted to hear your guys' thoughts on a test that has been brought up. This has to do with preseason week three or two. I wanted to know what you guys thought, because this was a debate in my world. Did you see Simone Biles was at the game? Her husband Jonathan Owens plays on the Bears. I saw she was wearing a Packer's jacket. She was wearing, she was wearing a Jonathan Owens jacket who happened to play for the Packers last year. What color was the jacket? It was Actually like black and white. Okay. So was and new logos on it. There was, well he played for the Packers.


So his, it was a Jonathan Owens jacket and he happened to play for the Packers. So there's a Jonathan Owens logo On it. I think personally, Just as Jo, This is a test by Simone Biles. Simone Biles actually doing a great job. She's seeing, Hey, you guys gotta start thinking about winning. You can't be worried about jackets. I'm gonna go out on this field with a jacket and see If. you guys can keep your composure. It's all about the name on the back of the jacket. Right. Not the name on the front of the jacket. She should update her jacket. She prob she has been a little busy. She had a walking boot on. Do you think that I should have been upset? Yeah, I think you probably should have. Okay. If it was, if it had the Green Bay Packers logo on it. Well, It was the Jonathan Owens jacket who happened to play for the Packers And. It had the Green Bay Packers' logo on it.


It Didn't really, it kind of was just the helmets that he wore. It wasn't like a lo it wasn't like a, a Kristin Hick. Oh. There Was multiple helmets on there. Well, It was just like a collage of him. Let me look this up. It was him, It was a him collage. He, he happened to play for the Packers last year. Again, I think this was a test. And I will not fail this test. I'll not break me, I'll not let it break the Bear's fan base. I will not let us have, have we're we're in, we're in, we're about to enter the golden Age and we can't have a jacket bring us down. Okay. I'm looking at this right now. So good. T Simone, I like what you did. I think we passed the test. There's A lot of Packers Wink logos on here. Well, He played for the Packers. Jonathan Owens. He happened to play for the Packers If he went overseas while she was competing and he was wearing like a, a France jacket.


Well she never played for France, so that Doesn't make sense. But she was playing in France. In France, but she never played for France. One of those games could have been in Chicago. So If, if it was a jacket with like pictures of Simon Simone Biles in front of the na in front of the Eiffel Tower. That Doesn't really Make sense. Shaza. That Doesn't really make sense. Look, she's got an updated her wardrobe again. Great test Simone. She's in nine time. A l Someone actually put that out. Oh One one of these just has a, a giant Green Bay Packers Logo. It could be the back of his shirt. It's just a big Green Bay Packers Logo. It could be the back of his shirt. Someone did point out that it was actually Huey's fault because he didn't do Simone Biles nine time a WL huge fan of the show. Huey didn't do when we did Fa Faces in new places, he didn't do Jonathan Owens.


So she might have not known that he was on the Bears. Got it. So Huey bad job by you. Dude. There's a 50% chance. She doesn't even know that these two teams have a rivalry. Oh, why do you say that? I mean She's just No, they, I she she lived it. She was, Jonathan Owens was on the Packer happened to be on the Packers last year. How was She talking about Football? She's b she went to a lot of games. I think she just was busy winning gold medals for the US Yeah. And being an Olympic hero. You know what? And she hasn't been able to update her wardrobe. Again. It's pre-season. A jacket shouldn't divide us in pre-season. There's A bear. There's also a, if she Showed up regular, There's also a very good chance she had the twisties again and she didn't know where she was. Facts. Facts. If she showed up, She might've gotten lost and she thought she was in Green Bay Week one.


I would've been upset. It's preseason for jackets too. Yeah, that's true. That's, I mean, that's a fact. Yep. You gotta work out all these things. We always talk about quarterbacks working out different facial hair and, and weird shit. Patrick Mahomes throwing behind the backs. This is pre-season. Max said it perfectly. Who cares? This Is like a K Williams throw to Roman Doza. This is like a, a Daniel Jones pick six of a jacket. Fine. And And you Learned from Yeah that was, It was a classic. Daniel Jones. I, you know what I, I Don Dunno what was going through your head then. I was just thinking so badly that I wish it was regular season 'cause I would've been able, 'cause that was pre-season. We've talked about it before. You, you basically judge pre-season if your team, if your players do well, you're like, pre-season matters. If your team does bad, you just ignore it and you also kind of can't go at other teams for pre-season.


So it's like Daniel Jones threw that pick six and I wanted to make fun of it, but it's preseason. It's Preseason. What went through my head was the interview that we had with somebody that wanted to be the intern and part of my take and he's, he was a Giants fan and he's like, it's gonna be great. Daniel Jones is gonna be doing Daniel Jones things. That's right. And then me and Big Cat stopped and we're like, wait, were you saying Daniel Jones? Things are, are good things good or bad or bad things bad? Yeah. And he was like, that's good. Daniel Jones doing Daniel Jones things. That's a good thing. This was a Daniel Jones thing? Yes. This was like the quintessential Daniel Jones thing. Big time. Big time. Alright. So I'm happy that we all agree that Simone Biles was just, just testing and a good test. Yeah. I think she just got lost in the air. Yeah. He just happened to be, it wasn't a Packer's jacket, it was a Jonathan Owens jacket who happened to play for the Packers.


Very big difference. So like if a cop, let's say this was like a, you know, a crime scene and that's the jacket that they found in the crime scene. They would say, we have a Jonathan Owens jacket here. Yes. They'd be like, oh wow. Look at this Jonathan Owens jacket. Simone Biles must have been here. Did it Have his, it's gotta be the only Jonathan Owens jacket in the world. It have His name on it. Yeah. It was all over it. Well his name like, because there were pictures of him as a Green Bay packer where it said Owen, he Happened to play for the Packers. There was a giant just Green Bay Packers logo On it. It's merely a coincidence. She'll get it straightened out for week one. I guarantee that she doesn't show up with that jacket week one. And if she does jail walking boot for her other foot.


Do you guys wanna embrace debate? Yeah, let's do it. Okay. Embrace debate. There's a, a hot new debate out there because flag football is gonna be in the Olympics in 2028. Yep. And we've heard from several NFL players saying that they want to represent the United States in that event. Like Joe Burough said it. And Pardon My Take, I think Tyreek Hill has said that he wants to be on that team. One person that's not taking too kindly to this is the quarterback, the current quarterback of the US flag football team. His name is Darrel Whoosh. Doucette who? Whoosh is five seven. Oh, Immediately. Wait, so a a five seven man is upset. A Five seven man is upset. We gotta Watch sound. The alarm. Yes. He, he's not Good for History.


He's very mad. He said I think it's disrespectful that they just automatically assume that they're able to just join the Olympic team because of the person that they are. They didn't help grow this game to get to the Olympics. Give the guys who helped this game get to where it's at. Their respect. So he thinks that if Joe Burrow wanted to step in, he does. He's not gonna be good enough at playing flag football. 'cause he is too used to playing real football. So, okay. Hmm. So all he wants is respect. He wants respect. So respect. Respect. Also the backup quarterback. Now Patrick Mahomes and Josh Allen play quarterback. The backup Quarterback is the most popular person in town. Yeah. You just might be getting more popular. This guy.


I feel like he timed this incorrectly. I know that it was right after the Olympics. He had to wait till like, like when they're deciding the team to start saying this stuff. And There are probably some rules that are different about flag football from the NFL that you can exploit If, you know the game better. Yeah. You Can't tackle. But I'm saying If, you probably gave Manuel Moore might be, he might be really good at flag Football. Yeah. Yes. But If you, If you gave the good NFL players, like, I'm gonna say two weeks to practice flag football. I Would two hours. Two hours To Practice flag football An hour. They'd probably pick it Up an hour. I think If you took the worst NFL team and then made them the flag football team.


They would probably win the gold. Yeah. I An hour. Yeah. I I don't, again, I think he missed time. This because now us flag football is gonna be like, we gotta get this guy to stop talking. It all came from your boy Jalen Hurtz. 'cause your boy Jalen Hurtz put out a video where he had left like a football that was on fire and he's like, we're bringing football to the Olympics. Insinuating that he would want to be the quarterback of the Olympic. I agree that Jalen hurts should not be the quarterback Of the No, You can't do the tush push in the Olympics. No. Jalen hurts. Should not be our Quarterback. No, no. You guys are part of the media that just hates Jalen hurts. No, I don't actually he Hasn hasn't thrown enough interceptions to be good at flag football. Max baby PFT. Maybe he should be because he's so good at seven on seven. That's true In practice.


Yeah, that's true. And flag football is essentially seven on seven. It's seven on football. So enjoy Your preseason buddies. All right. We will. We will. I'm so excited for football. I can't, I There's a chance, there's a chance that how the Eagles finished last year is how they start this year, buddy. So you want them to lose, you want them to lose to the Packers week one. Okay. You got me there. Yep. Yeah. God, it we're gonna stream that game. I'm gonna bet the house on the, on the Eagles. What's the line in that game? I, Ah, fuck you got me there. No, I can't Max, I can't. I would like the Eagles to start fast. I can't wait for the regular season. I can't wait to play you twice Max.


Yeah, that's gonna be a, we're gonna do that. That's a Thursday night rivalry game stream. We're gonna Do. I I cannot wait buddy. You don't mean that. I Do mean that. Yeah, he means I'm very dumb Right now. He means it, it's the revenge for little, little U Small. Yeah, it's revenge also. I know that a cornerback's name's e Emmanuel Forbes. Not e Emmanuel Moore. That's okay. I knew that. But E Emmanuel Forbes would be excellent at Flag football. Yes. Eagles minus two. Love it. Hammer 'em minus two. Hammer 'em. I'm gonna take the alternate line. Yeah, I think, I think Eagles minus a hundred. I think They got the number right. Wrong team. Oh, you're gonna take a Packers No Commanders minus two. Oh no, we're talking about, we're talking Packers one. I'm saying I can't, I can't wait to play you.


Oh yeah, that that'll be an interesting game. Is it true that you're not allowed to wear green in Brazil? Because it's a, I think that was a internet thing. It's a gang thing. That wasn't true. Yeah. Okay. I think that was The internet. The internet got us. Jalen Hertz does have a Brazilian ass. That's true. He's Got big old and Saquon And Saquon. Wow. You're bringing the asses. You guys might have the all ass team. They should actually see. We should put out a team Brazil at halftime. See? Yeah. Just to see. Just to see if they could compete with the Eagles in the all ass department. They might be able to. Yeah. I would like to see. Yeah, I wanna know. I'd Like to at least, I mean, competition is the best. Hank you would be the least popular person in Brazil. Hank, I get arrested.


Hank, You should. Oh, what is this man having his pants? Nothing. If. you wanna be able to dunk? You should go to this game. Get a BL and then fly back. Oh, and you'd be the total package A jet Propulsion. BBL. Yeah. Do they have those? No. Oh, that's, they do not have jets. You can put on your ass. Hank with a big ass would be fire though. Yeah. Working on it would be fi It would be he'd be looking right? Yeah. Hell yeah. Hank with a huge ass. Okay. Anything else before we do. Who's back in the week? I think that's it. Gordon Minchi is the quarterback of the Raiders. Oh yeah. Gardner Michu. Congrats to Gardner Minchi. I think he's The perfect Raiders quarterback. Yeah. Like If. you want to get back to old school Raiders football.


Just have a guy with a mustache that doesn't give a fuck. He's gonna ball Out. He's gonna win some games that you won't think he's gonna win. Yeah. He's gonna give it his best and it's gonna be fun to watch. Yep. It


let's do Who's back the week. It's brought to you by our friends at Gametime football season is here. And we can't wait to get out some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime Picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. Looking for tickets. Week one. There's, you can go to, there's all the games. I mean the Bears are opening at home. It's gonna be beautiful weather. Pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT picks setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime pick deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? We're gonna go, we, we can't go to the Bears Titans. Let's look right now. Gametime Gametime. We can't go to that game 'cause we're gonna be streaming it. But let's just say, why don't you pull up your commanders. So your commanders opening at home. They are playing at the Bucks. Week one. I, I actually did put a bet in already on the commander's season. It is at Arizona. I think it's week three or week four. Okay. I love the commanders in that spot. Took a money line plus one 14. Okay, I just hit GT Picks on the Gametime app. Some really good seats in the, in like two 50 range for Bears Titans. Week one. Go see Kale Williams First game. What should be a Hall of Fame career? Hopefully download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with new Gametime picks. What time is it? It is Gametime.


We are also brought to you by our friends at Via tour. Via tour is a tool you can use to plan and book travel experiences around the world. Our app and website makes it easy to explore 300,000 travel experiences so you can discover what's out there no matter where you're traveling and what you're interested in. Listen, you can just book a flight and be like, oh, I'm gonna try to figure it out there. Or you can do the right thing and there's nothing worse than a wasted vacation. You gotta make sure your vacation, you're, you're planning all the activities. Planning the best hotels that all can happen at via tour. Via tour helps you plan the perfect travel experience for you. Free cancellation helps you plan for the unexpected 300 plus travel experiences to choose from means you can plan something that everyone you're traveling with will enjoy. There's nothing better than getting that perfectly planned vacation using every second to do something fun or relaxing. 24 7 customer service. So you can know you'll get support at any hour if things aren't going as planned. Real time traveler reviews. So you get to hear insider information from people who've already been on the experience you're considering. Download the VIA tour app now. Use code via tour 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Find travel experiences for you. Do more with via tour. Hank, you should be the spokesperson for Via Tour. Yeah. I'm actually using it this week and my parents are coming. We play into fun activity. Use via tour was super, super easy. Alright, Beautiful. So via tour 10, that's V-I-A-T-O-R 10 for 10% off your first booking in the app. Hank, if Hank can do it, you can do it.


Who's back of the week? Hank? My who's back of the week is Connor Stallions. Oh. Oh yeah, I heard about this. He was hired as a defensive coordinator at Mumford High School, which maybe Huey knows a little more about. It's Detroit High School, but he's back. That's awesome. That's kind of like a promotion too. Yeah, that's Well, from assistant to D coordinator. I mean, he won a championship in college but He didn't have a job. That's true On the books. He did get a job. He got a job. Yeah. Out of all, congrats. What do you think that interview process was like? I am gonna make sure we're the most prepared team in the state. I'll Cheat. I would trust counter stallions with just about any job actually. And you gotta assume that the, you know, president, whoever AD is hiring is like the biggest Michigan fan of all time.


Yeah. I I I, this bums me out a little bit because I, there was a moment in time last year where I, I really did think we were gonna hire him at Barstool and, and the way Dave was talking about his conversations with Connor Stallions, like I thought we were gonna just give him an office upstairs, black out the, the, the glass and just be like, we don't know what he does. And just have him just hand us reports every now and then about the competition and just no one ever gets to talk to him. And we don't know what he does, but just like, let him do what he does. Like the Ernie Adams bar Stool. It would've been great. I I I'm kind of bummed out that we don't have him on staff. I Mean, I honestly think that this guy could be a weapon in the gambling space.


Yeah. Like have Absolutely have him do one pick a week, go out Scout, whatever you wanna scout Unlimited budget. He's a, he's a one man. CIA Connor Stallion's pick of the week would've been fire. Yeah. Damn. All right. Maybe, maybe. So we gotta root against him. Well I can't so maybe he'll come back. Come here. I can't root against Con. No, I like Him. Connor Stallion's one of the best stories ever Because he have another manifesto. I'm sure he'll get one. I'm sure he came prepared to the interview with His cover letter was just a manifesto. Manifesto? Yeah. It was in like magazine letters that had been cut out. Yeah. Yeah. He he didn't show up with like a couple pages stapled together like other people. Yeah. He had a full plan. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Who's back?


What? Hank you didn't want to say that your boy is back. Oh, Yabu. Yeah. Yabu got signed. I'm happy for him back in UB You were, were you not gonna mention that story? No. You were so excited to him back in the league. Where, Where'd he sign For now? He's on the Sixers for Now. Now What do you mean? For now? And that is how contracts work. He is, right. Everyone signs like a finite amount of time for their contracts. So yes, for now he is on the Sixers. You think him and him b are gonna get along? Well, of course. Okay. I mean, he's got all the confidence after Dunking on LeBron. Are you a little scared that this might be the championship piece? No, I mean that it's not gonna be, you know, the championship piece, but it's a great addition for the Sixers.


You love ya. I love him. Right. So I'm happy for him. I I wanted him back in the NBA. We needed a power forward. I'm happy that we got him. Well, when I saw the news, LeBron, when the only thing I cared about was what Hank was thinking. Yeah. And he's upset. s Because we watched that, that we watched the French USA game and every time Yabu touched the ball, he was, he was a Frenchman. Yeah, you were. You love him so much And now he's now he's my guy. Ooh. For now, For now. You wanted LeBron. He's mad. Max got best. He's doing the, he's not giving any eye contact towards your direction. Yeah, I know. I I was so happy. I was so happy. Good Call Max. You're mad. You should get a Jersey max. Me put it up in the, I should, I should get a jersey.


Yeah. You should get a Sixers, a legend who knowing him knows what other teams played for in the N NBA A. Actually you should get a jacket, a Jonathan Owens type jacket. But it's Sixers. No, I don't think I would, well I would get it Sixers wise. Not Yeah, no Sixers. Yeah, yeah. Right, Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yabu. Yeah. Get get a whole jacket of him in Sixers gear. Yeah. Never forget I sold Big. Cat. I used to sell Yabo shirts. I sold ya shirts. Yeah. How many? We sold two. Oh Maybe that. That's a shirt design for you though, max. Yeah, we could repurpose that. Yeah, no, I would love to. Hank Would probably buy one. What Was his career like on the Celtics? Hank? He was a, I mean he was a backup but he was electric personality.


He was a great bench guy. He was, he was a great player. Do you guys sell Be Ball Paul? A lot of potential? No, we got rid of Him. Kind of a perfect Be Ball Paul replacement. Right. Where's be Ball Paul? I think he's Pistons. Oh, okay. I Think he's added, I think he's gotten a little bit better. He was the definition of just like he was a, he just bang boards and couldn't shoot. Just athlete or no finesse. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Good. Who's back? Good second. Who's back? Hank? Thanks. Thank you Max. Good. Producing Max PFT. My Who's back of the week is camping. Oh. Because we're the boys are going camping this week. Oh Yeah, we are. Yeah, we are. Yeah, we're going camping. I think we're leaving Monday night and we're getting back Thursday. Right. And we're in an undisclosed location somewhere in Wisconsin and we're doing summer camp, so we're gonna be competing in games.


I don't really know what the events are gonna be. I know we're gonna be sleeping in cabins on A lake, on A lake Fire at night. Yeah. So We're the ne the next two shows you're going to see is us from camp. Is there like a Canadian camp that's across the lake that we can start a rivalry with? Go steal their Shit maybe across the lake or, yeah, I guess. Yeah. Probably not, but yeah, we could try. I would like to start a camp rivalry. Yeah. But yeah. How many people from Barstow are going like 60? What? 50? I mean There's like 20 competing. Yeah, it's a lot. The boys will be there. Taylor and Will. Very excited about that. We might get a sober will on the podcast maybe Friday Just to make sure everybody knows that he's not in fact constantly drunk.


We should actually get it. We just JJ check in. We should get him Hammered before It. Yeah. There are some people that have, that have, that have been internally like sc I don't understand necessarily what they're scared of, but they're like, what? Like, well here's what do we need to know about Camp Shane asked if there was gonna be plumbing there. Beam's. Mom texted saying make sure you bring earplugs in case people snore. People will snore for sure. And Even just people, some people were like, we were sleeping in cabins. They're like, what? The most concerning part to me was the, was the waiver that they had to sign. Oh, I didn't sign it. Oh, I didn't sign it either. The death waiver. Did I sign it? I think somebody might have forged your and my signature. Got it. Which is good because All right, So it's on record that if we die we can sue. I want, I want to retain my right to sue Hank for anything that happens because on this waiver it says you may encounter dangerous insects, you may encounter dangerous weather, you may encounter dangerous bodies of water.


How is the weather looking? I haven't looked. Okay. But the insect part really freaked me out. I'm excited. It's gonna be great. So we're gonna be live streaming after the yak on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. Thursday will actually be a, a taped finale, but Tuesday and Wednesday will be live. And so tune in. It's gonna be great. We're gonna be competing. I think it's gonna be, I think we're drafting teams. PFT Me versus You. All right. So like Salute your shorts. Yeah. It's gonna be a lot of fun. It's good. Like good team bonding right before the football season. Oh, It's be great. I'm very excited. And so yeah. I must be like, remember the Titans? Yeah. So when you see the, when you watch If, you watch us instead of listening to us, you'll see us in a cabin on Tuesday or Wednesday show and Friday show.


It's Gonna be like training camp. Yeah. Kind Of like hard. We, we should do a hard knocks for this. We are gonna play a softball game on Tuesday night to see who gets one. The winner of the team's gonna get steak and lobster and the losers' gonna get a pack of hotdog that they have to cook at A fire. I'm okay with either one. Yeah. But it's just a little competition. Yeah. Competition, you know, gets everyone going. So yeah, that's gonna, it's gonna be fun. I'm excited. Alright. My who's back of the week is, Wait, can we watch hard knocks? Yes. Okay. We'll find out, out way. I, my who's back of the week is memes and the Busters guy. 'cause I think Memes found the Busters guy. You found the Busters guy. We might have. So this comes from Wow.


At Wow. Nice butt, dude. He said, my friend just revealed to me that he has 1.4 million points at Dave and Buster's. He showed me the menu and said, get anything you want. The most expensive meal is 20 20, 2200 points. Fuck Yeah. This might be the Buster's Guy. That's actually, you can retire right now if you're the Busters guy. 1.4 million points. Yeah. you don't in the in, what is that? All right, I'm gonna do the math real quick. But yeah, you Don't, you don't have to work anymore. You can just go live in a Dave and Busters for the rest of your life. Pretty much. This guy rules. So 2200 points for the most 636 meals. If, you got the most expensive meal every time.


Yeah. You could live in there for five years. So yeah, he's got meal, he's got, he's got free food for a, an entire year. If he wants, If you're doing if you're doing like the, the filet every night. Yeah. Yeah. The, I mean, this Guy Rules. And also if this guy's added Dave and Buster's eating every meal, he's gonna be playing games and getting more points at Dave and Buster's. Like five years is probably too slow, too. Like, little time. He could probably do 10 or 15 years. Yeah. With all the points he'll be accumulating as he eats. Yeah. This guy rules. I wanna meet him. Hopefully he is the Buster's guy. The actual buster's guy. Alright, Huey, finish this off before we get to our interview with Racc.


My, who's back? John Madden. Yes. Not only in football video games. Yes. But Nicholas Cage will be depicting the, to Depicting him. To Depicting him. Yeah. Betraying him. Betraying Him. Yep. Portraying him. Yep. In a movie, a biopic directed by David O. Russell. Same guy who did a Silver Linings playbook and the Fighter a couple other things like that. He's The guy who screams at everyone. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. But Nicholas Cage, he kind of, I saw a couple pictures of him recently, kind of, I could see a little Madden in him. Yeah. His face started to sink a little bit. Yeah. I'm looking forward to hearing him say, boom. I think he's gonna give a great boom. It's John Madden.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited for this. It's gonna be awesome. Yeah. This is, I mean, John Madden is a national treasure and Nick Cage is the perfect guy. Yeah. He's, you're, you're basically putting two of my favorite things together. Nick Cage and John Madden. I need a graphic of John or of Nick Cage's depicting, crossed out, portraying, crossed out portraying John Madden. Oh, I can't wait to hear Nick Cage describing a Turin. Yes. Well, he's gotta go method for this, right? I, I show the making of the trip. I also hope they make it like very f like I could see them trying to find like a dark angle. Yeah. I, I hope they don't do That. I hope. Yeah, let's keep it light. Keep it light. Keep it Fun. I hope he's in character.


John Madden. I hope that he's up in the booth actually calling games this season as John Madden. Oh, That'd be cool. That would be cool. Yeah. Make it happen. Like When they had Jake Joha film. Yeah, yeah. Roadhouse scenes at a UFC fight. Yeah. Yes. They actually have Nicholas Cage like call at halftime. Yes. Call a game. Yeah. Have, have him up there. He hell, he could just be in the booth by himself or with whoever's playing Pat Summerall. And then just have him calling the game to nobody. I just wanna see him as John Madden up in the booth. Who would be, he's gotta be there on Thanksgiving. Pat Summerall, Jimmy Fallon. Oh God. Who? Hound. Oh God. James Cordon. James Cordon. Wait, he's like gone, right? Is He? I don't know.


I think he stopped his show. Oh, good. Everyone's like, we've had enough of this. Fat British. Yeah. We, I think we all, we all agreed to stop playing the prank on James Cordon that we thought he was good. Yeah. Right. Like, we don't have, we won a war, so we don't have to do this. Yeah. Okay. Good. Good. Who's back? What? Who's the guy on NFL? Fox? NFL Fox Tom Brady? No, the old guy. Greg Olson from the Steelers. Terry Bradshaw. Yeah. Maybe Terry Bradshaw playing Pat Summerall. Yeah. I don't hate it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You don't even, you don't even have to get him drunk. Yeah. Yeah. Just let him be. Okay. Let's get to our interview with Ryan Relo. Before we do that PFT, you got a couple and we're gonna do the Mt Rushmore Best Feelings after that.


Yeah.


Before we get into Resow, he's brought to you by our great friends at Coors Light. I love Coors Light. The mountains are blue. Coors Light is the absolute best beer in the world. It's great during the summer, it's great during football season. It's great if you're sneaking out to a baseball game in the middle of the day. Grab an ice cold Coors Light and follow the Blue Mountains to happiness. It's chill time. To choose chill. Go to coors light.com/take coors light.com/take. It's the best time of year to have a Coors Light. I had a couple Coors Lights on on Saturday night at the wedding. We're drinking beers. The mountains were blue. It's great for wedding season. Love Coors Light. And people sent us some cooler pictures and Blue Mountain pictures this weekend. Absolutely love those. Check it out Coors like.com/take coors like.com/take.


And now here is Ryan Silla. Okay, we now welcome on. Very special guest. One of our best friends in the whole world. Birthday boy birthday boy. It is Ryan Silla. Thanks boys. You look Great. Why'd you wear that? Well, it's a combination of things like, you know how you wanna reinvent yourself every seven years. Van Pel told me that one time. Yeah. Like Madonna, right? Every seven years. Every seven years. I actually saw something recently. I'm really into earnest answers on Twitter lately. Okay. And there was this interview and this woman was like, what voice pattern is this? I wanna start maybe talking like this next year and like got all sorts yourself.


You know? And imagine If you had a friend who was like, what are you just doing? Different speech patterns. Yeah. Although I had a roommate in college after Google hunting, like blew up. Like, he was like, you don't really have that kind of accent. He's like, dude, it's back. What are talking about? But yeah, no, I'm just figuring out light lighter tones. Pastels. Tell me about those shorts. It's a mesh Cut. And. it also, if I were to fall down, I'm good. Yeah. It Looks like a, A grandmother's sweater. Is that the loosest shirt you've ever worn? I don't think I've ever seen you in a shirt that like you, you wear tight shirts. Well, my arms arms are big. Yeah. So what am I supposed to do? Flaunt it. Yeah. But happy birthday. Thanks. Is This how you expected to spend your 49th birthday?


Hope? Is It 49 for real? Or is it it 49? Joe? Haha. You're 49 Again. No, I, you guys will know when it's five. Oh, You're next year. I, I would've guessed like 43 People have said my maturity level, they're blown away. And I was like, oh. 'cause I look so good. And they're like, no, You look damn good for 49 More because of like, just your whole deal. Yeah. Well I was like, okay, I hope we know when you turn five. Oh, because you, so it is your birthday, right? We were planning on doing this pod today, and then yesterday you texted me, you said, Hey, I actually forgot that tomorrow's my birthday. So Yeah, I think we, we will hang, we should hang out for my birthday. I was like, yeah. How do you forget what day your birthday is?


I didn't forget like the, if I had to fill out paperwork, I would still know it. Okay. but it just was one of the, I'd just gotten back from Spain. Everything was fucked up. I, it was one of the worst sleeping experience I've had since I think pledge week. Hell week pledging. you don't sleep a lot during that, but some of you guys who quit wouldn't even fucking know what I'm talking about. It's basically bud training. Yeah. Stay with your heartbreak motel hat. I can't take you seriously. Well, it's better than the hat you guys originally gave me. It's also, it's also better than you showing your balls to everyone. Like, the last time we heard I thought about it. I thought about It. Yeah. We put like a, a, a filter on it. So that's not gonna happen this time. You and Bob Stoops the two big, the two biggest like ball reveals on Pardon, My, Take history.


Bob Stoops just had a fucking moose knuckle in our, in our fans face for half hour. That's good company. Yeah. I Don's true. He won a Natty. I remember I've interviewed Bob, I was in Norman And. it was like right when these offenses were getting outta control. And so everybody was giving up way more points. So the defensive minded coaches were like losing it. And Oklahoma, you know, traditionally stoops the whole deal. And so I was out the night before with, do you remember Kevin? Was it Kevin White? No, Not the receiver. No. Kevin White. No, come on. No. Hall Of Famer. Kevin Wilson. Yeah. Kevin Wilson, the offensive coordinator ended up being the head coach at Indiana. So like, somebody boots on the ground was like, do you want to go out drinking with these guys?


And Norman and I went, yeah, fuck it. Like the staff will be there. So I'm having a few beers and it's a bunch of the guys on the staff and they were like, you interview, you know, you got Bob tomorrow. And I was like, yeah, I have 15 minutes with Bob in his office. And they were like, well, let's go over the questions. Let's prep. And these guys have been drinking. They were like, ready to go. And I, you know, I prepped it out. They're like, oh, that's a good one. That's a good one. And then I got to like, Hey, I've noticed, like on average you're giving up way more yardage per play than you ever have before. Like, what's going on with your secondary and can you actually like hang with the SEC? And they were like, oh My God, That's, he's gonna kill you. You can't ask him that Question. And so I did ask him it and he hated it. And then we were in his office and I remember he was like, what you failed to realize is, you know, but he did make a good point that they were just running so many more plays.


He had a lot of watches too from all the ball games. What does, what does that have to do with his balls though? Well, I, I like that he stuck up for himself. Yeah, There you go. So I think there's some similarities there that That's probably why he came back to the USFL. They don't score shit there. Yeah. Nobody gets scored on 'cause the offenses are bad. Stoops, stoops still really did have like a complete makeover. Like he went from, you know, If, you were an Oklahoma guy, you loved him. Right. You could kind of give a shit about anybody else. And then once he, I mean it took him a little bit longer or maybe it was just trans, maybe it's gonna, what we see with Belichick, like everybody's gonna love the lovable Belichick now. Right. And you're gonna be like, all right. but it, what does that mean? Stoops also has that, I mean, the crazy stories, his dad died of a heart attack while coaching like on the sidelines.


So his whole thing was like, I'm gonna retire before like, I get to that point. So Yeah. That just, That's heavy. Yeah. That just Got, but I ended up really liking him. I, and I didn't in the beginning. Okay. And maybe that's what people think of me when they see my balls. No, when I see your balls. I think just all I think is balls. Yeah. The way I actually think. Okay, so he didn't do steroids. Thanks man. Yeah. You know, 'cause we would be able to tell. Alright. So happy birthday And I, Hey, thanks for bumping Trump for me this week. Oh yeah, no, no problem. Were you Guys supposed to have 'em on? Oh yeah, We were. We we're gonna have 'em on. But we, we actually have a very surprised birthday guest for you. Donald Trump. Yeah.


Bring him out here. He is. We actually, no, we, we did want to have you on though, because we Don't You wanna talk about the race? Well, We don't dip dip into politics, but we wanted to do a little election preview with you. So, yeah. Okay. Who you got thoughts? What do you think, what do you think is gonna happen in Pennsylvania? Well, I think a snapshot of any polling number right now is the dumbest, this Is where Ryan's gonna really answer this. No, I'm serious. Because It, it was like If. you look at the Vegas odds, which I actually think are really interesting with it. Yep. The swings in a very short amount of time. It's because no one, no one side can keep their shit together. For more than three days For like Yeah. Right. But, But who is, who are the swing votes right now? Like, who has not made up their mind?


What is it Pennsylvania? Yeah. One county in Wisconsin, Isn't it? Wisconsin. Wisconsin. Wisconsin, Wisconsin. Yeah. This is where we're all gonna expose ourselves as morons. Yeah. Florida's up for grabs. That's what they said. That's what they say. That's just one guy tweeting. He's like, I think Florida's up for grabs. He's like, all Right dude. I do love the polling of one though. They'll like have, and I'm talking to either CNN or Fox. They'll just throw somebody in some place. Like there's a perfect example. I think there was somebody from Fox went to interview like five women that If you hooked up with. You would never tell anyone ever in your entire life. Okay. And I'm just trying to paint a picture here. I hear you. And so they were like, is Harris a candidate for you?


Does does she speak to you? You know, woman, woman to woman here? And they were all like, no, she sucks. She's an idiot. And I was like, okay. And then the reporters like, did any of you vote for Hillary? And they're like, Nope. Couldn't stand her. So you're like, okay. And then it gets play. Yeah. And you're like, man, this, this Harris is not as popular. You're found five Yeah. In fucking Arkansas that were never voting for her anyway. Like what? What It's when when people who are like highly political online do Twitter polls, like Clay Travis will be like, who are you voting for tomorrow? And it's like, well that's your audience. Like if I, if I did a t poll, be like, you know, do you like the Bears or the Packers more?


Yeah. You see that one might be no, but it Might do a lot of Packers fans. The, the polling of one shit that we see. Yeah. Where like, they had another one where it was a, a white guy in a black barbershop and they were like, that was Harrison. That was so funny. It was so fucked up. And he's wearing like a Jordan T-shirt. Yeah. The Guy he Was trying to fit in. He was trying to fit. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. This guy was trying to fit in. He put a Jordan T-shirt on underneath a sport coat. Yeah. Right. And then he went to a Barbershop, not a narc. Yeah. Yeah. And he's like, do you guys think that Kamala Harris is black? Yeah. Go on And. it was the most uncomfortable minute of tv. Right. And then like, four guys may not like her and then he tosses it back to studio. Be like, well this election's a wrap. Yeah. We just talk. So I don't, I don't understand like, the polling of one phenomenon that we have where, this is kind of my point about the Super Bowl.


I say this like, we shouldn't ever be allowed on the air hours after the Super Bowl because in that window we're incapable of having any perspective. And it's why I always make fun of like after championship. So I actually think the rate of speed that we have with information is making us dumber. Oh yeah. And this isn't like the most enlightening thing you're ever gonna hear. But I don't think whether it's how you feel about a team historically, or a player and their accomplishments historically, but If you relate it to like what's happening right now in an election year. You're like, I don't know that the tides are turning nearly as fast as everybody's pretending as it does day to day. It's every Yeah. Everything is is fucking madness. I I love it when you do the, is this the greatest championship team of all time?


Yeah. Like seconds after it's over. Although I get, I get people to earnestly be like, 'cause I'll the joke is always like, you have to ask. Yeah, Yeah. You do. Yeah. You always have to ask. Oh, so that, that was actually my next Question. I had LSU people mad at me being like, are you serious? What about 19 LSU and I, I'm like, dude, you explain it to me. You're an LSU Guy. Yeah. Well you guys are the biggest LSU guys. Yeah. We are day ones. It didn't Hurt you. We were coach ho guys. That's stung. We're Not, we're not LSU guys 'cause Brian Kelly. That's why st. Are you, you Still Brian Kelly? Well, I mean we were very open. Well we talked about it. Good. Prince, you like Bk? I like BK a lot. You like all bk? I'm not getting summer house with him, but I mean, I like him and he's always been really good to me. Okay. You family.


Y'all fam y'all can, Hey, There's nothing guy can say To that. I, I did have a question for you Ryan. Are, are we sure the Celtics are good? Here's my question. If they win the gold, does that mean the Celtics are even better? Well it's Interesting you brought that up Ryan, because Yeah, I did a little research just before you sat down here. I went back through some of your recent takes. This was from, this is Good. I didn't know this was Happening early July. Ooh. You tweeted, is Tatum the best international player in the world? Mm, No I didn't You you tweeted that. Well You wanna know why is because Simmons was saying that he is the best international player and so then I was making fun of it.


Okay. In the tweet. Didn't get that. Yeah, you don't get that context. No, there was supposed to, that was only for the audience of the Sunday. Okay, let's Went, let's let's have an actual intelligent Who went on with Joe House and said that Tatum should get LeBron's minutes. Okay. Well He also with me was like, who's gonna start Tatum or LeBron? I was like, are you serious? And he was making a case. Asked The question. Tatum was the best international. Like his whole thing was he's the best international player. I laughed. We argued it was fine, but then I used it in a tweet. Got It. Oh yeah. Got it. So yeah, that kind of takes the, the sting out of it a little bit then. Yeah. Especially when you get a DNP. Yeah, that would've been good. You could've made me look bad.


Yeah. So sorry. Is the US still good at basketball or is it just Mickey Mouse? I don't understand what you're asking. We Have the easiest schedule of all time. I'm not sure this team's good. Who are we supposed to play? And I said we someone Better. Yeah. Greece Has your borders are so I, I look at like Canada, right? Like listen, Women don't owe me shit. That's so profound. For the record, if you're listening to this, I'm wearing the hat that says women don't owe me shit because it was Ryan's hat. I don't wanna wear it. He didn't wanna wear it. Yeah. I Don't wanna wear it after my after. Well Now it says, what Does it say?


Women Don't owe me. You should. Women don't owe you shit. Women don't owe you shit. Oh wait, I should have worn it. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great Hat. Oh that's actually, yeah. Yeah. You're standing with women. Not can. That's not a candor hat at all. Well Look at me. Ryan refused to wear this hat. Can you believe That? We're so misogynistic. We ready? In a totally different way. Fuck. Oops. Women don't owe you shit. That's dude. Hey, I wish way to stand Up. Your intern is so proud of himself right now. Oh yeah. He's dying. Huey, he's a gem. Yeah, he's a young John Candy. He's just looking at us. He's so happy with these outfits that had this, you know, that's a lot of power. And he big WNBA guy. How do you feel about Angel Reese? Kaitlyn Clark Wanna say something? Huey, What do, what do you think about that Rookie of the year race?


He has a podcast. It was called NBA Hole. There was BI should try NBA Asshole. Yeah. And then, and then when he realized WNBA was a league what, last year? Yeah. He added the W. Yeah, For the hole. So It's NBA hole. Did WH How did that do? Would you do any numbers? 45 people. Yeah. Fucking. And how many of those were you listening back? I listened to it back like three times, two or three times. You get understand how I was like talking and stuff my beats and get those. But then yeah, but then he deleted it. It's Tough to do. He accidentally deleted 200 episodes. Brutal. Yeah. It might be better though in the long run. Yeah, true. Based on what you guys are telling me. Angel Reese. Yeah. Angel. I love Angel Reese. Yeah, I think she like, she, she has like Rodman level rebounding.


Yeah. I fucking love her. I think Kate and Clark potential to be the face of the league. She's not there today. She won't be there tomorrow. Three, four years away from being half of that. She'll be all right. She'll get her way up. But Angel, Angel's my baby girl. She'll be a 20 and 10. Okay. Nice. Every, every Day she'll be a 20. So you're voting her rookie of the year. If, you had a vote? If I had to, yeah. If I had why he should have a vote. Yeah. He clearly knows Ball. Yeah. Would you call her baby girl in a press conference? 'cause I don't No, no, no, no, no. That would be behind closed doors. Yeah. Yeah. That would be behind closed doors. Okay. Good job Huey. Thank you. Big WNBA guy. Yeah baby Girl. It's tough. It's tough to go back and listen to yourself In the beginning they Did it all the time. Then he deleted his own episodes. And. it just makes you have to work that much harder to build up the library again.


Yeah. I have a, I have, I have a take that I would like to take back that. I think you were right. Conference realignment. Yeah, I did that rant again today. Yeah. It'd been eight months. You Might, you might be right on that. 33 different teams. You might be right. 33 teams have changed conferences since 2001. Yeah. Now my take has always been, I'm gonna watch it no matter what. And I love college football no matter what I, but you are right that this is the first season where I'm like, what? What the fuck's going on? Like and it's not even, it's the U-S-C-U-C-L-A, it's the Texas, Oklahoma. It just feels off. It feels weird. My point was always this, okay, it's much like the playing game. I didn't think it was right for a team in certain years with the 10 seed is gonna have such an abysmal record compared to the team that has the seven seed.


And you're like, you still have to kind of prove yourself one more time. Even though it's waited to win one game at home and then another chance. But like if the 10 seed just, I don't know the right thing happens, you're gonna go, okay, so a team with 36 wins gets into the playoffs. Right. A team with 50 isn't, remember that happened to the Cardinals and the Dodgers? They had to like the way the baseball playoffs were one year, they both had like almost a hundred wins and they had to play one game and you go, what the fuck is the point there was of what we just did for six months? Yeah. That's the stuff I cannot stand. There was a 2015 year where the Cardinals, cubs and Pirates all had, I think it was like 98 wins and then we beat the Pirates in the one game playoff And. it was like they won 98 games. How's this possible? Yeah. And now you're done. Yeah, right. You're done. Right. Like we just did this for six months.


So my point is that like when the Lakers in in Golden State were going at it and that awesome curry LeBron playing game. I wasn't having a bad time watching it. Right. That's not the point. The point is the structure that it exists and it's the same thing with playoff expansion. It's the same thing with all the realignment. Like I'm still gonna watch for 12 plus hours on Saturday. But what I loved about the sport was that a PAC 12 game looked like a PAC 12 game. I know. And then culturally, when you would visit all of these different places, the fan bases were lined in a very conference. Like it just made sense. And, and I remember Canal telling me that the whole conference thing was at SEC creation. And I'm like, dude, I am telling you right now, maybe I'm guilty of the pulling a one thing here again.


But when I was like a crazy Big East guy in the eighties and nineties as a kid and then into college, like I hated Syracuse and Georgetown. Right. 'cause I love St. John's but I still wanted to see Q in Georgetown beat a CC schools. Right? Right. And, it was kind of this fun additive thing for the tournament. And look, maybe it won't matter, maybe younger people will just be desensitized to the whole thing. But when the ACC Twitter feed is congratulating Katie Ledecky saying the Olympian are made here, you're just like, what The fuck? The death of the PAC 12 is really the part of it. Like I, You see it on.com. Did you hear my the, they have the standings PAC 12 standings and it's the two teams. Yeah. It's so embarrassing. Yeah, it sucks. Well not even embarrassing. It's sad. It's Sad. It is sad.


Thank you. You're right. So you were right about that and thank you. I just Felt like you were part of the Hals and the haves had a hard time. That's, I I admitted that though. One percenter. I admitted that. Yeah. I, I admitted if I rooted for a team that if I was a Oklahoma State fan, I would feel a lot different than being a Wisconsin fan being like, I don't think, but you know what, now with how crazy it is, I could see a world where Wisconsin does get left out with it. Whatever the next iteration is. Yeah. See that's the other part that sucks is that there's, even though it's expanded, so I, I'm, I'm gonna lose the argument here because you're gonna get some teams in, but like the Penn State model the last couple years where I'll just be like, who have you beat? That's actually really good the last couple years. Right? Yeah. Because as soon as you actually play somebody that has athletes that can match or outmatch your athletes, then you just don't win those games.


Yeah. This are going on a couple years, but at the end of the year you're like, oh cool, we're nine and three or we're, you know, 11 and two because we won our bowl game. We Beat Undefeated Iowa at home. You know. Right. 30 to nothing. Exactly. And because Iowa finds a way because of how bad that side of the Big 10 has been. Now I, We miss the Big 10 west. Yeah. I, because it's, it's awesome if you're decent because you're like, now we're gonna win seven games. I know. And if we win the two non conferences that aren't power fives and that's nine wins and we don't even know if we're any fucking good. And then your ranks 16th and then Penn State beats you and then it's like Penn. Wow. Great Job. Penn State. Yeah. And I guess like that team, it's not gonna happen now 'cause the conferences are too tough between the Big 10 and the SEC.


But I, I think there's gonna be some expansion like playoff slots where we're gonna be arguing about teams that may not have beaten anybody remotely. Good. All they, all they did was lose close to good teams. Like oh well they lost five six or down 14 six to Ohio State Down 14. And like they don't care that you score the touchdown. Yeah. But We'll see is maybe, maybe a couple like very entertaining early matchups where the two teams are like similarly mismatched against each other and then the top four teams are just gonna kick the shit out of everybody in the second round of it. But we might get one more fun week at college football. Well Look, it's, it's still gonna be fun. Yeah. Like everybody that's been on me about, oh why don't you want expansion? We have it in the other division or the other levels of college football.


And I go, okay. But I'm still, obviously I'm not gonna pro him like, Hey, let me know when the first round's over. Right. Because I'm mad about it. Right. They're still gonna be great games you're gonna watch. It's the same thing as the playing. I just, And home games are gonna be cool. I think it's, that's gonna be a really fun added wrinkle. I think It kind of, I almost like the false hope sometimes of a Wisconsin in the right year. Yeah. Or if the SEC east was down and this is like Preor post Florida in that window where they weren't great there for a little while, but now whoever that team is is like buried. Yeah. Yeah. Buried. No, I mean it's set up for like they did a, I think they went back 20 years and they're like, who would've made the playoffs and Wisconsin would've made it like seven out of the 20 years.


Yeah. This is actually great for Penn State. Yeah. Penn State and what's the, the, the quintessential team that will benefit from this. And People will say to me all the time, they're like, oh well what about the NFL? I'll be like, you think I love a nine to seven, nine and seven team like playing in the conference championship? Yeah. I don't actually. Yeah. But the NF L's different 'cause you've had wild card teams make those runs and win Super bowls. So like If you get healthy. It does the mar the, the difference between the best team in the NFL and the worst team in the NFL is a lot smaller than the best team in college Football. Worst team. Absolutely. Absolutely. But like I would ask like going into Ohio State, Michigan this year, if they're both really, really good. Yeah. How are you gonna possibly feel the same way and they're Gonna play, play again next week.


Nothing's at stake. Right. Yeah. Like how, how does that not hurt? And this is the thing I cannot answer. I can't answer it with live rights for the NBA or the NFL or like even people were theorizing. Like we had even heard like how come these owners are selling these teams? Like oh wait, are they hearing that the new TV deal actually isn't gonna be that good? And you were hearing like a couple more teams were even available that haven't even been sold yet. And I'm thinking like, oh wait, this might be the bubble. Right? Like everybody's a bubble expert post a big short and everybody just keeps bubble bubble Bubble. Read the book. Great job. Read Boomerang. You love that one? What's that? That was the other Michael Lewis books. Is It? I only read Michael Lewis books 'cause they always make movies. They never did. I don't think boomerang's a tough script.


Maybe McKay can pull that one off So then I probably won't do it. So what's Boomerang? Boomerang is I think the extra research involved with like different economic failures around the world. Ooh. And it's so great because we're also reading it after the result. So it feels like every single page, it's like what they thought this like, this is the dumbest idea ever. Like they were gonna start some resort I think in Ireland. And it was like near the water and there was like this one sheep farmer who lived there and they tried to start it all up And. it was a fucking disaster. And then the guy was like, I've lived here my whole life and I've never wanted to be here one day. I didn't know why a resort Was over. And then Greece during their nonsense, they Don't pay taxes.


Yeah. And when I went to visit Greece, which was a long time ago, I was, I just finished Boomerang. So I was like, Hey, what's the story with you guy? I know it's not a popular topic for me, my brand, but I was like, what's the story with, Well these are international taxes. Yeah, yeah. I was You can do that. I was like, what's up with you guys here? Like you don't, you don't pay any taxes. And every guy I met was the only guy in Greece that paid his taxes. He's like, no I do. I do. I do. I do. I gotta read Boomerang then. Yeah, boomerang. Although didn't Michael Lewis get Oh no it was the, it was the blindside. It came out way out. How did that not come out right away? That he was like good friends with the Tuy. That was the whole thing. Oh yeah. I don't know. That all came out like last year where it's like, oh actually he's like very good friends with the family and he just never said that.


I love Michael Lewis books. Oh they're great. But, and I've had 'em on and I love the, he's been nice enough to come on with me. But like when I read Moneyball, the first thing I thought of was like, how come Barry Zito, Hudson and Molder never get fucking mentioned? Right. And or Tejada. Right. Yeah. But it was really about like you have three ones in your rotation. They're All making no money. Far the best. You drafted great pictures. Like they did, they made the entire movie to, they didn't even show them on screen I don't think. Right Dude, They're not even involved. They might showed molder on the back one And. it Just kind of speaks to like how we can all work. Like somebody had said this recently about John Oliver, like John Oliver's monologues are probably the best in the business. Oh, I saw this. All right. And they're unbelievably convincing until he does the one on the topic that you know. You Know. Yeah. So if he did an NBA one, 'cause my range is rather limited.


I was just trying to check the pre-mark in Japan going, I don't know what I'm fucking doing. Like just go to bed. Like wait, so our yen dead is what? Like carry the tube, be like you're fucked. Just turn this off. When I saw that Oliver point, I was like, yeah, maybe. Yeah. If I knew more about, you know, international smuggling. Yeah. But I don't. But god damn an accent. Yeah. It's the accent And a great, a great setup on HBO. I can't hang with that. I saw that and then it bummed me out because then I thought about people who listen to us who are experts in whatever we're talking about. Yeah. But you guys, you admit when you're not, that's what you, that's Very, yeah. We actually very rarely wrong though. The craziest is true. True. Very rarely. The craziest thing to me is that like when we go, when we travel the amount of like NFL scouts or like college football, like coaches say they listen.


I'm like, why? Like how do you just laugh at how stupid we sound like you have to think we're the dumbest people in the world, but You're not presenting yourself like the rest of us. Like I try to present myself as like I've got it and if I'm wrong, it only means the data was wrong. Not the analysis. I, I, I think, I think the scouting coaches like us because they, they listen also to like serious sports talk radio with people that present themselves as geniuses. Yeah. And then we are just the much, much more dumb version of that. Right. Hey look, when a GM says he listens, I apologize too. Yeah. I'm Like, I always feel bad. I'm like there's no way that we're saying anything that you think is interesting because think About like the way the media is covered. Like if they're in the world of podcasting and you or I Big Cat will text each other and be like, can you believe?


Like did you see this? Like here's a perfect example. Fuck it. I'll just say it. 'cause I think it's the funniest leverage leak of all time. There was an article recently about Stephen a's new contract And. it was like if they can't figure it out, he may go to politics. He may go late night or he could get into acting and you're like, you know what you're like that's one where you push back. Okay. And go. I mean he's gonna sign for a huge number because he is really good and he's really valuable and he draws eyeballs whether you love him or hate. Like he, he works Right. But acting 'cause he was on general hospital a couple episodes like come on, We should do that for us ourselves. Next contact No After might do porn. After I saw that, I was like, you know, whenever I'm up here I'm gonna, I'm gonna leak.


I'm gonna leak something to somebody I don't like. Yeah. But when you see our world covered, it makes you just cringe. Yeah. Because you're like, that's not even what happens. That's not how it Works. And so the, even we talk about sports for our entire professional lives. Like I can watch a game and have a feeling about a player, but the number of times where somebody's been nice enough to be like, Hey, I heard about like what you said and I understand how you got there. But actually like this guy was like doing this and then this other thing and you're just like fucking a Yeah. Yeah. We have no clue. Yeah, No clue. You have clue. So don't listen anymore. Unsubscribe. Except Skip Bayless. He knows what he's talking about. RIP Skip Bayless. Are you okay?


No I'm not. Okay. Thank you for asking. I Think you guys appreciated it way more than I ever thought you would have. I What do You mean him? His whole thing. I never Was the biggest skip guy. P ft is more of a skip guy. I I I He just appreciate high. I appreciate That's exactly right. I don't like Skip Bayless. I don't. Although he was very nice to me. The one time I met him it was at, we were in Bristol. Yeah. You got some juice though Dude. I did. No, no I don't. Everybody pre Juice. This is everybody was kissing your ass while You showed up. No, No. This is pre juice. Pre, this is PREAs showing up pre, What's the date of juice? Well this was 2000 AJ after Juice. 2017 was probably the date of juice. This Was 2014. Yeah. So very Preproduced. Yeah. So no one knew what I Looked like. What were you guys even doing there? So I went up there because we won an auction to do a behind the scenes tour of first take.


And so I went up there, I just sat, I watched them tape the show, which was wonderful. It was the day that, what's the, the dude's name on the Jets punch know Smith in the face. Eek Eek in Impala or whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Broke his jaw. And then they had a, a very mature conversation about that Skip and Steven a just yelled at each other for about three hours. And then afterwards I went up, introduced myself to him and then Skip just sat down start asking me about like where I'm from, what teams I like. So He didn't know you were in the media though? No. He just thought you were a random guy. Guy. He was fan. He Thought he was a random guy. But we talked for like He's a fan though. Yeah. Like 15 minutes and just had like a conversa. He didn't have to do that. So I was like, okay, skip seems like a good, a good guy. But no, I've never been like a fan of Skip.


But I appreciate how crazy he is. Yeah. And what an insane person to have on tv. We're so lucky to get watch this guy, the one person in the history of the world that thinks that LeBron sucks. And Tim Tebow is great and there's nobody else that does that. But he truly believes that. I don't know if he truly believes it. You're never gonna get me there. You Don't think so? Yeah. That's where I always falter where I'm like, I think he's, he does a Good job when he said Bro, he's more clutch because of Call of Duty. Like That's a great take. Yep. It's unbelievable. That's a great take. I Mean I give him credit for getting there. Great take because I wasn't, I wasn't gonna workshop that one on the Flippa at any point. And Well he only, he beat Grant Williams who, I still don't know why Grant Williams was there.


I had to double check to make sure that he wasn't in the summer league still. Well not in summer league, but apparently he like wouldn't leave the Call of Duty booth and which is crazy for like days That I, I'm not, I'm not Reporting that. See have that dog In him. Yeah. Maybe he just is like, look, you guys can get shots up. I will too. Yeah. What do you think about the fact that Bronny goes by Bronny? Like in the record, in the the box score? It's B James. It's not El James Hadn't really thought about it a lot. Yeah. You should consider that of mind when we saw it. By the way, another take that you were right about bad idea for us to try to do anything with the SPN. That was just me being competitive.


That Was our juice days. Yeah.


We're gonna get back to Ryan. We're still in a second. He's brought to you by our great friends over at Chevy. There's a reason why we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because for part of my take, there's only one pickup truck. That's the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Well, Silverado is a partner. They've been a partner with us. They'll be a partner with you. They're a partner that you can depend on. We've all spent time driving using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take Jobs, adventures, other Shena shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the big game. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year at Grit Week, Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition that they deserve with the low man Award. And this year Silverado went out west with us for our latest grit week. We drove it all around Southern California, drove it to the ocean, drove it to the golf course, drove it to Rams training camp and back. Silverado brings the grit. It's legendary grit. It's paired with modern truck tech inside and out. Massive screens. I'm talking big, big screens inside this truck. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. Four different powertrain choices and the available multiflex tailgate so you can work and play smarter, not harder. So go over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado. Check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover world of strength and capability behind the wheel of our favorite truck. That would be the legendary Chevy Silverado.


Ron Illa is also brought to you by our good friends at BetterHelp. Part of my take is sponsored by BetterHelp. When your schedule is packed with kids activities, big work projects and more, it's easy to let your priorities slip. Even when we know what makes us happy, it's hard to make time for it. But when you feel like you have no time for yourself, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. You can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Never skip therapy day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash pmt today. Get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/pmt.


Now here's more. Ron Resc. You know that you actually didn't say it was a bad idea. You just were like, be careful. I said be careful. Yeah, you're right. Because one of the most fucked up things that happened when you guys were brought in. 'cause it was hilarious. Like there's, and I think Big Cat and I have talked about this, I don't know if PT and I remember we were talking about Moneyball and somehow we ended up here, but I don't mind we were talking bubbles. I'm still aware, but I don't care anymore 'cause this is more fun. So when Big Cat and PFT showed up to ESPN, like, 'cause the show was already gonna happen, right? Right. And there was a guy in the talent department who I thought was like my guy and everybody on air was always trying to find like their person inland talent department to be like, Hey, like when I'm up, can you, can you, not that they were gonna name the price, but like he needed a voice in the room.


Right? That was always the goal. ES, espn. I need somebody with some fucking juice who was a voice in the room that's gonna be an advocate for me. And If, you don't have that. It's never gonna happen for you there. But they were also incredibly obsessed with whoever didn't work there and was killing. Right. So there was a stretch where like you guys are blowing up and they're thinking of like, how do we just hook into this? Right. And at that point I still would stay like ESPN has the draw. Like I still think ESPN is an incredible opportunity for people that wanna be in. I mean, let's not, let's not, there's Something about being on TV, on live TV that hey man, it still is. Yeah. It goes a lot of places that podcasts don't go whatever. You know, you can, you're gonna have issues no matter where you work.


Okay. And when it's front facing, it also like puts an added pressure on it. But however, I felt about like bigger picture things when I walked in the door that day and was like, I'm gonna talk sports for three hours. Like it was, I didn't have many just, it was never like, I can't believe I have to work today. Right. Okay. Right. But when you guys were walking around, 'cause I'll never forget this. Now there's buzzing and now it's every fucking on air guy going, what's going on with those guys? Like, they're gonna be doing something here. Like, what's up? And we are becoming friends and we see each other, we hug it out. And I'm kind of like, oh. And I knew I was never gonna get like any special stuff. So I, I didn't get too upset about it.


And then a guy in the talent department was like, you're boys with them? And I was like, yeah. Like, you know, we're boys. He's like, I gotta get big cat's cell phone number because I want to like talk to him. And I was like, yeah, like fucking done. I'll get you on a text thread tonight. And so the day wraps up, I think we were, you were around or something. You came back to see me at the studio and another like higher up saw that we were hugging it out in the cafeteria or something. And he was like, is there any way you can get those two guys to like join you once a week? Like your contract's coming up, but like If you could lock those guys in to like visit you once a week. I'm like, I don't know. That might be kind of a big ask.


Or in New York like every week. And so the guy that asked me to get your number, I go to Big Cat and I'm like, Hey, you gotta talk to this guy. He's really plugged in, kind of knows what's going on. And big cat's like, yeah dude, I've been talking to him for a month. He already negotiated a deal for the Van Talk TV show. Yeah. And I was like, and what he was doing is he was actually covering his bases. Trying to Yeah. Trying to make me seem like he had nothing to do with giving You guys the Opportunity because I would've been somebody, they would've gone like, oh, ROSC is gonna be pissed when they get this opportunity. Right. And the reality is, is like that was not an opportunity that I was gonna be giving. Right. Like, I couldn't be mad about you guys getting a chance to shine there.


We were so fucking dumb. Yeah. We were dumb. We were So dumb. But That's, that's also so shitty. You should have gotten paid for the entire thing. That's Shitty. That they go like, they're so concerned about playing the internal mind games and politics that they will like gaslight you into thinking that things are happening one way when they've been operating. Like Game of Thrones behind the scenes. Yeah. Like the, nobody should wanna work at a place like that. The truth. And I'm not even saying it's specific to them. I just think it's a management tactic. It's like, wait, the truth of like, this is way worse than just Right. Hey, we gave these guys a TV show and like I know you want a different opport, but at that point, like I knew and I didn't want to get into all this stuff again. It's just that I told you look out.


Yeah. I was like, look out and we were dumb. Do you remember? Were so dumb. Do you remember the list of Stuff that you gave us when you brought us on onto your radio show the first time And. it was like bringing outdoor cats inside at ES ESPN radio. And they, you guys had a very helpful list of things that we couldn't say or do on the air. Do you remember that? I don't know them. I wrote it. I think I was asked to give it to you guys. Right. One of them was literally no peeing. Yeah. We weren't allowed to pee in the studio and they had to write that down. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't write that. Which because that was pissed Dogs era. Oh no, no it wasn't, this was not your doing. No, it was like, I don't know if it was production or if it Was, you know what would've been great 'cause you don't know this at the time. It's still ES pn, you're kind of figuring out.


But I mean the, the joy in all of the story is that ultimately you didn't need any of it. No. It's the best thing It right It whenever we say it, I think. But They had to ask you to not piss. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. That's where we, it's funny That they thought Like, yeah We should, we should put this in writing and That we couldn't burn, we couldn't light. Somebody should back, you should had Hank be like, Hey, most of this is good. The pee thing, the piss thing. I mean, I have my attorney specifically. No, we, we, it's, it sounds cliche, but every time I, anyone asks me, I'm like, that was literally the best thing that could have happened to us because we learned it very fast early on that our audience is our audience and we don't need anyone else.


And it's like that. And Timing wise too though, right? It was right. Like if it would've been 10 years prior, you would've needed it. Correct. Yeah. And actually you would've had the entry point that you have now. 'cause 10 years ago, well, I don't know. We can get into this pocket. No, but it's true. But like the stuff moved so fast and you know, whenever I was up, I remember there were times where like it was getting down to the deadline of like me having to say yes or say no and you'd want your ego to get in the way. And then I'd be like, dude, If, you don't get to go back and you're gonna be like starting your morning watching Sports Center. Like be honest with yourself. Yeah. You know, it's like, oh, I don't care. If, you date somebody else. You're like, yeah, you do. Yeah. And I would just resign. Yeah. Until I didn't have to anymore. And, But we appreciate you having our back.


There's only a couple people. Well I I do mean that like, I think there's always a lot of competitiveness and there's, I think sometimes jealousy can be good. Like it can be a driving force If you if you're competitive, but you don't want to let jealousy start telling lies. Like you guys are sitting there going back to like, I can't believe these guys, listen, your interviews are better than everybody else's. They're better than mine. You know, I'll speak for myself. I'm not gonna start saying this is why you're better than this. But you have in a very short amount of time establish yourself in a way that you can interview things but you're not like, I remember I tried to get one coach on with you. I was trying to help you. This is like pre on.


I'd never fucking do it now. But I, we, we stole, we we stole Coach O from Ryan. Yeah. Handoff. Yeah, but Pensky gave him too. Yeah, that's true. No, there was like, it was, it was tough for me because it was like right after they won the national championship and then we were like all walking and you guys were like setting up to interview. Yeah. And then we all made eye contact and then o's right hand guy looked at me and it's like, yeah, I've been the guy going to games outta my own fucking pocket for 15 years. But no, this is cool. But I did get, I did help Derrick get his next job. Did you? Well at that point he was your guy. Yeah, That's True. So I got Coach o though in July and then they made me edit out the best answer. So it's basically the same thing. Yeah, yeah. What was that answer? Oh, how would he do against Tommy Moffitt in a fight?


And. it was awesome. The answer was incredible. It was actually like the best part of the interview. Oh, worst and worst. They called me after and they're like, Hey, can we just cut it out? I go, dude, no one actually thinks Coach O's gonna beat up Tommy Moffitt. Yeah. Like it's, it's the best part of the interview. Right. But because of my LSU ties, you know, I wanna protect the family. Right? Yeah. And then I was like, well hopefully If you guys win another national championship. I can get him in the July after that one too. So wait, what was his answer? Oh, he was like, I smacked the shit out of him. Something Like that. I mean he gave you the perfect Coach o answer. Yeah. Yeah. The whole thing And it was, it was like great. Yeah. I think he also hyped up Trump a lot. They said keep that in. We wanna divide the Tommy Moffitt audience.


No, I think there was like randomly Trump came up. I did not bring it up. And he was just like, yeah, he was here practice and man, he'd make a hell of a Football coach. I was like, That's perfect. That's awesome. So, so seriously, you, you have no regrets at all leaving ESPN. I can't believe we're here again. 'cause I feel like I've done all this already. Have we? I don't think we have. Yeah, I know, but I think I've done It. We've never talked about Barstow Vanta and how you had our back, which I, I do like, yeah. Ryan. Ryan. That's something that forever will you, you know, that was our lowest point. And you know, the people that have your back and you and Scott both had our back. And so whenever someone's like, oh, I thought you guys hated ESPN, it's like, well, I don't like ESPN, but there are some certain people there that I will die for.


And some of those people have apologized to you, by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Which I think is fascinating. Yeah. I've already talked a lot about this, so I know we haven't really done it. There's just not really anything left for me to say about it. Like it's been five years there. Only day I, I've missed it. There was only one day I was in my car where I was like, God damn, I wish I was on the air. Right. Now, it was after Westbrook sucked in an elimination playoff game. And I was like, today's Live radio is live radio. It, there's something about it. But I was Thinking about this today 'cause I was listening to live radio and I still listen constantly. Like, dude, the day I was done, I was in the car listening to other people. Right.


Like, I never, it was just time. Okay. It was just time. And I had no idea if it was gonna work out or not. I felt like the floor for me was fine. Right. I felt like, hey, whatever my floor is and I have other interests and, and all the other stuff that I've, I've tried to do and want to do, which has certainly taken a lot of time too. But I wasn't, because I was older, I really was at like peace and I kind of needed, I needed to just be gone. Yeah. Because it wasn't because You did the half in, half out for a little bit. Yeah. And that was kind of the funniest thing at the end was, 'cause the radio show was the end of 17, and I knew that was happening, so I was like, whatever.


But then I was under contract and then my buddies were like, why don't you just go to the south, south of France for eight months? I was like, I'm not a, I'm not like a big enough of a deal to just disappear for a year. Right. And then pop back up. And then I did a podcast, like after we all kind of calmed down after a couple weeks And it, it was actually all like, nobody was really mad or anything. And look, they wanted Stephen a Yeah. And they didn't want me and I understand it. And so I was just too young. I was only 42. Right. 42, 41, 42. And I'm like, I'm too young to be going in, in the wrong direction. And luckily the podcast kind of timed it out. Right. And I was able to move to Manhattan Beach, which is something I've wanted to do for like 20 years when my buddy got traded here and I came to visit him and I went, I can't believe like this is a town that people live in.


Yeah. And so I was like, maybe you just move. You just move. And that's it. I mean, it sounds lame, but I cut out a picture of like a real estate guide of like the dream home in Manhattan Beach. And I put it in my fridge in Connecticut. And I looked at it like every day for five years. I know. Vision. And you did it manifest. And life advice happened, which is one of the best segments in, in any Podcast. Not the most original thing, but it works because of Kyle and Sir Rudy. Yeah. And it's, what made it good is that it was the wives and girlfriends that don't wanna listen to my NBA monologues were like, I went from walking down the street to wives and girlfriends going, I fucking hate you.


You're on in the house and in the car nonstop to, Hey, you're the only guy we can agree to listen to on a road trip. We don't listen to the beginning part or whatever. But that's, I mean, I you, that just triggered a memory, the, the one of the greatest segments ever done. The, the who's the jerk with you and SVP and and Stanford, Steve. And the question of who hates you more, Ryan, women or men. Yeah. That Was, That Was unbelievable. See, that's The part Got you so bad. You know what's funny though is like, I missed that stuff because of course I felt like that was really cool stuff. Yeah. That we were doing, like we did an entire segment of the show where we did like two segments or something. And I go, let's just keep trying different shit.


Like, I remember pitching, who's the jerk to Van Pel in the parking lot at a and m for the Manzel Alabama game. That was the rematch after he had beat them in Tuscaloosa. And I was like really driven to constantly with the radio show, be like, let's keep trying like different dumb shit. Like let's figure it all out. And then they'd be like, eh. And I'm like, how do you not understand how fucking funny Who's the jerk was? Like, It was so good. It was, it goes, the Radio And it, one came no one in management. Like there wasn't one fucking person that went, Hey, that thing you did today was awesome. Yeah. And that's when you're like, Hey, I know this works.


Like my instincts are good. Like, why, why are you not under? But like Mike and Mike were so dominant and every middle manager and up management person loved cow herd because he was more aligned with them life, experience, age-wise. And that's something you always have to remember. Like when you're in creative things, like I think the best creative managers can be like, I don't get anything you're doing right. but it fucking works. Right? Yeah. So let's just keep doing your thing. Yeah. Dave Has never listened to a single episode of Pardon My Take. No. He doesn't know I Exist. He doesn't ca he doesn't, he It's not for him. Can I tell you a Dave story? Yeah. So I was back in my old stomping grounds of Vermont. Burlington means a lot to me. I go back once a Year.


Wait, I thought you, I think you went to LSU. No, no football team at Vermont. So I'm allowed to pick one. Got it. That's true. Yeah. You do get that Do Get that. No football since 1974. So there were a couple younger dudes that were excited that I was at my friend's bar and I used to live like above it. And then I'd get stuck on a level of Grand Theft Auto. And I would walk down to his bar and like have a couple beers. I'm like, I'm fucking stuck in the parking garage. I'd be like, dude, you gonna take the drone? And I'd be like, all right. And then I'd set my alarm at 11:59 AM I'd be like, all right. Up bright and early. And this girl comes up to me, she's like, are you Dave Portnoy? Oh.


'cause all these younger guys are really excited. And I was like, I'm not, ah, she was disappointed that I was not. Yeah, Yeah. You should have gone with it. Should I? Yeah. I'm like, what Bite? I used to love It. When you did the, the Boston accents, what segment was that? U-N-S-V-P. State of the Nation. State Of the Nation. Yeah. No, pul the Nation of the Nation Political election year. I, yeah. Pulse the Nation. You have like Dropkick Murphy's playing in the background and just yell at each other for, for like two or three minutes. Great. This was a great radio show. It really was. I listened to it in my car during my lunch break. But like this is the kind of the lesson and all that stuff. Is that the show the first two years, what isn't as good as people remember it? Yeah. Okay. Because that's stuff takes a really long time.


Like it actually takes a long time. And like Scott and I were not friends. He had just heard me filling in and he liked me. And there was this one segment I did ironically, looking at everything that had said was the, the greatest Super Bowl, greatest tournament, greatest golfer, greatest all these. Although Tigers probably a pretty good choice at that time. And I went through like 12 different things and I'm like, there's no way we're this lucky that we've had these 12 things happen in the last calendar year. Like there's no way we're this lucky. And Van Pelt like called in, but we had like a hard break. We couldn't take him. And then he saw me and he was like, Hey, that was really great. And then he came up, they were gonna give him T Rico slot. 'cause Tico couldn't keep doing everything that he was doing. And I still think Tarico, if he just said, Hey, I'm just gonna be radio guy.


I think he would've been like the best radio talk show host. But he's doing the Olympics. Right. World championships and everything. So that's probably a little bit cooler. But I remember like Scott's a watch everything Guy. I'm a watch everything guy. Scott's probably a little insecure about transitioning from TV to radio. I'm insecure. Just 'cause I feel like, what do you guys think? I'm the fucking help here? Like an elf in the North Pole. Like I, I got shit to say. Yeah. And so we are the, we watch everything guy's battling it out. And the show was okay. But there was this part after like two plus years where he told some story about like getting filmed by a bunch of like high school kids and the lacrosse, a outfits in the Chipotle in West Hartford.


And nothing makes it matter. So he starts videotaping them back. I'm like, that's psychotic. Like, he videotaped the kids back, like, what are you doing? He's like, well, how do you like it? And I'm like, yeah, but they're not on tv. They're not on one of the most popular TV shows in the country. I go tell, you know, tell this story and you tell those stories and then you start to realize like, you can watch games and have sports takes and all that stuff, but like, you have to figure out a way to get your personality in there. Yeah. And I mean, you guys are the best example of that going, but it's, it's weird to get the buy-in if nobody knows who you are. Like day one, I'm gonna be Mr. Personality, who's gonna care about all these things. But when you start fucking around more with radio shows Yeah. And podcasts and you just go like, the best segments we have are probably before we even start live advice, we just check in with what Kyle's up to.


Yeah. That's the best stuff. Yeah. You want to be, You wanna know more. And also you're investing that time. It's, It's more than like, when I explain to someone what my job is, it's like pretty much just being a guy that people want to hang out with. That's the key is like, we would need to do a podcast where people want to listen and be like, I could be friends with those guys. Yeah. And you guys have a higher approval rating than I do. I don't Think that's true. I do a pretty higher, higher approval rating. We, we actually get a lot of That that you were talking about earlier. A woman coming up to be like, I can't stand you. There's so many people that we talk to. Like, it'll be a guy that comes up, gets his picture taken and his girlfriend's taking the picture and she's like, he makes me listen to you guys all the time. Yeah. We get that a lot too.


A lot. We're really complimenting each other a ton right now. Yeah, we are. Yeah. So the real reason we had you On today is I'm having a fourth kid. No, I'm just kidding. Fuck that. No way. Why not? You got the money for it. It's not money. It's four kids is a lot's. A lot. Three kids. Three's a lot. Three is a, I'm able to survive Three's a lot. You Think five basketball team. 12 Rivers a kid. You'd make A great dad. I would. You, because I've heard JD Vance, who's calling you a cat lady? I know you might lose me. Do you have a cat? What's your cat's name? Be careful jd. You might lose Ryan. No. You know I named Montezuma.


I just got done reading Conquistador Buddy Levy If. you check it out. I don't know if you're, you might have A cat. I think he does hours. Remember when we went to your house a couple hours after Covid and we were the first people to be in your house in like three years. I know. I gave myself an extra year of Covid. No one was built better for Covid than Ryan. So, No, my friend said the same thing. They're like, you're fine. Right? Yeah. But then I, like another year went by and I was like, are you guys are going out? Oh shit. Like, gotta do it. And then you start saying no to too much stuff. I'll tell you right now, If you, if you're gonna be by yourself with a fucking cat, say yes to more stuff because those calls stop coming in. Yep. And then all of a sudden you're like, all right, I don't have any kids and now I don't have any friends. Yeah. So yeah. I named the cat after Montezuma because I'd read this book and I, I'm gonna share something.


I've been having a lot of colonizer guilt lately. Mm. You guys know what I'm talking about? Yep. Yep. Although I feel like Spain just gets a fucking pass The big time. Right. Big time. Spain. Spain absolutely does B It's only because they like, they lost some wars in the United States, right? Yeah. Right. The Netherlands too. Oh, the Dutch are everywhere. Yeah. Early. They get a huge pass. Federal Reserve. You know who gets it passes Belgium. Yeah. Reserve Currency I should say. It's crazy. Tulips, we, you should do that. You should try that out. Just do it. Tulips. No. Hey, you know what? Why don't we talk about the Dutch They colonized. I may go there next year. We'll table it. Okay. We'll table it. 'cause I don't wanna get off the plane and be like, you's fucking like, oh, shit's deep and Helsinki, right?


Yeah. Yeah. So you're Gonna smoke a lot of weed. Probably not. It just never happened for me. You A red light guy? No. Hmm. I don't, I mean, would I admit it? Probably not. No. At, At some point. At some point. That was almost an admission. At Some point in a monologue. I feel like you'd let it slip. Yeah. I If I did like the travel log and there's just a missing part. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. That'd be a good, that Would, it's a redacted file that would tip It off. Yeah. Yeah. So you're turning, So anyway, on Tuesday, and then you should skip all day. So it's Friday, let's pick it up. Hit the gym a couple times. Found this great court, played with the guy.


Oh, So you turned 49? Yeah. Me and Big Cat were 39. So it's like I'm only wait, I'm a full decade. Yeah. Over you guys. Yeah. Yeah. But Fuck, I got started too late. When You're, when you're in the nines, you do, at least for me, when I turned 30 and, and I feel like I'm having the same experience turning 40. I spend like the entire year when I'm 29 or 39, just thinking about like, oh shit, I'm almost 40. But then when I turned 30 I was like, oh, it's no big deal. Like, yeah, fuck it. Who cares? But is there anything that you want to do that you want to, like any new projects, any new things you wanna get into in your forties? I have good news that I can't share. Like it's incredibly good news. Very good news. Yeah.


So yeah. It's, it's just not finalized yet. And screenplay, it means a lot to me. He's getting a second cat Because the cat, you know, you know how lonely the one cat gets? Yeah. This fucking guy's not gonna start dating somebody again. Cat. The cat Hates you. Well, like, it's just like, Hey man, I can't be there for you all the time. I'm a cat. I Think cats hate everybody. Not a dog. I kind Of wanna go on a, I know the news. I kind wanna go on a hater revenge tour for on your behalf. Would you gimme permission? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Once I might do that, but I just don't know, Like if I could mouth Piece everything I'm trying to do everything I'm trying to do. Like you get the Yes. And it's like, yeah, but you need the bigger Yes. Now it's like, yeah. Yeah. It's just, it's like fucking Bert.


But just Let me know because I'll hit that button. You already do that to me all the time when you send me a tweet knowing that I'm going to quote tweet it and like, I, you seen Jedi mind trick Stuff on Ryan Ryan's like, this guy pisses me off. So he just sends it to me and I'm like, oh fuck. It's on. Or the dune voice. Can somebody confirm? Did Star Wars rip off Dune? I've haven't seen a gonna Guy, your crew that doesn't know the answer to that. Don't Know what Dune is. Yes. I've never seen Yes. He said yes. Hank said yes. So That's true. 'cause I read something that was fairly convincing, but I don't know that I want to be convinced of anything anymore. Yeah. That's kind of where I'm at with this flow of information. You could be telling me the best shit ever. I'm like, I don't want to, yeah. I don't wanna fall For it. I don't wanna get too high, too low. But yeah, I have the, these aren't the Georges you're looking for. And Big Ke will just send the tweet.


Yeah. I'd be like, Hey, you know, what'd be a funny tweet is this, and then he just does it. It's A good attack on guy. Yeah. Just end up and then I just end up online for the next three hours, like fighting Law. And I don't, I didn't even mean to do it originally until he kept doing it, then admitted it. And then I was like, all right, well now this is like too much Fun. Well, congratulations on the big news. Well, I, there's, now I need bigger news. Yeah. But the first part of the big news is, is is a big deal for me. I'm very happy about that. So I probably need to keep pushing myself professionally to fill whatever fucking void Third cat, some therapist would tell me that I have. Yeah. Which I can already figure out on my own. So No, You don't need a therapist. No, I, I'm, I'm good. I already to know everything they would say, it'd be pretty fucking obvious.


And I'm, I'm like way happier than I've, I mean, this isn't the question you're asking me, but like to through the specifics of like the age thing. It's funny 'cause I was the youngest guy until all of a sudden overnight I was like, now I'm older than everybody. Yeah. But that's also because most people are like, you know, people with kids don't invite you to stuff because they don't think you would even want to go. Right. I don't why would you even wanna come to this? But I, I've worked really hard on, on this thing and we'll see. So There you go. So it's awesome. We gotta wrap this up. I mean, it's, it is awesome. We, we love you Ryan.


Rollback question, last question, and we'll get outta here. RHOB k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIP Polos. Hoodies. Joggers shorts. One answer. Who wins the NBA title next year?


Ooh, that is spicy. Yeah, that's already, you don't, you've used all your words. One, one answer. One word. Just one team. It could be a team. It could be a team. It could be a one guy, a Vibe. North America. North America. No, I think it's really, really tough to repeat. So I'll just say nuggets. Oh, okay. I like it. Do you do bracketology for football? It's gonna be challenging. Yeah. I love how the other sports try to capture the magic of the 64 teams. You can't do it. And like nfl.com will have 'em like, Hey, did you finish your bracket?


And be like, lemme okay, it's done. Yeah, But listen, there's a, there's uhoh, there's a are spot here now because Joel Leonardi, he pissed me off last year. He, he, he admitted that he was going to sleep during a conference. Final game. And. it was just like, what? What do you mean you're sleeping? It's the one day he has to work. It's you're literally this is, this is it. You get one week. He's like, I'm going to bed. Like, what the fuck? It was Saturday. It was Saturday. It was Saturday. It was Saturday. Yes. It Was Saturday. It was Saturday the night before. We was so mad. Saturday conference so mad. He was like going to bed. Like, what the fuck? I think it was he missed the Oregon, that, that crazy triple overtime game or No, that was in the tournament. Either way. He went to sleep on conference championship Saturday.


And so someone, some young whipper snapper. It's there for the taken Young whipper snappers are everywhere. Yeah. You know what? They're also cheaper too. That's True. They Are. Yeah. Placement level whipper snapper. Yeah. I don't know. I, I imagine there'll be somebody that they'll try and I mean this like in general of like, hey, we're gonna pretend that the projection of the 12 teams is like, like, dude, I could do this in five minutes. Right. It's not that fucking hard. Alabama, Ohio State. Clemson, Texas. Michigan. Michigan. I just can't wait for the 12, 13, 14 team arguments. Yeah. Maybe Tulane. And there's gonna be a 14 Colorado, like a team ranked 14th.


You're gonna be like, you stink. Yeah. You haven't beaten anyone. Yeah. And you won a chance for the national championship. Don't forget about the six point loss to Ohio State, Right. When they were up 14. Yeah. Went Two. Alright, Ryan, you're the best everyone. Thanks a lot guys. Subscribe to his podcast, Ryan Silla podcast and yeah, let's go. Celebrate your birthday. Sounds good.


Mount Rushmore is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings book your fantasy football draft party at Buffalo Wild Wings to get a fantasy championship ring book@buffalowildwings.com slash fantasy. B dubs is football. Let's go Sports bar book@buffalowildwings.com slash fantasy.


That's buffalo wild wings.com/fantasy. Okay, Mount rush more time. It is getting late and tight in the Mount Rushmore season. We have it's hot six Mount Rushmores left. The standings are max, who's clinched 61 points. I have 53 points. PFT has 45. Hank has 41. So Hank is four behind PFT. Yep. Reminder the points. Go 4, 3, 2, 1. So Hank If, you win this and PFT loses this Mount Rushmore. You'll only be a point behind. So each one matters. It does matter.


Big. I'm not and I'm not clear either. I I could, I could have a all time choke job and, and falter down the, down the last six ones. So Hank, we Let Hank pick this one. Yep. He's went with Mount Rushmore of best feelings and Hank is up first. Weirdly. Go for it. Hank. Yeah. Well First how are you feeling, Hank? I, I feel bad. I feel, I feel nervous. I feel paranoid, but I feel excited. I'm excited to have the opportunity to try and make the most of the season and, and go on a late season run. Let's football guy talk right there. Yeah. I'm exci I'm honored to have the opportunity.


Yeah. And you are just Gotta peak at the right time. I Am exci. I am happy that we had the, the moment of clarity a couple weeks ago where, or maybe it was last week, where you just came clean on the fact that you're bad at this. So you lash out and you accuse everyone else of everything. Because tonight when we were picking it, you came in and accused us of cahoots, cahoots, cahooting against you. It's been a couple times where you're like, pick one and then I pick one. Then you just say what you want to do. No, we ended up with what you wanna do. I know, I know. But that I was You picked. We've already done. Wait, flag. Yeah, flag on the play. Thank you. PF because because Hank gets coddled to and catered to. That's more than anybody, anybody in Mount Rush.


Keep Him Happy. It's always, it's always Big. Cat being like, Hank, what do you wanna do, Hank? Yeah. What do you Wanna do? What do you wanna do? You have, you are coddled when it comes to Mount Rushing. The only reason I said today, and you know it's true. The Only reason how many of the Mount Rushmores have I picked this year? Hey, Hank, the only reason I protested tonight think I picked boo ones. I think you've, I think we've done this before, Which was a different one, which we're not doing. But then you admitted that it was too close. Yeah. So I was right. Right. So apologize to me. But you, you still Wanna do mount? Yeah, it's, I apologize. I was trying to help you with the other one. No, I said I'm paranoid. I said, I said I'm paranoid. I said I'm paranoid. I said, I said we should do mount. I'm still not, not paranoid, but I'll admit that I am paranoid. You're Blindly accusing cahoots.


I said that we, I offered up a 'cause I did ask you to pick like cahoots. Well, I asked, I said we should just do the Mount Rushmore of words to start with B so you could pick boobs. One, one. I was trying to be your friend, But I wasn't in the room. This is, this is also nonsense. That would, it doesn't matter for the podcast listeners. This Is, oh, they love this behind scenes. Are you kidding me? This was a conversation. I was in the bathroom taking care of business. You guys were in the same room and Big Cat was usually when he's like pressing to do something that he wants to do. All of a sudden, PFT who was in the same room with Big Cat, it felt like they guys had come to a game plan and then said, you know what, let's make, I was impressive. Then Big Cat was like, I said, that was a good topic And I was pressing. I said, let's do B words so you can get boops. All right. So so in conclusion, Hank, when we say you Are paranoid, I told you when we say let's Don't do this topic, you're like, that's bullshit.


Then when we say, yeah, let's do that topic, you're like, it's also what's your bullshit? I know I was good with it. I'm like, all right. but it felt like cahoots. Like usually when you guys let me, you guys, when usually when I suggest Something and you guys are like, it Sounds like can't exist. Okay. It sounds like we can't exist. Usually when you guys are like, you know the Fts. Exactly right. I told you I was paranoid. You are paranoid. Okay. Hank best feelings. Mount Rushmore. One more. I also feel like I figured out the cahoots, but we can get to it at The end. There's no cahoots. No, I, we'll get to it at the end. 'cause I could be wrong. I probably am. You are. My motto is any, anytime Anywhere. I'm just going anywhere. I'm just running the ball. I'm going with the theme. You know the listeners. I hope appreciate it. I'm just going with feeling boobs. I know he was gonna do that. That's why I said the B word.


You Left a massive I know. Yeah. I realized You left a massive gap at No, at the second pick. Now Max gets one, one. This is your three. Your three Mount Rushmore topics that you wanted to do was simple pleasures, best feelings. And then I was like, let's just do B words. 'cause you just wanna do one that you get boobs. Yeah. Okay. That I cannot believe. Crazy. Like, I almost don't even want to take this. What are doing here? It's crazy. He did that. What are you doing? I he just, his brain is just thinking boobs. He's like, if I get boobs, I win. That's why we should have done B Words. I know, I know, I know. What, what was that Hank? This is the most obvious one. You picked this because it boob because it What happens?


After. you feel The boob? Yes. That is is what feels better. Yeah. But That's just a pressure. That's a high pressure situation. No, It's not. Oh man. Having Sex. One. One. Alright. What, what does that include? Sex. Sex. You, you want, what do you want? Like head? Yeah. Getting your dick sucked. You want your ass eaten. So this is just gonna be like different forms of sex throughout this entire Mount Rushmore. Well, no, No. We'll all get sex and he'll just have feeling boo, I guess. Yeah. Alright, so Max, you get all of sex. Yeah, he get All of sex. I mean, I don't care. I, I I don't care. I have All right. You get all of sex. Take all of sex. Just a, it's a little bit of variety on this Mount rush. All of sex except tf.


Yeah, for sure. He would never pick That. Yeah. You hate that. Do You Understand? I, yeah, I knew that's, I realized. I realized. But You did. When did you realize? I just, that's what I said. I, I'm sticking, I stuck to it. I I kind of realized that I know your brain so well, that when you said best feelings, I was like, that was, that's what you guys talked about in the room. All I said was PFT admit that conversation happened in the game of here's exactly the conversation. So I was right about the conversation. Oh, you weren't? No you weren't because you said Best feelings. And I said PFT, he just wants to take feeling boobs. So why don't we just do B words? But then why did PFT say feelings? Because he was like, he, because Obviously I knew you were gonna take boobs and then Max was gonna have, And that, and that conversation happened. Correct.


Yeah. Because it was obvious what you were gonna do. It's not cahoots. We just accurately predict The future. We know how stupid you're Yeah. It's not cahoots, but you guys are acting like When the weatherman's like it's gonna storm later. On today. Are you like that weatherman's in cahoots with God? Let's, Let's just get on with this. I Think Hank's doing this on purpose for Content. Yeah. I think The way that, that I cannot believe that you just did that. There's no way You're this dumb. Your vision off Headphones. Your vision, your vision of cahoots. You knew what the wrong pick to make was, and you still made it. Well, no, he, the other part when I said I was paranoid Yeah. He didn't know till after. No, I, yeah. Whatever made that pick. No. You still took feeling boobs. Yeah. Which is a good feeling. I'll give you that. Yeah. Great feeling.


Fourth round. Pick the best feeling. Yeah. Okay. So Max has sex and Hank has feeling boobs. That's a good pick. Max. I, I still don't believe that Hank did that. Like that had to have been on purpose. Yeah. Okay. There's A Lot of good feelings. There are a lot of really good feelings. I Got a lot of feelings. Me too. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna go with Right when you get drunk. Mm. That's a good feeling. The moment you get drunk, that's A good feeling. So just Being drunk. Yeah. Drinking, Drinking, Drinking is my, is my choice. Drinking. Drinking beers.


That's a good, that's a good pick. I like that one. Thank you. I like that one. It's no sex. Okay, so I have two. Okay. Hmm. All right. When the perfect song comes on, when the perfect song comes on. Okay. It could be at a party in, in your car. Like, you know when it happens, when the perfect song comes on for the vibe, but it matched the movie. That would be the exact pick. When the Perfect S song comes on for the vibe, it could be nostalgia, anything. There's just no better feeling than just like, damn, this song. And then my second one, I'm gonna go with the 30 minutes before the NCAA tournament tips off.


That's a good pick. Great Feeling, great fucking feeling. Everything Possible. It's like I'm gonna win everything. This is the next, the best four days of the calendar year. Just love that feeling. Bottle up that feeling. Sell it. I would take it over feeling boobs, not me. Okay. You don't like sports? I love sports. And you love women. I love sports. Okay. PFT, your next Pick. All right. My next pick is going to be your dog greeting you after you've been gone for a long time. Good Pick. Good pick. Had it on there? Yeah. Yeah. A wag at the door. Great moment. Blake does his tail in a circle when he is really happy. Yep. When I get that circle tail going, he cuddles in. Yep. You feel like the king of the world jumping On you. Yep. That's a great pick.


Max. I'm gonna go meatballs Picking. Oh, that'd be great. If, you did picking meatballs in a, in another draft. I've won. I wanted to go winning a championship. Yep. Okay. That's a great feeling as a fan. Great feeling As a fan or a person playing, I'm just gonna say winning a championship. Well, There's a difference I think. No, you could take a kid winning a Championship. Winning a championship, winning a Championship. The fans are part of the team. That's true. Yeah. We say we big part of the Team. They're actually the team. Right. Hank, I'm gonna go with waking up Christmas morning as a kid. Had it. That was gonna be my next pick. Pick. Good pick. Hank. Here we go. Let's rebuild And payday.


Oh, nice. Payday is good. Nice. Yeah. Nice one. Nice one. Especially If, you don't pay taxes. Like Hank. I paid payday's extra. You Got zero. Okay. Good picks. Hank. Thank you. Kind of bringing this back around. It's A snake. Yeah. I'm going to go leaving work as you start a vacation. Yep. Yep. That's a good pick, Eh? Ah, no, I'll actually push back a little on that just in the fact that I hate traveling. Okay. Like I like getting to the, like getting to the vacation Is my, yeah. Like opening the hotel room at, yeah. Your Vacation.


Like landing at the vacation is my feeling okay. Arriving at a vacation destination? I don't know. I think it's more so it's less so for us, but more so for people have like a nine to five, but like five o'clock hits. Yeah. On like and you're, and you know you have a week off is got, it's like the best. Yeah. I just hate traveling so much. Alright, I'm gonna go similar kind of to Max's pick. Quitting a job you hate. Mm. Good one. It is a great feeling, especially that drive away from work. I remember when I quit my job that I hated the last job I hated. It was, I don't think I can ever replicate that feeling in my life. Yeah. Great One. I would, I would do that over touching boobs all day. Great one.


Alright, I got two. I got one that I have to do that you guys are probably gonna be like, but I have to do it. But here's the other one. This one is tells me this is kind of the inverse of winning a championship. This is showing myself as a loser, but watching your enemy's rivals fail is a great fucking feeling. Your enemy's arrivals. Yeah. Enemy slash rival. Oh slash rival. Fail Like or Lose. I thought you were saying enemies rival like No, when Aaron Rogers went out on the field the first time with the jets. Yeah. Watching your enemies slash rivals lose is such a great feeling. It's just a great, great feeling.


Yep. Okay. I'm the Mount Rushmore hater Moves would be a good one. Oh yeah, that's a good one. That's a good one. Alright. I will do. Oh man. Okay. I won't do the kids one. I'll save the kid One for honorable mention, I'll, I'll keep it straight here. Walking into a bachelor party that first, First night, like Hour of a bachelor party where it's just, they can't, you can't get better vibes. It's, And it's Similar. You're not hung over yet. It's similar to the, the NCAA tournament. Yeah. It's just where it's like, this is gonna be awesome. Old friends you haven't seen in forever. Everyone's ready to fucking rage.


No one's, you know? 'cause by like day two you've already lost a couple people. Yep. There's some stragglers. Day three. You're like, I just get me the fuck outta here. But when you walk in like that Thursday night, Ugh. Drink a million beers. Usually the reason, usually the vibes are so high when you walk in that it ruins the rest of the bachelor party because you drink so much The first time. You're trying to chase that point. Yeah. Yeah. Should I take becoming a parent? I feel like That wasn't my one, But feel like it's gotta be I might save for Hank. I'll save for Hank. Yeah. What do you mean? Yeah, you can take becoming a parent. Why would I take that? Okay. That's a good feeling. I Had a parent one. I'll save for honorable mentions. I wanted to go straight.


I wanted to play on the equal playing ground. Okay. I will go with, you can take it. I'm not gonna take it. You won't. You're right. I won't. I'm gonna go with getting a call or text after a first date from somebody that you really like. Mm. Nice. When she texts first, Maybe after feeling her boobs. Maybe you haven't felt the boobs yet. Oh. But that's a sign that you will feel, You feel you could be feel. That's pre boobs. That's pre Boob. Holy shit. You get really excited about feeling those boobs. That's A great feeling. Just anything that implies boobs will be felt. Yeah. Yeah.


This is, mine's gonna be pretty niche. Okay. But I don't care. I already clinched. Oh, it's when Your rivals favorite player signs with your team. Nope. It's the best feeling in the world is hitting a home run. Ah, okay. I did have walk off home run, which just, Yeah. Yeah. Just like the feeling, like the split second when you know you got one and it's like, fuck. Yeah. That rocked. Yeah. Yeah. When it hits. Perfect. Yeah. Okay. Hank, your last pick. I will go with finding cash in a pair of pants you haven't worn in a long time. Wow. Okay. Hey, So payday and that. You're rich, You're greedy. Money is great. Yeah. Money is a great feeling and, and either seeing money in your account or you put on a pair of pants, you're like, you know, maybe it's the spring.


You haven't worn these shorts since last, you know, summer 20 bucks. Boom. Can I throw one out that I thought you were gonna pick there? Sure. I mean, puring A drive is such a great feeling. Yeah. It is. Hole in One. I'd rather pure A drive Than a hole in one. Yeah. Hole in one. I mean, we've never felt that It'd be stolen valor. Yeah. Yeah. That Would be stolen in valor. But Puring a drive was on my list where it's just like when you fucking hit just crush one down the middle. There's no better feeling. It's true. I thought you'd have at least of golf. Maybe you just don't love golf. No, I don't. Boobs or Golf for the rest of your life. Gun to your head can never touch a boob again.


Or can never golf again. Can I do the other stuff? Can never touch a boob again and can never do golf again. Wait, Did you just admit that sex is better? 3, 2, 1. Go decide. Yeah, you did. I'd Said that. 3, 2, 1. Golf. Oh, you, well, you'd never golf again. You'd never touch a boob again. If I could do the other stuff, I'd never touch a boob again. Wow. Not even over the overall, You never touch a boob again. I mean, golf. That's one, one pitch lot. There's a lot of, yeah, I know. And you didn't Take any golf. It wasn't like things that you could feel for the rest of your life. Best feelings in the world. I'd take, I'd take, I'd take boobs. Yeah. Boobs. Definitely. Boobs are so good. Yeah, they are. They, they're pretty much the one, one pick in almost every draft.


Honorable mentions my kid. One wasn't kids being born. It's actually, maybe it should have been, but it, it's watching your kid accomplish something is like the best feeling ever. Like just your kid being happy or feeling like they did something and like being proud of it. Is that one just bottle up and just be a billionaire. Yeah. Overnight. What other ones did you guys have falling In love? Falling in in love. A good one. Huey. Huey. You're romantic. You're not A boobs or sex guy. You're a love guy. I can't remember the personality. Yeah. Nailing a parallel parking spot. I had That in front of a crowd. Yeah. Yep. When there's people watching you, finding out that it's gonna be a snow day. Yeah. As a kid Having a great shit.


Just one of those like, yeah. Making a shit's good. Like where you just feel 10 pounds. Yeah. Pissed too. But when you feel like 10 pounds lighter, Just peeing when you really have to, when you really Have to pee that. Honestly, that's a really, I know. I, I had a bunch of sleep ones when I realized I didn't wanna just do all I had sleep. But like going to sleep with nothing to do with no next morning alarm. Yeah. No alarm. Waking Up, fully rested. Feeling That the Other one. An incredible feeling I haven't felt in forever. What about this one? Do you guys going over a big jump when you feel it in the bottom of your balls? You know what I'm talking about? Like on a bike? On a bike or like a, or being on a swing set or a rollercoaster. Getting that rollercoaster tingle at the bottom of your balls. Oh, that one's a good feeling. Hypothetically, successfully sneaking into a sporting event Yep.


Is one of the best feelings ever Breaking the law. Fuck yeah. Should have had Breaking the law on the list. Breaking, Breaking the law and getting away with it. Yeah. Is A great one. Getting away with a crime Sunday night of a long weekend. That's a great feeling. Yeah. Where you're just like, your body tells you like, oh shit, we gotta go to, oh shit. We don't Oh, another day. Yeah. Yeah. Sunday night of a long weekend is a great Sunday night. Sunday night when it's You have Monday off. Yeah. Yeah. It's a Great feeling. The last day of school as a kid, last day of school, Waking up Sunday after winning bets Saturday. Yep. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hitting a big, hitting a game of the year. Taking off Spanx. Yep. Let it breathe for a little bit. I took off my Spanx last night after the wedding and I just, Ugh.


It's Incredible microwave thing when you, when you, when you time it, when you time, when you time it and you, you make get right before the, the thing goes off hitting All the traffic lights. Oh yeah. That's a good one. Good feeling. Being At a game that you know is like historic is a good, is like, like either a clinching game, Walking into a big game Is a game. Yeah. Wow. That's a great one. Oh, there's, when you see the grass, first Time that green through the stadium concourse. That's a great one. Except for when it's like super sunny and you're really hungover. I had one that we've all experienced a schwarber home run. Yep. Yeah. That is fun. Great feeling, great thing to root for. Great fucking feeling I had when your car starts.


Yep. Maybe niche, but it's, it's a good feeling. Yep. When the food comes to your table. Yeah. At a restaurant. Yeah. Oh. Or also when you do the move where you go where the food's taking a while and you go to the bathroom and then you come back and it's there. That's a great feeling when the time that perfectly When the server tells you excellent order. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good feeling. What else? Any, any others? Puring a drive. How, how do you feel? How do you feel? I think Hanks was good. I think, I think he did a good job. It wasn't bad. Yeah. The red zone countdown clock the first one of the season. Yeah. The single, single onion ring in a french fry order. Going to lucky one. Yeah. Yeah. This great Feeling.


Going to a, a post Super Bowl winning party with the team. Yep. I imagine that'd be fun. Ringing a bell at a lighthouse. Leading your favorite sports team onto the field. Yeah. The pitchers also just stole the bell for the Sixers. Like why? Like why is it a bell? It's a fair question. He's Been saying like, what is it? Yeah. It's been, Bells are in fucking lighthouses. Lighthouses are a representation of the region of New England. Wait, but hey you, I, you just said that the Patriots were your favorite team. I thought the Celtics were your favorite team. The next one, say the next one. Your favorite football team. The next champ Favorite football team. Making great time on a drive.


Oh yeah. That's a great Feeling when you're just like, I fucking crushed that drive. I thought of one of like, I didn't really know how to explain it. When you get somewhere and a line builds After you. Oh. But there's no line When you, I didn't really know how to explain it, but it's A great feeling. That's a great feeling. That's a great, great feeling. Okay. This is a good Mount Rushmore Donating to charity. Yeah. Matching. Matching a donation to charity. Charity cos donating to charity. Yeah. But actually better. Great. Feeling the matches actually feels better. Doubling, matching and matching feels way better. Telling everyone you've donated to charity feels great. Giving your seat to a troop on a flight in front of Peter King and having him write about it and his football call.


Yeah, that's great. It's gotta be a good feeling. That's a great feeling. I imagine taking steroids would be a great feeling too. Yeah. Any, anything with that, Hank? Not yet. That'll be September. Okay. Yeah. 'cause Hank turned to me yesterday and said it might be steroids done steroid season and fake question the Don. We're gonna do some, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make a call to former colleague of ours. Oh, all right. Good, good, good. Same sport. Good show boys. We'll see everyone. Same career path too. Yeah. We'll see everyone from camp. See everyone from camp on Wednesday. Let's finish off with numbers 69 in his honor.


23 56, 61, 99 Pug. PFT 98. Pug. Oh yeah, pug. Got it. Be 99. I want this to be 98. He got it for the fifth time. It's gonna be 98. It's, it's pug. It's not the number 90. Oh my God. No fucking way. No fucking way. Fucking God. That 98 or 86. That's 98 at the bottom. It's on the bottom. Oh my God. What the fuck? Fuck this fucking God. P you are. Maybe it Is just me. Pug. Oh my God.


You're a fucking magician dude. Pug is a problem. How did you do that? It's 98 PFT. Do you want 98? Yeah. You can take 99 back. No, you just need to have pug tell you what number to pick. I, I I can't. That's insane. This is two in a row. It doesn't matter. 'cause whatever you get two in a row on different numbers is insane. I gotta get outta 99. You are, it's yours again. Pug. This guy just dominates this machine. I'm hot. I'm hot. Pug Pug. What a legend. Fucking pug. He's the perfect guy to have this too. Yeah. God dammit. Pug. That's, that's the most impressive thing Ive ever seen. He just walks in after six. He's got six. Yeah. You gotta go to the Jordan six.


He's got, he just spread your fingers out. Pug. What are you doing? There you go. All right. He just walks in at the end of the show and he just gets the number. He just walks out, does pug things goes scratches his ears. Goes and plays his Ls, his butt hole. Yeah. Alright. Good job Pug. Love you guys Talking away. I, I'm to say today's another day to find you shying away. Oh, I'll be coming for your love. Okay. Shying away.


Oh, I'll be coming for your love. Okay. On is life is okay. Say Up to me.


It's the better to be safe than Say up to me. It's the better to be than. Hi. Hi.