
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a lot. We have Mount Rushmore season. It is back. We have the Mount Rushmore Awards is start with m gets a little contentious, which is good. We have Ryan s on to talk NBA draft little cleanup from the NBA finals. We have Oklahoma City Thunder, NBA champion, Isaiah Hartenstein. And we are going to do FAQs and also talk about Hank Celtics being dismantled and who's, or sorry, hot seat chill throne.


So before we get to all of that, DraftKings, nothing beats relaxing on a hot summer day and watching baseball. And the simplest way to get in on the action is to download the Pick six app from DraftKings. It's crazy simple. Just pick more or less on the stats for two or more of your favorite players. And boom, you're in the mix for big cash prizes. No gimmicks, no weird rules. Just ball, nail your picks and you're heating up. Pick six. Brings upside with payouts up to 500 times. Pick six is live in a ton of states, Texas, Cali, Georgia, Missouri, and lots more. Don't settle for a smaller payout switch to pick six. And right now, new customers can take advantage of a special signup offer. Pick six from DraftKings is the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to get a special signup. Offer Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must speak 18 and over. Agent eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited For additional terms or responsible gaming resources, see pick six dot at DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go Football.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Pick six. Pick six from DraftKings. The most fun way to play fantasy sports. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code. Take. That's code take for new customers to get a special signup offer Better payouts, bigger wins. Only with pick six from DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, June 25th. And boys, it's Mount Rushmore season. Let's go. It's Mount Rushmore season. Best time of the year. Did you guys see our good friend, friend of the program? Alex Caruso at the Oklahoma City Thunder Championship parade with a Mount Rushmore shirt on all four of the heads being Alex Cruso. That's old school. That's awesome. I like that a lot. Yeah. Alex Caruso for president. Alex Cruso for president. So yeah, the, the Thunder had their parade today. It was funny watching like Chet Holman get really drunk. How many beers do you think it takes Chet to get drunk? I think it's like, I think he's a two can. Yeah, two. I was gonna say three, maybe four.


I think two beers and a cigarette. Yeah. And he was puking. He was, he was very drunk. Called the Mitchell Lo TROs. Yeah, they were, they were they In in the press conference? He was like, I got my Mitchell low TROs. It's also just weird seeing a Gonzaga player win. It is. That's kind of strange. Yeah. Never been to a Final Four. Never won an NBA championship. Yeah. Jalen Williams I think said that he had his first drink ever. That's gotta be the best. If I think we've done, you know, best beers on Mount Rushmore before, but having your first beer ever be after winning an NBA title has to fucking rule. That's Gotta be kind of cool. But then the, the hangover that he got, he seemed like he was never gonna drink again.


Yeah. But do you remember like drinking your first beer and just being annihilated after one beer? No, but what That's gotta be so much fun. What I'm saying for him is he should not say he's never gonna drink again. Oh yeah. Because you should drink just only when you win an NBA championship. Yeah. Yeah. Like I'll see you next year. Beer He said, he said, I drank a little bit, took a couple shots. Champagne. I had a beer. It was all disgusting. I'm gonna stick to Shirley Temple. He Was ripping shots of champagne. Yeah, I guess So. Damn. It was pretty Crazy. Also, the Thunder, everyone gets a day, I don't know if you guys saw this, but the mayor of Oklahoma City, he gave every single person on the team a day. So I don't know if you wanna get your calendar out, but Alex Caruso and Lou Dort are back to back July 24th and July 25th.


Lou Dorte. Alex Cruso day. That's very cool. It's pretty crazy that everyone gets a day though. That's very, even Clay Bennett got got a day. Well, clay Bennett day, listen, respect, I would say every day is his day. Respect to Clay Bennett. Yeah. Respect. What, what hasn't he accomplished so far in life? A lot of respect. Yeah. No, the, the parade was great. I like to see, you know, a city that really gets behind a team like that. Yeah. Say We can celebrate Alex Caruso day and the, and the officers have everyone Shave their heads Trip over the gauntlet. Like see, shave their heads. Do their best version of, of what he did. Yeah. With a ring that doesn't count. He did say like, I finally have a real one. Yeah. He Was joking. Ah, I choose to, but at the core of every joke Yeah. Therein lies a serious truth.


I'd like to think that maybe he was thinking of us in that moment. Yeah. Real one like Alex Caruso is now an NBA champion. Yeah, He is. He's a one time NBA champion. But yeah, it was cool seeing we, we did also get the, the classic online argument of, is your parade worthy enough? Are there enough people at the aerial shot of your parade? Florida actually showed up pretty well for the Panthers. But Oklahoma City, they were, there were some people who were, who were laughing at them. I just, I love that. 'cause it basically is, is admitting you're a loser and you're gonna basically say, all I have left is be like, you don't have enough people at your pool. Well, you can also say like, we have real jobs Yeah. That we have to go to during the week. True. That's, these are oil pumping hours in the middle of the day.


Now when it comes to Oklahoma City, I want to give a, we've given shout outs to obviously thunder worthy of all the praise. Thunder princes Brickman wasn't able to come a part of my take. He's a rocket scientist. Yep. So he's fielding a rocket science call. But then there's also Delbert Jenkins. Yes. Oklahoma City super fan. And shout out Bunky Perkins, who always puts this on the timeline. But Delbert Jenkins is the funniest NBA fan that I've ever seen with his flat top hanging on for dear life. It's like a Lego falling off the back of his head. Yep. And this guy, his name's Delbert, his name is Delbert Delbert Jenkins. And you have to say it like a Delbert. And he is the man and he is a world champion right now. So I hope Delbert, wherever you are, I hope you're having a good time celebrating.


I also have good news for you boys. I know that game seven was a bummer. 'cause Tyrese, Halliburton got hurt and it kind of robbed of us. OO of what we thought was gonna be an all time finish. Do you guys wanna guess how many people watched? Million people watched? How many millions of people watched? I'm 3.8. I'm, I'm gonna guess. 'cause earlier it was 2.8 billion, right? Yeah. Game one. I think this one took a backseat a little bit. I'm gonna go 3 million. Okay. 16.35 million. Watched Game seven peaked at 19.28 million. So congrats to us for watching something that other people watched.


I guess we know Ball feels Good. Feels good. I guess we know Ball. It was, I believe the highest NBA finals game since Warriors Raptors in 2019. But it also was down 9.3% from like last year. So The, the bottom line overall, nobody knows how to measure ratings anymore. No. When it comes to the internet, when it comes to phones, we're all just kind of guessing. Yeah. 5 billion views is what is what they're saying across all, all me social media platforms, 5 billion views, 5 billion Every, almost everyone in the world watch this up. 215% versus last year. It's pretty good. Did they just tweet more? Yeah. Could Like that could probably be it, right? You could do that. You could do that. Like, if they're just like, Hey, let's just flood the zone.


Yeah. Flood the timeline. Let just, Let's just get everything out there. That's a good possibility. The real NBA news though, is Hank your Celtics, the championship team that you were on a duck boat With. Yep. Pretty much Almost a year to like the day, year To the day. Two days Ago. Two days ago is no more Christ stop's gone. Drew Holiday gone. Are they done? And also, how do you feel? So things aren't done. People are saying Brad Stevens fleece the trailblazers For Anthony. Si Simmons. I really, I'm not gonna say that that's true. 'cause I know Give us breakdown. Nothing, nothing Break. Not Anthony Simmons. I know that people online were telling me that he's better than Drew Holiday currently.


I don't necessarily believe that he is younger. So I can cheaper. I can, I can buy on that. He's cheaper. And we got a ton of cap space because we're gonna be paying Drew Holiday for the next four years. Yeah. Trailblazers are gonna be paying not your money. Drew Holiday. $40 million when he is 37. So that's good. It's sad. What's, it's just sad. A year ago to the day I was on the duck boat and this team felt like a core team that for the next three to four years, we're gonna be in the hunt. We're gonna be going for the championship again. Repeat even going into the playoffs, it was like, we're gonna repeat. And so it did flip quickly where it's like, oh shit. Tatum's hurt. We kind of knew we were gonna have to get rid of Drew Holiday or Pingus, but after the injury, it was like, we're gonna get rid of both of 'em.


We're gonna rebuild. And this is, you know, part of those process. George Yang. I'm happy about that. Hey man, I'm happy about that. So let Me ask you this, Hank are they done, are they done trading? Yeah. Probably not. You think Brad Stevens is, I don't Got one trick bad. I don't. I, the, the other, the other, I, I just, I I really hope we keep Derrick White. I really hope we keep Derrick White. He's the other person that gets thrown around a lot. I mean, even Jalen Brown. But I'm gonna say no. I'm probably gonna say no. And that scares me. But yeah, It Should. I feel like we're not done. Did you learn any lessons? Good question. Have you learned a lesson? Have you learned any lessons From how you felt last year? Yeah. Have you learned any Lessons to, to where you're at right now?


No. This is, this is, you didn't learn shit. If I learn my lesson, it's, this is why you enjoy every last second. If you ever get a chance to, to be in that spot, you, you live it up and you do it, do it up. 'cause it might never happen again. Yeah. That, no. So you did learn lesson It. Good lesson. Yeah. I'm happy I did what I did. Can You, can you grade each trade? The Drew holiday trade? I'll give a a b plus. Okay. Tell the truth. And I, I mean, George Yang is, is, you know, Boston guy, local guy, current guest. A WL minivan. Great dude. Great dude. So I'm gonna give that one an a. Oh, okay. So you guys did well. Yeah. So you hate Pingus? No, but I, I like, I like, I like George a lot.


George, The important part of all of this is you, you, and you said it at the stars there. Jeff Goodman said he loves George Yang to Boston Elite locker room. Guy IQ will give this others a shooter off the bench. Just gotta keep him out the north end. Okay. And Jeff Goodman knows hoops. Yeah. The, the, the important part of all this though, was you buried the lead. You did happen to see at least a couple tweets saying you guys fleeced the Blazers. Yeah. Then you're good. We, we, that's It. I saw a lot of Tweets. Oh, then you're Good. Then everyone was like, you say this the time, how did the Blazers let this happen? As long as the first couple of replies Reaction, my ion was like, oh my god. Fuck. And then I went online and everyone was like, this is the best trade possible for the Celtics. Yeah. Yeah. And I Was like, yeah, obviously all, all You need need, all you need for a trade, duh.


Is for the one of the top three replies to Shams or Shefter to be fleeced. Dude, Fleece is my favorite reaction to any, any trade ever in sports. Because you can just say fleeced about it and you're gonna be Right. Because you're not saying, which team got fleeced? You say, man, fleecing my fa And then like two years from now I'll be like, look, I was right about the Fleecing. My favorite is seeing someone be like fleeced. And then under that will be like by who? And then they'll be like immediate replies by like Clea Portland fleece the Celtics. Yeah. The Celtics fleece Portland. It is just, everyone has different but fleece. Then you let them fight it out. Yeah. Yeah. As long as the fleecing occurred. Yeah. No, good job. Somebody, somebody got fleeced. Yeah. If you're not the one doing the fleecing, you're the one getting fleeced.


That's Facts. PFTU got CJ McCallum, We got CJ McCallum. I'm pumped about that. Huge. The wizards turning things around. That's sad. Why? For cj. Oh, what? Playing on the Wizards. Yeah. You're you're trading away all your best friends. Hank set this one out. I Mean, you did say when we're about to have the interview with the Illa, you're like, when guys go and play on the Wizards, they like lose their love to play Basketball. Well, that's a fact in the past. But that could, that could never happen with cj. That's happening. That's happening in like one hour from now in the show. I'm, when, when he puts the uniform on for the official team picture, he's just gonna be like, I man, I'm just here to cash a check. Oh, That's like Chris Middleton picking up his option from the Wizards.


Yeah. For 33 million. It's like, yeah, no shit. Yeah, of course you would. Pat Connon picked up his from the Bucks and it was like, no, duh. Yeah. So, I mean, I'm excited that I have a player on the Wizards that I, I really enjoy as a human being that I get to root for. He does run our fantasy league, so I hope Jerry O'Connell doesn't burn that bridge and make CJ hate me. But yeah, I like CJ a lot. I'm excited to watch him as a wizard. I think there's a good chance that we might get Ace Bailey. There you go. So listen, I, I'm kind of, I'm slowly realizing that maybe the Wizards might not be complete dog shit over the course of the next two years. There you go. Yeah. I mean the listen, the, the steal the draft will be the, the Mavericks have already won the draft, which they, we are doing our draft preview with Illa in a minute.


But I don't know if you guys knew this Cooper flag is like LeBron James and Kevin Garnet having a baby. That's Who Said that? Happy Pride. Who said that? You should both get this Skip Co. Colin Coward. No, ESPN. You should both get it. Scott Van Pelt. Come on. Oh, Stanford, Steve? No, it's Kendrick Perkins obviously. Okay. Alright. Per, Yeah. Carry the hell on LeBron James and Kevin Garnet having a baby. I'm shocked you get Cooper flag. I mean, he should, if you had said like having a damn baby, I would've been like, yeah, that's Perk. Yeah. Now not carry the hell on. The only other thing I had was I just love that Kevin Durant just keeps owning e Emmanuel Acho, which is the best.


That's good because Emanuel Acho put out his legacy formula, which bro thought he did something. The legacy formula. Yeah. You didn't see the legacy formula? No, but I gotta prepare myself for this. Okay. This is like, I, I feel like I'm Matt Damon walking through the halls of MIT and I'm stumbling across a blackboard. Yeah. So what's the formula? So just so we're clear, he, there's a disclaimer here for clarity, legacy and talent are not the same. Okay. All right. Just want to get you guys ready for that going in. All right. The legacy formula is championship championships. One divided by teams played for equals teams legacy team legacy. That's, that's legacy. That's Player legacy. Yes. That's it. So, so Kobe Bryant has a legacy of five.


Tim Dun, he played five, he won five championships for one team. Tim Duncan also has a legacy of five. Then you go down the list. Steph, Steph has a legacy of four. Kind of like this. LeBron has a legacy of 1.3. Yeah. A like this. Dirk has a legacy of one. And Kevin Durant has a whopping legacy of 0.4. Okay. Two, two championships. Five teams. What? He might have done something. What about, You think he, you think Bro did something? If you're gonna NFL, like what, what does that mean for Peyton Manning and Tom Brady's legacies. Yeah. They Actually, Jordan did it. He, he, he ruined his legacy going to the whistle three and a half. Actually, he would've had a six. Yeah. They actually don't have the legacy that we thought they won state. Yeah, it Got divided in half.


That's a good formula. It's a good Number. No, Brady's legacy still Stands up though. I, I just, I love the idea, but it, The formula three and a half is still higher than Everyone else. It's Not higher than six, But it's still like, It would've been six Mahomes can bail, but Mannings goes Cut in half. But if Mahomes wins one more and stays with the chiefs, he now has a higher legacy. True. That's true. So that's, that's it. I mean, that would Joe Montana. Oh no, he played for the Chiefs. Yeah. Okay. I love the idea. Has a three Of, of E Emmanuel Acho sitting down at a table in a white lab coat like he's Oppenheimer. Yeah. Like coming up with his formula and he's like, no, no, it's all shit crumpling up pieces, throwing it away and coming out with a, a, a two factor legacy authentication.


Yeah. That's, that's awesome. So I'm glad that's good for sports. Okay. But, all right, so you like the e Emmanuel Acho legacy formula. Can I interest you in a different formula? Yeah. Okay, Here it is. This is the great Kevin Durant's legacy formula. Okay. And this is how this formula is decided. This is from Kevin Durant. According to the great Kevin Durant's legacy formula that was created in the best labs at MIT Emanuel is the worst linebacker of all time. You sure you wanna listen to this guy about greatness? That's what he came back with. I Love it. That's good. Good for Kevin Durant. That's a Kevin Durant's formula only rates one person and it's Emmanuel Acho and it's the worst. Yeah, That's good. Good for him. This Is, this is, this is such a sign. We need football back.


We have legacy formulas dropping. I'm very excited for football coming back. Do you see Florio's thing? Yeah. So, so I, I explain It to me. Alright, so, so last night Florio tweeted out, I expect some big news to be happening tomorrow As Mike Stud will Do as Mike Stud does. And I actually, I got a text from Mike last night being like, I'm glad that you saw this. And then I was like, Mike, what are we talking about? Like, is this Bengals related news? Is this extension related news for some player? And he was like, Nope, it's a niche issue that not many will care about, but it will be earth shattering. And so I was like, okay, I can't wait. So Basically, basically he said, this is the greatest news for me personally.


Mike Flore. Yeah. Like if Mike Florio had not been a part of this news happening Yeah. This would be Mike Florio's dream story to cover. Correct. As a journalist. And then he came out this morning, he went on the podcast with Pablo Tore and they got exclusive access to the league's collusion settlement that they had. And they proved that the league actually was colluding against players after the Deshaun Watson signing where he got so much guaranteed money that now the other owners got together and they're like, we're not paying these guys guaranteed money like that anymore. Jimmy has, them's a piece of shit we're, we all have to agree that we're not gonna, we're not gonna do that because that's gonna fuck everything up. So apparently at the center of this was Russell Wilson. Kyler Murray and I believe there was one other quarterback Lamar.


Yeah. And Lamar. And Lamar Jackson. Yeah. So I feel Like, I feel like Florio's, all his theories, all roads always lead back to Lamar. Back to Lamar and Like his contracts. Yeah, it might, it might. But with the, with the Kyle Murray thing and the, the fact that the owners are getting together to discuss like, do not pay these guys fully guaranteed contracts. I do think that that's a pretty big deal. Yeah, No, I agree. Like It's, it's big that all the teams who have an antitrust exemption to be getting together and discussing this. But again, yeah. This is Mike Florio's dream story that he could possibly write about. Right. And he was also part of Also dropping in on a summer Friday or summer Tuesday. What? Tuesday?


It was like a Friday. What day is summer? He dropped in the summer. We're far away from He dropped in summer, Buddy. Mike, why'd you drop this news in the summer? This news would've, this news would've banged if it was November. Look at his face right now. Summer, Friday. Wait, Hank, I have a question though, Hank. It is Tuesday, brother, I have a question. Hank, if he dropped it our Friday, what's the big deal? That's still weekday. It's not like weekend One. It's summer. No one cares. It's summer. It's summer. Friday. All summer. Summer. Cut to Friday. How did You get It's Tuesday. It's Tuesday. We are, we are golfing. We're we're doing the Ryder Cup. There's not gonna be any spoilers coming out later. This what? In August. So that's why you're watching us in, I don't even know what, what to describe.


Beautiful cabin. A beautiful cabin. What, what was that? Max? It's literally as far away from Friday as you could possibly be. Yeah. Actually. Like it's either you're right a day or Tuesday or both. As far away. Equally as far away from Friday. Yeah. Hank, where'd that come from? Where'd the Friday part come from? That was bad. 'cause we're golfing. We're golfing, we're golfing, we're golfing. I'm golfing. I'm golfing. I'm golfing. Your Brain goes to Friday. As soon as we start golfing, it's, yeah. No, it's on me. Handout. Handout is a dream. Delete that dream week. We're gonna cut that. Good at, we're basically Playing maximum amount of golf this week for content for our jobs. Yeah. Hot, cool Throne. Hank is very excited about that. Did You just try to move us on? Yeah, he Did.


Alright, Well we'll Move on. We'll move on. But one last thing. Aaron Rogers is he's, he's doing a retirement Tour. I don't know that he is. I He says he Is. Do you think Aaron Rod is gonna get to him this season and the Steelers make the playoffs and then he's gonna fade quietly into the sunset? Probably not. Like go buy a bungalow in Costa Rica. Probably not. I don't think he is. Yeah. Probably not. I feel like he's just saying this maybe to gain favor from Steelers fans being like, Hey, I'm not gonna torture you guys for too long. I mean, what does that mean for his legacy though? Oh man. Two teams. Yeah. Well, he's got a, he's got a legacy of 0.3. Yeah. What about Benedict Arnold? Zero championships, two teams. That's crazy. It's bad. Yeah. He is got a negative.


Although you can't divide by zero. No, I think if you, if you leave a team and then they immediately win after you leave and then your new team doesn't win anything, then that's negative or that's negative. Legacy. Brian Whitney. Oh fuck. Ah, God damn it. Hank, why would you bring him up? Bryce Harper? Shit. Damn. Brian Whitney will be on the show on Friday. I've confirmed that booking not because he's staying, he's staying in a cabin with me in PFT and I said to him, Hey, can you come on Friday? He said, yeah, He's not looking forward to it. He's not. He's like, he said, what? So you can beat me up? Yeah. Like, yeah dude, I had a dumb thought. Yeah. This might be the dumbest thought. Okay. Maybe I've ever said, okay. Yeah, no, It's dumber Rollerblading from LA to San Diego.


Was that dunking from The free throw rocks? Both Rocks taking a boat, taking a fan boat from New Orleans to Baton Rouge after LSU won a championship you're describing in the middle of the night. In the middle of the night. Do you realize as if we would, Everyone you say makes me sound cool as, As if LSU fans would be like, oh shit, PFT and Big Cat are here now the party starts. Oh, it wasn't about the, it was about the journey, the fan boat journey. It was about showing up on the fan boat. But go ahead. Yeah. So this might be the dumbest idea ever deep in the second round of the NBA draft. Let's just say the Pacers got the last pick in the second round of the NBA draft. Maybe they're a little bit worried about selling tickets next season. Oh, I Know where you're Going with this.


Maybe a little bit worried about selling tickets. This isn't dumb Next season. This Is not dumb. Halliburton's not gonna be Back. This is not dumb. Why don't they draft Kaitlyn Clark? This Is not dumb. This is not dumb. I do not think this is dumb at all. Put her in, in like the, the late second half of a blowout. Either way. Maybe like a handful of games here or there. Are they allowed to do that? I know that, that you can pay her. I, yeah. I don't think this is Dumb. I think she'd sell tickets. I do not think that's dumb at all. Now is, is she at the ability level to be an NBA player? No. Obviously not. But sell tickets. She's not, she can go out there Ball in hoop. She can hit a couple threes Ball in hoop. Hank, what do you think? Floor space. How dumb is that idea? It would sell tickets.


It would sell tickets. Yeah. Like honestly, the Wizard should draft her. It would be so funny. The Wizard should draft. I'm gonna say this right now. The Washington Wizards second round pick whatever your last second round pick is. Draft Kaitlyn Clark. Yeah. You want people to go to your games. That's, I mean, it's not a dumb idea. So that I'm throwing out the d the, the rollerblades was dumber. Zach, Was that a dumb idea? Kind of a solid game plan to sell some tickets. Get Caly Clark Clark in the building. Sell some jerseys. Yeah, Definitely sell some jerseys. Definitely. Their per their pumping merch. They they pick ca Caton Clark up. Yeah. Pacers, Caitlyn Clark jerseys would go crazy. Dude. They Would go hard. Yeah. That would be sick. Yeah. All right. Hank, you wanna do hot seat chill Terone?


Yeah. Or you still think it's Friday? No. Let's do hot seat. All right. Hot seat. Chill. Terone


Wait. Fire Fest. This segment is brought to you by Body Armor Sports drink this summer. Cool off with body armor. Chill. A bold new way to hydrate with no artificial dyes, flavors or sweeteners. Enjoy a new refreshing cooling sensation in three impossibly cold flavors. Frozen berry, frozen cherry and frozen orange available for a limited time. Grab yours at seven 11 or store near you. Hot seat Chiron. Get Body Armor today available for a limited time. Grab yours at seven 11. Or store near you. You can't, I, I was literally reading the ad and I saw Max giggling, like I saw his, like his body in the background giggling and I started to Giggle.


It's Friday. This guy. I just can't believe it. I saw that's gonna be an all time that's gonna be, it's one of ridiculous. It's so good. It's so good. It's bad. I just started thinking about it. I I'm going be giggling about it probably for the, the rest of The week for for sure. I'm gonna wake up tomorrow and try to get donuts. That was, that was worse than, than Billy asking. Whitney, how was your weekend? On a Tuesday. On a Tuesday? Oh No, you asked what were your plans for the weekend, I think. Was it, How's your weekend? Yeah. How was your Saturday? How was your Saturday? It's Tuesday. How was your Saturday? Okay. I, I forgot that it was How's your Saturday? Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Just as bad though. Hank Hot seat. Chill chiller. No. Yeah.


That made me never wanna speak on this podcast again. I, good thing you're up. I just, yeah. My, my hot seat's yoic. Yeah. Yep. Out of nowhere. Basically the, the, the Nuggets owner was doing a press conference and said he, there's gonna be a, there's a nightmare scenario where the wrong player gets injured and the seasoned apron could force them to consider the possibility of trading Nikola Yoic. What nightmare scenario is that you're Talking? Yeah, just like, basically Like Jamal Murray gets, what, what is it? Oh no. Will he get injured again? Like every year? That was mean. Sorry, Jamal Murray. But that's, I mean, that's basically like in the, in, in the Celtics, you know, they, they were paying, they were doing the luxury tax.


Like that's the Celtics did the same thing where the nightmare scenario happened and they had to deal with it. They weren't talking about the nightmare scenario beforehand. No. This guy like completely unprompted, they were like, yep, it could happen. Like why would you do that? I feel like he was On a summer Friday. Yeah. I feel like he was in a, you don't try to take this back. Don't try to repurpose it and make a joke out of it then. Do not. I It's Tuesday. It's Tuesday. It's fucking Tuesday, dude. It's literally Tuesday. I feel like he came from a, a meeting where they maybe like some, like an accountant looked at it and was like, Hey, if you traded Yoic, So are Friday.


Alright. That's our yoic discussion. Okay. Well, okay. I I have a Spin zone though. I got a cool drone. Wait, wait. Chill drone. Pretty Quick spin zone for that though. I Gotta chill. Throne. If you're the GM of the N your job is to literally think through nightmare scenarios, right? Yeah. Not say 'em, Not say him. Yes. Not say 'em. Do you know what I'm saying? Yes. No, I think he, that's true's true. That's good. That's true. It's that That's true. That you've thought about it. That's true. Just don't say it. I think what happened was though, I think he was literally in a meeting right before the press conference with like an accountant, like the, the head of payroll. And he was like, can you just gimme a, like, show me what we got right now. Yeah. And he saw Yoic at the top and he's like, oh, well. And then it just came out. I, I think his job, a good GM should be thinking it's not GM owner Josh Croy.


Okay. Who said this owner, A good owner. A good owner if they're in lockstep with their gm should be thinking through all the worst case scenarios. They should have a plan for whatever happens. I think maybe he had a meeting where they were going through the worst case scenarios and that scenario stood out to him so much. He's literally had nightmares about him. Yeah. It has become a nightmare scenario for him. Yeah. And so now he's just like thinking about it nonstop. So he had to in his head. Yeah. He had to say it. You should not say that. Never say it. But you should think about it. Never say it. Never. Never. My chill on tight end university. Yeah. Yeah. Taylor Swift. They got Taylor Swift T Swifty.


Wow. She was at, we were, we were at this or no, I don't think you guys came. Me and Billy were at this party. No, we were there. We were up Upstairs. We were at this party two years ago. I wouldn't We have gotten the invite if we were there this year. Oh, it could've Been you. I think it might have. I think it might've. I We did get the invite this year, But Well, yeah. I think us not going, maybe That's what I, I was, that was, that was my first reaction was like, there might be a chance to like, oh yeah. The bar. If we were there, would she have gone? Yes. And how would it have gone for us? Correct. Yes. She would've. Yes. She would've gone. I think there's a But they Would've, they would've kept, They would've. Oh, we Would've closed. We would've been put in a corner. Yeah. Yeah. We would've, we would've probably been given like a, a fake.


I also think we would've borderline knockout invited. Yeah. We, we might've been given a, a fake location. Like, oh yeah. The party's over here. But that's a huge, huge, Is she doing drills with 'em? Yeah. I don't know. It's a crazy, it's a crazy crazy get Yeah, it is. I might even dare I say, I think Travis Kel and Taylor Swift are officially dating in my eyes. That's huge. Yeah. People forget the other part of that clip was me saying if she ever goes to TU Have we seen video evidence of her at TU or just pictures? I believe pictures. I assume there's video evidence as well. I'll find it. Well, Hank gets caught with a lot of questionable video evidence. Sure. Did you see the dog scuba diving? Yeah. That Was sick. This is a big bubble.


And the shark came up and hit him and the cats off the diving board. Yeah. That was sick. That one was real. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. PFT Your hot seat Shelter on my hot seat is Antonio Brown. Oh, Antonio Brown's on the hot seat. We didn't talk about this dude is on the run right now. Oh. 'cause he's wanted for attempted murder. That's not good. But Antonio Brown has done a great job of just putting so much weird shit out there that the attempted murder thing kind of just gets lumped in with all the other stuff that he is done. Right. Where you're jacking off in a pool in front of a family. Yeah, I remember that one where You're spray painting your mustache gold and then touching knees with Jack Darlington, The Jack off pool one.


Was that in like Abu Dhabi or something? It was a country where it's where you're allowed to jack off the Sort of case. No, no, no, no. I'm not saying that. But I feel like there was something where it was like he was in a foreign country, so that's why people were like, oh, whatever. I feel like in Abu Dhabi they would, they would cut your hand off. I agree. I agree. I can't remember where it happened, But yeah. So Antonio Brown, check that for me. He is, he's accused of attempted murder for firing a gun after whatever that, that stream fight was. I didn't have, I didn't have the attention span to really dig into who was at that fight, but I guess Aiden Ross. Aiden Ross. Yeah. Yeah. So he's, he's on the run and he's also still tweeting while he is on the run. Well, his account is, His account is still tweeting.


Yes. But he's still posting like there's been videos and stuff. At some point Antonio Brown is going to give away its location, right? Yeah. It was Dubai. It was Dubai. Dubai, okay. Yeah. Like when, who was it? Was it Andrew Tate that gave away his location by like posting a selfie video of him? I think It was like a pizza box or Something. And there's a pizza box in the background that's like, it's only Antonio Brown's gonna do that exact same thing. He's gonna make it easier. He's gonna make it way easier. He's Gonna just post, he's gonna post himself up at like a very well-known place. Yeah. In front of the Eiffel Tower. He's In Times Square. Yeah. So yeah. Antonio Brown hot seat. And then my cool throne is my fear of heights. Chill throne. Chill throne is my fear of heights.


Because on the plane ride here, shout out to the pilot that we had today. He let me sit up front. I was basically like a 5-year-old that he let into the cockpit and he was like showing me all the stuff that he was doing. And he was like, okay, well I'm gonna turn the radio on. And they're, you're gonna let get to hear all the navigation info and look, look over there. That's where the airstrip is. And he talked me into taking flying lessons. Hell yes. I think I'm gonna take flying lessons from the sky. Nice. And this guy Marty, I think I'm gonna finally do it and get behind the stick of plane. Please don't die. Well, no, I said flying lessons, not crashing lessons. Well just, I'm just saying please don't die. I'm gonna try not to die. Alright. I'm gonna try my best. I, that's all I was looking for.


I'm getting a lot of blank stares in this room for people that are like, oh, PF D's not gonna do this. No, no, no. My, what did I just say? I think you're gonna do it. I'm saying please do not die. I think you're gonna get a flying lessons. I think you're gonna get a pilot's license and then you're gonna buy a plane and then you might die. Correct. That's the concern. That's where I'm worried about the day. That's I'm never gonna buy a plane. That's Okay. But I already own several on my computer and I Don't want you to die. Yeah. This is me as a, like I I'm saying as afr, like people who just fly on their own. Yeah. Do die. No, but I was watching him and it was like, oh, make, I was asking the best questions to me. Like he kept turning around, you know, he would say to me, great question. Oh, nice. I'd be like, what's what's our landing speed? What's our stall speed?


Great question. At the altitude. Great question. I I could tell he was impressed. Yes. Max, what is The point of taking flying lessons if you don't intend to like use them? No, doesn't mean I'm not gonna fly a plane. It just means I'm not. Good question. Good Question. Great Question. Bad question. You would Learn how to fly and then you'd be like, you know, it'd be actually sick if I could just, instead of go, go to traffic to my lake house, I could just fly to The lake house and then you'd be like, oh yeah, you would die. I found this fucking plane on plane B and B. Yeah. Brand Something on Facebook market. Yeah. That is this all is that is a very thank Was the first one there plane. And then you guys all are are following along With where I went to. That is a very valid concern that Hank had of me working hard, getting a pilot's license and then cheaping out on a plane.


'cause I got a deal. So I'm like, this guy's practically giving it away. So Is is my initial inclination Not correct. Correct. When I said, please Don't die. That's exactly, that's where my brain went right away. It was just like, you're going to end up flying a small plane by yourself. Please don't die the El Camino, but in the air. But Dangerous. Oh my God. Yeah. Well, yeah. Hey, guess what? When you run outta gas, that's another good point. When you run Outta gas with your plane, that's not good. That's another good point by Max, which is, if the El Camino has any bearing on how I evaluate motors, I'm not gonna buy a plane. I have no intention. I I will. I'm just considering taking, you and chef Down here are never allowed to buy a plane. Why I You both would crash.


Yes. I just think that He will try and convince to Buy a plane on this podcast. We should be nurturing each other's interests and hobbies. He'll crash. And this is an opportunity I have to, to do something incredible. And I think I'm gonna take flying lessons. Okay. All right. Can I say it one more time? Please Don't die. All right. Hank you should laugh. You can't fucking get 10 feet off the ground. Well, 10 feet off the ground would be way more than Dunking. All right. That was my chill on. I can't talk chill. Throne is flying baby. Take him to the skies. Alright. My hot seat is our good friend Joe Burrow. Because we didn't talk about this on Sunday, but the baseball throw, what happened there?


We have to defend Joe. We love Joe. What happened? It's son, Sue. Have you read The Art of War? Big Cat. Okay. Yeah. Make Your, make your enemies believe you're, you're weak when you are in fact strong That you can't throw a baseball. Yeah. Well he is so focused on throwing a football. That's all they know's. True. Like it was a, it was a football motion. Alright. I have my like he doesn't have the, like I don't, I don't, he might not have played baseball. I have my, so he just only knows how to throw overhand like a football. My my spin zone is I Can't throw a football 'cause I can only throw a Baseball. Yeah. My spin zone is that Michael Rubin just paid off every single person that had anything to do with Fanatics Fest and like, like checked off like, alright, Brady, you're gonna, or Manning, you're gonna fake tackle Brady. Kevin Durant, we're gonna get you traded Joe Burrow.


You're gonna throw a a baseball poorly. I actually think that he probably bought viral moments. I don't Disagree with that. Yeah. So that's what I'm going with. So I think Joe Burrow, Libby Dunn broke the World cup. Yep. The guy spilled the soda next to Libby Dunn. Yep. I think Joe Burrow incredible entrepreneur. Capitalist. You made a lot of money to throw a baseball like that. That's my take. I I actually don't think that you're wrong. Yeah. I think that if you look at everything that came outta that weekend, there was a lot of plans. There was a lot of planned viral moments that like, they probably were like, they actually probably, there's probably a contract somewhere that's like, it's titled Joe Burrow throws a baseball poorly and here's the offer sheet.


How much money do you think it would take for if you were Joe Burrow? I'm not saying you're you, I'm saying you're an NFL quarterback. How much money would it take for you to put that tape out there? I think just a couple. You start at a million. I was gonna say a couple million. 'cause Joe Burrow doesn't seem phased by what other people think of that. Yeah. Yeah. I think a couple million that should get it done. Like one baseball pitch for seven for 1 million, like Yeah, Yeah, yeah. If you're going into a contract year, price goes up. Yep. Agreed. Also, hot seat. Have you guys seen these Italian DJs on online? On, on? Have you seen them? Are those guys real? Yeah. What is that? Is are they industry plants? They're everywhere right Now. Probably. I Mean Okay.


Have you seen them? PPT I've not, I've not seen them. But are those, are those the guys that use like people's heads? No. To they're, they're basically, it's like they wear like eighties clothes and they're usually like Synth pop. It's these guys, they're basically, they're usually in like a bathroom or like a kitchen. Okay. And they're doing like eighties techno music. I is that what an industry plant is? I wish I knew what industry plants were before. Someone was like, Hey, that's an industry plant. I wish I could see it myself. Like the bobby, she was industry plant. Right? I don't think she was either. I think, I think people throw that around when people get popular.


I think these guys just got a unique vibe. All right. I like, and they're, and they're popping off. I also had a moment where I was like, are they ai that bummed me out. Yeah. That's, I was like, that's problem in fucking bum is a problem. Yeah. No, yeah. God, because They have good beats. I've Done more research than that guy that I thought might have been ai. I, I think he's actually ai. Oh, the singer songwriter that I was like, this dude's next up. Yeah. So that's kind of what this is. Like, this could easily be ai. Yeah. Fuck. Alright. My chill drone is a quick embrace. The debate that I saw online today. Do you guys, when you guys go to the bathroom, do you piss with your balls out or in I just thought it was a really funny balls in Embrace debate Balls in You separate.


Yeah. It's a job. I think I pisses my balls out. No, it's a need to know basis. My balls don't need to know that I'm pissing completely Dependent on pants. That's a good point. Like jeans, I'll probably go balls in if I'm wearing sweatpants. It's definitely balls out. Oh yeah. If you go sweatpants, you gotta, you gotta pull down right. To get everything over the top Right. No, but even some, some, like, you know, like the pants I I'm on now, I'd probably just go Balls out. Balls Out. Yeah. Yeah. Just flop 'em over. Yeah. I think I go balls. Yeah. So when I piss, I'm like, I'm, I'm Pretty, I'm pretty sure I'm balls out. Except for when it's a zipper. Then even if you put your balls through a zipper, That's crazy. You're crazy. You're crazy. Yeah. That's, that feels like little tiny razor blades.


But yeah, if you're, if you're pissing, that's the penis job. Also, if I'm drunk enough on, if you're having sex, then that's balls out the balls need to be out. You don't, nobody just goes penis. You go all The way down to your, to your, like, It's like you go like down or fucking, yeah. Not to my ankles, but like, yeah, just fucking, I don't care. Are you balls out or balls in? It's dependent on the pants. Like if it's, if we're doing like elastic waistband, more athletic fans probably balls out if we're doing jeans ball, probably balls in You guys. You guys ever pissed to the side? What mean? Elaborate. Like, like down down the leg of the shorts if you're wearing shorts. SI don't have that kind yet. You take, well you take a knee for it. What now what are we talking About? Like, if you're play like Oh, on a, on a field.


Yeah. On a field. Like when I, yeah, I've done that on a beach before. Yeah. When I used to play rugby. It's like during the game you go off to the corner of the field. Yeah. Yeah. You just pull your little pecker through the side and then you piss and then hopefully somebody gets tackled right there. And you all share a good laugh. I took a piss today on the golf course behind a tree. And I like, you know when you just pick the, the wrong tree? I started pissing and then I looked to my left and there was like five different angles of people being able to look at me. Yeah. I was Like, well that didn't do anything. I saw memes pissing outside today on the course, just in somebody's front yard. Memes was just standing and he pulls his pants below his ass, balls out below his ass just pissing in somebody's front yard. This poor family Balls out.


Zach, finish this off. Hot seat. Chill wrong. Also, congrats to Zach. He didn't die today on the plane playing. Right. Went well. Yeah. Everybody survived the pilot, or someone's telling me the pilot had several decades of experience with commercial airline. So that, that was, that was super reassuring. I was like, oh, this guy's got skin in the game. Like he's, he's legit a professional guy. He wants to get back to the family And you got a free kiss from Jerry anytime you want. I do have one of those banged for a bad day. He, He banked a, a kiss from Jerry because I told Zach, I was like, Hey, if we're going down, do you like, are you worried that maybe you'll think in your head, man, I'm about to die. And I never kissed a boy. And I was like, what boy would you kiss? And Jerry was like, I'll do it. And that he said that offer stands, He said permanently stands. So I'll keep that card back. Pocket. Nice.


Never know. Huge. Okay. What do you Got? So I do have a, a hot seat. You guys are familiar with like the, or originally when the AI video started coming out, it was like wonky eyes. Wonky hands. You could tell, right? Yeah. Yeah. And then last couple, last couple months you guys saw the videos where the Quas are vlogging and the Yetis are vlogging through the city and everything. Yep. Now have you seen the, the AI test videos to where it's like, okay, they'll give you five scenarios, five people or five news reporters and then you have to pick like, is this ai b before and after the video? Yeah. Like go through like five of them. Yeah. My, my hot seat is pretty much everybody on earth. We probably need to come together and realize that we can't tell anymore. No. There's like, and I thought this would be like a decade, 15, 20 years from now. I think it's in the next six months where it's here, it's absolutely finished and there's no need to, like, there's no need in getting on the internet.


'cause you have no clue what you're looking at yet. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. Agree Very, very soon. Exactly. Exactly. Agreed. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent the cat, the cats high diving. Yes. That the kittens high diving. No, that was real. Wait, did you fail the test? You Right. I felt like I I felt several of them on there. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's insanely difficult sometimes. Yeah. So extremely. It's, it's pretty scary. Zach. It would you, would you be interested in an app that goes on your phone that flags every ai created video as being AI before it plays? Yes. If that, if that's already a This is what I'm working on right Now. Yeah. That's huge. Yeah, that's Not, yeah, it's called KO ai and I'm working on It. Lemme get a bait on that. Do it. I think, I think that would be a good app to have.


But it, yeah, it's for the last, I'd say four months. It's just scary. Now we're just, I I'm just terrified online all the time. I thought we had tons of time months from now. Maybe, maybe like the way younger people's problem, you know what I mean? Like the smaller kids now. No, we're all absolutely fucked. Yeah, absolutely. And I know I might be late to that, but here recently I'm like, all right, internet Internet's finished. No, It's been going on for a while. They've been good for a long time. I saw people get you to confuse which day it is. Sometimes it's Tuesday, sometimes Friday. Yeah. I saw this trend. It's happening on TikTok right now. It's as MR, it's visual ai, A SMR. So it's people cutting into like jello and fruits and shit. But it's all ai and it's supposed to make you feel good while you're watching it.


But the entire thing is ai. It's just, you're, you're now officially a zombie. If you watch those videos and you just stare at it and feel good, you're half a per, you're, you're not even a person anymore at that point. There's like AI influencers on Instagram with like hundreds of thousands of followers and they're comment sections are just a bunch of horny dudes who have no clue that it's not a real woman. I actually think that's not the worst thing in the World. I saw one of those girls the other day. I think you get a, is she hot? You get a bunch of weirdos really hot like moth to a flame around an AI chick that's at least you're not harassing a real girl. It was obviously fake or no, No. I had to really Double take, dive Deep and figure out, I was like, I'm pretty sure this girl's fake. I'm pretty sure I followed AI on Instagram, but guess what?


She's so hot. Doesn't really bother me every time I see him, like while those huge cans, They really figured out, they look so real. They figured out the nipples way before they figured out the thumbs. Yeah. All your chill thrown. I do have, have a chill run. This might be piggybacking a little bit off of what you guys talked about earlier in the episode. We also saw the, the Friday Thing that Hank did. We're cut that. That's not Friday's coming up in, in most in, in a lot of days. But it is Australia. Australia in a China lot of days. It's Friday in China. No, it's not even close. It Can't be. I don't even think with the furthest time change. Yeah, but it could, it could be relatively close. Well, when They're, listen now, Zach, you were right. It's No still no. How, how many, how far ahead do you think?


Yeah, like two Days or something. Do you think there's a place on earth that's two days ahead, two Days? Do you know 18 Hours? How many time zones do you think there are? There's Eight time zones. 12 Happened this morning. They're not 12. They're not eight. Think about, think about what a day is. There's 24 times zones. It's Friday. You wanna know a crazy fact. China only has one time zone. That's crazy. Yeah, so it's Arizona, it's pretty, but China's China should have like six or Seven now that means, but you, you just mean they don't change their, their clocks.


Yeah. You know what's, what's crazy though is like, why don't we just have one time where it's the same time everywhere on earth. Yeah. I Mean, but just if you're, if if you say it's like 12 noon in, in England, in London or wherever Greenwich meantime is then 12 noon in England is sunny and then 12 noon in like Alaska is nighttime. What Do we do about the nine to five? What about what do we do for, I guess it still would be five o'clock somewhere. That's, that's actually a good point. Yeah. Yeah. It's not five o'clock somewhere. Yeah, if we only have one time zone. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well no, it would be, oh yeah.


One time zone. Yeah. Yeah. It, It literally only be five o'clock in one Place, one place at the whole earth. There should be a, a country where it's always five o'clock. Yeah. Okay. Your chill turn. Oh, gotcha. I would like to say honor mention chill turn. I think it is pretty chill to already be on Friday, so that is huge. But I just to piggyback off what you guys were talking about a little earlier. I know that OKC had the parade is huge. S g's running through the streets with the trophy, which I thought was kind of a wild move on the concrete. You know, everybody's having a great time. They're on the buses, they're popping the bottles of champagne. But Alex, Alex Caruso with the Lakers ring as the chain. Oh yeah. With the Mount Rushmore tea. Yeah. And the big bottles of 42. He's having a splendid day. The bubble ring allegations are gone forever.


No. What? No, I think they got harder. No, You don't think so? No. He's, his ring is just a, a piece of like, it's a necklace. It's, it's not even real anymore. So I guess you could maybe say, okay, maybe the allegations of that championship aren't gone, but he has another one to say, Hey, why also have this one? Yeah. Is that fair to say? Yeah. I mean, now he's treating his own one. Like it's no better than a shark's tooth. I, I'll say this, I'll say this. I think he went from zero rings to one and a half rings. I don't know if that makes sense. You know, in he does in my head in a way. Because it validates the first Rings for a half. Yeah. Yeah. How many has, how many has LeBron won since the bubble? Zero. Interesting. Fair. You big LeBron guy.


I think LeBron's great at basketball for sure. Okay, Cool. Sounds like you're a big LeBron guy. LeBron's a good athlete. Okay. Carmelo though, over LeBron? Yeah. A hundred percent Amari Meyer. Shout One guy to go. Amari. Smy. LeBron James. In what capacity? One guy. One guy To go basketball. Yeah. What can we rotate with someone else? This is an Hard question. What? Alright. No, it's last question. Then we're gonna go to Mount Rushmore and then we have our two interviews. Melo versus LeBron. 2 11, 1 on one. Melo. What I thought. Alright, we're gonna do Mount Rushmore of M things and then we have Ryan SLO and then Isaiah Hartenstein.


And we'll finish up with FAQs. Okay. Before we get to Mount Rushmore Mountain Dew, guess what? It's summer. It's Mount Rushmore season. It's summer season. It's drinking Mountain Dew and warm weather season. There is nothing better than an ice cold Mountain Dew when the weather gets warm. Start of the golf season out at the beach barbecue in your backyard. Mountain Dew is the perfect thing to go with all of those. It is delicious. They have the throwback cans, which we absolutely love. Nothing goes better with Mount Rushmore, with golf, with barbecues and hanging with your friends. And refreshing citrusy kick of Mountain Dew.


Look at these cans. They're absolutely gorgeous. It's nostalgia in a can. Love that. They brought these back Mountain Dew, absolutely delicious. And basically the perfect drink for a hot summer day. It is Mountain Dew, so go grab the Mountain Dew new cans, old cans, but new cans. And grab a dew in this warm weather. Summer season is back. Grab a dew in the new packaging and enjoy the refreshing citrus kick of Mountain Dew. We're also gonna be at Barstow Camp later this year. Mountain Dew is gonna be with us. We're so excited for it. It's summer, it's camp season. It's, it's basically the best time of year to be outside and drink a Mountain Dew.


So go grab a Mountain Dew, grab a dew in the new packaging and enjoy the refreshing citrus kick. Okay. It is time. It is Mount Rushmore season. We are here. Best time of the year. Best time of the year. A reminder, it is PFT and Hank Max and memes and me and Zach. And we will post. Do we want to talk about posting the polls? Because it feels like every single year we have an issue with that. What time are we posting them? They're gonna be blind. We're gonna go off the votes. We're not allowed to interact with the polls correct whatsoever. Not, not even a retweet. We're not, we've done retweet in the past. I don't care. I don't think we are. Okay. I mean, we can, whatever rules we make, ret ree it.


We can retweet. Yeah. Do you want as many people voting as possible? Nice. No retweets. Yeah. No retweets, no interaction. Do you understand that? I think, Hey Hank's, right? I think what we're seeing from Hank is actually just Growth Max. I mean, you guys good eye? Yeah. Good eye max. Alright, so we'll post some on the, Pardon My Take Twitter every day. What time do we know me? We do noon. 11 or 11 central. 11 central. So that people have time to, to listen to the show. Hour Long vote. Is it usually? Yeah. Or two hours? Two hours. Two hours. Okay. Two hours. And then this year we've decided we're going to do something for the punishment where there's gonna be four punishments.


One is going to be what we knew. We know one in four, we don't know. Two in three. We gotta figure that out. Which we can, anyone who has ideas throw 'em out there. So we decided one, the one punish, there'll be four punishments that we'll choose from. We're gonna use the lottery ball machine at the end of Mount Rushmore season. So the losing team will have a equal chance to get one of the four punishments. One of the punishments will be those two guys have to drive to Mount Rushmore and back no stopping or sleeping over. And basically live stream the whole thing. Take a picture of Mount Rushmore of them in front of Mount Rushmore and then drive right back. And then the fourth punishment will be the first and second place team will have to buy a vacation for the losing team.


So there's one really bad one. Really good. And then two and three. We gotta figure out, they gotta be kind of medium punishments that can be interactive for the fans. And then to decide which punishment we get. We're gonna use the lotto system, right? Yep. Kinda like the lottery ball machine. There's gonna be a lottery ball machine. It's gonna be weighted like the NBA draft. Yep. So it's a higher percentage that you get punishments two and three than the punishment. That's really just a vacation. We, there'll be the same that you get two or the vacation or three or the vacation. It'll be 25% Each. Oh, it's gonna be 25% for each of em. Oh, we can change it. Okay. Yeah, we can change that. It it, because I thought it was gonna be equal. Equal. There's four Punishments. Wasn't Point doing Mount Rushmore Well, because you could have a really bad one or a really good one.


But if you're come in dead last, You're get, you're having to do the lottery ball no matter what For 25. For, for no advantage. No, it's just you're, you're getting selected something. So you have a one in four chance of going on vacation. You have a three in four chance of being punished. I think it should be weighted a little bit. So If it's not weighted then I don't Yeah. What's the point of Yeah. Well it's weighted in the fact that three outta four are not good. But there's no incentive to do well in Mount Rushmore season. Well, yeah, you don't want lose and go into the lottery. I think it should be like 10% chance you get the vacation. That's fine. But I, I agree with that too. That that's fine. The vacation should, should be. That's fine. But you, you understand what I'm saying? Even if, if you lose, you have to do the lottery ball and three outta four suck. Yeah.


So there is an incentive to not lose. There is, But 25%. Are You just saying you're guaranteed to get the vacation? I think Nevermind, nevermind what? I just Yeah, I I thought everyone was doing it. Oh, no, no. I thought was a losing team. I thought just a losing team. Three teams were losing No, no. We did throw around a different, a bunch of different ideas. No, it's just the losing team is going to the lottery ball and Yeah. We can make the vacation 10% and the other one's 30%. Yeah, I like that. Yeah, I like that. Okay. Okay. So we're gonna start Mount Rushmore season. And by the way, if you have a good Mount Rushmore, if you have an idea for a good Mount Rushmore, please tweet us. Send us an email. We'll do, we have a lot of topics we need to get through. We have a lot of Mount Rushmore, which we'd love to do.


But we're gonna start with something that's very open-ended to give us a, a way to get into the flow. It's a Mount Rushmore of things that start with MMM as in mo. As in mo. Yeah. Breaking moves. How do we do a draft order? I think we go ladder ball. We go, one team gets one through 25 0 through 25. One team gets 26 through 51 team gets 51 through 75, the other team gets 76 through a hundred. And then whoever gets picked, there's Only three teams. Yeah, that's right. Okay. 33. I Was like, where are you going with this? 33. We split the lotto ball up into, into three teams.


And then whoever gets that ball first pick clockwise from there. Yeah. Okay. So Zero to 33. 33 to 66 Is zero in there. I thought about that stuff beforehand. One to 33. Yeah. 34. 34 to 66. Yeah. 67. Seven to a Hundred. 200. Okay. Alright. So who gets what Three? I don't want, we don't, we don't want it. We'll take the middles. I don't care. Yeah, We'll take the, yeah, we'll take the end. So we have Zach, we have 34 to 66. I get three. This counts. Agreed. I can't do math. I feel like that's, we have less numbers. What do you have? I think 34 to 66.


I feel like 67 to a hundred has more numbers. But I, that's just, that's just a vibe thing. No, I think that counts. I think, I think that's true. Yeah, I think that's true. I think you have one more Number. It's 33.3%. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like Whatever. So you have to 99. Okay, fine. And then, yeah. Deal. A hundred means a hundred. We end the show forever. Okay. Deal. Deal. A hundred means this is the last part of my Take. Literally the mic will cut out and that'll be it. We'll never do another episode. At least we won't do Mount Rushmore ever. Zach will just give us his Mount Rushmore. I hope I'm not rooting for a hundred. I hope it's three. Three counts for Hank.


55. So you get five. So you guys first, What do we get to decide if we wanna go first? Sure. Or no, we can give it. I think you guys just get to pick the Order. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm. By the way, Hank and I in lockstep. Oh, I love that. We got such a, you guys have Said that so many times. Totally. We Got such a good thing going right now we do. Zach, do you want to, should we go first? You wanna go first? If you Feel good about going first. I'm down to go first. Yeah. I feel good about going first. Let's ride. Fuck it. We'll go first and then who's going second? You choose. Oh, alright. Well it's kind of, yeah, because the, they're sitting across from each other.


We're sitting across from each other. Max and memes can go second. Yes. Love that. You guys go Third. Hank and iron lockstep. And We're gonna change every day. It just keeps changing. So does first go to second after the next show? I can't remember. Yeah. Yes. I can't remember it all. No second goes to first. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Second goes to first. Second. Go to first. Second Goes first. Listen, we're a little rusty. We're a little rusty. Okay. Not us. Yeah, we're in lockstep. You Guys keep saying you're in lockstep. Like, would you like, would you like to make it first pick of Mt Rushmore season?


I think we go with our one one. Zach, you do the honors. You think we got one one here? I think we got one. One three. First pick. We would like to elect music. We're taking all of music. It's a good pick. All of music had that. Music is very important in life. Good pick love music. Zach and I, we both said music when we had our, our meeting. Little twinkle in our eye. We like this. This might work out the two of us. Zach, what's your favorite music? Favorite music? I like rap music, country music and pop music. Favorite would have to be depending on the day heavy. Today I always do more rap than country music today. Okay. Okay. Okay. So it's day to day. Yes. With change, with the mood.


But I would like to say music predates language. Music is in everyone's hearts and souls and music is a great one. One Wow. Way to goes. Zach speech. That felt good. I can't compete with that. It's in everyone's hearts and soul. Thank God. That's was tough. That was tough there. There you go, Zach. Great. I told Zach, I was like, hey, how this works is like, we're gonna make our pick. We gotta give a little bit of a like Smet. Yeah. I didn't think he had that in All. What about deaf people? Zach? What about all our deaf listeners out there? They can actually feel the, like, vibrations. They sit down and, and like changes for them and shit. What else? They can feel the beat. Yeah. Feel the base. Okay. Good pick. You guys have the second pick? No, We have the second pick. Yes. We are going to go money with our Second Pick. Alright. Materialistic. But that's fine.


Yep. Money is the root of all Evil money. Everything. Yeah. Yeah. You guys hate money. I'm just, why don't you guys just get rid of all your money over there. Listen, if you guys don't, if you are money, we will take, we will take the money. We Are tr PFTI. You guys Don't like it. PFTI. Literally trying to one golf vacation at a time for Hank. That's true. That's a fact. That's true. We, we signed the billionaire's pledge. Yep. If I ever become a billionaire, I I will sign that pledge. That's my pledge. No, we had money on our list. Good. Yeah. But ours is pretty far down. There's so many more important things in life than money. So many go for it. And it's sad that some people haven't figured that out yet. Okay. One day. One. One. We are going to go with moms. Okays. Mothers most important thing in the world. Yeah.


Shout out moms. None Of us would be here without our mom. Shout out to my mom. Love you. Nice. Pick. Shout out mom. Love you mom. Good pick. And our second pick, we're gonna go with March Madness. Fuck. Good. Pick March Madness. Mom's in March Madness. Yeah. Hank, I love our picks. Same. Okay. Yeah. I had March Madness High. Doesn't seem like you liked that. No, I did. I absolutely had it. Some people are asking is Big Cat even like March Madness? I would, I would take music before Bar Madness, but I had madness Up there. Okay. Yeah. In terms, not me. Mount Rushmore. Yeah. It's my favorite week of the year. Oh yeah. Says that you're really tuned in. You're really, you're really fucking watching. Every second we like, so like we took it with our second pick. Yeah. Alright. You guys are up. Me? Me? You got this one.


What Is he gonna take meatballs? I thought in our pre-meeting I said that I was like, he's gonna take me Paul. So we're gonna go with movies. Oh, movies. We there. Have that. All movies. We had That there. Every movie. Okay. Okay. Zach, that was our second pick. Overall. Zach, what are we thinking here? I think, I think I like to go. I'd like to go seven. I'd like to go seven. Seven seven's a great pick. Yeah. And then I, I think we, I think we hit 'em with the Okie-doke. And, and maybe go with our four, Two hitters. Yeah. You wanna say 'em After you sir?


Alright, I'll, I'll, I'll start. We're going to, our next pick is going to be meat. All meat. Good. Pick Meat. Meat. We had meat. Yep. Steak, chicken, pork. Whatever you want meat? You need meat. Zack, go ahead. Caveman fact, we, we don't have a cave. Min fact fact. Yeah. Yeah. All the meat though. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. And then we'd also like to take MILFs. Yeah. On The, we're gonna take MILFs pick. Yeah. We take moms. But that's fine. Yeah. But we're, we specifically would like MILFs, like Hot moms. We Okay. We had MILFs on our board. I thought I, we didn't want to go there after moms was picked. But that's fine. Yeah. Well, I mean it's, No, that's fine. That's fine. Fines. Moms in the name MILFs. I understand. But it's, well, it could be. Man. I love football. Which is it?


It's not, it's they said Moms. You just said mother. You just said it's Moms. Yeah. You're excluding mom. Like fuck. Including All the fictitious milks as well. Yes. Great points. Zach. Including all The fictitious milks. Mills can't be on, can't be on there with mom. We Just mad because you didn't take it to Get every fictitious mom. It Was, we didn't take it because they said moms, But it's mothers. I'd like to fuck. What's the first word? It's different. What's the first word? It's totally d the First word said. Moms' sappy. You took mothers. You Guys are really gonna take this away right away. I think that's, I think you can't have moms. What if we took A genre of music like rock music? Yeah. Okay. Well that starts with the r. That's a good point. I mean, that's so bunked right There.


Listen, listen. This room Slapped. This Room has just gotten blocked. Chaotic without a President. Alright. You know what p we'll pick Something else. Where's pug? We'll pick something else. I after that, after Max. It is a little cry, baby. Shit. Okay. Back to the drawing board. That was bullshit. I would've, I would've said that. It's Okay. I appreciate that. PFTI think you realize there's a difference between moms and MILFs. What's, what? Can you explain to me a milf? Yeah. Yeah. What's the first word? The first word. One. I'd like to fuck. Yeah. That's what I thought. Yeah. Yeah. One I'd like to fuck. Yep. Oh, so, so if moms and milks are the same, you have a milf. What? What? Your your, your mom is a mil. This is, well, you just fucking said it. The same thing. It is a genre of mom. Totally different. It is a genre of Mom.


Not, not every, not every milf out there is technically a mom. Every milk is a mom. That's not true. Not every, yes. The fictitious MILFs are not always moms. They're fictitious moms. They're, but they're not always ASTs. They're fictitious. Hank, I'd like to have you put this on the bonk list for Big Cat. That's Fine. We had Memes on our team. You don't think that we wanted to take MILFs? You should have taken MILFs Memes is an under undercover horny guy. This is Way too early for this to be this contentious. I would like to say That. Well, don't take a pick that somebody else already took. The Oxford's language dictionary defines MILF as a sexually attractive woman who has children or is early middle age. No. Interesting. That's just by definition. That is by definition. That's there's a lot of MILFs there that are not technically moms.


I Your argument falls apart there. Because every, because every MILF is a mother. No, but there's no The name of, And we all want Definition fucking porn. A lot of those are actresses. Yeah. Okay. So they're, they're they're MILFs. They're fictitious moms. They're MILFs and they're, Zach could pick. Do you, which are you saying? So officially you say that you don't want this pick. I mean, it already got taken off. Yeah, I know. But you, I said I Would have stand for something. I said that I would have stand for Something. Yeah. I would've allowed it. So Max is the one that everybody, Max is a bad guy. Not me. Yep. Fine. I'm happy to be it. Alright. Zach, what do we do now? For the record? That was an awesome pick. It was a great pick. And Max was just mad because he didn't pick it and I would've fought for him. It was, it was like our first pick.


And then I got nervous. To be fair, max got nervous so it shouldn't Go. He got nervous. Okay. Alright. So Meet meat is in, is that, you got a problem with that? No problem. Yeah. Meet meat clears. Okay. Meet meat please. Okay. Okay. Meat, please. Zach. I don't know what to do now. They fucked us. Do we could go? Mm. You guys Just, we could go 10 Or no's duplicate. Zach let's you to take meatballs right now. We Just get back into the argument. Yeah. Meat and meatballs. Alright. Mm.


We are going to go with milkshakes. Good. Pick milk. Milkshakes. Cream team. Yeah. That feels good. Strong pick. Yeah. Okay. We're gonna go with Michael Jordan. Okay. Good Pick. Good pick. Good pick. We, we had Michael Jordan on the list. We had him On our list too. Right. So we get two. We Get two. Hank, we can do this. I love where we're at. I'm going to, I'm gonna do the last one. Mm. Whatever you wanna do. And then what else do we want on there? We'll do that one last, we'll do that one. The last one last. Good call. We're gonna go with mouth stuff.


Mm. So by mouth Stuff. This is, this is a PFD. Pick mouth stuff. I love it. This is a PFD pick. It's A good pick. That's a good pick. You. You don't like mouth Stuff, are you? No. Mouth stuff's great. Mouth stuff. Are you counting? You sucking dick too? Getting well. Getting it. Yeah. Well, I mean it's What about mouth stuff? Giving It too. Giving it too. Giving It, giving it mouth stuff. Yeah. Oh no. That's a good pick given. Taking mouth stuff. You taking root canals. Oh good Boy my boy. It's a great point. Eating root canals suck. Eating counts as mouth stuff. Yeah. Getting fish hooked. Mouth. Getting Fish hooks, Kissing. Yep. Mouth stuff. And then our last pick Mr. Brightside coming on after 10 beers.


Okay. That Sounds like, that sounds like music to me. Oh, that sounds like, But that's a bad pick, so I'm gonna allow it. No, It sounds like I don't, its a bad pick. But how is that any different to No, it is. It's the same. It's the same exact, it's Same argument you guys just made against us with Mils. But I wanted it. Well, no, but I want, you want him to take that picture. It's terrible. Of course he can Keep the Pick. There's A difference. He's right though. It is. No, he's the pick stands. But it's, It's, well, hey, I just wanted to show the hypocrisy in this room. Well, we Can's a bad thing. He can't allow that and not, I don't know. I'm fine with the pick, but Yeah. No. Of the picks in. Take the, yeah. Picks in that. Alright. You're arguing against your own pick, Hank. I'm not. No, I'm not. I'm more just like, you can't be the decider on what goes and based off It's a good pick or not.


That is hypocrisy. I know. I just take, take it off. Take it off. No, take it off. I, I Want it. You wanna take it off? Yeah. Take, let's take it off. It's the same thing as Do you not See how it's the exact same as the same Debate? No, it's, no. Here's why it's different. Because milf No, it's not the same thing. It's 'cause MILF has the word mother in. Okay. And Mr. Bryce said is a, It's a song. Oh yes. It's music. It's music. We took music. So if Somebody takes music, you can't take Correct. Anything that makes a musical sound you Can't take. Correct. We took music. I, I disagree. You, you guys took mothers. I couldn't take Mils music couldn't take The, and MILF stands for mother. Literally. But it's a song. It's music. It's the same.


This is a reach. That's a that is it. Literally big, the exact same argument. No, it's literally not. That's not the same thing at all. And Mils don't have to have Kids. Yes. Thank you Zach. Sorry. We still have a great list. You guys can keep the I have no problem with it. 'cause Max, we Should we keep it on? I I mean keep it on. I Don't want an asterisk because No, There's no, there's zero asterisk. We got Zero as we got a winning board right Now there's zero asterisk. So I'm gonna take it off. 'cause I don't want the asterisk. Okay. You guys fought it. You win. No, I, I didn't. I was just saying it's very funny because it's basically the same thing. You win. This Feels good. I just wanna say this feels Good. No, you guys fought it. Chop. Just So I'll, we will switch it up. We'll go Mexican food.


Okay. It's a good one. Good Pick. Yeah. Good pick. Deep pour. Never a dough. Yeah. Lock step. We're gonna take McDonald's. Hmm? We had it on there. Good pick. Good Pick a lot of meat and McDonald's. Mm, That's fair. There's also a lot of meat. Mexican Food. McDonald's. Also McDonald's. Sounds like mouth stuff. Yeah. Mm. I'm sucking it. Okay. Zach, we gotta make final pick.


You, You feel strongly about anything in the other category right now. The other category is tricky. The other category is tricky. We Got another Category. Yeah. We have, well we, we, we, we, we tiered it because we were all over the place in our discussion. I have some funny, funny ideas that Zach threw out there that I was just like, what are you talking about? I think 14 is what we just go with. Just cover it all. Let 14 rape. That's a great, Yeah. Yeah. Say it. It's solid. Yeah. We're gonna go with magic. Magic. We're go with magic. Just covers everything. Yeah. No. Zach, when he sat down, I think one of the first things he said to me was math. He's Like, math is the building blocks for everything Dude, you guys.


And I was like, I hate math. Yeah. You Would add two universal languages. Yeah. Maybe You rip our honorable Mentions. Do you want hear? Yeah. Here's, here's Zacks. And then we could go all honorable mentions. He, we, we thought about taking men. Same. But then we were like, we discuss, well what happens if, if like, you know, did they throw out Hitler and Jeffrey Epstein? So that's a, that becomes a, you know, all men. And then so, so at one point Zach told me, he's like, we should take mails. And then he also said we should take mail. Like, like the thing letter mail stuff you get. Yeah. I was like, okay. We use mail all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Text message, Email, physical mail letters.


Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Sweepstakes. Sweepstakes. Zach also wanted to, he threw out there Matt Damon and Ben Affleck as a duo. Okay. It's a great duo. Mild wings. That would've been bad. Pick. Bad pick. Pick. I told him, I was like, that's a bad good pick for him. I Like where your heart's at? Yeah. We were workshopping. Yeah. We were workshopping Michelin star restaurants. Okay. Not really for me. And then what was the other one? Oh you had Miss Universe, which wasn't a bad pick. Yeah. Jordan. Alright, so what do we got for honorable mentions? Hank, you wanna say ours? This one probably would've got contentious to the masters. Oh, why? Because it's Done. We didn't know. Oh, Somebody would've fought over that.


I would've not have fought over that. Max would've fought over that. Pick Masters. I would've let, I would've let that master is a very good pick. Yeah. Master's a good pick. That's really good. Pick me at PFT. This was where we're both in agreement on this, but it probably, there's, it's divisive in today's day and age. Mint chocolate chip ice cream. I like mint chocolate chip ice cream. Love mint chocolate chip Ice cream. I love it. Yep. Yep. Marriage. Yep. Mixed drinks. Yep. Millennium Falcon. Margaritas. Margaritas. No, that's a good one. Marijuana. Yep. Yep. Oh, good One. Missed marijuana. Well we had marijuana. Yeah. Beans. He Wrote Massachusetts. Yeah. Massachusetts. I Was just trying to guess my boy. Hank. That's A good pick. Did anyone think about masturbation? Because we, we tossed around And We did not have that.


Jack and I did it a little to each other and then we were like, nah, this isn't for us. Cranking off. Yeah. Mini golf. Eh, How'd you forget that Hank? It's not. Wow. Don't really Mini golf For. Not really. Okay. Okay. Do You think making out would've been better than mouse stuff? No. No. Yes. Yeah. Probably no amount of stuff is a great Pick. Middle linebackers kind of, kind of a Throwback. You also get Will Compton. So. Yeah. Oh, Zach had a great one. Zach, throw yours out there. Number 13 on our list. You thought of this one. Oh, a microwave. Yeah. Microwave needed for everything. That's a good one. Migrate All time. Yeah. We had motorcycles.


He got into his own head though. He was like, but then they could say Air fryer's better. I was like That's a good point. You're thinking two moves ahead. He's he is. He's got some chess chest moves Going. We had mac and cheese. Yep. Mashed potatoes. Yep. Mr. Brightside coming on after 10 beers. Yep. Moham Muhammad Ali. Yep. Good pick. Messy. Messy. Yeah. Messi is a good pick. Yep. Yeah. I missed that. Marna had, we had Miracle on Ice. Oh, that's a good one. Mobile phone. Michael Jackson's music. What do you guys think about military? Every military kind of cool. Isis badass. True. You, you also get isis. Yeah. Your Guys picks are like, based off what society needs to function.


Yeah. It's Very, it's very, we actually had very deep, we tossed around Machinery machine. Did, did Workshop Machine. We were thinking about just taking every machine ever. Mountain Dew, machinery, mountains. An Easy one. Shout out Mountain Dew. Love that Mids. You know, sometimes you don't want to get too high. Trying to just hang out with the boys. Yep. Now you speak my language. In action. Action. Good one. Fuck Hank. Put Moneyball Pick Moneyball. The, the, the, the book and movie that they did where they just forgot to tell everyone that they had like three of the best starters ever. Yep. Oops. We're just, we're like, this is how you build the team off of guys that are castoffs and they get a lot of walks. Oh yeah. Also you need incredible starting pitching also.


And Miguel Tejada. Yeah. We Have the league. MVP in Miguel Tejada. We have Tim Hudson, mark Mulder and Barry Zito. Yeah. But let's talk about Eulo. How he walks sometimes. Yeah. He's got a bad body but he walks. This Guy Walks Figured it out. Okay. Any other ones? What else we got MLB. MLB is a Mickey Mouse. Ones Mozzarella sticks. Mickey Mannel. Mickey Mantle. That's just a good Double M. Marilyn Monroe. Yeah. Miley Cyrus. Meatballs obviously. Meatballs. I I thought you were Say meatballs. I thought this whole draft was because, so you could take meatballs. I know I said it to memes. I just said do dot, dot meatballs, dot, dot dot. And then we just decided that there were, there's too many.


There M is a heavy hitter. It is. There's, there's some really, really good, good options out there. Mushrooms. Mushroom, mushroom. Like deic. Yeah. Yeah. Big miss. I like normal mushrooms. I, I like Yeah, those Too. Some saute. Mushrooms as well. Zach, did you have any others that were on the chopping? I've got a, I got call misdemeanors just like a little bit of trouble. I like that a lot. I like that too. That's great. I like too. That's actually a good pick that you can spin being like just a tiny bit of trouble. That's a crazy, yeah, it'll get expunged. Yeah. I've also got a, I've got Mia Benes invented the coffee filter. I don't dunno if you guys like caffeine but, or coffee.


But probably not. Inventors. Did you know that all rip? Did you throw out? I was researching when we were doing our powwow. Did you throw no bad ideas. Did you throw out Mia Khalifa at one point? I did. I did. Tell me and Khalifa, I, I went, I started Megan Fox and then I went Mila Es and then I went. I just, I was like a little hotter and then I went Me and Khalifa. Yeah. Yeah it got my list. Got a little horny but I cleaned it up. Cleaned it up. Alright. No, I also Horner the better. Yeah. For Mount Rushmore. Yeah, That's true. Horny does play on the graphic. Yeah. Yeah. The people like the horny. Okay, let's get to our interviews. You got Ryan Il and then NBA champ. Isaiah Hartenstein.


Before we get to il, he is brought to you by NASCAR. There's nothing like seeing NASCAR war through the streets of downtown Chicago race experience unlike any other. Catch the stars of NASCAR as they take on a one of a kind street course surrounded by skyscrapers and lakefront views. 40 drivers including Chase Elliott and Denny Hamlin battling it out on the most unique, unique track of the season. The energy is electric race day. Adrenaline meets festival vibes and the heart of the city. Don't miss Zach Brown band Live from the start finish line on Saturday night part of the Bush Light Summer music series. It's more than a race. It's Chicago's ultimate summer weekend. Grab your tickets now before they're gone. NASCAR takes over Chicago street racing skyline views music and more. Get your tickets now at NASCAR dot com for the ultimate summer weekend. Check it out. The NASCAR street race right here in Chicago.


Silla is also brought to you by our great friends over at Truly. And they're truly unruly lemonade. It combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's lemonade Let loose 8% A BV but a hundred percent delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors. They got the bump and blue RAs. That's my favorite. The OG original Lemonade. The punched up pineapple. The wild pink. It is the best to drink pre-game. Ready to go out with boys Crack open a truly unruly lemonade. I say again it's 8% A BV but it's a hundred percent delicious. The official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. And now here's Ryan Slo.


Okay we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. He's one of our best friends in the whole wide world. It is Ryan s we're gonna talk, talk some draft. We're gonna do a little NBA finals cleanup. R guy. That game seven was a bummer. Is it? Does it feel, let's start here. Does it feel like the thunder got a little bit robbed of their moment because of Halliburton's injury? Because I felt, I woke up on Monday morning, I was like, well that kind of sucked for the thunder. Like I, I know they don't care. But still the big conversation coming outta game seven was like, what if Halliburton doesn't get hurt? Yeah, that's all fair. But I really think this is when we're at our worst talking about this stuff like the next 24, 48 hours.


It happens at Super Bowl all the time. Now you're really good about it. PFT, we actually brought that up last night. Zach Lowe mentioned that. But it's just so hard to win a championship. It's so hard. And the way we treat some of these guys at the very top of the game without a championship. And some of it's on them and some of it's just circumstance. So whenever a team wins the I'm, I'm not really necessarily in a hurry to try to figure out all the ways that it's not as valuable as other championships. 'cause I was thinking about this the other day and this is already some real spiritual thought stuff, but we're not impressed by anything anymore. Yeah. And I was looking at some standup comedian was doing this whole bit about this game called Crossfire and they ran the whole ad and it was this game where like ball bearings, you're just shooting him at the other guy and if the these fidget spinners and if you had enough like went over to him, then it was like you won the game.


All right. And the thing probably broke. It probably sucked, probably went that great. But like, I just remember being a kid thinking, holy shit. Like my life is gonna suck if I don't have that now maybe that's marketing, maybe that's just being young and being super impressionable. But now I feel like we, we've seen so much stuff. Okay. There's so much stuff that happens just on any given day that we are really difficult to be impressed by anything. And it's actually, I kind of missed being impressed by things and now it's, I don't even know if that's real. Right. Is that really a dog scuba diving? Who knows? Oh, I saw that video. Yep. I saw that video and Immediately you were like fake. Yeah. Which I appreciate. 'cause like now I don't have to, you know, cross reference this whole thing.


So when a team wins a championship, I think it's really, really hard. I understand what you guys are saying 'cause it's like, all right, he goes down. The crazy thing is, I thought in the first half OOKC was more affected negatively than the Pacers were. 'cause it was almost like the thunders sleepwalking through the game expecting to win, expecting to win at home. Their best player is out. And it took 'em, I don't know, like another 45 minutes to an hour to wake up and then put together that great third quarter. So I I, my default position is usually like, let's remind ourselves how hard it is to do this and how much we beat up on the people and teams that never get here. Yeah. And I I I agree a hundred percent like the thunder incredible season wire to wire Shea had maybe the best season.


Like when you stack it all up, like one of the top 10 seasons if you wanna call it all time. They're so good. I was more, it was more like I was so geared up for a game seven that it wasn't taken away from the others. It's like man, I really wish that game had seen Tyrese Halliburton in the end. Let's do it real quick though. What, what impresses you in sports right now? Let's do the, the spin zone. Me, Savannah Bananas. How do they keep doing it? Who's their choreographer? Ola Abdul. No, our guy Cal Row impresses me. He was here. The fact that he's got 31 home runs a catcher that's like, I think if he gets 60 home runs it's gonna be like holy shit.


Huge ass. He's crazy. Big ass. Yeah. Baseball player ass. Love Those ass. Doesn't skip leg day. No. Even like for a baseball player, it's, it's out there. Yeah. Okay. But I look your guy Sammy suer he is back in the good graces of the city of Chicago, perhaps long overdue. Right? I I was thinking about him 'cause it was like news, right? And they're welcoming back first time in 21 years when I first started ESPN we were cutting into his home runs still. Yeah. Right. And that was like a normal programming thing. And then I think wherever he was getting like close to 600, like somebody that was still kind of manning the decisions on the weekend department was like, Hey, we gotta make sure we go in live. And all the hosts were like, why? Like no one gives a shit anymore.


And especially like post all of the steroid stuff that baseball went through in the late nineties, early two thousands. Like no one cared. And yet you mentioned anybody now chasing 60 home runs and it's again, it went decades before we had seen it until the late nineties. So maybe it's a simple math thing with baseball, but I think generally like we're not impressed with much. You wanna know what I'm impressed with today? I'll tell you a story. Okay. I was ready to attack this week. I was so fired up, wanted to actually do this podcast from the boat. But the charts just told me it was probably not a great decision. And you know, safety's the first thing you're thinking about. Number one. Not women. Yeah, not women with a boat. So I went to the gym 'cause like right now is my Tuesday.


I got after this Monday so hard, so fucking hard to start the day. Prepped a bunch of stuff, Aaron's phone calls, adult stuff. And then Matt Liner was at the gym. I went really early. He's a dad so I'm sure he wanted to get outta the house. And he's got this buddy who's jacked and I was doing shoulders and then he put on 365 and was like, we're solo. You want in on this? And I had to say no 'cause I, I can't do it. And it was, it was like it's, I'm not used to that happening to me there. And he just alpha the fuck outta me. And then I watched him. 'cause you know, really I would come up with a clothing line that says focus on your own reps. But I had to sneak a peek like being in the urinal.


Yeah. I had to look and it was just filthy. That impressed me today. And I know what was real. That's huge. That's huge. I I'm impressed by you saying no safety first. Yeah. The old Ryan would've been like, fuck it. I'll put that up. You would've tried. Mm, no, I know, I know my limits. That's a little north of me. So, so what impresses you right now in the NBA things you actually like Sam Presti. Yeah. Incredible story. I mean the, the fact that he's been this good for this long and then finally gets his, his championship and what he's 47 years old. Like that's, he's got so much in front of him and he is got a shit load of picks. Yeah. Conquer Coile, shout out.


I love that he now officially in the way we like talk about players and coaches and stuff. It's like well if he was that good and everybody that knew about what this guy is doing and how he was just a step ahead of everybody, everybody knew he was probably the best guy doing it but now it's official like we get to say it And for me, like who finds some of this stuff stupid. I'm glad we can eliminate that stupid part of it because he's been incredible. And when you think about the draft, I mean the SGA thing works out beyond anybody's even belief in SGA. It's amazing how many times in life like you're faced with this really difficult challenge where Paul George wants out and it's like the best thing that can ever happen to the thunder because the Clippers are willing to do anything to guarantee that they're also getting Kauai.


Which you know, you revisit that one. No one had a problem with that at the time. And then you nail the Che and Jalen Williams pick in the same draft and then two within two years. Even though Chet was up and down in the finals, he's great defensively last night. Jalen Williams I still think will be a probably a more consistent offensive player. And then to build this all out it's like okay, what was the problem last year? All right, well let's get giddy outta here 'cause nobody wants to defend him in the playoffs. Let's bring in a spacing demon on defense in Caruso. He hires diagonal, he's got the Spurs background stuff. He is, he is a special, special person as far as it comes to building a roster. And I'm just glad he can now officially get a ring where imagine if you told Thunder fans like in 2012 with that group that lost in five games in Miami heat with Durant, with surge, with Harden, with Westbrook.


And you're like actually this is the best it's ever gonna get. Yeah, I like that. So it's good to have something that we're actually positive about. What if we did the opposite though And we said how, how disappointing would this have been for the Thunder? If they had lost? Yeah, if they had lost like like Halliburton gets injured. Pacers up at halftime. Pacers close it out. How disappointed are you in the Oklahoma City Thunder? Very. Yeah 'cause I don't Frauds. Yeah. Worst loss ever. Presti overrated. How about, yeah how about bringing somebody in with some emotion? Yeah. Come On man. Yeah you had the opport guys go out there to make a move. You know what? Not to go all ESPN on you Preston needs to step up. Yeah came with a big one.


Well look I mean you want to do a draft of the guys on TV that would spend this week being like here's the 10 guys I would take over pre right now. Yeah. You know, so look, the funniest thing, like I wrote this down last night when we did the bill and Zach thing, OKC during the playoffs the rebounding rate was 11 outta 16 teams. Defensive rebounding rate was even worse than that. Their assist ratio was 11th, three point shooting. They were 13th or 14th outta 16 teams. They fouled at the third highest rate. They had I think nine games at like 31 30% or under from three point range and they went five and four in those nine games. This team to do this to win a title was some of those things that's like how I thought you guys could shoot like what the hell's going on.


Their defense was actually that special. So I would have probably gone, eh, maybe need a little bit more shooting or shooters that can show up, shooters that can show up on the road because that's what the Pacers are doing. They're just like, we fine game six, everybody stays with SGA cheat off of everybody else. Stop SGA hope he doesn't pass. And we don't think any of those guys are gonna make enough shots. And that's exactly what happened in game six. They hoped it would happen in game seven SGA just as he passed better. But it was funny 'cause PFTI was thinking like if they lose this, you love this roster, you love Presti, you love what they've done, but then you're gonna do an off season to-do list for team that won 68 games and at the highest point differential ever.


Yeah. Yeah. Just the fact that they shot that bad is, I I, I saw someone talking about it today and I don't know if you, you know the, the inner workings of the Oklahoma City thunder better than we do. But they said they have an analytics department that basically like two of their big things are trying to figure out the trends in where the league's going in terms of like what's valuable, what's not. And then also just trying to figure out who's gonna suck in four years and then getting their picks and that. I was like, I read that and I was like well that's genius. Why aren't more teams doing that? Just like let's just collect the picks for the teams that we expect to suck soon and they'll be very good assets. Yeah, I know that.


You know, they seem to really pri they're incredibly private first of all like the most private probably group ever. I, you know, I've joked that I've seen Presti at the combine, you know, again when I used to do it, I don't, I don't know that it happens now but like he wouldn't even stand near anybody else. Like normally this is a pretty social event, you know, you don't just 'cause you're sitting there someone doesn't mean he'd be like, Hey I'm actually really wanna trade this player And he wouldn't even stand near anybody else. Wo introduced us years ago about the same age. Both were mass some similar interests and I was like, hey, what's going on? And it was like, no way. Like you asked me a basketball question you Dick and I was like, all right.


You know lesson, lesson learned on this one. But I, I do think that there's a lot of truth Big Cat into what you said. I mean you know, if we sat around for half an hour and tried to predict which teams picks are gonna be more valuable moving forward, we could probably come up with a little bit of a list here. You know, it could be perhaps a little overstated but there's also something to be said that he was on the competition committee Presti I believe. And like he knew once they were putting in some of the second apron stuff that it was gonna main, it was gonna mean way more to just be able to draft replacements for guys that got more expensive. 'cause like we kept waiting around going, when are they gonna package these picks? When are they gonna package? And if they had lost, if they had blown game seven, you know, maybe they don't get to the NBA finals say, then you're gonna be like, does this mean they give like the Godfather offer to the bucks for Giannis just going like hey this is how we have to do it.


That's how the NBA's operated in the past. And I remember somebody explaining to me like it's gonna be a bit more like continuing to flip the picks forward so that you always have that flexibility and then drafting potentially like a replacement for somebody who goes north of 20 million who's your fourth or fifth option. Right? So that may be the strategy more so than like hey when are you gonna trade all those picks? Because if they had lost, can you imagine? It's like hey cool picks right Do and yet they're still a really good team had they had, you know, blown game seven. Yeah. So we wanted to do just an hour and a half with you about Kevin Durant and what this means for his legacy that he goes to the Houston Rockets. Good. We can cut that down to 45 minutes if you'd like.


But from your perspective, how, how does this fit work? Because we we're watching the NBA finals yesterday and the Kevin Durant news breaks over the weekend and it feels like a lot of people were just spending time analyzing that trade instead of appreciating game seven in the NBA finals that we have right now. But looking ahead, you think that the Rocket's got a whole lot better, you think it's a good fit? Yeah, I think it's a great fit for him. Minnesota is my favorite fit for him just because I still think he could have gone to Minnesota and kind of draft off the attention of Anthony Edwards where at this stage, if you're asking Durant who's gonna turn 37 in September to come in and fix you? I don't know if he's that guy. I mean he wasn't that guy in Phoenix.


It looked like he was flirting with being that guy in Brooklyn. But then he soured there. So if you go back to that Houston series, like Houston was the two seed and they had the weirdest like stat clutch stuff where they had all of these clutch wins but their clutch offense still sucked. It was really weird. Now we know they're a really good defensive team, but you look at that kind of thing and you're like, is that something that's gonna bite you in the ass the last five minutes of a tight playoff game? 'cause you don't really feel great about who your number one scoring option is. And they would've loved for it to mend Jalen Green. He's given four years of Rope Pier high usage rate. Like just go out there and even though Jalen Green certainly has his moments 'cause he's a really talented player. He was not that guy against Golden State and I don't wanna completely like write him off as a player because of a bad series in his first playoff taste, but it just wasn't very good.


Then you've got Van Blit like scrambling around and he put up some huge numbers against Golden State. But you could just see like they need something else on the wing that they can really depend on. And considering they don't have to trade Jabari, they don't have to trade tar A men's a non-starter. There's no Reed Shepherd in the deal. Like, and they I think got rid of the less favorable pick. So I love the trade for Houston, their GM stone is on an absolute heater now. I mean every single move this guy makes, it seems like usually you're just gonna get run wrong because of the way sports work. So they didn't pay a ton. They're obviously probably gonna have to extend him. I think the rans happier in Houston than some of the other options. So, you know, the thing I did like about Minnesota is that he could probably allow Ant to still be the focal point of all of the attention.


Where in Houston a lot is gonna be expected of him but he's desperately what they needed on offense. Like go get us those closing playoff moment buckets. See I have the opposite take. I think Phoenix got a whole lot better. I love what they're building down at Phoenix. Build the whole thing Outta Wings. I love that they got the big four is what they're calling it. Four, I think four. I think Bradley Beal is poised for a breakout season. Yeah. Where I I it's gotta be in Phoenix. It's gotta Be in Phoenix. Is That the worst No trade clause ever given to a player? We said yesterday that his name has now become Bradley Beal's no trade clause because anytime you say his name it's always in that context. Is that the worst no trade clause ever given out? Yeah, it's, I mean it's gotta be, I mean 'cause he's just so checked out.


He's totally, I think the scary thing about him is that, you know, I think anybody you think like if you're this good then there has to be some competitive pride in you. And he may have the least, there may be the biggest gap between just talent and how much he doesn't care. Yeah. Of any like they tried to bench him and bring him off the bench like hoping hey, if we make this really ugly, will he actually say, hey I want out here. And then I had heard he is like, no, he just loves Phoenix. A lot of guys love the Phoenix area. He loves Scottsdale. He might love his life. Yeah. He might actually be the happiest guy in the NBA. Yeah. You talk about like every player is on No, I think you're onto something. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. He might be the happiest dude. Yeah. Do you subscribe to my theory that May ish was like, we know we're not gonna get a lot for Kevin Durant, but if you just like make the second round picks five of them, everyone's gonna look at the tweet and be like, holy shit, that's a lot of picks.


I just see hinky Stu Substack, he was like, this is great at all these second rounders. Yeah, I'm kidding, I'm kidding. But it, it was like you see five second round picks, you're like, oh man, that's a lot of picks. Then you're like, wait a second, they're second round picks. This means nothing. He should asked for 15. There's, There was a stretch where it felt like so many writers just love second round picks. You're like look at all the flexibility and you're like, look at the historical data of like how often these guys, you know, learn China buddy. Speaking of though, Dylan Brooks, who again was like that guy got 80 million after people were laughing about him being outta the league and he deserves the contract that he got and he actually matters because he's got some edge to him. Theory, working theory.


They brought in Dylan Brooks just to match up against be in practice. Ooh. To piss Him off. Get that dog back in him. Reignite the fire. Yeah. Or ask out. Or ask out. Like I can't deal with this guy. Good point. Yeah, that's actually, I like that theory a lot to make, like if you, if you can't force the guy to be traded, just make him hate his job so much that he's gonna play anywhere else. Yeah. Like they signed like, Hey, we just signed Fanasis and he's gonna shadow you on the court and off the court. Yeah. Like, and Beal's just like, I'm not gonna, I can't, I can't do this. All right. Now you've got me. I wanna go back to the Wizards where I'm comfortable. Well I, I actually think that there's some truth to the fact that playing for the Wizards organization historically, it will suck the life out of your desire to be great at basketball.


It, it just will you, you're gonna end up not caring as soon as you get through like one season there. So you're telling me you're selling your Alex Sarm Bub Carrington stock? No, I Like Bub. I like Bub a lot and I was almost a diehard Wizards fan for the NBA draft lottery if it looked like, What about Kula Bali? Cool Flag. If we're gonna get Cooper flag I was in. But now and maybe we can transition into NBA draft talk a little bit. Now I'm thinking Ace Bailey might be the perfect fit. He wants to go somewhere. He's the guy where he's The killer Bees, the Superstar Maybe. Maybe the Wizards might be the perfect fix. So tell, tell us what's going on with Ace Bailey and why has he dropped so much in this draft? I think the NBA draft, the players are a lot like a movie that you hear about ahead of time, like draft day, right.


And I'm Yeah, That's a good comp. Yeah. Costner's best movie. Yeah. I'd say easily if that, I always say if that movie didn't have the licensing for the official NFL logos, it might be the worst movie of all time, but because they had like Cleveland Browns, Jacksonville Jaguars, I'm watching and I'm like, I'm pretty much watching football right now. This is awesome. Yeah, they do the fly over the stadium show, dude this rocks football. You would, I don't know if you understand the references we just did as we're football guys. Yeah, yeah. No I saw you guys, you were like, oh my god. So many weekends before college football. I'm losing my mind. Yeah, it's like you guys, no, I'm like, some people like football. You guys really like football? I love football. It's so cool.


Anyway, thank you. See you're getting a little too snarky. Like you, I can tell you don't actually really love football. You would've made that joke if you really loved it. I don't like it as much as you guys do. Yeah, That's for sure. And don't forget that. Yeah. I've never questioned it. Alright, so yeah. So Ace Billy, why, why is he going from being like second or third pick to now we're thinking he might be fifth sixth. Glad you asked PFT this is the movie thing that like are there ever been a movie in your life? You're like, this movie sucks. And you're like, what does it, it's terrible And you go in thinking everybody that you know, even if a couple people that you trust, I mean there's some people that we're friends with who are like, if you don't like something, then I know I will like it.


Ace Bailey feels like this movie that, and I'm, I'm late to it. I've, I've explained to you guys and just to remind the audience, like I can't do the draft stuff year round. I love it. It's my favorite week of the year. So I get crash course into all this stuff and watch as much as I can. I go to the combine and all that kind of stuff. So, you know, you just heard so many people trashing him that I went into the theater being like, this guy's gonna suck. He's good. He, he is, I think the conversation around him with Sharif Cooper's dad repping him and you know, this being a bit abnormal where a lot of teams are really pissed about the way they're treating this process and, and who's, who's to know, like are they trying to navigate this thing to get Bailey from three to say six because they feel like there's a ton of shots and ton of points and traditional counting stats for him so that when he's extended in four years, he's gonna make back all the money that he loses drop in a few slots.


You know, Brooklyn would be like significant from going three to eight. But when you watch him like sure we can go over the bad stuff. There's plenty of shots. You're like, what the hell were you doing there? I think I saw one game where he had two shots where his heels were on the three point line. There's times where I I one play, I saw him just three guys are right in his face and he's in the triple threat and he like wants to drive, he wants to drive. And you're like, well you're not gonna drive. There's nowhere to go. There's nowhere to go right now. It's like, yeah, I'm gonna drive. But I watched the Bama game from November this morning and there's just a lot of stuff this guy can do at six foot eight that's really impressive. And it's not like he's just a six foot eight project, right?


This isn't like salon who goes last year in the top 10. This is somebody that, you know, the high-end shot making is really impressive. It's not necessarily like Trey Johnson, Texas who could go ahead of him. But I feel like all of the conversation around Ace and the Rutgers season being a disaster and Harper clearly being the number two guys, that means Ace in is as good. Like, I'm not telling you he's perfect. It seemed like he didn't love playing off the ball as much as he had to because Harper was just so good. And the more and more you watch Harper, you're just like, all right, I totally get it. Like he's got all his NBA scoring stuff down already to the high pick and roll. But I feel like Ace has become far more damaged probably because of the handling of this. And apparently, unless there's a secret workout being the only American prospect that hasn't worked out or shown up to visit with anybody, which is just unheard of.


So why, why is he doing that? Has he, has his camp made any statements about it? Like this is why we're approaching the draft in this way. And I know, I know it's weird but here's our strategy. Yeah, I think 'cause Philly, you know, landing the number three pick is weird. Like we can all sit here and say like, well they need to trade it because of the timeline and what they're facing. And granted, like if you're a Sixers fan right now, you should probably feel much better about your place in the east considering all the guys that are going down in the injuries that we've had throughout the playoffs. And I, you know, you include Dame too at the end, but you know, you look at Ace B or even a VJ and you're like how does this guy play for a Sixers team? Well the way he plays is probably 'cause one of the Sixers guys are gonna get hurt.


So you'd throw him out there anyway. But I just can't imagine like Nick nurse trusting a ton of possessions with Ace Bailey where if he's on Brooklyn and there's no one else and you're like, okay that's buckets New Orleans. You know, Trey Murphy's still a preferred option over Ace Bailey at this point. There just seems like there's more room for him for touches where it feels like the camp was afraid that if he ended up in Charlotte with Mello and Miller already there, Utah should be plenty of room. But there's a ton of guys that they've drafted and a lot of on the ball guards. Like maybe they're simply looking at this as the vacancy of, of other people that would get in his way. And that has to be the reason behind it because it doesn't really make a lot of sense of why you try to be going fifth or eighth instead of third.


Yeah. Alright, the Duke guys, Malach Cooper, flag Con Kniple, they're gonna go what? Th like all three of them maybe go by what, seven, eight, what's the ceiling for all these guys? And is it high enough that they could go down as like the, how did they not win a championship team? 'cause that's all I'm rooting for. Like I watched the Houston, can you believe that they can win it all? That's crazy. You wanna hear something funny is I watched the Houston game again and I took a picture of when they had the ball up What, 67 61 with 58 seconds left, 57 seconds left. And I'm look And we already know the outcome 'cause we all watched the game and even when I was rewatching it months later, I'm thinking they lost this.


Yeah, It was awesome. And I, I almost like posted the picture and said they lost this game. And then we had John Shire confirm for like two days later and I was like, all right I can't, I can't do that. Smart. Although Shire's, it's a Fact smart, they did lose that game. That's, they did lose that game. But how, how good are these guy? Like I think they're all really, really good. Obviously we know Cooper Flag, I think Con Kniple iss like he's, he's gonna be very good pro and Malak his size is like he, he kind of fits that new NBA where he could run with anyone and he could protect the rim. So is it, are all three of these guys like no doubt, hey you're gonna get a really good player out of him. I like all three guys a lot. I think Cooper Flagg, the Jesus comps seem a little outrageous.


Maybe Tom Chambers not Jesus, no. Like Cooper the only thing that you would say, and I asked Shire this and of course like he was gonna say the other stuff that this guy did in practice like don't even worry about it is you go okay, if you're taking somebody number one and he's supposed to be the face of a franchise in like four or five years, that also means that he's the number one scoring option likely. You know, granted there's some players that are a little bit more unique but I mean is he going to have that kind of offensive game? And I think the people that are around him, whether it was high school and this year at Duke, they're like he could do more of that stuff if he wanted to. But he actually is like a really willing teammate and passer and speaks to all the other guys that he want to get involved.


So every time you watch Cooper, like the biggest thing too is it's not just the size, the athleticism, his anticipation, the defense, I mean it's just his passing all this stuff is that he's a, he's a real like competitor. Like it's not a joke. He's not telling you that he wants to win. He is expressing to you and the urgency with which he plays basketball, how bad he wants to win. And so it's hard to not just pay attention to him when you're just watching a Duke game. And then I went back and did the K nipple tape and I thought like, oh yeah, you know he'll probably be, you know in that, in that five to eight range or something like that. 'cause he's big, he scored a lot, scored even more in high school. He had to defer a little bit. I'll tell you, after really digging into him, I am so incredibly impressed with the way this guy sees the game, his off ball cutting, how he's setting up defenders off the ball.


Like the best way I could describe him is that if you have K Nipple on your team and then you just pick whoever the other four are, he would look at who the other four guys are, figure out what they needed and then he would play, he would adapt his game to who the other four guys that he was sharing floor with. And he showed that when Flagg was out he showed it when Flagg was obviously in and he is so smart, like VJ's got probably more motherfucker in him. Trey Johnson makes the most like NBA impressive level shots. But I think K nipple's approach to the game is the thing that's the most impressive from him. So I don't know if that's enough for him to go ahead of VJ and go number three, but it seems impossible that he would go outside of three, four and five and then Malach, you know, he hasn't played the game for a really long time and as much as it feels like he's just this incredible lob threat, two things really stood out.


He had a switch in a college game where the point guard hadn't played like he didn't know the scattering port on Malach at all and he switches, he gets him in the switch like all right, here we go. Like the guard's gonna go right past this big guy. Malach stays in front of him by moving his feet. It's not even his wingspan. Like the guard couldn't do anything and was like freaked 'cause you could just like, what the fuck was this? Like I can't go around this guy. So it feels like K nipples in that three to five range Maow watch. You know some people say the floor is Toronto unless they're gonna go with S and gay, which is somebody from France who I don't like all that much but he just fell down a lot. So you know how I get about those players even when they're good, I'm like stop falling down all the time. But those three guys are really special prospects.


But yeah Big Cat you're gonna be right. You're gonna be able to say how did that team not win a title? It's Gonna be awesome. It's gonna be awesome. It's gonna be like looking at the old Oklahoma City Thunder. Same thing. Yeah, right. Except those guys. Well I mean who left quicker? The freshmen or Yeah, So yeah, I mean those guys were still Durant Westbrook were still running things. That's true. In 2016. So all Ended up being rockets. Is that one in draft? In a draft? What? What should the rocket sign Sir Shabaka? Yes. Yeah, yeah. Get the gang back together. All ended up being rockets. I kinda like that. Yeah. Yeah. What about Jeremiah fears? Because like a month ago if you'd asked me who would I want on my team, I, I was feeling, I like watching Jeremiah fears play the way that he controls the game at point guard.


Are we hearing that he's gonna slip a little bit? No and there's a lot of people that think that Utah would take him as far as like can you get past the defender? And there's a lot of guys that think they can that are like big time scores and come in with all the accolades and he's another one like Cooper that reclassified. So he should have been a senior in high school this year and he comes in and no one can stay in front of him. Like nobody can stay in front of him and some of the stuff that he does, the anticipation of the passing is really special. So if you are in the room and you're arguing, hey this guy has a chance, 'cause this will happen a lot with the draft, which we always have to remind ourselves of is like you're sitting there at seven or eight, you're like okay this guy's a better player. We know he could probably be in the rotation with us. It's a safer pick but we can't get any stars a free agency.


We can't trade for anybody, nobody wants to come to our city. Is there a chance, is there a chance that this person develops into somebody that like becomes an elite level score where maybe makes an Allstar game 'cause a couple other guys ask out of it? Yeah, I could see that fierce conversation. Like I could see that being part of the conversation for fears. A lot of people do think Utah likes him, but if you wanted his shit on him you go okay cool, he is really small. He turned it more, turned it over more than any other player in the SCC. He shot 28% from three last year. I looked at up as high school stats again, high school stats, I can't believe it's 2025, we can't have a better database for this kind of stuff. But from what I could find and then double checking some of the stuff like he wasn't over 30% from three there either.


So I'm usually not in a hurry to be like, hey small guard can't shoot turns it over a ton. Probably can't defend anybody. Yeah, let's go number five. Hand in the cart. So, So Jeremiah fear ceiling is Tyler Huntley I would say a more better condition Pro Bowler. Better conditioned. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I mean he's awesome I the shooting thing, like what, how bad, let me ask you this. If you're a team and you talk to these guys, like is there some level of hey we can figure out a way to get him to shoot better or is it like your, your shot kind of is your shot and it's, it's you're not going to all of a sudden go from a 25% three point shooter to oh man you're hitting 39%.


Yeah, I most people will tell you you can work on it. Like if you want to figure this out like a golf swing, you can probably get better at it. And you know, percentages can be misleading too because there are NBA shooters who put up a really nice percentage but they can only shoot in like one scenario, right? Where it's the muscle memory is down, it's the catch, there's no dribble. It's from like one spot where they're comfortable and actually there's incredible value and just that. But then there's other guys that can shoot from anywhere can shoot off the catch, shoot off the dribble. They can calibrate their body and change the shot based on like what they think they need. And that's, that's like the real elite stuff. So you know, there's times where I look at percentages for trap prospects and I'll think the players actually like a good shooter.


Like Dylan Harper shot 33% from three this year, right? He's gonna be better than the 33% shooter. 'cause a lot of the shots were hey, we're not that good. I'm a five star, I'm the big deal, I'm the number one option. Like some of these kids, I don't really blame them. Like they're in love with taking some, hey take a look at this three pointer. I mean right. You know, it's just what the game has become post step. So there's, there's a lot of shot selection stuff that will happen with some kids where I look at their form, is it quick enough, are they getting it off? Like, you know, again, Halliburton had probably one of the funkier deliveries ever and all he's done is shot 40% from three basically every season. So, you know, there's, there's more to it than I I think than just what are your percentages where then you have de BYU who apparently is lighting it up in these pre-workout and I loved him at six, eight and a half and playing point guard and some of his passing.


But he, he's not, I mean he didn't just miss this year. He like, I was kidding but like his misses are violent, like violent misses from three. So where I look at his percentage, I'm like, that seems to make more sense even though apparently again he's I guess killing it in some of these pre-draft workouts. Which is shocking. 'cause in game it was pretty rough. So besides him who outside of the, the consensus top eight are you looking at and saying I I like that guy more than what the experts are ranking Matt? Well it's funny 'cause like I don't look at Sini stuff until I'm like, I feel like I'm comfortable. Like I don't wanna look at his and then then do all my work. And then I was watching Cedric Coward started D three was at Eastern Washington.


Played six games this year for Washington State. 'cause his coach came over, had a shoulder injury, was shut down for the season. I still don't even think he's cleared for three on three stuff right now. And I watched him and I'm like, am I losing my mind? But is this guy incredible? And I texted Sini, I was like, Hey what do you got on? Like, he was like, do you like this dude? He's like, yeah I have ninth. I was like, whoa. All right. And now you know, people are seeing that going, that's insane. You guys are nuts. 'cause we were raving about him last week on my pod and it's, it's just like, look, the competition is not very good. The only good team he played was Iowa last year and it was probably his worst of the six games. So maybe I'm getting a little carried away.


But when you look at the physicality, the shooting numbers, which are incredible across the board, how he just was this wing who seemed like he can score on everybody. And then one game it was like, Hey, I'm just gonna post up dudes right now just to show you that I have the full arsenal. He makes a lot of sense probably outside of that eight to nine range, into the uncertainty of, of what the rest of the lottery and teens are gonna be. 'cause that's where I think it's gonna be a little bit more wild. You You, you got a favorite Euro guy. I feel like America's back, we kinda, we we're dominating this draft after a couple that we didn't. But do you have a favorite Euro guy?


Well REI iss like watching a cult being born where you're like, is it gonna run away and look beautiful or is it gonna fall down? He doesn't shoot it great. Reminds me of mellow a little. But he, when he is out there, you feel him right? He's this lanky point guard running around again. He hasn't shot it great but he plays with like such incredible energy that sometimes is like, man that's a lot of energy you're playing with Senge, who I mentioned is a French kid who's playing in the German league. And I can tell, like I'll look at some of the reports on him and I think, did you guys watch him or are you just looking because his free throw rate was nuts. He was like, oh this guy's so efficient.


He lives at the line. The shit he got called in his favor. Like I can't, I, I just can't imagine an NBA ref going, yeah let's send him to two for the line. Like you deserve that where he's not even facing the hoop on some of these shots. Yeah. And he is like turning around and then Chuck's like Dame Lillard would be embarrassed. Damon would be like, dude don't ruin this for the rest of us. Some teams really like him. Some teams think he could go in the top 10. I am as not, I'm not as big of a fan. I might be totally wrong. We'll see his team still playing so we don't even know if he's gonna make it to the draft or not. But he's definitely going in the first round. Barringer is the other French kid who like plays center and he actually plays center.


Like he's, he's somebody I like at least for the fact that he knows exactly who he's gonna be instead of some of these 6 10, 6 11 guys that wanna be small Fords and they're not, this guy's a center. He set a screen on a guard in this game I watched last week where it was such a violent screen and I thought it was legal. They called a foul on him and the officials looking at him basically being like, that guy's so banged up like a car crash after he ran into your screen. Like I think I have to give him this call right now. And he's looking at him going like, what? Like the first I think 12 makes that I saw from him. Were all just right at the rim dunks. He has no interest in doing anything else. And sometimes that can actually be a good thing for a team. 'cause it's like he doesn't want to show you what he's capable of in a few years.


He already understands the assignment. Yeah. I got a question for you about the New York Knicks and their coaching search. Mm. You think they're to the point where they pick up the phone made call to Alabama made oats, Man is IZO is is. Or what about Condoleezza Rice? Are they gonna get a coach for real? This is a shit show. Yeah, I don't think any of it matters. You know, I think it's like something that's really easy to make fun of. Very easy every, if they win games, which they're going to, no one is gonna be talking about this in a year. No one. So I don't know why they would necessarily do this to embarrass themselves, but to me this is not like, this is one of your buddies that's a great guy that does something embarrassing and it's just not gonna hang on him as opposed to somebody else.


Like it's also the Knicks. Some people like to shit on him. I think there's a lot of good one-liners outta all this stuff, but ultimately none of this is ever going to matter. It's, it's just not like, it's a very, if you wanna pile on, you can use it. I would like To pile on. Yep, we're gonna pile on. I Know, I know man, you're, you love to get on top. I do love to. You know me. Stay on top. That's what we say on this podcast. Pile driver. Get on top. Stay on top. I just wanted to get on top of the Knicks and then I also wanted to get on top of Rico at the same time, which is why I thought maybe Nate Oats to the Knicks could make everybody happy. Who was, was it IZO that was gonna fix everybody there for a while? Remember when IZO was gonna coach the Michigan state football team? Yes.


Yeah. Yes, yes. He was gonna fix it all. We're, we are so fucking stupid sometimes. But I love it. I love it. 'cause it's also like maybe he could, I don't know, like guy can coach nothing. Nothing's better than the Condoleezza Rice Browns Thing. No, no. It's, I still can't believe it's real. It's, I I think about it once a week. Yeah, I think About it. I text you every now and then. Yeah. Blake, what are you doing Blake? Thinking about Condoleezza Rice with a headset up. This is, this is real Need a they need a CEO that that's really what it is. This C we need a, a head coach is a CEO. It's like who would you Guys most want to coach? The Knicks. It's all on the table. Probably Jay Wright.


Rick Brunson would be funny. It would, it would be very funny. You'd have to admit it would be very funny If Cuomo doesn't win the election. Probably him. Yeah. How About those numbers? Yeah. Wild. Well I, the real answer is I would love, I'm not super political, but I just saw it. I would love for them to strike out and then have to rehire Tibs. That would be do it. Would you Take it? Yeah, tib would do It. Yeah. Why not? If they pay you, it's Like, fuck it. It's a rum situation. Yeah. Fuck it. Like they, I knew they hated me. Ti Tim strikes me as a guy who, it's not like he's walking around being like, everyone fucking loves me in this building. So I don't think it would change much.


Tims loves basketball so much. He would probably do it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He loves basketball so much. We've told this story. I mean you probably know it. Like the, the fact that he was gonna get married and he was like, yeah, actually I'm, I'm not getting married because you are gonna make me not be able to be a basketball coach all the time. And he just had the foresight to be like, yeah, we're just not gonna do this. I did it 'cause of podcasting. Yeah. Married to the game. Exactly. That's commitment. That's commitment. Do you know how many fights I've avoided by just a, like I've actually done society a favor by being resilient in my solitude because I just know the arguments that I've avoided and you know, who knows?


I mean the butterfly effect. Say I had a wife and she's like, I can't believe he's watching another fucking game and then she crashes into somebody at Ralph's grocery store. You know? Yeah. Who knows? You've made so many women so happy by not marrying them. Yeah. I've done more for women than anybody. That's Women more than, Yeah. You any married Man, You're, you're a feminist at heart. Have you ever played solitaire during an NBA playoff game At home? On my couch? Probably. Yeah. You're a solitaire guy. No, I don't think so. I mean, back in the day with ESPN every now and then you remember that golf game that they used to have that mini golf game on espn.com in the early two thousands. There was always that one hole that was like, if you could get that in a hole in one, then you, you know, once you started breaking it, like I think the lowest score you could get was like a North Korean score.


Wherever you hole was a hole in one. But it was really, really hard to do. So we used to do that sometimes during the break. 'cause those shows were six hours long, remember? Yeah. On those Saturday, Saturday night overnights. But during a game, like at I, look I'll admit, you know, you get a little distracted on your phone. Live at a game every now and then, you know, is that dog actually underwater? It was a cool video. And, and I'll say that like at the beginning of the video I was like, wait, is this real? And then when we could audibly hear the dog barking at the shark as the shark banged into his scoo, You don't think the dog would bark? No.


I can't hear. I think the dog would bark. I don't think we'd be able to hear it. Well we don't know how it was micd. That's true. That's true. That's true. That it might been micd up. He had a laugh on Audio. I missed that. Yeah, I missed that. Alright, What are you really asking me by the way? What About Solitaire? Yeah. Just wondering what your thoughts were on, on Solitaire gate. You zagged pretty hard. I was just curious. I wanna know you're in the biz, Ryan. What? I just can't imagine, I can't imagine you ever playing a game on your computer during an NBA finals game. Let's just say if that were to happen, I I would be pretty bummed out with myself.


Yeah. Unless it was a really good solitaire game. 'cause that's the part that people miss that Stephen A. Smith actually had a really good solitaire go game going. How does he not see that six over there? I, I would be, I think the lesson in all of this is that some people are to a level where there's like this acceptance of it doesn't even matter. Like nothing even matters. Which I don't know if that's good or bad. Well, But okay, so it did matter a little and I, I didn't say this on Monday show, but Stephen A. Smith, his daughter's a little too old to be using her as a shield. He really needed, I'm his daughter to be like five.


I'm not getting any of that. Not what Would, how, let's talk about it this way. What would, I'm not, That's the truth. Hypothetically, What would Stephen A. Smith say about an NBA player if he made the organization go outta their way to bring that player's child into the organization? If that were to ever happen in the NBA, do you think Steven would have a problem with it? Can the kid shoot Not that great? Did you guys already do this segment? No, No, no. I was ruminating on that take like it was, I just like, usually like when people bring out their kids as shields being like, I'm, I'm facing a little controversy. It's like, you know, the kid's like running around really cute.


Everyone's like, oh look at this cute kid. It's not like a, a full blown adult. I have nothing to add to this. I'm staying out of it.


Alright, We'll do the Rollback question. RHO bac c k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take 20% off.


My last question for you Ryan, is are you gonna run a six minute mile this year? You and I talked about it. This is a big, big controversy on the show where make it quick. I don't do a great job with that. But like, just what would you be excited about, right? If like what would you be exci, you'd be excited to rep out 2 25. I think you'd be excited for most people to bench 2 25 once if you could rep 1 35 1 time, like good for you. You're in there. Never gonna be critical to anybody that's aging, that's understanding that like, hey, we're all in this together. I don't wanna be a orphan of society. And yet when I brought up the mile just off the top of my head, I was like, yeah, I think like a six minute mile.


Like if you run, but nobody just runs a mile. Nobody runs a mile to just test themselves. And then it turned into the marathon crowd being like, are you guys over your mind? Seven 30 is like the best split. And then of course that's what happens. Like people consistently prove their selfishness to me all the time is that their argument was only about what it was that they were doing in the normal thing. So Big Cat and I talked about this Big Cat, which I appreciate. I don't think it was the friendship. He was like, you're a hundred percent right about this whole thing. Yes. Like nobody would run one mile and then come to work on Monday being like 7 42 dudes. He'd be like, wait, you ran one of them. No, that's a fact. At some point, like you stop worrying about your mile time, I would say that that age is maybe 10th grade and you don't really care what you can run one mile in and you just, you use Unless you run it.


Yeah. Unless you're like on a track team. Yeah. Yeah. But then you, you reach the age where it's like, okay, I'm gonna run more than a mile because I'm trying. Exactly. I'm not, I'm trying to stay in shape. I'm not trying to run 5K 1600 meters. Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. Right. Like there's just very few people being like, I'm gonna figure this thing out. Although Big Cat told me, and again, 'cause he was on my side, but you went out and ran a mile just to prove that you could do it. 'cause nobody thought you could do it. Right? Yeah, No. PE people were like, oh you can't, you, it's over 10 minutes easy. I went out, I ran like a seven 40. It killed me. I was crushed. I felt like crap. I wanted to die. Did you Go out too fast? I went, I just pushed myself to the limit. I'm not in good shape, but it's, I do think people, like if you've done anything, if you're, if you've done anything in your life that's like remotely athletic, you could, you still have a baseline that like seven Forty's?


Not, and I did, I didn't go around bragging to people and be like, Hey dude, I ran a seven 40. If someone tells you they ran a six minute mile, I would be like, dude, that's fucking crazy. Like, that's fast. That's a really fast. That's sprinting like as fast as you can. It's a 10. Yeah, it's a 10 on the treadmill the whole time. It's crazy. Right. And I used to try to do it when I was younger and I don't think I ever, I don't think I ever got it. I think I'd get to like the 0.08 and then I would just be like, you're gonna, something's gonna blow. Like you've gotta, now the treadmill is driving you, you're not even running right now. And it's gonna be really bad. Am I gonna train for it? I've wanted to just to kind of do a, Hey everybody fuck off. 'cause like, whenever any of us talk about any of this stuff, they seem to think that like, that's impossible.


And I'm like, I probably could, but you know, I'd get, I'd get a lot skinnier and I don't wanna do that. It's taken me forever to have this much mass. I'm not ready to give it up. That's why I'm not going on love island. That's A good point. You're you're finally at a place in life where you're happy with your body. Yeah. And you got a great body. Body. Positive. I have a great body. I fuck everybody that don't apologize for that tries to suggest. Yeah. No, I mean I look, I was checking myself out the other day. I was like, you, I, the reason I'm single is like, I don't know if anybody deserves this. Yeah. And you could fuck yourself. I've seen videos, but I don't know if they're real. Oh, the dog. The dog scuba diving.


Hank got, Hank got got by that he got got by the ca the kittens jumping off the high dive That by that one was the kittens in the Olympics. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That one was real. Yeah. Well there was a, there was like an AI wroted up by de Shambo on threads. Yeah. And I think Big G can understand. Like, I just wrote fake and the guy was like, dude, I'm just having fun. It's great though. We gotta keep modest. We gotta keep on. Yeah. Right. Like we don't need this shit because people are now being desensitized. I think there's something to be said. I don't know if it's a book or a TED talk or whatever, but no one's impressed with anything anymore. Yeah. And sometimes every now and then allow yourself to be impressed. I am impressed with the Oklahoma City Thunder and their organization.


That's A great tieback. Disappointed. Yeah. Great. Tieback great. 10 outta 10 stuck. The landing bang. There was one guy online I saw yesterday, I had a picture of him and his mom from, he was like, he was like four years old in this picture. And his mom was obviously like a, a grown lady. He's like, this is the most good, fantastic. A good thing use case I've ever seen for ai. And then he turned that picture into a video of his mom and him hugging. And he is like, this is now one of my most cherished memories that I have a fake video of him hugging his mom. Oh, that's actually pretty sad. Yeah. Yeah. Very sad. That's really Sad. Yeah. I apologize about trying to keep up with the banter. It was So sad. I have nothing to, I haven't this sad, it's just like the, it's just like the solitaire topic.


I have nothing to add. Yeah. I was impressed by that fan at the LSU game. Yeah, I looked at that twice. All Ryan, you're the best. We love you. Enjoy vacation wherever you're going. Yeah. I mean looking at St. Helena. Okay. Napoleon Exile. Okay. Yeah. And I was gonna put myself through the same exile minus I got a picture or I got a piece of Napoleon's DNA. You wanna bring it there? Want It from two 50? Yeah. K. No. $250 online. Get a piece of his hair. Of hair. Did you spend half a million on Napoleon's dick?


And it's fake. That's irrelevant. I Did. I did. I love when Connor, like Logan asked Connor about him spending money on a fake Napoleon dick. And he's like, that's irrelevant right now. It's irrelevant. Oh. Alright. Thanks Ryan. Appreciate it.


Illa was brought to you by Ava. This is a good sponsor for Ryan Racc. He's working out getting sw. And whether you're on or off the field, you need the kind of nourishment that keeps up with your game cave's. Whole body meal shakes will keep your body, your body and your mind nourished all day. It's a great all in one shake. They got proteins, greens, it fuels your game. It's a whole body meal with plant-based protein that actually tastes delicious. 25 grams of a hundred percent plant-based protein and available in five indulgent flavors. Chocolate, vanilla, chai matcha, and coconut acai. All the good stuff your mind and body crave for whole body health. With every two scoops of cava, you get 85 plus superfoods nutrients and plant-based ingredients. No artificial flavors, no colors, no sweeteners, non GMO, no soy, no animal products, no gluten and no preservatives. You don't have to be vegan to love it. Adding more plant-based protein to your diet is a fantastic way to nourish your body. Try Cava risk free with their lovet guarantee. Fuel your game with cava. Go to cava.com. Use promo code PMT for 15% off your next order. That's K-A-C-H-A va.com promo code PMT 15% off your next order. Let's get the boys on some C kava shakes. Let, let's get those in the studio. We're hitting the gym, we're working out. Let's drink some kava kava.com. Promo code PMT 15% off.


Silla was also brought to you by our great friends at proper 12. I'm making my Irish entrance with proper number 12 Irish whiskey. How do you make an Irish entrance? You might ask. It starts with a shot of proper number 12 Irish whiskey. Because real friends don't let friends Irish exit a party without a story to tell. Original, proper number 12 is a rich and smooth blend of golden grain and single malt aged four years in bourbon barrels mixed up with some ginger ale for a classic and refreshing proper ginger in the mood for something smooth but a little sweeter. Try proper Irish apple. It's a delicious blend of proper's award-winning Irish whiskey with crisp, fresh notes of apple. So get out there and make your Irish entrance. Anything else just wouldn't be proper. Make your Irish entrance with proper number 12 Irish whiskey. And now here's Isaiah Hartenstein.


Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. He is an NBA champ as of less than 24 hours ago. It is Isaiah Hartenstein from the Oklahoma City Thunder. I mean, it's crazy. We're talking to you. It's been 12 hours. Has does it feel like, have you been doing media? Like are we the first to say you're an NBA champ? I mean, right after the game you heard it a couple times, but I mean now y'all the next day. Definitely the first For sure. Yeah. So, so you win, let, let's talk game seven. You win game seven, everything's happening. Did you ever, in your wildest imagination be like, I'm gonna someday win an NBA title and then my son is gonna go viral for sleeping?


Oh yeah. Wait, he's awake actually right now. Oh, Okay. Oh, this good. He's finally to get awake. We'll give him a little, little cameo. Right. Can you break the news to him that dad's a champion? He didn't, he could care less. All he wanted to do was go home and listen to Elmo. He didn't care about anything about the NBA championship. So That's hilarious. It was awesome moment. Wait, how old is he? He's one, he just turned one. Okay, because I had your back in the moment. 'cause I, I have three kids. I was like, dude, they sleep when they sleep. Like this is actually a good thing. You just, you know, when they're, when they're ready to sleep, just let 'em sleep. Yeah, that was, it was amazing. I mean, I, I need, I might need like the arena, the sound now for, for the crib because he was dead asleep.


Like he doesn't even sleep that good at home. So I'm like, I need to figure this out or something. But it was an amazing moment and now he's up, up, There we go. Yeah. The moment when, I think Shay was the one who like tried to pick up his head a little, was very funny. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I was very bad multitasking. She was asking questions, his head was falling to the side. But I have great teammates who help me with my father and every now and then, so it was, it was good. Yeah. I love that. So, so what happens after you guys win? What was last night like for you guys? I mean, first of all, you just feel the, the great emotions. I mean, I think just as a group you're with these guys probably more than your family. So just kind of experiencing that together was something truly amazing.


And then after that we went to, we tried to do this champagne, whatever's called party, but no one knew how to do it. Like we were all trying to figure out, and a CU was trying to explain to us how to do it. So it was probably the worst champagne shower probably in NBA history. But we had fun with that for sure. I love that your team's so young and then you're like, Hey, unc, Alex Caruso, who's, how old is he? He's like, oh yeah, he's 30. Yeah. The old man on the team. Yeah. Like you're the only one who knows how to open up a bottle of champagne. Yeah. The crazy thing is, I think it was like for like three people, it was like the first time they even drank alcohol.


Oh, that's, that is nuts. That is crazy. Did they get, did they get hammered? First timers? I mean, yeah. Yes. Some guys got a little, got a little fun last night. But they, they earned it for sure. Yeah. Yeah. In terms of the actual game, it was weird because obviously the Halliburton injury happens and it kind of takes a little of the air out of the, out of like the whole game. Seven. Did you feel it like affect your side as well? Because you guys were down at half where it was like, not, not so much like that you're feeling bad for him, but it's just kind of weird. You, you plan on playing this guy who's been incredible and had this insane run and then he is out for the rest of the game and you're like, all right, what are we doing here? We got TJ McConnell now for extended minutes.


Did did it feel like weird after he went down? I mean, first of all, like my prayers just go out to him. I think having an injury like that is always something sad to see. He's, he was amazing all playoffs. But I think for us it was kind of just getting back to, I mean, yeah, you never wanna see it, but we were trying to get back to zero. I mean, that's been our kind of model all season to get back to that zero zero mentality. And yeah. Even with Dalton had a great team. I mean, TJ McCollum was, felt like Michael Jordan had something, right? He, he, he would've some stretches where he was going. I mean, he was really impressive, his whole Playoffs.


But yeah, we just wanted to make sure that we just stayed locked in and Yeah. And, and got it done. Yeah. Can you take me back to last year, July 1st, 2024, when you decided that you were gonna sign with the Thunder? Yeah. And what was going through your head, why you made that decision? Did things play out the way that you thought they would or was there, you know, you thought that it was the right place for you to be, but maybe even you were surprised with how this year went? I think I was more surprised. I mean, you always saw the culture from the outside. Like you saw that Sam Prety always built a great culture with the, with the thunder. But then really being in it to see how amazing the culture really is, we really just have to focus on basketball here.


And I think he's done a great job just building that out. And so now being here, winning a championship, I mean, it was always a goal, but it's never promised. And so, yeah, I mean for me it worked out perfectly. Yeah, it worked, it worked out perfectly. Yeah. There, there was a take when you, when you decided to sign with the Oklahoma City, this is from Nick Central that posted this in reaction to the news, Welp, Isaiah Hartenstein went for the short-term money and not for the chance to win a championship at NYC and be a legend for eternity and have long-term money enjoy irrelevance. Are you enjoying irrelevance? Yeah, it feels pretty good. Like the champagne, it feels the, the confetti coming down, holding a trophy, it feels pretty good.


But I, I got love for my next people man. They're so passionate. They love, they love, they're so good for basketball. So I'll, I'll take, I'll take that comment and I'll take my, my ring in a couple, couple months too, so. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. But The Thunder have some incredible fans as well. Do you, at any point during the season, did you see Thunder out there with his shirt off and his belly painted? Because I feel like this is partially his championship too, and pretty much everyone who put on a shirt, anyone who puts on a shirt, I I, you know, in in your guys' arena, like they won this championship as well. Yeah, I mean, I saw him, the first time I saw him was he had his shirt off in Summer League.


Like he was ready to go in Summer league. I was like, what on here? But they're amazing, man. The, the community is so behind us and they give us a push every game. I mean, every game, every home game, everyone's wearing a shirt. It could be an 80-year-old person or it could be a 4-year-old. No one cares. They were wearing a shirt. And I think it just gave us really a boost, especially at home. I think our home record was in the playoffs was like 12 and two or something like that. Yeah, Yeah. And the two were just insane like losses at the end. It was the Nuggets and the Pacers.


Yeah. Yeah. It was crazy. I mean, Aaron boy was, he had a crazy game, game winner, Halla Burn, crazy game winner. But yeah, our fans are amazing and yeah, So you lose game one kind of a crazy comeback. That's what the Pacers have been doing. All postseason. Was that, could you spins on that and say it was actually a good thing we lost game one because it shocked us and it made us ready to, to play for full game for every single other game that we had against them. I Mean, we kind of, we kind of knew, knew it coming into it. I mean, they, they were doing it all playoffs. I mean the, the comebacks they've had, I mean, you would watch 'em and you would, I don't, like, I don't even know how they came back from that.


So we also kind of knew it. But yeah, I mean it kind of helped us for sure. I mean, I think just the, that was kind of mentality throughout these playoffs, I mean, throughout the series is how can we stay locked in 48 minutes? They're a great team. And even when you feel like the game's, you have control of the game, they can come back just with their pace and the, and the way they play. And so, yeah. Yeah. I got a basketball question for you. So in these playoffs, especially in these finals, you went from starting to, to coming off the bench for a, for, for a few of the games to start the series. How hard is that as a player to be like, I'm now starting the game on the bench.


Was, and its credit to you, like, it felt like the thunder had that to of team chemistry where guys can be interchangeable, guys can play different amount of min minutes, but is that difficult to be like, all right, I'm used to starting and now I'm gonna have to come off the bench in like these high leverage situations? Yeah, I think if you wanna win you have to sacrifice. And so I think knowing that I was able to put my ego aside and I trust Mark fully. I mean Mark Mark's been great for us all season. I trust the decisions he's making. So it's, it's more, I just want to win so bad. And if it's me playing one minute, me playing 40 minutes to me doesn't matter.


I think just, I mean if you look at our whole team, each series someone else sacrificed. And so I think that's what made us special again. And it was no egos involved. No one was in the locker room pouting because he played, let's say 10 less minutes in the series before it was how can I help the team win? And I think that that's what also makes us so connected to, Yeah. If you played one-on-one verse Lou Dort, are you scoring a point? Yeah. Are you sure? Yeah. Lou Dort would probably lock you down. No, yeah, no, that's light Dort. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, that's light.


But I feel like Lou dot, he doesn't get enough credit in your whole team. Like Yeah. Can you feel, when you guys were playing at your highest level, the defense was just so insane. Yeah. Would you, would you like look at each other and say like, Hey, we got them now. Like, we know what like, because 'cause it was, it was like demoralizing to watch what you would do to other teams where it's not always the offense, it's just like you're so suffocating, hands everywhere, loose balls, all that stuff. Where could you feel like you taking the will of other teams during the season? Yeah, I mean I think there was times throughout the season where, I mean, even throughout the playoffs where we weren't shooting good, but we knew we could rely on our defense.


And I think for us it's special that we, to me, I don't think we really had a weak link on defense. I mean, even Shay's a great defender to me. So it's like when you have five guys on the court at all times. I mean, when Lou Lou do comes out, you have Alex Caruso, Casey Wallace, and so probably as the guards, every time they look to the bench or see someone get subbed in they call like, oh damn, he's coming in. Damn another one. So it's, I think something that really made us throughout the year. 'cause we always had that, that energy is always someone coming in. And I've probably never played on a team where top to bottom, we all had great defenders.


Yeah. Just wave after wave of guys. I got a dumb question for you. Have you ever thought about talking to SGA and being like, Hey man, maybe you shouldn't sign 500 autographs before a game. That might be too many autographs. I, I saw that video. The NBA posted it. Yeah. And like there was like a ticker. I'm like, I would be exhausted. Yeah. Yeah. Or like, I mean, he's a great dude, like just to do that. Like he's so humble and then like he's so connected to the fans, but like I got tired watching it. I'm like, but I don't know. He has, I guess, stamina for days. My hand would've been cramping by probably like 200. Yeah. Yeah.


It was crazy. Yeah. For like, actually on a serious level, I think that my hand would be too injured to play basketball if I had to write my name. Yeah. 500 times. Yeah. Yeah. That would've, I mean, if he would've went to our dark, say, Hey doc, I can't play. I just strained my hand signing autographs. I think, I think people would be pissed around the organization for sure. Dumb question because it happened before the game, but were you aware of the video that was going around about the buses being painted for the championship parade? Because obviously that's something that we're sitting here on our phone being like, uhoh, this is a problem. Did you guys, did anyone in the locker room see that video? I mean, I saw it, but I feel like they have to do it like before probably Indiana, they're probably doing the same thing.


Yes. So our, our busing just got leaked and so, right, Right. I mean it wasn't like they were gonna do it like a day before and try to do it fast as possible. So it was probably, they were, both teams were doing it, but our teams just got leaked. But I mean, I don't know. Yeah. You can't have it leaked because I gotta take care of that in-house. Yeah, you can't, you can't. 'cause you're right, like did you have to make the plans? But was there ever, did, did anyone talk about it before the game? Like, Hey, look at this. This was like, we're getting a little ahead of ourselves. No, we didn't really, I mean, we were just focused on the game. I mean, you have enough emotions going into game seven, that kind of stuff like that, you just kind of push to the side, so, yeah. Yeah. So what, what were the emotions that you were feeling before that game?


I mean, just human nature. You have a certain nervousness to you 'cause you know how drastic of a change it would be. I mean, if you win, you're in the happiest. I mean, I'm like grateful beyond measures, happy beyond measures. But if you lose, I mean, I told my wife, I'm like, if we look like if this goes the other way, I might be in my room for three weeks not talking to you, depressing my room. So it's really like those two big different sways about it. So you have that nervousness to you. But I think the pressure is also a privilege. You grow up wanting to play in these high state games.


And so that's kind of where I got back to being more calm. Just noticing that the press, the pressure is a privilege. How many, how many times did you go to the bathroom before the game? I would go to the bathroom a hundred times before the game. I ain't gonna lie, I went like five times. Yeah, Yeah. You're like, oh, I don't have no piss left. But I still gotta do it. I'd be the other way. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, do both, but like, you know, like when you have that like nervousness, like I'm gonna just go check if I have to piss again. Yeah. It was good. It's a couple morning usually for sure. Yeah. Yeah. That's just human nature. Was there anyone who was just like, living in the bathroom? Please don't tell me it was Alex Bruso. Oh. I mean I didn't really track that. Okay. So I wasn't really, I wasn't really following everything to the bathroom.


So I'll, I'll ask my teammates after you get, get back to that. Well, I feel like chat chat Was probably, yeah. You, you didn't have to track it. Just like, did you see anyone more than once where you're like, you're going five times as you see anyone like, oh, here we are again. Hello. No, not really. I might've been the most thing 'cause I was kind of by myself a lot, so I might have, I, I might've been, I might've been up there. Yeah. But you know, acs, old bladder, he might've been Little Fast too. He's got some kidney stones he's gotta pass. Yeah. Did you guys, did you guys talk at all about, there was a play, I think it was maybe game five when Alex Cruso was a friend of ours. He was, he basically was trying to swim on the floor to get a loose ball and he looked psychotic.


Did you, did anyone make fun of him after that? I mean, we're used to it. He's a psychopath. So we, but we're used, I mean, he is amazing, man. I mean, the passion he has for the game, the grit and hustle he plays with plays all playoffs. He's made huge plays and yeah, for us, he's, he's been amazing. He's been the old, the old guy for us, the bald guy for us. And yeah, he, he keeps his head shining for sure. Yeah. Alright, so now that you get to actually plan the parade and you get to use those very beautiful buses that you guys painted like five months ago. Yeah. Who's gonna be in charge on your team? Who's, who's the guy that's gonna be like the social director being like, Hey, we're gonna meet up here, here's where we're gonna pregame.


How's that gonna get pulled together? I mean, most of us are recovering right now. I mean, a couple guys are trying to, trying to survive right now. Jay, Jay will is most the most social guy probably. So Jay will probably is gonna be the guy to get everything started and yeah. And then after that, I don't know. I mean, I don't even know what's going on, to be honest. Yes. He said, Jay said, show up at eight 30 and, and I guess we're just gonna figure it out from there. So I don't know. So it was a group chat this morning. It was like three guys being like, I am so fucking hungover. Right now's Yeah. Never drinking again. This, unless we win another championship, I'm never drinking again.


That was the whole group chat, said, I'm done drinking. I hate alcohol. Yeah. That was the whole group trip this morning. I have one more question about the series. We, we mentioned him, TJ McConnell. Was there moments where you're like, how the hell is this guy doing this? I'm like a foot taller than him and he would just dribble around like underneath everyone and around and just like, he, he, he had such a impact on the series and it was crazy to watch. Yeah, it was, I felt like he just played like a mad man out there. It was like mean, like you would watch it, he'd be like, how is he doing this at times? And then you would go defend him and he'd be like, oh, oh, okay. I get it. I get, I get it is not as easy as I thought it was.


Like there's, there'd be sometimes like I'll watch players. I'm like, how does he get by him the whole time? And then when you really get on him, it's, it's a different ball game. But he was amazing. I mean even defensively he had like, I think it was one away game. He had like five steals off the inbound. Yeah. Like I don't know how we, like we watched his family, like how did we turn these balls over? But I don't know, he, he was amazing. A lot of respect in him and, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, it was, it was impressive. You guys were a great team all season. Was there a point during the season where you thought, yeah, this could be, we could definitely win a championship with a squad? I mean I think we had confidence from the beginning, but I think when we went on that, I think it was like 15 game winning streak, I think that's when we were like, Hey, we have a good chance.


We were beating teams I feel like, by like 20 every night. And I think that's when we like kind of looked at each other like, hey, we got a chance to really do it. But we also have very like present focused team, so we never try to get too far ahead. And I think that's what made us great all season. Mark talks about having that zero zero mentality. And so for us just being present throughout the season, I think that helped a lot. Yeah. Is it easy to keep the zero zero mentality? Like hypothetically if you're beating the Memphis Grizzlies by like 60 points, is he still like, Hey guys, it's zero zero? Yeah, he is a, he's like, he's like one of them psychopath coaches who's who like shows us like animals before we play like animals hunting and stuff like that.


So he is definitely, he's definitely one of the guys, if we're up by 60, we got that zero zero mentality. I Like that. I love that.


Alright, well Isaiah, I have one last question. It's the Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com. Promo code take, I got a staff for you that's gonna probably wow you from this season. You ready for it? Yes. Good. You gave SGA 2,475 high fives at the free throw line this year. That real sta No, I made that up. Oh good. There's no fucking way. That's a real estate. I was like, whoever's tracking that has no life.


Did you Ever at home got their like, little piece of paper is like all one? Yeah. Dude has no life. Did you ever skip any, did you ever do or you always, are you always giving 'em out? No, I make sure I make sure my hands always out there. I mean, Okay. I would say that you Want, you want the ball every now and then, so you can't, you know, can't get him too bad. That's more impressive than him signing 500 autographs. Yeah, your hands should be exhausted at the end of this Year. I know they should like count how many times that we be clapping and stuff like that. That shouldn't be exhausted too. That's, that's wearing tear man. That counts. Yeah. Well, Isaiah, congrats again man. Awesome. Awesome season. Incredible accomplishment.


You guys were, I mean, second most wins all time of a championship team in a season hell of a team. So congrats and have fun at the parade. Thank you. Appreciate y'all.


Okay, before we get to FAQs in basketball, the great players don't just do it alone. They have teammates, coaches, and a solid support system behind them. It's kind of like insurance because let's face it, a lot of us probably aren't great at doing that alone either. And that's where State Farm comes in. State Farm is a teammate always ready to assist, help you find the coverage you need and help you recover from the unexpected, from Fender benders to storm damage or even just a question about your policy. State Farm is there to help provide an assist when you need it through the State Farm mobile app. A network of 19,000 local agents and online@statefarm.com. So don't just go at it alone when you need help protecting what matters most. State Farm is there. State Farm with the assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Okay, Hank, let's wrap it up with FAQs. Do you guys have a, do you guys have big numbers outside the us? I'm a listener from Brazil and I'm curious about it. American sports are pretty global these days. Oh, When you comment you say J-A-J-A-J-A-J-A when something's funny. Ja ja, ja, ja, ja, ja. That always seems funnier. What do, does anyone know the answer to that? We have some Australian, European, I feel like Indian maybe I'm just making up. I feel like we had a lot of Netherlands for some reason. I think we have a lot of English, British, Definitely a lot of Australian, Some Irish, a lot of sound off Australia. You're From, from abroad. Yeah. I love it. I think number two in Canada for Sports Canada.


Let's go Canada. C Chiclets number one our guys. Yep. Yep. We love them. What About Italy? How the Italian numbers Gotta be strong? I mean, all the soccer talk. Yeah, We get Rick Petino on All the soccer talk, all the meatball talk. Mount Rushmore season probably blows up there. Yeah, Yeah. I don't know what our, what our strongest countries. It would be Interest to see. I think it's Australia. I'm pretty Pretty sure it's Australia. Good eye. I that makes me feel good because Australians rule, like that's, if they like us Jason and die, I, I feel like we're doing something right. Yeah. Australians are the best. Yeah. And it Mean Woo. Totally Isn't just people from America who live there. No, it's criminals from England. Yeah. It's, it's totally, it's, It's actually all the people that were, that were so cool that they got kicked out of England when it sucked.


Yeah. Alright. He's looking right now. We're not, we're okay in a Australia maybe. What's the number one sports? You're scrolling a lot in Australia. There's a lot of scrolling We gotta get Yeah, I mean the kangaroo jacket. All right. We gotta get, we gotta get bigger in Australia. Number one podcast is Dan does footy. Oh, love that. That's awesome. We should get Dan Dutch footy On here. We should get them On. Yeah. Yeah. Danez footy. Little crossover. Probably Aussie rules footy. Maybe Go mag up the mag pies. Okay. Hey there. Oh, Monaco, You're huge.


Monaco No s Oh for Mount Rushmore. Monaco Would've been a good One. Yeah, I mean you, you said that Michelin started restaurants didn't make the cut. Yeah. Monaco is like the, the city Equipment that I agree. But it's just a bunch of casinos and like It does rock. I was just people in the world, Monaco. Yeah. Actually we should try Miami. We should try to grow our audience in Monaco. Yeah, we should. I think that'd be a good idea. Maybe, maybe would've Been Week remote broadcast on site. Yeah. Hey there, Big Cat, PFT and Soul Patch. Max wants a soul patch guy. Always a soul patch guy. Big Cat. It seems you've reached a point of Nirvana now that you have a softer machine, what is the next goal for the office Slide?


We need a slide. We need a slide from the second floor to the first floor. You don't want I Did you see that? Look, I mean, I wouldn't poo with slide. Did you see that? Look, I yuck. Another man's yum. Did you see that? Look, he didn't wanna, I mean that was talked about in, in construction designs. Yeah, I know. And I, I'm now, I'm now ready for a slide that makes no sense. Batting cage. Batting cage is, but we need more space for batting Cage. I know, but I I I I'll forever say batting cage. Oh yeah. I mean, if we get more space, batting cage is one, one gonna happen. We have so many baseball guys coming in now. It would be, It would, batting Cage would Be so sick. Batting cage would be sick. What do you think they would, do you think they would like let you pitch batting practice to him? I mean, I think they said so I, I don't, I don't know what, should I say it again?


Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah. They were here. Yeah. Yeah. Merri Kelly said he would, he said we gotta try that. Yeah. During the interview. Yeah. Okay. Slide though. You I still think Gravitron, I actually saw a graviton for sale for $70,000. Yeah. If we could find the space Practically giving it away. You wouldn't like a slide from the second floor all the way to the first floor. You wouldn't slide down that Slide. It's not a, it doesn't make logistical sense. What do You mean? You, there's, There'd be no Room stairs suck. Slides Are off, but it would just take up a lot of space. How would it take up a lot of space? Where Would it end? It would end right in front of the golf simulator. That's a long slide. So If we had one like the, I'll get scared to break it.


The, the slide that the cop went down in Boston. Yeah, that would be fun. That would be fun. Like a risk reward slide. Yeah. Okay. We could figure that out. What About a fireman's pole? That sounds dangerous. Yeah, that does sound dangerous. Okay, so you're out on the slide. That idea, I think if we get a slide, we should have a ladder. Actually no, I'm in You, you're in on a slide now. Yeah. Why? Because otherwise you're gonna get one. You're smart. But think about it. If you had a choice of how to get to the second floor and your options were stairs or a ladder that just goes up to that balcony. I think I take the ladder every time. I'd probably take the ladder. Yeah. And I would definitely take the slide. Yeah. If you're going down up, I'd probably walk up the slide every now and then. Just for fun.


We have an elevator. You don't have to use the stairs. It's Slow, but you have to go all the in the corner for It. I take it every day. It's slow. The problem with the elevator is you have to walk so much further to the elevator. You might as well take the stairs. So then what's the next thing, Hank? I don't know. I mean, Ice cream kind of was the, it is the dog chasing the car caught it. Ball pit, Batting cage ball pit batting cage. But batting cages again. Batting cages are not like, do we want it or not? We want it. We just don't have the space for it. I know, I know. We have the space For it. We'd have a batting cage tomorrow. I, I understand. But they asked what's what's the dream? That's the dream at least for me. Okay. That's the dream. Okay. Shooting range.


Shooting range would be interesting. I I wouldn't be opposed Bowling lane. Bowling lane would be awesome if we could bowl. Holy shit. That's a great idea. That's a good one hand. That's a really Good one. I guarantee that would break twice a day. Oh Yeah. Well, we would just have Zach Pin boys. Zach just becomes a mechanic. Is that something office you could do, Zach, That would take more time to master than the ice cream game? For sure. Way more time. What is everyone's top four sports by ability? Max mentioned basketball isn't even in his top 10 and he still hit that three in Hank's eye. That's not true. No. That was in your eye. The video, the video showed It was in your eye. He beat you. I, I don't know. I don't know if we need to do four because it falls off a Cliff.


Yeah. See the thing is like all of our fourth best sports are very, very bad. Yeah. Spike ball, I would say basketball, wiffle ball. Golf or softball. And the golf's not there for me. Swimming. I'm a good swimmer. B people were getting at me for the bar stool camp. They were like, oh, didn't you almost die swimming? It's like, dude, I, I went too fast for my body. Like figure it out. My body went to a higher level. You're a good dart Thrower. Darts Decent dart thrower. Pole vaulting. Yeah. Good Frisbee. Golf. Yeah. Yeah. It's not great. What about you PFTI Think is this like what you're good at relative to other people By your ability?


Top four sports by ability. Like if you, you, you, the top four sports, you'd feel confident be like, yeah, I could do this. Rugby Would probably be number one. Foot golf. I'm a very strong foot golfer. I played once, but I feel like I'm, I could be good at that. Okay. Kicking, kicking footballs That counts. Yep. Yeah. Being a kicker. And then, I don't know. Golf. Yeah. Mindset. Golf Is, golf is actually number one. Yep. Yep. Could I throw out there just like catch Good Job coach. I'm very good at catch, good hand-eye coordination. But I, I could play catch forever and I'm like, I'll, I'll throw it to where it needs to be. I'll catch it. Yeah. Like shooting around. I just catch is catch is pretty simple.


There are a lot of people who are not good catch match. Yes, That is true. You Know, You have to have a nice smooth skill. You know, the people who aren't gonna catch. It's like, all right, I don't wanna play catch with you anymore. Yeah. I'm great at shooting around. Like, I'm not great at basketball, but like, I'm not great at basketball either. But if I had to pick like what, like a game, I could like jump into a game. It'd be basketball. Zach, what are yours? I hate to say it. My strongest sport probably is basketball. And I'm not very good at basketball. Oh no. Oh no. I'm okay at pickleball. Duos one V one. Not very good. We're doing duos on the pickleball court. Relatively decent. I'm, I'm okay with a dink. And then I like darts. If we're, if dart, if darts plays, I'll go darts three. Okay. Hank, you said ping pong.


Ping pong bocce. Max. Are you baseball? Baseball, fishing, football. Not fishing. Basketball. Basketball. Darts like fishing Crashing. Dana. Yeah, in Oklahoma. Drills that Count. That that counts. I'm like bad at most things. Football, but I'm, but I mean good in the trenches. Yeah. You could just select Oklahoma drills. Yeah. Yeah. I'd say you're like top 1%. Yeah. Yeah. It's just the, the, the sports that I played growing up. Memes, lacrosse. Yeah, lacrosse. Indoor outdoor. Oh, both. Both. Box box women's. I like playing basketball the most. Oh, I guess I would.


Women's arm wrestling. I'm a champion. Oh yeah. So that would be, I, I need to start sending that clip to people online being like, this is why we can't have men competing in women's sports from 10 years Ago. Or just tweet it like, you're like a girl's name has won. Yeah. The Competition go viral. A p last To Jack M Jack Mack put it out there. So good. My favorite long running bit of the show is the good. Great. Good question. Back and forth between Big Cat and PFT. Good Question. Good question. During interviews, have you ever thought about incorporating this into a year long competition? Whoever gets the most, that's a good question. Responses from guests during the year of interviews.


Wins. Loser has to do something. Thanks and love the show. I Think that would be like a, a decent thing for somebody to track, but I don't wanna make it a competition. No, it's it's about gassing each other up. Yeah. It's about gassing our boys up. It's about letting, letting the other person know that it was a great question. Not at all. Just the person stalling for time before they asked the question. It's also like, you know, it's like the Carlisle saying they had motivation after seeing the, the buses. Like you don't need motivations to, to wanna have a good question. Also, if we have an interview and PFT gets a bunch of good questions, that's awesome because that means the interview rocked. Yeah. And like the listeners, like, we, we are a team As much as Mount Rushmore will show, otherwise, we are a team. I'm pumped when he gets a good question, when we get back to back.


Good questions. Something, nothing makes me happy. I hit another level. I feel like I'm just like, holy shit, we're fucking Firing. I feel like I'm Dwayne Wade throwing the ball up to the LeBron. Good question. Good question. Yeah. And again, that Was a good question by her, by You're, you're right. It has nothing to do with the person stalling. No, they're, they, they know exactly how they're gonna answer. They just wanna let us know. Wow. I'm, I'm just really impressed with how you guys do your job. Before I answer that question. Yeah. Now to answer it. Now when someone says, oh, great question. That usually is a stall. Yeah, that's a stall. You can tell, but good question. That's as, that's just sincere as possible. Yeah. They just Wanna let us know. Yeah. Is that it? Yeah. All right. Good. Show boys. Thanks For pulling that up. Zach. Yeah, That's us in an interview right there. That Was Max.


Great Job. Max. There to go, max. Alright, numbers three. I think that was memes. 99 Memes. Is that you? Yeah. You sure? 99. Pug. I'll Go six, I'll go 15. I I wasn't paying attention to any, anyone else's numbers. You'll Go 84. Okay. Zach? I'll Go 46. Did somebody say six? Okay. I wanna make sure all means 69 means that was 99.


That would've been, is that in your, is that in your rotation? Memes? 69 mouth stuff? It should be. It should be mouth stuff. It should be, I remember the first lottery ball, it went like 69. 69. Like the first lottery ball. You let me pick it. It was 69 and you guys told me I should, I should have picked 69. Nobody's really won since we all started taking memes as numbers just to troll 'em. Have you noticed that? No, I won the other. Remember I won the DR? Yeah. Yeah. It's not hard memes. All you gotta do is pick the number and then have the number come up. That makes sense. Love you guys. Try.