(0s):
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube? Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have a two for, for the people. Scottie Scheffler, ever heard of him? Best golfer in the world on the show. Wrapping up his season. We also talked to Northern Illinois head coach Thomas Hammock. Awesome. Talk with him about his big upset win against Notre Dame. We're gonna talk some College Football. We've got FAQs, Hot Seat, cool Throne

(35s):
And. We're gonna talk about some Monday night football. There's some tension in the air, and it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. TD Tudy taking it to the house in for six, whatever you call a touchdown One thing. s for sure. touchdowns matter more at DraftKings. Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or defense. We don't care how they score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and DraftKings. Sportsbook is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet Try betting on something simple like a player To. score a touchdown. Go to the DraftKings Sports Book app and make your bet today Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new DraftKings customers bet $5 to get two 50 in Bonus bets instantly and get one month of NFL plus premium. I'm gonna take Josh Allen on Thursday night. That guy scores touchdowns. So download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get two 50 in bonus bets. when you bet Just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft ball, NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.

(2m 13s):
Okay, let's go Football. My take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get two 50 in bonus bets. when you bet Just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, September 11th and the New York Jets still have a quarterback.

(2m 57s):
Yes, he survived. He survived. He Survived. Memes was offline yesterday and, and off the thread and This Morning and just not existing. I think memes just came back to life about an hour ago. I don't even think he's back to life. I don't even know. He seems What, what's going on? Memes in the back there. You, you you had some choice words for us. You, you resigned. I'm physically here. Physically here. So memes, you lost a lot of, A lot of greats have resigned by using a napkin from the New York Jets. Yes. Yeah. As in Ed memes. You lost one game. What's up? Ah, the defense looks so bad. So Bad. So you're Oh no, it did chimed in.

(3m 37s):
He is right. He chimed in memes. This is, if this, if you take this one loss like this, the way you reacted was a playoff loss. You, you went, you, you took yourself off the, the, the group chat. You didn't show up till work till one o'clock. It's One loss. I also, I I deleted everything off my phone too. What? It's one loss. Please Wait. What. do you mean you deleted everything off your phone? I, all I have is my bank app and the, and the Roku app for my tv. And this Is wild beam. Every, Everything's gone because this, this reaction is what? I could understand it if it was last year's game. Yeah. This is, this is a delayed reaction. You should have done this last year and then flip flopped and done Last year's reaction this year or Or a, or a Super Bowl loss is how you're acting right now.

(4m 19s):
You lost one game. If you look at the jet schedule, it going off of last night, the, the two biggest takeaways I had was the 49 ERs are still fucking awesome. And Aaron Rogers well limited running. Like he, he doesn't have the same mobility. His arm is still there. Yeah. Aaron Rodgers is the best. Well, he is not because he, he definitely is not the Best. He also, did you notice that he didn't throw it to the right at all? Yeah. His arm, his, his mobility is like, he's, he's looking like, did you, did You see his pass chart though? Yeah. His pass chart is just all the left side of the field. He Hasn't played in two years. I don't think he can. I he can't move. He doesn't see, right. Yeah, but he can he can throw still. Yeah, he can still rip it. So why, why is this loss so hurtful to you when again, like PFT said last year should have been way worse.

(5m 8s):
I mean, we waited all this time. Our defense was supposed to be really, really, really, really good. It's week one. You're gonna get Hassan Reddick back, right? I don't Know. Yeah. I don't think so. On a day like today, especially, there could be a lot worse news involving the Jets. Yes. That's a fact. I Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Okay. Perspective. What will You do if they lose like A playoff game? Yeah. I don't know. Mees, I, I don't think, I don't think memes is capable of handling even an eight, nine season at this point. Which is shocking because Aren't you used to This though? Yes. No, but memes, how old are you? 29. Oh, Okay. Nevermind. Yeah, he should Be memes. It, it's shocking. Don't you haven't learned in, in seasons past that you're gonna have some bumps in the road.

(5m 51s):
What Is going on? I don't understand being sad, which I get sad. I mean, well, not to, I don't understand what it's like being owned one Max Hank. You guys agree? That is actually unfathomably sad, but I I get sad after I don't delete everything on my phone. Yeah, that was probably a mistake. But Memes, you guys are playing the Titans next week. You have the Patriots. Broncos. Vikings in the next four weeks. Those are all winnable games. Also Kinda Losable also. Losable. Good point, Hank. It's true. The can't, I mean, they Can't stop anything. They can't, they couldn't. The Defense looks so bad.

(6m 32s):
Every play was like, Look bad. You guys need a pass rusher. Yeah. If there's one out there that's available. But I asked Max during the game, he said Hasan Reddick's not good against the rush. Oh. And and also why did Sauce Gardner come off the field for a while? I believe it was his head. Oh, his head sleeves look great though. Maybe sleeve. He's addicted to golf. Can you tell me that's going around? Yeah, it does make you miss a lot of work. I know that. What's the deal with the sleeves? What Sleeves? Well, Aaron Rogers had like the, you know, the standard floppy quarterback sleeves sauce had some floppy sleeves. Garrett Wilson. Garrett Wilson had some floppy sleeves. What's going on with that? I don't know. I think it looks clean Memes. Can I give you something that will make you cheer, cheer you up? Sure.

(7m 12s):
Because this is, this is sad. It is week one. It's dramatic is what it is. It's very dramatic. It's, it's not even sad. It's dramatic. It's week one. He being Dramatic. He's a messy bitch. It's week one. And, and the biggest thing about this game was get Aaron Rogers through this game. Healthy and hope his arm is still his arm. And. it is. So that's good. But, and you're playing the 49 ERs. The 49 ERs been in like six Super Bowls in the last 10 years or what? I don't know what the status is, But Yeah. But now with, now with Jordan Mason running back. Yeah. Jordan Mason was Carved You up. We'll get, we'll get to the Jordan Mason. We gotta talk about that meme. Memes got nasty on the group chat. I, I said you, You started it. What? You started? Yeah. I said Jet stinks and, but then I You said it's Game one guy, which I agree.

(7m 52s):
It's game one. And then you said Kale Williams Looks like Zach Wilson. That was very nasty. That was me. That was nasty work. You wanna apologize for that memes? I apologize. I don't, I don't need your apology. You were, you were right to say anything you wanted to say in that moment, But you are being very dramatic right now. I can't, you're right. We can't have this happen after every week. I Just, you just can't. I I would, I I'm a hundred percent with you. If this was your reaction in a like, end of season year last year or end of season playoff game like this is, I would be like, memes take a couple days off. That sucks. It's week one. No. What are we, what the fuck are we talking about? Take a couple days off after a loss. That's true. I the amount of times you've gotta be sit in fucking chair 30 seconds after Heartbreaking loss.

(8m 36s):
Those moments Are always after I act like a bitch and I get killed for it. It's Yeah, you're right. No, it does. He doesn't talk No. Mean I'm not killing you for it. I I just think that it's unusual that it happened after a pretty standard loss. Yeah. Like the Niners are really good. Dude. They were okay. We looked So good in the first quarter. I think he thinks that. I, I think the problem is, I think he thought the Jets were like, like day one best team in the NFL. Yeah. I think that's what the defense looks so bad. Yeah. You, you might also have early onset Fleming. Yeah. I watched this game with memes. Oh yeah. Please tell us. I watched it with him and our other jets. Jets fan in the Chicago office.

(9m 18s):
Tom Lay after the drive that Aaron Rogers took the team down the field, they legitimately looked at each other and said, this is the best moment of my entire life. Like, like they were legitimately talking about other good moments in their life. Oh. Like different milestones in their personal life. And they were like, I think this feeling right now feels better than anything else. That's it. It, it wasn't like a hyperbole. They were comparing it to other moments. And What was the score at that point? Seven six? We were Going, I love it. We were going to the Super Bowl. I love it. Memes. That's how you gotta ride the rollercoaster. But now the rollercoaster, you gotta, you gotta come back to earth And it. Come back to, to the show you quit.

(9m 59s):
Yeah. I, so I watched the game with Hank. I took in a DirecTV refugee. That's nice. You came over. Good for you. We had a great time. Also, Hank explained to me that I accidentally just paid for like six different cable packages. Oh yeah. I didn't realize I have full YouTube tv. Yeah. And cable. Yeah. Same. Whoops. Yeah, I got, I got that too. I Thought it was just through my cable that I got YouTube TV and Hank's like, no dude, you're just double paying for It. Yeah. Yeah. I do that too. I I, if you gave me like a technology audit, I'm probably pissing away. $600 a month. Yeah. No, it, it was bad.

(10m 39s):
Lovely house though. I got, thank you. I got the full tour. Yes. It it, it was like a, like one of those children's books in like a doctor's office where you're like trying to spot something. And. it was just like spot the TV in this room. Yeah. In every room. Yeah. There's A lot, lot of TVs. Every room has a lot of TVs. Were the snacks good enough for Hank? Was he okay? He he's on a, he, I, I said what before he came over. I was like, do you want any snacks? Do you want any food? He's like, I'm healthy. All right. So he didn't even eat. Let's go. I offered him mini Starburst. What'd you have for dinner? Chicken sandwich. Wow. He's been a health guy. But it was great. I, I've, I've took in my DirecTV refugee. I, I did promise that DirecTV would fix it. They did not. So then I had to do the right thing and bring in Hank. I almost bought the YouTube TV and, and did the double cable packages.

(11m 20s):
But I'm, I'm holding on for one more week. Okay. If, if we go another week, then I might have to, to do it or just cancel my DirecTV. But I was, I was close to doing it. And then you, you texted me and I was, you're like, you wanna come over? I was like, I'm just gonna forget about dealing with this now and And It out. Alright. Well you're welcome to come over next week too. Thank you. I was in Football, I was in a hotel room and then I put it on ESPN And. it said, you can't get the game. They're doing the, the dispute right now with DirecTV and ESPN. And then I was like, shit, I'm on like two pain pills right now. I can't go out to a sports bar and watch the game there. But it was on A, B, C. Ah. So is is the solution just change the channel to a, B, C? No. 'cause that, that's how it started for me on Saturday with the Tennessee game. I was trying to watch the Tennessee game on a, B, C And.

(12m 1s):
it was on A, B, C or SP N'T odd. I don't, I don't Know. They're picking and choosing. I also didn't check last night about that, but Yeah. It wasn't a, yeah, they Probably should Checked and, but maybe, But we had fun. I want, I It was fun having you over. It also might not be on a, b, c in every market. This whole thing is above my pay grade. Yeah. I'm just mad at everyone. I don't understand any of it. I don't at this point. I don't care who's right and who's wrong. Yeah. I'm just making picture. I basically have a apocalypse bunker for cable services no matter what. I'll have it. Yeah. Like when hard knocks went off, guess what? I had it. I had it locked. Had it double pay. That's why you waste all that money every month. Yeah. Is just, just to feel superior over people. Yeah. For that one moment.

(12m 41s):
As for the other part of the game, the Niners did look really good. Jordan Mason was awesome. He, he's been like, I think he had like 5.8 yards per carry in his career. Obviously he's the backup. But like Niners fans know he was, he was the real deal. He did slip up and said afterwards that he knew he was starting since Friday. Fantasy owners are very upset about that. Very upset about that. But I'm sure Florio's gonna have a long piece. Yeah. This is gonna be a federal investigation. Yeah. If if actually this might be what gets Congress to do something, because they were talking last year about the whole Joe Burrow thing when his hand injury wasn't reported correctly. Yeah. You remember that? Yep. But I guarantee you one of these dorks in Congress had Christian McCaffrey on their fantasy team.

(13m 26s):
Yep. And obviously didn't bench him going into the weekend. It personally affected them. Now it's probably like Nancy Pelosi's gonna do a full investigation. Yeah. And we're gonna get to the bottom of it finally. And figure out canons. What's going Ononon. Canons are canons. So he said after the game, Jordan said that he was told on Friday that he was gonna get the start. Yeah. And then Kyle Shanahan said afterwards that he misspoke and he told him on Friday, be ready to get some action on Friday, but not that you're starting on Friday, which we're gonna need you on Friday. Which Nighters did have Christian McCaffrey's. Questionable. Yeah. And that, it's not the worst explanation ever. Like if, if you didn't know if Christian was gonna play, you're gonna be getting a lot of touches.

(14m 8s):
I'm gonna let you know. You better be ready on, on Monday night. I Felt bad for him. 'cause afterwards he was like, I, this is why I don't talk to the media. I mean, he made a mistake slipping up. And now that's the story. When the story should be yet an incredible night. Yeah. He looked awesome. Is this, if we're grasping at straws for Panthers fans to be excited about, is this as close as you've gotten in a long time to having a dub that Christian McCaffrey didn't look as irreplaceable Mm. As some people thought that he was. I was actually thinking the Niners should trade C Christian McCaffrey. It's a system. He's a system running back. Just get more Picks. Yeah. To keep it going. System running back. They Did look awesome. Like they, the Jets defense. Every guy was open. Every single play. Yep. Rock Party didn't even have, like, his numbers weren't crazy, but I thought he played pretty well.

(14m 51s):
He Did. There always seemed to be a guy that was streaking open. Kyle Usch even caught a wheel route. Deep bomb Fullback wheel route. I had him to score 17 to one. That was, that was tough for me. I, me too. Did you take him? I had him with Aaron Rogers Also. I don't wanna jinx it. Just spreading awareness. The field gold bet's hot right now. Yeah. 4.0 right now. The field goals we're, We're field goal kickers are too good. We're 60% No. This last like two and a half years. I Know. But they're like, they're, they're getting to the point where they're just automatic Everywhere. We're 60% and it's always plus money. Yeah. And it's really the only bet that enables me to bet other things in football season. It's the only thing that keeps me afloat. Primetime field goals. And. it all started. 'cause we had a dumb idea that it looks like the ball travels farther at night.

(15m 34s):
And. it does. And it does. Also, my other note from the game was, shout out Ricky Pearsall for wearing the Rolex. That was awesome. Yeah. He was on the sidelines and they were showing him and talking about the fact that he got shot through his heart or through his chest. And the story is obviously that he was mugged looking. you know, the guy was trying to rob him of his Rolex. Had the Rolex on. That's a flex. Yeah. He's gonna be back dog. Also, Zach Wilson got the worst stray of all time when Troy Eman just said, point blank. The Jets have had the worst quarterback play in the history of the league in the last three years. Yeah. That's gotta suck. Sitting there and watching that. Yes. In the history of the league. That's a silver lining.

(16m 14s):
Memes. Yeah, memes. Can you say that that again? He said it wasn't a stat. It was. He's so checked out. Troy been said. The Jets have had the worst quarterback play in the history of the league in the last three years. That's true. Okay. So it's better. So now you don't Now you don't. Congratulations. It's better. Congratulations. And Aaron Rogers. He did not look bad last Night. No, there wasn't Insult graphic though. What was the insult graphic Last year, week one. Zach Wilson's stat line was similar. Oh. And they won. Oh. Oh. But passing yards are down this year. And the huge sample size that we have of one week Memes. Pick yourself up and dust yourself off.

(16m 56s):
You're gonna be fine. Yeah. You're probably right. Yeah, I know. Yeah. I've been in your shoes a million times. You Yeah. It gets bad. And then you gotta get up and be like, Hey, next week's gonna be awesome. I, again, I don't know. I I am one of Oh, so it is hard To talk memes is likes like, rossini's laughing. She's loving this Flores are going crazy. Did you fall asleep thinking about Mike Florio dancing in your head? He didn't Sleep. Mike Florio had a good article this morning. Oh, Oh, okay. About the jets are better. Oh. And one with Aaron Rogers than one and l with Zach Wilson. Yes. There you go. It's not even close. Duh. Wait. You, you needed Florio to tell you that. Yeah.

(17m 36s):
I need some, needed some reassurance. Oh my God. Yes. You are a mental mess man. I'm concerned about you. Seriously. We were legitimately like, he might not show up today. Week one. Okay. Yeah. There was a possibility. Alright, memes. Here's another positive. What, what made you decide to come in? My dad called me a pussy. Ah, Good. Shout out Mr. Memes way to get your boy in into work. Here's another positive memes. Did you cry Last night or today? Yeah. What? No. Wait, was it like a steady stream of tears throughout the entire game? Or was it one play? It was like, fuck this. Oh my God.

(18m 16s):
Oh my God. I mean, no one can question your fandom. No. Yeah. And this is all because you have expectations. Oh. Like imagine if Aaron Rogers had run for vice president. Actually, you would have no expectations and you wouldn't care. Yeah. I also didn't blow up. So that's good. Yeah. Yeah. It's just, you should have seen coming memes. This is the second time that, that Aaron Rogers has lost to Shanahan. That's the actual vice president for RFK. Yeah. There you go. That's a good one. Thank you. I didn't know, I didn't know that person. Yeah. Existed. Max knew. Max is big, big politics guy. Oh yeah. Big, big politics guy over here. Which is, which is left. Which is Right, Right. Is red And Republican. Yep. You go I'll Nev I'll never get that one Wrong. Me memes.

(18m 56s):
Here's another positive three because it's Wednesday. We're gonna talk College. Football. I I I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you my, my top 12. You could stop me whenever you want. PFT when you, when you disagree. But Georgia's my number one team. There we go. Disagree. Georgia's my number one team. Okay. I got Texas. I Have Texas two Georgia's, one. Georgia's my number one team. Texas. Two Ohio State's. Three. Tennessee, Penn State, USC, Miami, Alabama, Ole Miss. Missouri, Iowa State. 'cause they beat Iowa and Northern Illinois. I might flip flop. Penn State and USC. Yeah. Penn State has, I mean the West Virginia at West Virginia, a true road win was pretty impressive.

(19m 38s):
Yeah. But yeah, I mean, and they did, Penn State didn't look great this weekend against Bowling Green, but the big story from the weekend, so we talked about it a little bit, but obviously we're gonna talk about with Thomas Hammock coming on NIU not ending Notre Dame season. But they cannot lose another game. It also is the first time since the AP poll came out that in the, OR since the AP top 25, that the conference has six of the top seven spots. So the SEC has six of the top seven spots. Georgia, Texas, Alabama, Ole Miss, Missouri and Tennessee. And. we get what everyone thought was gonna be the only ranked matchup this weekend.

(20m 18s):
Missouri and bc. Yeah. Everyone expected that. Yeah. BC juggernauts. Yeah. I, I have, so my big winners for the first two weeks are USC and Tennessee in my mind. 'cause I like, I'm not counting Georgia and Texas. 'cause we figured they were gonna be top teams. They, they were the, you know, either the first, second or third odds to win the championship. Well, no, I'm gonna go horns up and say that not everybody thought that Texas was gonna be here. What. Do you mean a lot of people thought that Texas was gonna lose to Michigan? I mean, they were seven and a half point Favorites. Yeah. But I mean, if we, if we go back and talk about Texas' Road. Yeah. But they were, they were pre-season. They were the third favorite to to be a national title. I'm just, maybe, maybe it's a recency bias thing.

(20m 59s):
But the way that they looked against Michigan, the final score, I don't think, does that game justice well, I think Could have been a lot worse. I think Texas is very good. I think Michigan is very bad. Not very bad, but very, like, they're gonna win seven or eight games. They're flawed. I I think they're gonna get, they're in trouble offensively. They're a flawed team. Yeah. But us C and Tennessee were my two teams that I looked at and I was like, before the season people had questions. Us C'S defense looks awesome. Tennessee Nico is the real deal. And they both have had statement wins in the first two weeks. Those are the two teams that like the big climbers in my mind, when you talk about preseason to two weeks In Yeah. Nico looks amazing. Looks they looked amazing against NC State. And who knows, NC State might even compete for the a CCC still.

(21m 40s):
Like they, I don't necessarily write 'em out. The accs kind of garbage. So Dave looks pretty bad. Dave looked bad, but you never know. The a CC hasn't looked great yet. I'm, I'm okay writing 'em off. USC the last game of the season for USC Notre Dame. Right. Yeah. That's, if you're out there saying that Notre Dame is disqualified from the playoff for this loss, that might be a playoff game for Notre Dame. Yeah. Oh yeah. They are in the playoffs if they win the rest of their games until that USC game. Yes. In fact their playoffs start right now. Their Playoffs do start right now. Yeah. Yeah. Purdue and then I think they play Louisville, which they're good. But yeah, that, that will be, and IUSC to me is like, it's just been the question for of if Lincoln Riley ever got a defense, obviously Utah State, you can't judge it all, but they did hold LSU to 20 points and they shut out.

(22m 27s):
Utah State looks like they learned how to tackle. Yeah. They're tackling it, which changes everything. Yeah. It's a pretty big part of football. Yeah. And they didn't do it for a really long time. And It helps your offense too. Big time. The other one was, Oregon has looked Bad. Oregon looks real bad. Yeah. I Where are they right now in the ap? I feel like there's maybe They're like 17. No, what I, I would have them at 17. Oh, you're saying where they are or where you have I would, they're not 17. I would, in the ap I would drop them big time. Yeah. I mean they are two and oh. But they didn't, they needed two special teams touchdowns to beat Boise as 20 point favorites. They struggled with Idaho. I Also really like Boise. I would imagine they're like eighth if I had to guess.

(23m 10s):
What are they? Ninth. Ninth. I really, I really like Boise State. Yeah. They're running back as a beast. Yeah. Ashton Gente. He's got nine touchdowns and 450 yards through two Games. I just love the balls on a guy who, who goes to a group of five school that does the Heisman pose. Yeah, he was, he was great. And he's, they got more shots. They, I think they play some more power Five teams. I think they play Washington State and maybe Oregon State. So they have a couple more shots at it. I also had the, I love Iowa State versus Iowa. The, the, what is it, L el Asco is what they call it. Alaska Co. Yeah. Online. Yeah. But you just always know it's gonna be a weird game.

(23m 50s):
And it's usually especially a weird game. Like it either goes one of two ways. Iowa beats the shit out of them, or Iowa State wins. And it's a weird game. And, it was a weird game because it looked like Iowa was gonna beat the shit out of them. And then you get weird scores going on and they won 2019. I just, it was a great game. I was, I was like, damn Iowa State down 13 not giving up. I was impressed. Yeah. And the weird thing is, whenever you see Iowa do anything on offense, you're like, they're, they're one of the best teams in the country. Yes. They can score like this. And so at the start they started scoring points and you were like, shit, Iowa was for real this year. And then they just went back to old Iowa. Yeah. Like pretty quickly that flip it, it's very easy for them to flip that switch. Yes.

(24m 30s):
And just go back to what we've always seen out of Iowa. They also had Kirk Ferentz came out to many men. Yeah. Which was awesome for, from his one game suspension. Yeah. I'm sure that's his favorite song. Yeah. Yeah. He loves fit. And then the only other one I had that we had to talk about was Colorado. Oof. Well, Nebraska's back. That should be said. Nebraska is back. That was an electric, electric place in Lincoln on Saturday night. It was so much fun watching that game. But Colorado, it's bad vibes everywhere. Like Shado saying, blaming his offensive line. They tried to basically do a patchwork offensive line. I think they have an 18-year-old starting at guard It.

(25m 12s):
It was bad. It was bad. And then Shado went to the locker room before the game was over. Yeah. Like two minutes left in the game. Right. Took himself out. Yeah. It was not good. And Their defense played like I going to that game. I was like, they're not gonna be able to stop Nebraska. Their defense actually played well. Their offense stunk. They Played, yeah, they played pretty good on defense. I'm just glad that this game was never really in jeopardy because it had maybe, maybe the worst 15 minute stretch of officiating that I've ever seen in any sport. Yes. It was so bad. Who's the ref analyst that they were using for this one? I don't know. Was it Terry iff? It might have been. It might have been Terry. But they were just laughing. They ran out. Because some, when you're a former ref and your job is to analyze ref calls on tv, you don't always say like, wow, they really blew this one.

(25m 54s):
You find ways to be like, maybe this is what they saw after like the fourth bad flag in a row. He just started laughing and he was like, I, I don't know what they're looking at on the field. Yeah. This is very strange. So I'm just glad that there was no, nothing consequential came out of all those bad calls. Yes. Because it was, it was terrible. And Colorado, there are the wheels could fall Off. Oh Yeah. The wheels could fall off. I, I mean I think the wheels are gonna fall off and Yeah, it's gonna be, I mean, Shado is gonna go to the NFL. Yeah. And then what happens? Hunter's gonna go to the NFL. What happens when chador leaves? Is Dion going to, is he just like committed to Colorado? He just loves that program. He is gonna stick around for a while. So I wouldn't say so. I would say probably not. Yeah, It does, it does feel, and I don't know how many wins they have left on their schedule.

(26m 38s):
They do play Colorado State this weekend, which will be, that game was so awesome last year. Did You see the story about what they, what they asked the home stadium to do after Shado scores a touchdown. What? I don't think this is true by the, you don't think so? Okay, then I don't wanna, Per, per Dion Sanders Jr. I don't wanna spread getting mad at Barsol for posting the, I don't wanna spread misinformation. Misinformation online. What were They gonna do? Well, The story was that whenever and anyone scores a touchdown for Colorado at home, they play the fight song afterwards. Yeah. Except when Shado scores a touchdown, then they play Chad's own song. Yeah. That seems fake. It seems fake, but obviously people will buy it. I just, Bartell posted someone on Barstell wrote that article with basically that headline and then I saw Dion Sanders Jr.

(27m 24s):
Like quoted And. it was like, come on man. Yeah. Well who on bars still wrote the article? I don't know. We have sources that are more, listen, I still like Dion, but Yeah, it does. It's not good in Colorado right now. He'd, he'd be the first to say it's not good. Yeah. That was a bad game. And Nebraska is back. It feel, it's, it's fun that they, that crowd was awesome and it's, they have a very winnable schedule going up to week eight against Ohio State, which it'll be awesome if they're like highly ranked going into that game. Yeah, that'd be very cool. Also, I, I think I've flipped on on real and how he dresses like Patrick Mahomes, it's dressed for the job you want, not the job you have. Yeah. And it's weird. But it's funny. Yeah. I again, it's just really comes down to the facial hair and the haircut.

(28m 6s):
If you win you can do whatever you want. Yeah. If he had one of the others taken, like if he didn't have the facial hair, I'd be like, all right. He just got Patrick Holmes haircut. Hank smirking about something. What do you got Not Smirking. It's big propaganda. What Big T? Oh, big. Oh, big TT wrote it got head. Oh, big T got in that he wrote that. He wrote the article Wrote, oh, He wrote the article about it. Damn. Are you saying Big T's fake news? It might be, Yeah, I am. Because it's Exactly what he's Saying. Okay. I'll, I'll get comment from Big T. That's Exactly what he's saying. But yeah, College Football iss Awesome. It's, it's rolling. Not a great slate this weekend. Do you think that Michigan is bad? Because I think that their offense is, Oh no, I think it's horrifically bad offensively Because they have, they've got like a, I don't know if it's two-headed monster is what they're calling it a quarterback.

(28m 56s):
But it's so, it's so confusing why they put Orgy out there and they expect anything to work. Yeah. It's like he's just gonna run the ball. Well I think they're gonna, they're gonna probably start Tuttle so it's three headed monster. But yeah, he, they just don't have any burst whatsoever. I mean, they lost 10 guys on the offense, I'm pretty sure. So it's, it's not crazy that this is happening. It does feel like Michigan was, they were so all in for last year. They kind of forgot that this year was gonna happen. Yeah. Which Is, listen, flags fly forever. You can't, like any Michigan fan would take that deal a hundred times out of a hundred, but it's just now this year is gonna be, I think tougher than they expected.

(29m 36s):
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Should we do Hot Seat Cool Throne? Sure. Oh, also I love the idea of a bunch of like Libs from Berkeley going to Auburn. Yeah. And being like, look, we care about College. Football. That was a tough loss For Auburn. That was a really bad loss. Really bad loss. Hugh Freeze. Hot Seat really Bad loss. Okay, let's do Hot Seat Cool Throne.

(29m 55s):
Okay. Before we get to Hot Seat Cool Throne. It is brought to you by our friends at Coors Light. Half the fun of watching College Football is predicting which rivals will win. Every week. Coors Light teamed up with DraftKings for the free to play College Football pick them pools where you pick winners for a chance to win big. When the game is on the line, it's time to choose chill and then choose an ice cold Coors Light. When you're looking to keep it chill. There's only one beer to choose. Coors Light the mountains on the bottles and cans even turn blue when your beer is cold. So you know when your mountain and cold or freshen is ready for you. When things heat up, it's a good time to choose chill. And then crack open a Coors Light. I'll be going up to Madison this weekend for Bamo, Wisconsin. I will be tailgating with Coors Light because that's the best Nothing. better than some friends and some Coors Light. You Think they're gonna cover. I've talked myself. Ask me on Friday. Okay. Make your heated picks with Coors Light and DraftKings. Choose Chill then enjoy refreshing Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21 plus eligibility restrictions. Apply void. Where? Prohibited. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash Coors light. Pick them. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.

(31m 5s):
Henry Hot Seat Cool Throne. My Hot Seat is the term defending the title. Yeah. Okay. Friend of the program. Friend of mine. Yes. I saw this family member. Favorite guy ever. Joe Missoula Celtics coach was doing an interview and they asked him about how he feels about defending the title and he basically, you know, just just took down the term forever. He said the phrase, defending a title is very passive aggressive term. Mm. If you look at the animal kingdom Yeah. Some of the strongest animals don't defend. Yes. They're the most aggressive and they attack the most. Yeah, I like that. So we're attacking the title. Love that You're attacking the next title. Yeah. I love that you knew he was gonna come out with something. Is it already training camp for NBA?

(31m 48s):
I think Media day is like September 22nd or something. Holy shit. They have The wor too fast. I feel like they have the worst off season. What? Mm. Summer they get the whole summer. Summer, yeah. But You Get to go to like Europe and Shit. The Olympics. Yeah. If you're, Yeah. You're not Ja 12 players. If you're Jason Tatum. Four years. Yeah. Jalen Brown had a good summer. No, I mean the best off season by, It's the NBA. You think so? Definitely. No, I disagree With hockey. No. Golf. Golf. We talked about we, we talked, we're gonna talk about it with Scottie. Scheffler. But golf is the best off season. 'cause you get basically the entire fall. Yeah. That's the best off season. I the only problem, I mean we talk about this all the time, but like, I feel like you would want your off season to be in the summer.

(32m 30s):
Hockey might have it better, But football. Yeah, football. Imagine having to play in an NBA game while football game's on. Yeah. It'd be Me if you're wouldn't be me if You're a golfer. You gotta, you gotta pay the price for it though. Because in the spring, in college basketball season True. You have to play Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday. True. Which is tough. But then you get all football season. Mm. And all summer. And also your job is to travel to nice courses. But you can skip Masters after March Madness. You can skip the tournament during March Madness. Yes. Yes. That's what I would do. That's what I would do. I'd skip that tournament. I mean it's basketball and hockey. Okay. It's, it's close. Well disagree because we like football here.

(33m 13s):
The problem with the, the basketball and hockey situation is that your season is so long. Yeah. But the but but the seasons don't even really matter until after football season's over. But you can't travel anywhere. You can't, like if you're in, in training camp or whatever they call it in hockey. Hank Think about having to play in an NBA game on an NFL Sunday. I, yeah. That, that's torture. Who cares? No, It's, no, that's torture. I would, those guys Are fans Of one team. That's why I'm not playing in the NBA. I Probably give that out. They're, and they're only, you know, they're either playing it if they're playing during the day, they can watch at night. That's why I'm not in the NFL because if I was in the NFL then I'd miss all the other NF action.

(33m 53s):
Also True golf. Alright. Good. Hot Seat. Thank you. And then my cool. I do like that though. We're not defending the title. Yeah. Look at nature attacking It. Yeah. We're attacking the title. Yeah. You knew he was gonna drop something like this in We're Tacking 19. Yeah. My cool Throne is social experiments. Oh, Okay. Did you guys see this? I loved with the muck banger. I did not understand it. But I want you to explain it to me. 'cause I saw it and I was like, don't understand it. Pass. Yeah, I did some research today. I, I had some conversations 'cause I also was, was a little bit confused. But it, it's fascinating. I think it's, it's one of the more fascinating stories I've read in the last week.

(34m 35s):
Ndo Avocado, who I'm sure Hedo Avocado, who I'm sure you guys are familiar with. Legend know Him. Yep. He is a YouTube muck banger. Okay. Now for those who don't know what Muck bang is like, I didn't for the most part up until a few hours ago, I was generally aware, but I was like, is there any sexual element to it? Or is it just, 'cause it sounds like super sexual. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it really is just YouTube videos of people eating large amounts of food. Love it. Yeah. Love it. That's a m bang. So you'd just be like, oh, you know, if we, we could do 'em every Sunday if we wanted to. Or our gambling streak we do are basically just a giant raisin canes muck bang. I think we've been unknowingly muck banging each other for like seven years. My, yeah. So this guy Muck Banger by birth Ndo Avocado.

(35m 17s):
If you look up his old videos, is That his real name? That's yeah. Oh Sure. I think it's Ndo. No, NTO Avocado. I was trying to think of what a full name for NTO would be, but I couldn't even, I think that's the full name. That's It. Yeah. You need a name that Rev rhymes with avocado. He is a muck banger. Okay. And he was huge. He would post these videos of him just eating disgusting amounts of food. Huge Social Numbers. He is like 4 million subscribers and he is also fat as fuck Fat. Okay. Was fat as fuck. He's been posting videos for the last two years where he's large in doing these Muck bangs. Then this week he posted a basically reveal stating that he prerecorded two years worth of muck bangs and has been putting them out periodically and just losing all the weight.

(36m 10s):
So if you're a fan, if you're a fan of this guy, you've been watching his videos regularly. Every few weeks he looks exactly the same. And then this week he just came outta the clouds like down 200 pounds. That's, that's awesome. Genius. That's A very, very smart strategy. Genius. And then did he, did he lose fans or are people happy? People are mad. That's why I initially saw what people being like, you know, fuck this guy. I can't believe he did this. And I was like, looked into what he did. I was like, this is actually incredible. Yeah. Why? That's awesome. Why Aret? He mad about it. Just He did, he did 50 videos and then didn't work for two years. Why are people mad about that? I, it took some balls on him though. 'cause I'm assuming that when he dropped his first video, when he like prerecord all this stuff, he probably didn't have a massive following yet. And he just knew like, I'm gonna put these out.

(36m 51s):
I'm gonna record two years worth of videos and I'll be, I'll be a big star. And then by the end of them, boom. Skinny. That's incredible. Yeah. I called a shot because it's like a huge payoff. And he's also skinny now. Yeah. So, but does he lose the people because that was his whole thing being fat. He probably does. Or also, I don't know how he's gonna be able to, you know, muck bang as much food now that he's super, super skinny. That's what people are upset about Has also said that there's another conspiracy. Oh, that says that these new pictures are actually old pictures. Oh. So he's back to being fat again. That like He, this right here guy is actually the social experiment And that's still fat. Just eat the guy. Just eat The food. And so the social experiment is to see whether or not people support him getting skinny or not.

(37m 35s):
And the real one is gonna be him getting even fatter. So you're saying he prerecorded the social experiment video. So this social experiment video is like four years old. It goes back then he Got super fat to record all these other muck bangs. I saw one theory that there's no loose skin and there's a video with his cat that's no longer alive. Oh, it's always the cat. It's always the cat. But that would be saying that he recorded a video and he was super skinny. Yeah. Then got super fat so that there's still like a two year, that's a two year Gap. I did, I did that unknowingly And no, this Difference 10 years Way. Like, lemme show you the Picture. I, I seen a picture.

(38m 16s):
Oh, I didn't see a fat picture. I saw the skinny picture. Everyone's freaking out. Also, he dropped this on A NFL Sunday, I'm pretty sure. Which didn't care. I don't think the muck bang community is is worried about all Sudden. Well it's Their fault. They should have watched Joey chest on at halftime. Yeah. They would've loved that. They would've loved That. Now wait, is it a possibility because taking a picture of yourself and being like, look how skin I am. I'm gonna put this up online after I'm done being fat. That's a thought that would occur to a fat person. Right. To be like, I'm gonna lose all this weight. Then I'll gain it back by muck banging and then I'll reveal that I'm actually skinny. Right. So maybe he was fat, then skinny, then he got fat and now he's skinny again.

(38m 56s):
Yeah. Not, we don't know how deep this goes. This goes very deep. Oh wow. Those are crazy pictures. Okay. Yeah. He looks fat and then skinny again. He could have just, he could have just had time do this. Like, I don't understand. I don't understand The reversal. I did the nada avocado thing reveal over the last 10 years at Barsol by own unknowingly muck banging all the time and then getting really fat. So that second one, I don't know how people can say that. There's no loose skin on him. It's wearing a shirt and boxers. So it's probably covering up any loose skin that would be there. Right. I would agree. Hmm. He does look ai.

(39m 36s):
But the cat remember the cat? Yeah, the cat. Cat. It's, Yeah. Cat came back to life. Cat came back. Oh Wow. Could it be a different cat? So he was just eating just to Eat. I mean, muck bang. Videos are disgusting. I watched a few there. They're Yeah, they sound revolt. That looks like he's got the skinny guy. The, the loose tits. The second picture. Yeah. That's a loose tits. Yeah, it's A little loose tits. And he's got like the, the kind of big face. Definitely De has a loose skin on his neck. Big face. Yeah. Okay. I believe him. N cavo nto ndo, avocado. Way to go. I Always thought that muck bang was something that like horny guys watched, but apparently not. I feel like it's like Ben Stiller's character and dodgeball. Yeah.

(40m 16s):
Would watch Muck Bangs. Yeah. Still Skinny while he ate healthy, he still Yeah. Yeah. To, to just like make himself not get fat. Yeah. Okay. Good. Cool. Throne. Thanks. We should muck bang. Yeah, We do. We should call it muck banging. True. Alright. PFT Your Hot. Seat. Cool. Tron. Well, I couldn't muck. I I thought about it. I was like, if I didn't muck bang, I all, you can't uck at all three Bites. Yeah. Yeah. You Can't muck bang. It'd be the worst muck banger out there. You could only muck bang on vine. You'd be really good at that. The accidental muck. Bangers would be a good, you know, channel Yeah. Where someone just falls Around. It's just people eating. Is there one of these for people sleeping? Probably That, that's the next thing.

(40m 56s):
Just like all the things in your hierarchy of this is I'm gonna do a muck bang. But it's just me having shelter. Yeah. Me sleeping so hard. Yeah. Okay. PFT My Hot Seat is my bald spot. Yeah. So congrats. Thank you. I put a video up online yesterday. The whole premise of it was to make people think that I did something really, really bad. And then at the end of it I was like, cycle all that stuff is not true and I'm just getting my hair redone. So that, that, I hope that will be studied by lawyers in the future. That if your, if your your client is on trial for like armed robbery, you just confess that he murdered a bunch of people and then at the end you say psych, he didn't murder anyone, but he did rob a bank, so Yeah. Yeah.

(41m 36s):
And then people won't get mad him for it. But yeah, we're not rebuilding. We're recalibrating. I love it. I you're Attacking it. I'm attacking it. I'm not gonna defend getting, getting a hair procedure. I'm just gonna attack the people that, that come at me for trying to shame me. Because guess what? Women do makeup every day. That's true. People do ozempic Speaking of, I'm reclaiming it. Speaking of which, on that video, Marlon's man hit me up. He left a comment underneath saying, PFT, here's the deal. You and your mom are invited to go to the commander's game with me. First row still love you man. Mom two. And he said, that's nice. Please forward to PFT since bloggers run his account. Ooh. Oh yeah. So, so He, that's been going on since like 20. Wait, Wait, wait. So so Marlin's man, he believed the video.

(42m 19s):
Yes. Because in the video I said I'm not actually a Commander's fan. Dan Snyder's been paying me for the last seven years to pretend that I correct that I bought my account. I'm not the original PFT commenter and that I don't even do my own tweets. Yes. I have somebody else that does that for me. Yes. So that was part believed it. So he believed all that. And he wants to invite you to a commander Squad. And my mom. Yeah. And your mom. You got one guy? I got one guy. I got one guy at least. But yeah, it's, it was a like three and a half hour thing yesterday. In six months, I'm gonna have my hair back to 2016 levels. Fuck. Yes. I'm gonna feel pretty good about it. Let's go. So yeah, I'm, I'm is 2016 You keep saying 20. Is that your peak hair in Your mind? I, I think so. Yeah. I was thinking about that earlier.

(42m 59s):
I think 2016, you've thrown That out, out, out a few times and I feel like that, Well, 2016 my hair's winning championships. My hair was a dynasty and then got a little older, lost a few pieces. We had to re recap. It's like when the Ravens drafted Lamar Jackson. That's what I just did. Yeah. Like my hair right now is Joe Flacco. He was sick a few years ago, then he started some, you know, pieces not working so good. Bringing in new guy. Then we're gonna be competing again. How Much did you losing like 30% of your hair on the case race Influences? The, the doctor said almost a hundred percent. So I had a, a perfect head of hair until the case race and my hair got stuck in that leaf blower. And then Big Cat cut it off and that's what made me bald. It would've Been funny if you had brought the leaf blower with you because we have that hair Implant that you could Have used it.

(43m 44s):
Yeah. Also, I just realized that in my analogy about my new hair being Lamar, my old hair being Joe Flacco Max's hair is just Patrick Mahomes. Yeah. No matter what I do, your ass Max is, Max's hair is gonna kick my hair's ass. It's kicking your Ass. Yeah. But yeah, I, I'm Happy For you. I feel good about it. I'm just gonna be wearing a hat for the next like three months as it grows in. And then, which is A good thing. We'll see because I, I got the willies when I saw the, the points in your head. Well, no, it's, yeah. It's a bunch of scabs. Yeah. 'cause they, they like grinded that shit. Yeah. But it was cool. We're taking it back, Taking back the hair. We're Taking it back. Fucking love it. Not being ashamed. I love it. 'cause my options, I, I think I told you this before, but my options to me were either cut it off and just go bald naturally.

(44m 27s):
Yep. Or two, become a guy with long hair who's bald and that is the worst Thing, which would've rocked the skull, would've rocked. It works on Terry Bradshaw. The Skull would've rocked. But I decided that that was not the future for me. Okay. My cool throne is Deshaun Watson being a better football player than he is a person. Yes. So in a recent update to the debate on how bad he's gotten at playing football versus his personal life, he has been accused of sexual assault. Yes. And it seems like the details are pretty bad if true, he should not be in the NFL. But you could say that about any number of accusations against Deshaun. Yeah. And also about his football play too.

(45m 8s):
Yeah. Not a good guy. Not a good guy. So I, the NFL is like looking at it and monitoring it. And the upshot of it is if he, if he is like credibly accused and he can be punished under the NFL code of conduct, then the Browns might be able to cut him. They'd, it'd still be like a giant cap hit. Right. But I think it would be better for the Browns to get rid of them any via any means necessary. Necessary. Yeah. Any way you can, and the bottom, it goes back to what we've said about Deshaun for the last, what, three years, which is either he is the victim of the biggest, most coordinated, most ruthless smear campaign against an individual maybe in the history of sports and or he's a disgusting human being who should be in jail.

(45m 56s):
Ding. Either way he stinks a quarterback. Yes. But those are really your only two options Yeah. That you have right now. Yeah. But yeah, it's pretty ugly. And also I've noticed that this has taken a lot of the sting off Russell Wilson's, Denver Broncos contract being the worst contract. $85 million cap hit I think when they, when they got rid of him. Yeah. So, so it can be done And it could be worse if you're the Broncos. Yeah. Like every time you you write that check, just be like, listen. At least, at least he wasn't Deshaun. Yeah. And now LeBrons need to start Jamis. Start Jamis. Deshaun might also have a burner account. Oh, maybe. Do you have It? No, it's, I think Tate blogged it. Oh, Leroy Bickerstaff.

(46m 37s):
Oh. Which is a great name if you're gonna create a burner account. It is, it's a great name. He only responds to things about Deshaun. Watson refers to Deshaun as four. Oh yeah. That's guys In the locker room got fours back all day long. Okay. You never played the sport. You don't know four like that if Oh, may No, I'm, I'm gonna say it's not if four burner culture, There's, there's, especially with the NFL, like people are so fivehead that they know Yeah. There's so many examples of burners getting busted that they know like fake Burners. Yeah. And, and, and the first one is, if four had a tackle like Trent Williams, he, he'd be able to show his greatness. Four. Can't succeed when he is got no chance back there that this is someone cosplaying, is it Deshaun Burner? Okay. Does He also get, he's, he has guaranteed money.

(47m 18s):
Why does he Care? Yeah. Well, because here's the, if He cared, he Would just play better. Well, no. 'cause here's the thing about people. No matter how rich you get, you still want to get online and get your takes off. Yeah. But this it's A fact. Elon Musk bought Twitter to get his takes off, though. He's Yeah, but there's That, that's fair. But this is, yeah, he, this is too obvious. There's no way he would, burner accounts wouldn't tweet on their own. Like they'd, they respond to things. They don't tweet. Oh, I if four had Trent Williams, that's a, that's not a burner account though. I, they respond. I dunno if that was the real one too. Oh, that was the real one. That might have been a Fake, I think that was a fake, A fake, fake account. Oh, all right. So then maybe it's back. I think this, I, The internet sucks. So Reid, one of 'em four got the respect of his teammates, and that's all that matters.

(48m 0s):
Nobody care what the fools on the app got to say about a man. They don't know. Hmm. Okay. Guys in the locker room got fours back all day long. It's y'all that never played the sport and don't know four like that. This four thing is bothering Me and they're all fours. This is bothering me. Okay. Maybe it is. So the, the one about Trent Williams, that's definitely a fake one. Yeah. Because it was, that would've been set up too perfectly to have like, oh, is this Deshaun's burner account requesting saying that another player by name is better than his own teammates? Right. Right. That's Red flag. But the ones that I'm looking at right now, well, Did he do halftime? Did you respond? I'm gonna give it a doom. Yeah. I'm gonna give it a doom.

(48m 40s):
He's responding to one that says Deshaun Watson's career is over. And he says, coach is ruining the career of one of the best athletes of the generation. That to me seems like a little heavy handed. Yeah, that's too much. Yeah, that's too much. 'cause Stefanki, he's a great coach Who is Leroy Bicker staff that regardless of whether or not this Bernie Bicker Staff. Yeah. Legit. But Leroy Bickerstaff is a great name. Yeah. Okay, well, we'll, we'll keep looking. Alright. My Hot Seat is the Miami Police because the cam footage came out for the Ty Hill arrest and that guy was, what the fuck? Yeah, he was crazy. Yeah. He, they you, they were like three or four guys that were just ready to go right off the bat.

(49m 23s):
You they were trying to, I didn't even realize they were trying to arrest John U. Smith too. Yeah. It's Crazy. And Kla Campbell came up to deescalate and GLA Campbell great friend, great teammate, also very smart because he realized, he knows that he's a big man. Yeah. And so he's just like walking backwards the entire time. Just like showing I'm not approaching you, but you're gonna hear my voice. Yeah. And Klay Campbell, if you're trying to deescalate any situation, the best way to do it is to have Kase Campbell stand there and start talking. Yeah. That will deescalate any situation. And And, we do, we did find out also how Drew Rosenau got there so quickly. Tyreek was just on the phone saying, get Drew here. Great. Get Drew here. Get Drew here. Yeah.

(50m 3s):
There, there was a, another thing that came out earlier today, a quote from Miami Police, and they said that they were booking him on speeding because they visually identified that his car was traveling approximately 60 miles an hour. Told You it's the car. Yeah. They just see a sick car and they're like, that's going too fast. There was a video that you could see of the car going by and you see the cop turn the motorcycle around and follow him. Tyreek's car was going faster than the other cars. But the initial reports that it was going a hundred miles per hour. Yeah. It was not even close. Not true. And when the cop says visually, we think the car was going 60 miles an hour, then that's when you know that there's about to be some cap again behind it. Correct. They just, they were like, yeah, his car looked fast.

(50m 44s):
But yeah, that was, that was crazy. And listen, Tyreek Hill, from what we know of his past, has probably done stuff that warrants him getting thrown onto the ground by police officers. Yeah. This was not one of them. No. And if you just take Tyreek out and in his place, you put like one of those sovereign citizen guys and they make it their entire life's mission just to like record themselves talking to police, to outsmart 'em. I love those guys. Yeah. They're the best. They're so ridiculous. They're so funny. What Tyreek did was he rolled his window down, gave his information over, then rolled his window back up. That's stuff that I see all day every day from the sovereign. You can do that to a police officer. Yeah. You don't have to talk to a police officer. It was nuts. Alright. My cool throne is the people of Orlando, because I am taking up a new fight.

(51m 27s):
I don't know if you guys saw the news, but they're changing the Orlando airport and the chilies is going to be gone in 2025. What? And we're not gonna let this happen. We're not gonna let this happen. Why Are they taking it out? I don't Know. But we're gonna fight. I'm gonna fight for the people. I am going to announce a travel boycott to the Orlando airport After 2025. If they actually take it away. If They actually take it away. They're taking, they're they're replacing chilies or they're taking The whole stairway to heaven. They're taking I think the whole stairway to heaven. The chilies. I, by the way, if they ever do an auction, I would like to buy some of that stuff. Buy the escalator. Yep. Chilies. But they, I did, I did contact the Orlando airport. Did Buy what? By by what stuff?

(52m 7s):
Exactly. Whatever They got like a fajita plate or something. I don't know. Just buy the escalator. Literally anything. The stuff on the walls. The Orlando airport responded to me when I asked for comment. They said, we love chilies just as much as you all do. Our partners will still be around in their current location through September, 2025. There's still time to score delicious fajitas and chicken crispers and ride that sweet, sweet stairway to heaven. That was just like, they were patting me on the, on the top of the head. Yeah. I will not accept this. We will figure out a way to get that chilies. And if We don't make sure someone tells me when they auction stuff off because I wanna buy it. Are they remodeling? Because they just, they don't like the look of it and they want to do No clue. P fg Just a visual overhaul. It's crazy. It's crazy.

(52m 47s):
It's nuts. Terrible news. I predict that people are gonna stop visiting Orlando, Florida entirely because of this. I'd agree with you. What else is there to do in Orlando? Nothing. Nothing. It's no, there's no amusement found in Orlando. There's Chili's. Yep. And the stairway to heaven. In fact, I won't even take a connecting flight through Orlando. I Agree. I won't either. In fact, I mean, I'm never taking my kids to Disney. 'cause I never went as a kid. Gotta pass That. You gotta pass that forward. Yeah. Gotta pass that Down. Gotta pass that. I hold that with me. That's what You gotta do, Lord. What? Share, share your trauma with your children. Disneyland. Maybe not gonna Disney World. I always wanted to go as a kid. Never wanted. Yeah. But Universal Studios. I can't, I can't. One of your kids is Gonna start liking. My Wife can take 'em. I'm not going Whatever one of those movies is.

(53m 28s):
And, and you're going. They like all of 'em. They don't know that Disney World exists yet. I'm gonna be Wait till one. Wait till one. That was, that was, it's it's the kids in their class. Did you go? No, but okay, So stand with me. I'm with you, but I just feel like you're you're, you're gonna get rolled over. I went to Disneyland. Yeah. So we'll, we'll go to Disneyland. I'm fine with Disneyland or whatever. The Universal Studios. Yeah. Universal Studios is fun. We can do that. Universal. But University in Florida. Disneyland is in California. Yes. I'm going to Disneyland. I will not go to Disney World. I never went as a kid. I wanted to go so bad. I went, I almost died. What? I Rollercoaster. No, I went to nap Fat. I like ran. It's always too fat.

(54m 8s):
No, I ran away. Jumped in, jumped in the pool without any floaties. I was three years old. Oh. Oh. Some random, like 10-year-old kids. Me, That happens. Yeah. My daughter did that. Yeah. She just dropped to the bottom. I'm the youngest of four. Yeah. And I picked her up and I was like, don't do that again. She was mad at me. You know what, the only, the only acceptable substitution I would take in that airport for the chilies. Medieval times. Yeah. If they put a medieval times in an airport, I'm fucking in. Or wing nuts. Or wing nuts. Yeah. You can do that too. Wing Nuts or PardonMyTake of my cheese. Steak. Free We. Don't pay rent. Yeah. We can listen. We're we're normal dudes. We can negotiate no rent. Yeah. But ever medieval times let the people watch a battle before takeoff. I'd agree with that. Kind of tough getting the swords and stuff through.

(54m 49s):
Oh no, it's not through. It's, I think it's pre Is it pre ts a I think it's post. I think it's post. Well they should be allowed to go through the line with the pilots and, and the flight attendants. Yeah. In your night suit. In their night suit. Alright, let's get to our interviews. We got Scottie Scheffler. And then we have Coach Thomas Hammock from NIU.

(55m 6s):
Brought to you by our friends at Gametime Football season is here. And. we can't wait to get out to the score to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports. you know how much we love Gametime now? With their brand new Gametime Picks feature, they're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. We're looking at tickets for this weekend. I'm going up to Madison for the, the Bamo Wisconsin game. I use Gametime. You can get great, great deals there. A hundred bucks to get in with the GT picks setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? I'm gonna buy those seats now with Gametime picks. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime?

(55m 59s):
We're also brought to you by our friends that PardonMyTake my cheese steak football's finally back and ordering PardonMyTake my cheese steak for your game day meal. Or late Night Eats is the best play call you can make. PardonMyTake my cheese steak brings you awesome cheese steaks and loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep. And, we will be offering free delivery throughout the entire football season. Take your pick of our delicious cheese steaks made with fresh thinly sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramelized onions On a toasted hokey roll, we have classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken, cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks, and many, many more. You can also order the popular Big Cat combo and get your cheese steak of choice fries in a drink. Find a PardonMyTake my cheese steak near you.

(56m 39s):
And order yours now at PardonMyTake my cheesesteak.com. Use code a WL for free delivery. Okay. Here he is. Scottie Scheffler. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very special guest. It is the best golfer in the world. You can say that because he had an incredible season. Scottie Scheffler Joining the show, Scotty, first of all, congrats. 62 mil. I I did read that. Yep. I I think so. I don't What do you mean you read that have much? I I don't really have much to say on that. Wait, wait, wait. Is it in your bank account yet? You I mean, that's 62 mil. That's incredible. Congrats. Yeah.

(57m 19s):
Thank you. Yeah, it's been, it's been a fun year. I really, I don't really think about the money very much. I think that kind of becomes a big deal just with the FedEx and everything. But, you know, at the end of the day, just playing golf and the money's just, you know, a gift on top of that. I mean, it's really all, it's That rocks that you have to find out how much money you made by reading about it in an article. I think it's something that we should all aspire to one day. Yeah. Like the news tells me how much money I make. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I know you're, you're a humble guy and you, you do feel like you, whenever we, you talk to the media, like media, the One thing I like is you're very honest and it's like, these are the things that are important to me.

(58m 2s):
But there has to have been at least one moment where you're like, holy shit, that's a ton of money. That's pretty damn cool. Yeah. I mean, I remember playing my first PGA tour event as a pro and I didn't like play great. I finished maybe 40th place, it was like two weeks after graduating college and made like 30 or 40 grand or something like that. And I remember looking at Meredith when I got home and I got the text, you get like a text from the tour after each tournament telling me how much money you made. And I kind of looked at her, I was like, oh my gosh. Like I just got paid for that. That's insane. Yeah. Yeah. Like I, yeah. So it's, it's pretty fun. you know, I still feel, I mean I really do, I still feel like a kid just 'cause I like, I'm sure you guys can relate to that a little bit. Like you just sit around at your job and have fun all day and like that's what I get to, I get to go play golf and have fun.

(58m 46s):
Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean we, we definitely can relate to that. 'cause we, today's the start of football and we're like, oh, this is gonna be awesome. We're gonna sit on the couch and hang with the dudes for the next six months. So yeah, we're, we're, we're we're equally as blessed. That's for sure. Your Caddy probably feels pretty happy about it too. Your caddy is probably like looking at his phone. How does that work? He gets, he gets a text from the tour too? No, no. He just gets, he just gets like, we have a girl that helps us like pay bills basically because I'm a child and I can't keep track of all that stuff. So she quickly took over that, that job and she just, she text me at the end of every week like, Hey, this is how much we're paying. I'm like, that's great. Perfect. And it over. Yeah. Thumbs up. That's Great. So we, we know, you know, where he went to high school, obviously it's a long history of of sports greats that went there.

(59m 33s):
Do you know Jake felt personally No, but I've heard of Jake felt, is he, was he Stafford's guy? Well, No. Yeah, Stafford was his guy. Yeah. Yeah. Jake, Jake felt is one. Yeah. Yeah. Jake Felt's one was, what'd he do? He scored a bunch of points in the, the state final is that five, Like ran five touchdowns, five touchdowns. He's, he was better than Clayton Kershaw and Matthew Stafford, Jake felt is the true, true Highland Park champion. He's our guy. Yeah. Yeah. So I do, I listen to the podcast a little bit during the season. It gets kind of tough to keep up, but like this time of year I'll listen to a bunch just because football's back and I did, I listened to part of that Stafford interview, And. it was pretty funny.

(1h 0m 13s):
You guys mess with him about the, the Highland Park stuff. It's like, do you know Lin Kisha went to your high school? He was like, no, I've never heard of it. Wait, wait. So, alright. Thank, thank you that you listened to the show at all. How dumb are we when we talk about golf? Like we're, we're really dumb. Right? I, I mean, I've heard a little bit of the golf stuff. Like I know that, you know, Hank's a big fan of the Liv the live golf and all that and Yeah. I mean, you're not, not great about golf. Yeah. Yeah. So maybe This is a good opportunity for you, for you to educate us. What do we get wrong about golf? What's the hardest part about being a great golfer and sustaining that? I don't know either. I'm not a podcaster. Yeah.

(1h 0m 53s):
We also root for the course. Yeah. We, we root for the course a lot. Is that As in like, you want us to shoot over par? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We like it, especially in the US Open when they grow the fescue out And, it just becomes just a yeah. A jungle of weeds. And it's impossible golf to play. And I'm sure it's very frustrating. But for us at home, we root for the course to just swallow up golf balls, have guys cuss at I I did hear you. Scotty. Would you like to apologize to America for, for saying the f word on the golf course last week? Yeah. I'd like to formally apologize to all of America. Okay. Thank you. My four old Is accepted. Great formal apology. My, Yeah, my 4-year-old son Chris saw that. And that's, that's the only word that he says. Now he, he's gonna get kicked outta school.

(1h 1m 33s):
Yeah. When he eventually goes to school. Yeah. The, so yeah. We're, we're we root for the course. We don't really follow the rules. Oh, here's one. You, you are, you follow the rules, you're a consummate pro. Do you think it's uncouth to just fill out whatever score you want at the end of a round? Like for instance, I shot a 72 at Shinnecock. Man, it's really up to you. I think that's a great part about golf. you know, you, you sign your own scorecard. Yes. If you, if you're gonna rest easy at night, then hey man. More power to you. Oh yeah. What Happens? I sleep like a baby. Yeah. Alright, great. If you can live with yourself being a liar, then go ahead. Yeah, I can, I have no problem living with myself, just filling out fake scorecards.

(1h 2m 17s):
Okay. That's great. So Scottie Scheffler basically, you, you basically just signed my scorecard at Shinnecock. Not really, but yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Perfect. I'll test, I'll take it. Yeah, that's, no, that, that's great. I love that. I, this might be a tough question for you, but have you personally thanked Jeff Darlington for being there during your arrest? I actually did. I, I spoke to him at the end of that week because he actually came up to me and apologized. He's like, Hey man, like, I'm really sorry. And he was, I mean, awesome about the whole thing. 'cause he was worried that, 'cause he obviously was on TV a bunch after that. So he was worried that I thought that he was doing it to like, help himself.

(1h 3m 1s):
Like, he came up and apologized, like, listen man, I'm just so sorry. Like, they gotta, I, you know, it's my job. I gotta do all the TV stuff. I'm like, listen man, I was glad that somebody saw that. Yeah. What happened? And that was just there because he helped, like he, he was getting yelled at by the police and like coming up and being like, no, no, no. Like this, this is not, he's like, no, no, no. And they're like, get the heck outta here. And eventually he came up to the car and was like, who should I call? And I was like, dude, just call Teddy. That's the first name I could think of. And so he got hold of Teddy, got hold of Blake, and then all this stuff started happening from there. And fortunately it's all, it's all over now. It was, it was great that he, he was there to chronicle it because if, if there was nobody there at the time, then the report is just Scottie Scheffler rested.

(1h 3m 46s):
Then an hour later we see what the charge would be and then everybody's like, what the hell is going on? Yeah. But since Darlington was there and he had eyes on it, it almost seemed like from the very start, the narrative was free, Scotty. Yeah. Which was, which was great for you. Yeah. Well, I mean the, the, the part that still just really blows my mind is like I, yeah, I got arrested, which is One thing, but the reason I got arrested was the police officer charged me with second degree assault. Like that's a, Well, his pants. Yeah. His pants were, were damaged beyond repair. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, it's, I mean it's like, at this point it's for the most part I'm over it, like talking about it a lot throughout the year.

(1h 4m 29s):
Like it really was very traumatic. But like at this point I feel like I'm getting over it in a sense to where like when people, like, when my friends would ask me about it, like, I would literally like start shaking again just because it was such like a wild thing that happened. Yeah. Like just, but now I feel like I'm kind of on the other end of it. Like, things are starting to calm down And, it's like, yeah, I went to jail. Yeah. Like It's a good bit. Yeah. It's, it basically is like the, as much as it sucked in the moment, it had to really suck. Especially you're playing a major now, hopefully you have enough time where it's like it kind of worked out perfect that not only did you get a little street cred with your mugshot bad, but every, every basically every moment after it happened, you got more and more vindicated that you did nothing wrong.

(1h 5m 10s):
So it was just like, oh, it was even more like Scotty did nothing wrong. And now you can look back and be like, look, that's a pretty cool T-shirt. Free Scotty. Yeah. Yeah. The yeah. Free Scotty. Yeah. My friends, my friends have had quite the field day with that, that experience. But yeah, I'm glad it's kind of in the rear view mirror now. Yeah. So, so this season was incredible for you. At what point in the season do were you like, this is different? I'm, I'm, did you know that you were like, I I'm playing the best golf of my life. Like I can feel this and everything's just working. I don't really know. I don't like, I'm not very intuitive with that kind of stuff. I kind of just like really do live day by day. Like I can barely remember what I did yesterday and I don't like, make a ton of plans for tomorrow.

(1h 5m 54s):
I kind of just try to live in the present as much as possible. And so in terms of golf, like you just go from One thing to the next. And like sometimes, like Meredith and I, like, we got home this week, the last couple years, And, we get home from the season, you know, I haven't been able to win. He's like the, the two years before where I had the lead and then I lost it. And so you come home and like, just pretty sad. And you know, coming home this time, like we just kind of sat there And, we werere like, how amazing is this? Like, just won the last tournament of the year. Like we can just, just chill. And it's been great 'cause I'm really, really tired. Yeah. It's been a long year. But yeah, just sometimes I feel like I'm living in the simulation 'cause like I really do feel like a kid still.

(1h 6m 34s):
Like I still feel sometimes like I'm in high school 'cause I just play golf and play golf for a living. That's pretty much what I do. I go practice, play golf, come home, hang out with my family and then go back out on the road. Like it's not nothing crazy. Yeah. How awesome is it that you off season starts football season? Like that's the best, that's the best off season ever. It's The best. Yeah, it's the best. Yeah, it's the best. Yeah. Just sitting like, like Sundays, Sundays are such great days. Like I love the NFL and like we, we got into a good routine last year of like waking up. I'd watch sports advisors and then yes, we'd go to church, come home, play some beds. So then just sit around and watch football's Oscar, Wait, hold on, hold on.

(1h 7m 16s):
Time timeout. You would watch Stu Finer and then go to church. Yep. Well that's The correct order to do it. It's true. Yeah. That is incredible. You know what's, you know what's really funny is I told Meredith we're driving home from our lake, gosh, yesterday and Meredith is my wife, just so everybody knows. Yeah. And we were driving home yesterday. I was like, yeah, I got the podcast with the, with the bar guys tomorrow morning, but that's pretty much all I got tomorrow. And she's like, okay, you did it with like, with like the guy. And I was like, who are you talking about? She's like, the, the guy, the favorite number guy. And I was like, Stu Finer. That's incredible. Oh, that makes me so happy that like, just see, I mean, you're, you're, you're the best.

(1h 8m 0s):
'cause you're just watching Stu Finder. Yeah, I Love that. But yeah, if you hear Stu say 15, 15, 30 enough, then yeah, you have to run to church. Yeah. Oh my. Yeah. God. Find a preacher to talk to immediately after watching Advisors. Oh yeah, that's perfect. It's like, she's like, she was wondering, she's like, well, can I come say hello? I was like, well Stu iss not gonna be on on this show. And she's like, oh, okay. Nevermind then. Yeah. Thanks. Listen, you have a, you have a, a free invite to come to our office and watch a taping of advisors. That would be the funniest thing ever. You, you could see, you can also see that we cut out a lot of the stuff that Stu says that he has. He doesn't even know we cut it out. He'll, he'll he'll be like, great show. And we're like, Stu, we can't use half the things you said.

(1h 8m 40s):
We might have to start sending you a director's cut. Yeah. All the, the bleep button Stu. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So, alright. So how, how are you feeling about the Cowboys this year? Typically I go into every year with a ton of hope and then just get crushed This year for some reason, my hope's not as high. I've kind of like moved the hope over to the Longhorns, but the first game's gonna start and I'm like, they're gonna win every game this year. It's gonna be awesome. Like we're I'm that Cowboys member. It's like, we're gonna win the Super Bowl, we're gonna go to the playoffs, do all the stuff, and then just never even comes close to happening. Yeah. Yeah. Last year was tough in the playoffs. Were you, were you at that game? No, we were, we were playing a tournament in California that week.

(1h 9m 23s):
And I remember we, it was a Sunday we were out, it was before the tournament started. We were out playing golf, just some of buddies like Sam Burns, a couple other guys. And Sam and I were like, all right, we need to get home and get to the game. and we were having a chipping contest and like the game had started, but we were, you know, gambling and so we had to finish the, finish the match. And then like, by the time we finished the match, like we're just watching the score, I'm like, I'm not going home to watch. This was already like getting blown out and like my phone has now been like tossed to the other side of the green and it's like, it's over And. we went home and watched the second half. But I mean, it was, it was Tough. Yeah. Do you think D's the guy? Yeah, I mean, I think the team's good enough. They just, they just don't like, seem to perform when it matters the most. And sometimes that's, you know, bad luck.

(1h 10m 5s):
It could be a mental thing. I mean like the team last year was so good. And then just the first game, like, I don't know how fluky of a sport football is, but if it's anything like golf, like stuff can just happen really fast and just gets away from you at the wrong time. And it's tough man. It's tough. Yeah. We, well we did our preseason awards on Wednesday's show and Dak won an award, so you should be, you should be excited about that. What, what was the award? It was least improved player of the year. We don't, I mean we just think he's gonna be the same. Yeah. He's not gonna improve. He's not bad. He's gonna be good. He is gonna be Dak Prescott, but he's not gonna get any better. Yeah. Right. So I mean, to be fair, like he had a great regular season lecture.

(1h 10m 47s):
Like he played awesome for rest of the year. Yeah, Right. He's gonna have the same regular season. He could be very good this year. He's just not gonna improve. I hope he can improve. We might have to submit you for least improved golfer for next year. 'cause you're so good right now. That would be, that would be an honor if you, if you didn't improve, you just stayed the same, you were number one. I guess you, you probably do you two, you do wanna improve. You wanna improve. Well, yeah. So actually that, that's a serious question though. If You're at the top of your game right now and you're playing really good golf, what's that line like between going out and trying to practice something and, and find an area to improve and also not screwing up what you have right now? Yeah, I think that's, that's where guys can sometimes run into trouble when they, in golf you always feel like you can get better because it's so hard.

(1h 11m 33s):
And that's one of the things I, I find funny about people always. Like if you root for the golf course, I don't understand why golf is the sport where like we wanna watch those guys suffer, but every other sport it's like we wanna see the best, we wanna see football players at their best. Like we wanna watch guys dunk the basketball, make long threes and golf. We're like, no, no, we wanna watch these guys suffer. Yeah. It's because we, it's because we stink and so we watch you on TV and we're like, we want you to experience just like a taste of what I experience every single shot when I play, you know? Yeah. Well I shanked one last week, so there, there you go. P ft. I saw that. That was nice. Yeah. Yeah. I was like one of us. One of us. But yeah. Do you have, do you have stuff that you go out there and you're like, I need to improve on this, but I also have to make sure that I'm not screwing up my normal swing?

(1h 12m 19s):
Yeah, I, I would say most of the stuff I do on my full swing is mostly maintenance. So in terms of just like making sure my setup's good, making sure I'm taking the club back properly. And when I practice at home and I'm hitting balls, I'm with my coach most of the time. And so full swing is mostly just maintenance as far as a short game goes. Like you can always get better. Like trying to improve my bunker game this year. My putting I think can still improve every off season. I kind of have one point of emphasis. 'cause you always gotta be working on everything. And some years it's been my diet last year was my putting one year it was, you know, doing a lot of stuff in the gym. And I think as I'm thinking more and more about this off season, I think I'm gonna focus more on like kind of my endurance and eating better.

(1h 12m 60s):
Like, I'm gonna go back to kind of the diet and workout stuff this off season to be my like point of emphasis just so as a year goes on, you know, I can really kind of maintain the same level of, of performance Probably just feeling better at the end of every round. Yeah. At the end of a weekend you don't Yeah, hundred percent don't have more energy at the end of it. Yeah. And a part of your, your putting improvement was just switching putters, which is genius. I do that like six times a year and never see work out for me. But was, so the, the story goes that Rory said that you should look at a different putter and then next thing you know you're, you're using a different putter and now Rory just shot himself in the foot because now Scotty can put, I don't know if that's something that you actually heard from Rory or if that's something that you had planned for a while.

(1h 13m 40s):
No, it's something that I thought about, but I mean, don't let the truth get in the way of a good story. Right. Okay. We never do. Yeah, Yeah. Never do. Yeah. Yeah. No, it was something that my putting coach and I had thought about and then that week at the beginning of the year I'd improved a little bit, but I still wasn't where I felt like I could be. I felt like we could keep getting better and that was something that, it was nice for me to kind of get outta my own head, look at something different. Like I used to line up the ball where I wanted to hit it when I was putting And it would kind of get in my head a little little bit. And so now I'm just trying to get more athletic where I'm just getting over it, trying to see the break and just hit the putt and kind of let the results be the results. And with the spider putter specifically, I don't use the line on the ball, I just put the ball down and just try and be as athletic as possible.

(1h 14m 24s):
Yeah. Do you have a, do you have a favorite round from this year? I mean you have so many, the masters, you were incredible, the gold medal, I mean that one I feel like we just pass over that you, what you did in that final round to win the gold and come back. Was you just on fire? But do you have one that if you look back you are like, yeah, that was, that was my favorite round. I played in competitive golf this year, I think, I think the Olympics is probably a, a pretty tough one to beat. Just, just the way it happened there late in the round and with it be in the Olympics and that was pretty, pretty special day. Really. Yeah. Yeah. What did you, you you just, just started ripping birdies, like nonstop down the stretch? Yeah, Like we, we made the turn and I had birdie the first three holes did, made par on the ne made pars on the next six holes and kind of missed some birdie putts.

(1h 15m 13s):
Like I missed some pretty makeable opportunities early in that round on the front nine. And when we made the turn, I just, you know, Teddy kind of kept me in a good head space and then, you know, I just started making birdies. But there was a time that we almost felt outta the tournament. I, I had switched my attitude to be like, all right, let's just try to see if we can get a medal. And all of a sudden I started making birdies and I saw those guys made some mistakes. And then I remember looking at the scoreboard when I was on 17 and I saw that Tommy hadn't birdied 14, which was the reachable par five, probably easiest hole in the back nine. And I think ramen made double. And so all of a sudden I thought I was gonna be one back and have that putt to tie for the lead and then all of a sudden I was like, oh my gosh, this putt is to take the lead. And Braa has now fallen even further back.

(1h 15m 54s):
And so now there's only one guy really that has a great chance of catching me And. it was kinda just one of those things where everything fell into place and I had a great back nine and was able to win. Yeah, thank you. I mean you won it for us For America. Yeah. Yeah. We needed that. We actually, I think we thank you for your service. I think we beat China by one gold medal. Yeah, that's true. You, I I think we tied China, I think we tied them Shit, but, but we won because we had more than Medals or other gold. Yeah. So you, we would've lost outright if you had not done that. So you are yeah, American Captain America and we say that to every single person we've interviewed that won a gold medal, but it's a big deal. Like you're the gold medal that did it. Well, to be fair, I mean it's true. Yeah, You are. It's, it's all, you know, everybody that got a gold medal without each one of us getting the gold, you know, would be a different story.

(1h 16m 37s):
Yeah. Yeah. So what's your, what's your favorite trophy or, or I guess you can include the green jacket in this. Some people would put that on the Mount Rushmore of green things if you win a green jacket. But if you were to compare a gold medal and a green jacket, what's better? I don't know. That's tough. The, you know, they're just different. The green jacket is something that I always grew up dreaming about and thinking about, but when you get the green jacket, you know, there's a lot of rules. You can't really do a ton of stuff with it because you're out. Like, I'm the only person that has the green jacket outside the gates of, of Augusta National. And so when you're out with the green jacket, you're representing the club and it's a tremendous honor. Whereas the gold medal, it's a great honor, but there's no real rules.

(1h 17m 17s):
You, it's just a gold medal. You can kind of do whatever you want with it. And so like the amount of people that have seen the gold medal taking a picture with the gold medal, that part's been really fun. Yeah. Whereas the jacket, you know, it's more of an honor in representing the club. And so there's not a whole lot that I, that I do with it other than just kind of chills in the closet and I'll put it, put it on every now and then. Yeah. Well you had the story that you told to the media that you just like, you put on, was it the green jacket and then held a couple trophies and you're like, look at me now to, to your wife. I mean you gotta add the gold medal to that. What, what was going through your head? Were you like, I, you know what, I'm gonna flex once in a while 'cause you are too humble. I, that would be my only tip to you. Every now and then, you should just flex on people and just show up randomly with a green jacket or you know, a gold medal and be like, I'm Scottie Scheffler and you're not.

(1h 18m 4s):
Yeah, I remember that day I, I don't know what kind of mood I was in, but I, I put on because like some of the tournament I was wearing earlier in year, they all give you like a jacket. Like there was a, I had a cardigan from Bay Hill, I had like a plaid jacket then I had a green jacket and I just like decided to put 'em all on one morning 'cause Meredith would think it was funny and just grabbed a couple trophies, walked into the kitchen. I was like, what's up? Yeah, you deserve that down to the coffee shop. Yeah. Just wearing the green jacket. Oh, I forgot this old thing. Yeah. Didn't, you know, add it on? Yeah. Oh yeah. Totally forgot I was wearing it. One of, one of the best things that you did, I thought was your, your champion's dinner that you set up for people at the masters.

(1h 18m 45s):
Your menu was impeccable. I think it's the best that I've seen. And, and some people said that it was like, oh this is perfectly Scottie Scheffler. But they said that in a way like, oh this, there's nothing really crazy on here, but your menu was cheeseburger sliders, firecracker shrimp, tortilla soup, Texas ribeye steak or black and red fish, and then the warm chocolate chip skillet cookie. That is a perfect, perfect champions dinner. So congratulations on that. Did anybody get the red fish or was everybody eating the steak? No, I, some people definitely got the fish. Like that's part of, one of the things you have to do on the menu is you have to have a meat and a fish. And so at the time I didn't even really eat red fish. It was just like, Hey, this is from Texas.

(1h 19m 26s):
Like let's just put that on the menu. If I did the same menu this year, I'd probably eat the fish. Like I've gotten, as I've improved my diet, I've, you know, kind of added some of that stuff in. The only really funny thing that happened at the Champions Dinner was there was Tortilla Soup was on the menu too. And like at the Champions dinner, I sit at the head of the table when you're, when you're the defending champion, you sit at the head of the table with Ben Crenshaw and then Chairman Ridley and everybody kind of sits in their own little areas. Like you have groups of guys where they sit year in, year out. And so most of the older guys are on my left side and they bring out the soup, everybody sits down and they start eating it. And it was unbelievably spicy and like all the old guys on the left side of the table just started coughing and like looking over, you see sweating, they're all looking at me like, dude, what are you doing?

(1h 20m 13s):
I'm like, I didn't know it was gonna be this spicy, I'm sorry guys. Oh man, I like that too. Almost took out all the old guys. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, maybe, maybe this time have you given any thought to what, what it's gonna be this year? 'cause maybe you could put some really spicy in there. Maybe. We do wing nuts. We get you, we get, we get Ed and Alicia from Buffalo to come down and make you guys wings, some Buffalo wings, some chicken wings. Them and them and Ed and Alicia to Augusta would be all time. We should maybe think about it. It'd Be perfect. Yeah. But I mean, if you give something that makes everybody else uncomfortable, that's a leg up for you in the actual tournament. Right? Yeah. Unfortunately it only really took out the guys that had been retired for. Everyone else was fine with it. Yeah. Yeah. The, I So maybe the, this is a dumb question or you don't have a good answer to it, but I'm always curious, you, you, you know, this season has been incredible.

(1h 20m 58s):
You've had an insane stretch the last few years. Was there ever a moment in your journey with golf where you were like, I might not make it like I'm, 'cause I know we know how hard it is, we know the struggles everyone goes through. Was there ever one of those real moments where you had to sit down and be like, is this actually going to be my future? Am I gonna make the tour? Am I gonna be able to like be a player that stays on it for a long period of time? Did that ever happen? Yeah. All, all the time. I feel like, yeah, I went through, yeah, I went through a couple, a couple years in college where I battled some injuries. Like I battled a bad back and it affected my swing for years where I was, I was a really good junior player and I had a great freshman year in college and my sophomore and junior year, I mean, I could not keep the ball on the point I was hitting all over the map.

(1h 21m 43s):
And I mean, it was really hard, you know, I spent two years there not playing anywhere near the best of my abilities. And yeah, like it could, that stuff runs through your head all the time. Like, can I do this? Like, is this really gonna happen? And then I remember when I turned pro, I, I turned pro in 2018 and I started by playing Monday qualifiers like, do y'all know what the Monday qualifiers Are? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I was playing on the KO ferry tour, there's more spots. So I was like, I'm just gonna go try and play Korn Ferry tour Mondays. And I would show up to the Monday qualifier, shoot 6, 7, 8 under not make it go to the next week, fly to like, I remember I flew to St. Louis, I flew to Buffalo, I'm flying all over the country to these random places playing Monday, qualifiers, playing really well and not getting in.

(1h 22m 28s):
I'm kind of sitting there to myself like just failing time and time again and not, and playing, you know, good enough to where I feel like I should be succeeding. And then you kind of get home. I look at Meredith, I'm like, you know, this is hard. This is not what I signed up for, you know? Yeah. This is, it's like you, I think, you know, it's gonna be a grind, but at the same time, I think in the back of your head, you just expect things to go the way that you think they should go. Like you, you just think that you're just gonna show up and play great and everything's gonna be awesome. But there's a lot of times in, in golf where it's just, it's really hard. I remember missing my rookie year on tour. I had a pretty solid fall and then the spring started and I was like missing cuts left and right. And I remember we played a tournament in Tory Pines and I'd shot like seven or eight under the first round on the easier course.

(1h 23m 12s):
Then we'd go over to play the south course, which is much harder. And I shot, I may have shot 80 and I bogeyed like the last five holes or something like that to miss a cut by one. I remember coming off the course and call Meredith to come pick me up and she's like, Hey, how'd the day go? And I'm like, not great. I missed a cut. And she had no idea because I was so far inside the cut line. All of a sudden I miss another cut. And I'm thinking there to myself, I'm like, am I ever gonna make another cut again? I mean, I just bogey the last five holes to miss the cut by one. Like, what, what am I doing out here? And so golf can be challenging like that. I mean, as as things are going great, they can flip and go bad just as quickly. And so, you know, I'm trying to get better at soaking in the good times, but Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean the, the golf, I, I don't know how you guys do it week in and week out because it is the most frustrating game.

(1h 23m 56s):
And to have your livelihood be like, I have to mentally be there every shot and, and like you said, like moments where you're shooting well and then all of a sudden you don't make the cut. I, I, the, the only thing I would say is you guys need to just do a better job of when someone likes, you know, clicks a picture or something and then you're like, oh man, I can't take my shot. That's a little soft, but everything else about golfers is tough as hell. You'd agree? Yeah. Little soft. Yeah, I do agree. We actually, yeah, we experienced that this year. So most of the tournaments in the states, that almost never happens. When we went to the Olympics, I remember getting to the second hole and it's par three down the hill over water.

(1h 24m 38s):
It's like, I think it was a five iron the first day. And like a lot of the people at that tournament hadn't been to a golf tournament before. And I think there may be a law in France where they like have to have the, the sound on when they're taking a picture. And so like you take the club back and all of a sudden like a hundred cameras go off and we're like trying to silence 'em and then like there's a language barrier we can't get 'em to stop. And so basically we just played four days of the tournament with people just like making camera noises, basically the whole tournament. Yeah. That's, that's something that the Ryder Cup is usually really good about. And I'm Thinking myself. Yeah. And I'm thinking to myself, I'm like, man, this is really bugging me. Like I better better figure this out. Yeah, it is. Yeah. Alright, so yeah, we should, we should we get more clicks, we need to be like France. I actually like that law that you have to have the sound on so people can't sneak take Pictures.

(1h 25m 21s):
I don't know the law there, but it, but it is a law in certain countries where you can't just be out like taking pictures of people. So like maybe the way the phone is programmed to where like, you, even when you silence it, it doesn't silence the camera sound. Yeah, I Like that. That It's not a bad. Yeah, you should stand, you should stand on business when you take a picture of somebody in Public. Yeah. You should let everyone know, yeah, I did it. What are you gonna do about it? Yeah. But The Rodder Cup, the Rodder cup's Really good about that, where you've got like a, I dunno, 10,000 people from England just chanting and singing songs and then the second you step up to the ball, it's just pure silence. They just, they they know what to do there. That's gotta be a fun environment to play in. The Ryder Cup is, I would say probably the most fun tournament to be a part of. you know, I remember the one, the one we played over here at Whistling Straits was just nuts.

(1h 26m 5s):
you know, we don't have as fond of memories of, of Rome, but still hanging out with the guys and, you know, making some, some putts and stuff like that is, is fun, but the memories aren't as great in Rome as they were here in the States. Right. Yeah. Next time up. It's gonna be fun though. Yeah, it's gonna be nuts. It's gonna, yeah. Keegan, Keegan is captain too. It's gonna be, it's gonna be a pretty fun, pretty fun vibe. Yeah. Yeah. Have you considered, I know some football coaches actually put this rule in place where they tell their players not to be, not to be intimate with their wives between the months of January and like April, so they don't have a baby during the season. Have you consider considered planning out your future children based on when the master's is gonna be?

(1h 26m 50s):
Not quite. Okay. Yeah. Not quite. We, it's pretty difficult to have babies, so whenever, you know, the next one decides to show up, I think we'll be pretty grateful. Yeah, yeah. The, the have you, do you feel like you're a better golfer now that you're a father? Because I, when I started having kids, I was like, I'm, I'm a better podcaster. I'm podcasting for them. I gotta, I gotta make sure I elevate my game for them. That's just me though. Do you feel that? You know, I think part of it has helped me mentally because like, like you said, golf can be tough and I think, you know, sometimes I'm, you know, we can all be our own harshest critic and so when it comes to like how I'm performing on the golf course, sometimes, you know, when I get off the course and after a tough day I'll kind of look at myself and be like, well what, you know, what would I, if this was Ben, you know, what would I tell him after the day?

(1h 27m 36s):
And so part of that has been really helpful. And then, you know, when you get home, I mean, it's One thing for your parents and Meredith and everybody to say that they don't care what you shoot. But at the end of the day, you know, it means a lot to me. But when you get home and you see Bennett and he just like sees you walk through the door and he is like, Hey man, what's up? Yeah. You truly do just kind of forget about everything else. Like it's it's pretty amazing. Yeah. I'm, when my kids come running to me and, and to gimme a hug, I, I, I still remember like all the, the money I just lost gambling. But yeah, kind of same. I definitely don't let it, I bring that home perspective is, I feel like a really good thing for golfers. Yeah. Because you have, you know, you can be your own worst than enemy, you can get in your own head, but if you have like a well-rounded perspective in your personal life, then you are less likely to just psych yourself out and you're able to go out there and play well.

(1h 28m 27s):
Yeah. And I mean, golf's tough in a sense too. Like, I, I had a great year this year and I still lost a lot more than I won. Like, you, like golf is, you know, you, you kind of live a little bit of a life of disappointment. Like you don't, you don't really win that often. It's not like football where you're winning most of your games or you know, a lot of the team sports where golf, like, if you're struggling, you're just gonna play bad. Nobody can pick you up out there. Like, you're just gonna have to live through it. And then even when you're playing great, you still don't win that often. So there's still a lot of disappointment that goes with it. Yeah. And I will, I will say the, the the what you were saying about your son and what I have with my kids is like the bad days when you come home and like, it kind of gives you that escape where you're like, oh, this is, I just throw myself into this and it's, I don't even think about the bad day.

(1h 29m 12s):
I don't think about the, the golf, I don't think about, you know, whatever's going on. It's like, this kid is just fun to be in his world. Yeah, yeah. Like, you just, you just want your kids to be happy and like, I mean Ben is, I mean he's so young right now. Like he learned how to smile in the last like month and a half, but like getting home and you know, when he like finally finds where you are in the room and he is like, oh, there you are. And he just lets this big smile, it's like, just awesome. Like, I, that was One thing. I did not understand going into fatherhood, like how, how great something little feels like that. I mean it's, it's, it's awesome. It really is Just by, by the way we had your back when it was the whole, like, Scotty will leave the masters thing you got done dirty by the media. They just took a quote that you would, you would hypothetically leave if your wife went into labor and they were like, oh, she's gonna go in labor like any minute now.

(1h 29m 59s):
You never said that. Yeah, No. And she wasn't going to, she was due at the end of that month. We were probably more worried about her going too late and getting into the, like Bennett was gonna come, you know, during the PGA and I was either gonna have to like, leave or not go to the PGA, something like that. Whereas he was due, I think two weeks after the master, so there's always a chance. But like Meredith hadn't been feeling any signs or anything like that. And yeah, it's like you always gotta create a story, right? I mean, Yeah. Did you ask every golfer? We guess after, But there wasn't, there wasn't like a great chance that she, she was gonna go into labor. I'm not even really sure how airtight of a plane we had if she did go into labor. But We, we fell, we fell for the initial headline.

(1h 30m 41s):
'cause we're big time, like, read a headline. We don't really like to read like a lot of words guys. But then when we dug into it, we're like, no, Scotty did nothing wrong. This is the media just trying to make a story out of this. Like they, they're pretending that he's, he basically is like, oh, I'm leaving the second it happens. But you never said it was about to happen. Yeah, I, I mean, I think, I'm sure I alluded to the, he was due at the end of the month, and I think somebody asked me like, would you leave if your wife's gonna labor? I'm like, yes. Obviously it's our first child course I'm gonna leave. Like, what are we, what are we talking about? Yeah, of course I'm gonna leave. Like, that's, that's a once in a lifetime experience and Yeah. But at no point was anybody like, well, when's she really do? I'm just kind of like sitting there like nobody ever has. I, I try to keep my life off the course as private as possible.

(1h 31m 23s):
Like, I, I don't love being, you know, I feel like we live two separate lives. Like we have our life on the road where we travel and plug off and then we come home. Like we have our friends from high school and college, and they've been our friends for forever. And they, you know, it's the same way. They, they really don't care whether or not I, I won this week or not. Like, we're gonna be doing the exact same thing this weekend. It's not gonna change what we do. Yeah, it's awesome. It's good to have that, that's a very smart way to live life. Did you get, did you get dad strength immediately? Sadly not. Oh, No additional, no additional yardage on your drive? No additional yardage. I would say the first, you know, couple months of Ben being alive, like when they're born, like, you're so, so nervous holding them that you're gonna like, somehow break your child so that you like tense up and hold them And.

(1h 32m 4s):
it was actually really bad for my back, the first, you know, couple months now that I've relaxed a little bit. It's, it's a little bit easier to hold them. But I, it was like clockwork would get home from a tournament and, you know, two days in, I, you know, rib would pop out or something like that. Like Yeah. Holding them, bouncing on like just soft little golf injuries. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dad's strength also is just your kids thinking you're strong. That's really, like, my, my middle child is three and she said that I could lift a, a school bus and then my oldest was like, no, he couldn't, his arms would rip off. So I was like, all right, this is a fun discussion, but at least I have one kid who thinks I'm strong. So that's, that's the majority of dad's strength. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, well, Scotty, this has been awesome.

(1h 32m 45s):
I I'm still just laughing about the fact that you like Stu fine in your life. Like, Stu Finer is part of your life. It's, it's one of the funniest things ever. Yeah, that's, yeah. When, when Meredith said that yesterday, I was kinda like, there's definitely a weird feeling. 'cause I've, you know, stew's a bit of a, a loose cannon and I was kinda like my sweet wife. Even I have corrupted her now a little bit. It's like, So good. It's so good.

(1h 33m 11s):
But I, I do have one last question. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase, Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take.

(1h 33m 22s):
It's actually not a question I've been tasked. I have to say thank you on behalf of our boss, Dave, who I don't know if you saw, but he basically like was neck and neck with you in, in, you know, yearly earnings off of Scottie Scheffler. It was like Scotty Scheffer's making money for Scottie Scheffler. Scottie Scheffler is making money for Dave Portnoy all year. So he wanted to thank you and said he appreciates all your hard work for him. Of course. Yeah. Glad I could help. I'm sure. I'm sure if I start losing him money it'll go in the opposite direction just as fast. But, you know, that's part of the life, you know, I'm glad I could help him this year. you know, gambling is, is tough. So glad I could help him out a little bit. Yeah, you were probably the top earner at Barstool Sports this year for Dave.

(1h 34m 4s):
Like, when he looks at the big, like, you know, big board, he is like, who brought in the most revenue? It's like Scottie Scheffler on that list. He probably made more than your caddy. Yeah, he did. Yeah. Just Not You did. Yeah, I think he did. Which is crazy. He just wrote it. He was, he's a Scotty guy. Through and through. Love it. Yeah, love it. Appreciate course. Yeah. Well, Scotty, thank you so much. Anytime you're in town, yeah, we'd love to listen open invite. If you ever wanna watch the live Barstool Sports advisors, we have a simulator here. We get on that you could teach us some things, so we appreciate it, man. This was so much fun. And congrats again. Incredible year. Thanks. Appreciate it. Thank y'all for having me on. It was fun. Enjoyed it.

(1h 34m 46s):
Scottie Scheffler is being brought to you by our great friends over at the Farmer's dog. I love the farmer's dog. Blake loves the farmer's dog. Stella loves the farmer's dog. Yes, we're all farmer's dog people. And Blake and Stella are farmers, dog dogs. It is the best dog food. They ship it to you specifically for your dog. They preport it. You don't have to worry about meeting out the ingredients. All you do, you take it outta your freezer, you defrost it overnight and then boom, your dog's got fresh food. Real high quality ingredient food. And these days they're warmer, the walks are longer. And one easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy dog food from the farmer's dog. It's real fresh food. They deliver it straight to your door. You don't have to worry about ordering it all the time. You don't have to worry about going to a store. You don't run out because they ship it to you ahead of time. I get a text from the Farmer's dog and usually that same day, the Farmer's Dog package shows up at the door. And the recipes are developed by vet nutritionists. They're made from real meat and veggies and they're portioned just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls and feed your dog real dog food with real benefits. It's smart, healthy food that you can feel health, you can feel good about feeding your pup. It's the best option for dogs of all life stages. It's not kibble, it's not canned goo. It's real healthy food. It makes it easy to help your dog maintain their ideal weight. One of the biggest predictors of a full healthy life. The Farmer's dog released a new commercial telling the story of a dog's unconditional love for its human And. It reminds us that no matter what happens in our day, we can always feel good about doing our best for our Canine Companions. Check it out on their Instagram at the Farmer's Dog and you can get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food at The Farmer dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/pmt to get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/pmt and get 50% off for the Farmer's dog.

(1h 36m 45s):
Scotty was also brought to you by our friend over at Amazon. Thursday night. Football is back. It's only on Prime video this Thursday. It's the Buffalo Bills taking on the Miami Dolphins. These two teams, they don't like each other very much. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Street and Kaylee Hartung for the high powered A FC East Showdown. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight live from Miami. And if you're not a Prime member, not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. I'm excited about this matchup. Big Cat. Yes, the bills and the dolphins. I have a feeling that we're gonna get some points. There will be points this Thursday night and the only place to watch it is on Prime video. Bill Vertol 7:00 PM Eastern Thursday Night Football on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.

(1h 37m 36s):
And now here's Thomas Hammock. Okay, we now welcome on. A very special guest, he's head coach of the Northern Illinois Huskies. Off their big win in South Bend on Saturday. Coach Thomas Hammock Coach, first of all, congratulations. Incredible game, incredible story. How are you feeling right now? I wanna say great job with your schedule having a bye week after this. But how, how are the vibes? Are you guys still kind of processing everything that happened on Saturday? No, still a lot of positive vibes. I'm certainly excited. We got a bye week. We get a chance to lock them back in on the practice field, but the kids are excited.

(1h 38m 17s):
There's a lot of positive momentum for our program and I'm anxious to see how we can use this to catapult us into a higher level. Yeah, It was awesome seeing you guys on Saturday. It was one of those stories where I feel like most of the country, if not all the country besides Notre Dame fans, were rooting for you guys. Super, super hard, And. it was cool to see after the game, you got kind of emotional in the interview on the sidelines, which is completely understandable. I got emotional watching. You get emotional. Was that something that just hit you like a wave after the whistle was over? Or did it take until, you know, you go about your business, shake hands, and then you start talking on the sidelines for a reporter and then it just, it it comes over you all at once?

(1h 38m 59s):
When did that, when did that strong, strong emotional pull take over? Well, it was such a competitive game back and forth that you never really had a moment to, you know, relax and understand what was happening. And then when we blocked that kick, the emotion was shock elation. I couldn't believe it. Our kids believed they, they stayed in a fight. They continued to work. I told 'em all week we, we didn't need luck. And that wasn't a, a lucky win. I thought that was a, a win where we showed, you know, a level of physicality that we were able to match that team. Yeah. So I, I would make a terrible coach 'cause I'd freak out at the first second of, of something bad going on.

(1h 39m 41s):
I know you've said afterwards that you, you gave the message to them that they can win this game and you believed it, but Trust Tree, the game starts, Notre Dame goes right down the field, scores seven points, you get the kickoff, kind of a messed up kickoff. You start at your own two. Tell me, was there a little part of you being like, ah, maybe we can't do this. You know, I think that's natural, right? We played Michigan in 2021 and got the, the brakes beat off of us and came back and won a championship. So when that ball hit the ground, you know, I started thinking about what type of message will I give to these guys if it doesn't go our way. But we stayed in the fight.

(1h 40m 24s):
We ate that touchdown by Ontario Brown 83 yard pitch and catch that, that settled us down and then we was able to continue to, to move forward from that point. Yeah, Because it is when, when you have these games where it's like a Mac team, a G five team going up against a Power five team, it is like, you know, the beginning of the game is really important because you want to have your guys believe that they can do it. And it couldn't have started worse for you in that sense and and still the guys stayed in it and fought. Yeah, no, we talked about handling the environment early. And, we didn't do a good job early in that game. And so in a game like that, momentum, the crowd, you know, if they would've went up 14, nothing, it, it would've been hard to come back.

(1h 41m 5s):
Yeah. But we, we, we covered the ball, got into the two yard line, was able to have a 98 yard drive, and then from that point it became who's going, who's gonna want it the most. Yeah. And obviously we did at the end. Yeah. And it. Yeah, go Ahead. I was just gonna say, when you were playing against a team like Michigan or against Notre Dame, w is, was your message kind of the same going into both of those games? Did you, did you see something from Michigan that you saw at Notre Dame or was it completely opposite? Like, do you always say we can beat these teams when you go up against a powerhouse like that? No, the message was definitely not the same. And I actually got myself in trouble with, with our football team when we played Michigan. When we played Michigan.

(1h 41m 46s):
I thought it was the best team I've seen in College Football at that point. And after they beat us pretty good after the game. I said they built a team to beat Ohio State and they haven't lost to Ohio State since that team was different from a physicality standpoint, from a offensive line, the tight ends, the D line. And I, I really felt, you know, it was not a good matchup for us. Whereas that was three years ago. We've had three years to mature and grow into a more complete football team. And so when we walked into Notre Dame, even though they were a really good football team, I thought we matched up well in the trenches, which normally makes the biggest difference in the, those type of games.

(1h 42m 27s):
Yeah. And, and the message after, like PFT said the, the wave of emotion, but I thought what you said too was so cool because college football's changed and it's, you know, you, you have to admit that it's changed. The NIL the transfer portal and your message about, you know, family and keeping these guys here. I know you guys lost a few guys to the transfer portal, but what kind of like, going forward, having a win like this, it has to be huge for your program knowing that like, you have that message and you could see it on the field and people are watching that game. Like, we're different here. Right? No, you wouldn't believe how many, you know, young people have been in my, my dms talking about, I want to come play for you. It's almost like that, that Jerry McGuire moment when, when he hugs them, you know, when when Rod had, he was his only client and he hugged them when he made, made good plays at the end.

(1h 43m 19s):
And then all the other players started thinking, why can't I have a relationship with my agent like that? Yeah. And so that, that's been the, the moment since that game as, as a lot of people want to come play for us, unfortunately, you know, we, we don't have many spots left, but I think we can build upon, you know, genuine relationships because there's still a lot of people that that, that want that. Yeah. And it's, it, it is just such a cool story And, it really is like what we love about College Football shown through on a Saturday. Ha has it set in that, it's weird to say, but that was the biggest win in northern Illinois history. I mean, I know you guys beat Alabama in 2003, Jordan Lynch finishing third Heisman, you know, Mack Championships.

(1h 44m 3s):
But is that weird to have that happen and be like, wait, that was the number one win in NIU history and you're an NIU lifer? Well, you know, I went to a Catholic school in Fort Wayne, Indiana, so I am well aware of everything about Notre Dame, you know, from all of my buddies being big, huge Notre Dame fans to watching them growing up. So I was aware of, you know, what a win against them would mean and just to find a way to get it done. How many times have you been in games or seen games like that where, you know, the guy jumped over our safety and the game changes. Right. But we were able to stay in a fight and find a way to, to make a couple plays at the end to give ourself a chance to win.

(1h 44m 45s):
Yeah. Did You have any friends and family members that were upset with you for beating Notre Dame? You know what, all of my, all of my buddies and, and, and family, although they are Notre Dame fans, they said for one day they, they were rooting hard for the Huskies. So that was, you know, meant a lot to me that They probably said that afterwards just because they were like, yeah. Was, I was totally rooting for you the whole time, coach, you know damn well during the game, they were like, come on Irish. Yeah. Make this 61 Yard fieldable. No, I I I agree. I agree. I'm sure they were rooting for it and then when it turned the other way, they figured they couldn't lose either way. Yeah. Yeah. So, so your pre-game speech, I have a question about that. You said Rocket Ismael's not walking through that door door, there's no chance a room full of 18 to 22 year olds knew who you were talking about.

(1h 45m 29s):
Did you, was there a moment where you're like, I need to, I probably should have done a different name here? Yeah. you know, when you, when you work on those speeches, you, you get yourself all prepared all week and you like, I'm gonna really get 'em this week. you know? And so I walk in there and I'm like, Hey man, rocket Ismail is not running through that tunnel. And to me Rocket is, Ismail was one of the best College Football players in College Football history. And they kind of looked at me like, I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm not understanding what you're saying. And so then I had to give a couple more names so they can under, you know, people that's played in Notre Dame that's had tremendous careers. So I gave Joe Montana, you know, everybody knows Joe Montana.

(1h 46m 11s):
Yeah. Jerome bes Ricky Waters. But you know, in my mind, I, I thought it was gonna go a different direction because I have tremendous amount of respect for Rocket Ismail. That's perfect. Did you think at any point in your pregame speech be like, Hey guys, I know this is Notre Dame, but we've been, you know, we've gone to Kalamazoo on a Tuesday night, you know, 30 degrees and sideways snow, like there's ion's tough you guys, you guys, like South Bend is something, but you, you have to go to, you know, play ball state when it's, when the wind is whipping and there's like 20 people in this crowd. That's tough too. No, those are tough moments because you know what, it takes a lot more to get 'em excited to play.

(1h 46m 53s):
But Notre Dame had a tremendous atmosphere. A lot of fans, you know, those guys get up for those type of moments, especially on national tv. So, but I I, I understand your point. Yeah, yeah. Now you got the tough job of making sure you don't eat the rat poison because everyone's saying really nice things about you. Right? Like, you guys, you guys are America's sweethearts right now, and I'm sure that all your players, they, they enjoyed themselves after the win as well. They should. It's a massive, massive thing. But now you almost have to like, bring that back down to Earth, be like, we got the rest of the season ahead of us. Yeah. I think our players know me well enough now. They, I've recruited all of them. They understand what I demand at practice, what I expect, the standards and expectations.

(1h 47m 36s):
So when we get on the practice field tomorrow morning, they understand full paths. It's gonna be physical, like a training camp practice, and we're gonna get better on, on, on the practice field, and those are the things that's gonna help us continue to stay grounded. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I saw that you offered to help out Marcus Freeman after the game. Like, was that right after the game where you said, coach, if there's anything we can do to help you guys for the rest of the season, if you want to, if you want any of the stuff that we saw on tape that we took advantage of, you're happy to help him. That's it. I feel like that's an unusual thing for a coach to offer to an opponent that they, they just beat. Do you think he's gonna take you up on that? Yeah, he, I mean, he has taken me up on it and we've talked on the phone a couple times and exchanged text messages.

(1h 48m 19s):
It was my first time meeting him. Obviously, I have a lot of respect for him as a head coach. I want him to do well, you know, for obvious reasons. And, you know, just because we compete, it don't mean we can't help each other or try to assist each other to make each other better. you know, sometimes when you become a head coach, you don't have many people you can really rely upon because nobody's going through what you're going through. And I understand, I don't understand what he's going through, but I have an idea of some of the things he's going through. And if I can help him and help him achieve the, the type of things he wanna achieve, that's what it's about. you know, paying it forward. What they're never gonna play us again.

(1h 49m 0s):
So we will never be a common opponent and you know, I want him to, I wanna see him win a national championship. Yeah. He's at a program that can win a national championship. That's very cool. Plus if they, the more games they win, if they do make it to the playoff eventually and they do win a national championship, then you can just say, we're actually the national champions because we beat the national champion. Yeah. Also, no, I want them to win. I want them to win a lot of games. Trust Me. Yeah. Also, don't sell yourself short GI mean, G five gets a spot in the, in the playoffs you could see Notre Dame again. You don't know. Yeah. What if you give him all this advice, then he uses it to beat you. Come On. Hey, listen, we'll, hey, we'll, we'll, we'll go over that bridge when it happens.

(1h 49m 41s):
All right. But, but, but certainly I just wanted to, you know, be a resource for him. That's Fair. I have another question about a different coach. You were roommates with PJ Fleck at NIU. Yes. Yeah. Was there ever a moment where you're like, Hey, pj, just chill out, man. Like, I don't need any more motivational sayings. Like, I'm good, You know, I've known him a long time and he understands who I am and what I'm about. And so he has a persona, you know, that, you know, has worked really well for him. But when he comes around me, he understands, you know, listen, I'm Thomas and you PJ And, we going, you know, we going to address each other as such, you know, like, we like, you know, like we know each other.

(1h 50m 22s):
Yeah. you know, sometimes old Friends, some, Sometime he called me Coach Hammock, I said, don't do that. Yeah. you know, we not going, we not gonna play that type of game. Yeah. And I mean, but we, we, we are, we are great friends and you know, I, it was exciting that he was able to, you know, share that type of message and the pride that he has for NIU. Yeah. PJ's a friend of our show too, that it's, I mean, he, he's got the motivational sayings. He gets everyone pumped up. I, I have one last question for you. It's, it's not about NIU, but I'm just curious 'cause I, I'm a Wisconsin badger and you were a coach there. Yeah. Two, two different stints. You were the running backs coach though, with a room of Melvin Gordon, Monty Ball, and James White. What was that like?

(1h 51m 2s):
Just being like, look at the, like the town Melvin Gordon, I think his first year didn't even get many carries 'cause and he ended up being, you know, whatever second all time or third all time in a single season rushing. What was it like being in that room with those guys? Well, first of all, I'm glad the transfer portal wasn't around when I was coaching those guys because there was not a, a chance in hell that you can keep all three of those guys in your program. But they were highly, highly competitive. you know, it was fun to coach if one guy did something, the other guy tried to do more. I actually have James White on my staff now he's working for us and doing a great job. But all three of those guys were unique in their own way.

(1h 51m 45s):
We also had two fullbacks that, that got drafted. Brady Ewen and Watt, you know, Derek, Derek Wat Yeah. So we had five guys in our room that all got drafted, you know, off the same approach. And, and they were very professional in college. And what a, what a great, it was a great time to be coaching those guys. Yeah. And you must have, I mean, as a running back yourself and a running back coach, that big 10 championship game against Nebraska must have been like, that's, that's the peak of running back. That's, you can't listen, you can't do better than that. That was the most fun time I've had. Well, hold on a second, Mo Yeah.

(1h 52m 25s):
From Saturday. Yeah. But you know, the, the roll up 500 and something yards in Nebraska and the thing about it, we played them early in the year at their place and lost by three. And so they thought they had a real good tendency on how we was blocking the jet sweep. And so we changed some things up during the week. And, you know, all, I think Melvin had over 200 yards. Monte had over 200 yards and James had 150 yards. So those three guys won us the championship. Yeah. Who was who? Those linebackers, Who was that linebacker on? Was it Will Compton? Yeah. That was a linebacker on, on Nebraska when you were, when you were watching film ready for that game. You were like, I'm gonna run that guy over. We're just gonna run right at him.

(1h 53m 5s):
No, he was a, he was a heck of a player in college. He would, he would hit you hard and in your face. But we ran around him. We got the ball to the perimeter. Yeah. So he wasn't as involved. Hard hitting, but maybe not the fastest guy in the world. Yeah. Yeah. Good game plan. Yeah. Yeah. Great game plan. Good play. So Coach, I had one question actually about your fullback. Is it Brock la? Is it Lamp Lampe Brock. Lampe. Brock. Brock Lampe. That dude was knocking people over left and right. So we do a, an annual award here on the show that gets handed out to the nation's top collegiate fullback. And I think we're putting him on the watch list as a running back with a, your running back background.

(1h 53m 46s):
How, how nice is it to have a dude like that that can take two guys out of a play at once? Listen, he's so valuable for our offense and getting our run game going. He does a lot of the dirty work that people don't see, that don't show up in the stats, but are are, are very noticeable to the coaching staff. And, we wouldn't be able to run the ball the way we, we'd like to run the ball without a guy like him. So to have him on your watch list, I can't think of very many guys in the country. That's gonna be better. I love it. Yeah, he's he's very high up there. Yeah, that was, that was almost, I almost give him credit for a fullback win. Yeah. But we don't do that. It was a great team win. Yeah. Well, coach, thank you so much for your time. Best of luck rest of the season.

(1h 54m 27s):
Might have to get out to a game. I mean, I love maxing more than anything, so we appreciate it. And yeah, go, go get in the playoffs. I need a Mac team in the playoffs. That'd be great. Nothing better. Thank you. And go Huskies Yes. Go Huskies. Go Huskies. Thanks Coach.

(1h 54m 45s):
Coach Hammock was brought to you by our very, very good friends over at Cresco Labs. That's right. Sunnyside Cannabis Dispensary is your home for judgment free cannabis shopping. It's a place where all visitors are welcome to explore, discover, and purchase a wide array of high quality products. Sunnyside's, Illinois' favorite dispensary. They have city locations in Wrigleyville and River North, plus eight other dispensary locations throughout the state. They have an expertly curated menu, easy online ordering. And in-store pickup. Sunnyside has everything you need to elevate your session if you're starting out. Sunnyside offers expert guidance and brands that we know that you'll love. Like Mindy's High supply, good news and more. If you're a pro, we've got you covered. They have over a hundred cannabis strains on the menu. New ones added weekly. Be sure to try Cresco and Flora Cal for incredible quality and consistent products. Visit Sunnyside shop for for Bright buys every day, including 50% off your first three online purchases, half off your first three online purchases when you use Code High Barto. That's H-I-B-A-R-S-T-O-O-L. High Barstool at checkout. To qualify exclusions apply Only one, only for 21 and over were Illinois medical card holders.

(1h 56m 5s):
Coach was also brought to you by Chevy. This is a Chevy truck podcast. Chevy's been a big part of the PardonMyTake of my take story. Going back years and years, we've been driving around at Grit Week in a Chevy. Got us to the ocean, got us up to Rams training camp Charger training camp got us all around And. it was all done in a Chevy. There's a reason that we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. That's because for Pardon My Take, there's only one pickup truck. It's the Chevy Silverado. It's a partner that you can depend on. They also sponsor the Lowman Trophy. Maybe Northern Illinois might have a full back. That will be included on the watch list for the low man trophy coming out soon. Dude's a beast just like a Chevy Silverado. We love the new blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss comes with massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views, help make driving, towing and parking all easier. I actually, sometimes when I'm, I'm driving the El Camino Big Cat, I try to parallel park. I miss the screens. Yes, I need the screens. Yes. And Chevy Silverado has so many screens. It's a breeze to park. It's a breeze to drive. It's legendary, it's gritty and it's also very, very comfortable inside. So head over to chevy.com. Build your own Silverado or Silverado hd. Check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover, world of strength and capability. All behind the wheel of our favorite truck in the world. The Chevy Silverado.

(1h 57m 24s):
Okay, let's wrap up the show. Hank FAQs. Did Big T give a comment? Yeah. Big T I'm, I'm speaking with him right now. Okay. Big T says, all I can confirm is that the song plays after touchdowns. J's song plays after his touchdowns. And someone else had reported it. And then he sent me a link of the North Dakota State game. It says go to 1350 and turn your sound up. It plays after the touchdown. Does It play the fight song first? Standby. Can we get a pinky bet before the start of week two for panthers giants and maybe throw in Washington? That's a little premature Pinky bet. Huh? What Pinky bet I think he's asking for. He wants your pinky team maybe. Oh no, my pinky team comes after week two.

(1h 58m 4s):
But Those are three bad teams. Yeah, those are, those Would not be, They have to be teams that are reasonably, you could see winning the Super Bowl. Not Washington, Washington Super Bowl. No, I told you we're not thinking soupy right now. Yeah, we're one week at a time Command or Panthers Definitely not Bengals. Bengals are making me nervous 'cause they're playing the Chiefs and I don't wanna do that because they could definitely win the Super Bowl. I have to feel it too. It's not, I'm not gonna just pick a team. It's a team that I'm confidently saying will not win the Super Bowl. I think the Bengals could go oh and two and still win the Super Bowl. Got the Falcons. Falcons could be on that list. People had some buzz about the Falcons. Yeah, Jets. Jets could be on that list.

(1h 58m 44s):
The one scary one that has come in my head. Packers. You couldn't do That. I couldn't do that. No. Imagine if the Packers won the Super Bowl and I also had to cut my, the tip of my pinky off. It Would make you feel better. Maybe also, at least this is my pain. Yeah. For The Jets. Aaron Rogers, the boogeyman Would also Be, he doesn't hurt me anymore. It was not when he did it. But what? But what if he Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You can't do the Jets because you're, I would you're inviting the boogeyman back in. That's True. You're like, I miss you Boogeyman. Yeah, That's true. What are good old interviews or shows that newer listeners should give a listen to or a personal favorite? Oh, that's a, Ooh, that's a good question. Question.

(1h 59m 24s):
Someone asked me this the other day. I I think the, it was the funniest when it happened. And, it still holds up is the, the Martin Reley interview Yeah. Was so funny. Reley was good 'cause it was so ridiculous. I'm like, what? PP ft got actually heated. I think I told him I would, I would fuck his mom. So ridiculous. Yeah. Gary Busey is another one that slept. Oh, that was Slept on. That was A wild one. Gary slept on Stone Cold. Oh, dog to Bounty Hunter. I I, he hit me up. We got, he hit me up and was like, I, I don't think I've dmd him in six years. He hit me up yesterday outta the blue To find the poop eating guy. No, he was like, we got a, it was like a poster.

(2h 0m 6s):
I think it was maybe a missing kid or something that he's looking for. And he, he was like, Hey, your last message went to Spam. Hope you're well. And I was like, What, do you need from me dog? And then he sent me a number. He is like, hit this person up. We'll coordinate a three-way call. So I might be back on the dog. I might, I might be back part Of the time. Tell him that you'll help him find the kid if he helps you find the guy that said he'd poop out of Solo Cup. Yeah. I mean this is, if if my number gets called, I'm, I'm there dog. But who else? Other ones? Not, not Kareem. I Actually, the, the first time, well it was the only time, but it was the first Grit Week. And, we swung through Youngstown and interviewed Jim Tressell. Jim Tressell was very Good. Jim Tressell I thought was a good interview.

(2h 0m 46s):
Yeah. Yeah. Like I think any of the ones that we've had on multiple times, if you go back to the first one, they're always great. Like the Harbaugh first one, Joe Buck, first one, Jerry O'Connell first ones is probably pretty Good. Yeah. Any of those are really fun because it's like, you can see the beginning of the relationship. And it, You know John Cena first one. Great. John Cena. First one was great. Yeah. Yeah. John Cena, first one. Great. That one sounds so good. Hey guys. Not a FAQ but more looking for advice for my boyfriend who works for a famous politician who has recently come under heat for using songs to walk out to with, without getting them cleared first. Do you think that he should tell the person he works for to keep doing it and keep playing the song, using the song?

(2h 1m 29s):
Or hold off until the legal team's figure it out? Mm. Everyone really loves the song he comes out to. That's a good question. So I guess I'm not, I'm not a legal expert, but from what I know about copyrights and songs, if you're using somebody else's song, even if it might not even be the person who wrote it, but sometimes publishing companies own the rights. Yeah. To the song that somebody else wrote. If the publishing company finds out that you're using a song that is their property, then they will sometimes engage with you and you don't know what your liability is. And then you have to wait for all the dust to Yeah. To settle after the fact. And if you've been using it for a while, then you wanna make sure that you're not giving them anything else to talk to you about when they're talking about all the other times that you've done it.

(2h 2m 17s):
Also, I, I'm just assuming this is Trump and Trump's a guy who, I mean, he, he, he talks about everything. So if he's not talking about this, there's probably a reason. So you like people probably ask him Yeah. And it. Like why aren't you addressing this? It's like he he would address it if he could. That's A good point. He Probably can't it Or he would find some way to like Yeah. Subtly address it Right. Without talking about it. Right. Which subtlety maybe not, but Yeah. Maybe not that. Yeah. Some, some people might think it's subtle, some people that would listen to it would be very confused and not understand what he's talking about. But some people would understand the Subtlety and those people that would get it. Right. He would appreciate those. And if I know Trump, like I know Trump, I know he would work hard to figure out a way to, to cares about the people. Make it work. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah.

(2h 2m 57s):
Right. So might not work right now, but he's gonna find a way to make it work. He Probably just, and if you keep asking him, he's probably not gonna be able to answer It and he'd probably just say like, bear with me. Yeah. I'm on your side. Yeah. They're only coming after me 'cause I'm standing in front of you. Yeah. That's what he would Say. Yeah. I didn't get shot. Yeah. He didn't or did, did he Didn't. Oh, you think he didn't? No. What? His ear is fully recovered. Yeah. You, his ear just started spontaneously bleeding. Hey. Yeah. No, he did not get shot. Okay. Okay. All right. That's a take. He did not, I Okay, that's a take. I, I said that's a take. I don't agree with it, but it's a take. Hey, can we unpack this for a little bit? Yes.

(2h 3m 37s):
Somebody died. True. They got shot in the head. Somebody. Are you just finding this Part unfortunately Died? No, I know. I know, I know. Okay. And then his ear was bleeding and then there's a picture of the bullet going past the back of his head. And then the FBI said that he got shot. Have you seen pictures of his ears? A, a closeup of his ear currently Hank's Right. They did regenerate pretty quickly. But your ears have a lot of blood flow. They regenerate. Does Holy Ghost Not of No, that actually is, that actually is maybe like, I didn't dig too deep into it. I saw it's like a Vander Holyfield's ear has not regenerated. Oh, Trump is totally fine. I think there's a difference between regenerating Minutes.

(2h 4m 18s):
It's not like a lizard's tail where if you pulled my ear off right now, I'd come in in a week and have an ear that grew. Wouldn't He be talking about it more? You don't think he talked? I think about it. He's, he's been talking About it. I also think he's like, I mean if you get sh if you come that close to dying, it's gotta fuck you up. Bad, bad. Yeah. I don't care who you are, it's gotta fuck you up. Alright. Maybe it got shot. I don't know why I even said that Last seven QI like it. Yeah, you took a shot at a take. It's important. It was good. It's important to have a take. This is PardonMyTake of my take. Take your shot. Last one. I feel like this is a, is there any other good ones? Ooh, last one. I guess out of the last ones. Long time listener. First time texter with the Patriots.

(2h 4m 58s):
Big upset on Sunday. This means summer of Hank is still going. Oh, summer technically isn't over. No, I do not think the summer of Hank is still going because based on Hank's body language on Sunday after the Patriots won, he wish he was golfing. Yeah. You can't deny that you did not care. Yeah, You can't deny it. Sundays were tough. You can't, Sundays and Fridays have hit hard. That is the true sign. Sundays are the best. How are Fridays hitting hard? 'cause I'm here later on Fridays. I was like, I was like every Friday he was golfing every Friday. That was, that was the yak. It was yak my yak. Fridays. Those are over. 'cause I have to be here later on Friday. And then Sunday also. It was like Friday at like one o'clock Sunday at one o'clock.

(2h 5m 40s):
Those are pretty much every day, every weekend of the summer. You have the Friday scaries. Yeah. What Do you do on Fridays now To wait for advisors? Oh, damnit. Damnit damnit Damnit. You have to do your job. I know, it's fine. But yeah, no I I, I think the summer Hank's over it because he summer Hank means that Hank is doing whatever he wants to do and living his best life. He was not living his best life. I think the official conclusion of summer of Hank was when he lost Mount Rushmore. When he lost the dual, that was the end of it. Because now you've got this big, big dark rain cloud that's hanging over the back of your head and you're gonna be thinking about the nine Darters and the nine Darters. You're gonna have to get it In nine Darters. Although, yeah. Yeah.

(2h 6m 22s):
I'm not getting a nine Darter. Yeah, You are not with that attitude. You aren't Just do it. Come on Hank, just do it. Hank, you gonna watch Kent State Tennessee on Saturday? Fuck no. I think you're not gonna get your TV situation. Probably it's s espn. Yeah, You're gonna do that on purpose. Alright, good. Show boys. Numbers 23 56, 8. Come on. Memes. Nine. Someone did say And. it was a very mean thing to say that PFT and memes have the same number of lottery ball wins as their teams have wins.

(2h 7m 6s):
That is a very mean thing to say. That Was a very mean thing to say. I said no, no, no. Don't say that. Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate That. I told that person you're a bad person. I don't, I don't even care. Yeah. What was that P Say it again. 9, 7, 12, 8. It's gonna be eight. Why would I care? I'm gonna get it right now. 12. 12. Did you guess 12 recently? No, I don't think so. 12. I think it's The second timer. In the past couple weeks I was rooting for you. Love you guys.