
Hey. Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We recap an incredible masters Rory. Finally does. It completes the career Grand Slam. We have SVP live from Augusta, as is tradition, a tradition unlike any other. Recapping the masters. Incredible weekend of sports. We're gonna talk some NBA playoff seating finally set. We are gonna do who's back of the week? We are gonna do a little reading. Great, great show. The sports were great And we gotta, we gotta talk about it. And Rory, even though we were haters tip your cap so we'll, we'll, we'll break it all down. It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA 82 Game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the high stakes drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting. Trafficking sportsbook has you covered. As an official sports betting partner, the NBA from the playing game all the way through to the finals. Now's the time to back your favorite player and teams as they chase glory. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30 points, 40 or more? It's your call Ready to place your first bet. Download DraftKings Sportsbook app. Now lock in your bets and let's make the Playoffs run unforgettable. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Make it a playoff run. To remember what DraftKings download the Draftking Sportsbook cap and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy. Mindset. Yeah, mindset. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Make it a playoff run to remember with DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take, that's code take for new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, April 14th and Rory McElroy has done it.


He has completed the Career Grand Slam. He's your masters champion for 2025. And holy shit, that was an incredible Sunday of golf. I love that. We got free golf. Yeah, that was the, that was the perfect cap off to a, a great masters. I wish we had more free golf. I wish the playoff went on credit to us for accurately picking what was gonna happen at the end of this masters or saying it was our wish only almost exactly spot on with Whitney. I think the exact clip was, if Rory has a five foot putt to miss to go to a playoff, will you be rooting against him? And I said, yes, absolutely. And I was, and the hate, listen, sometimes as a hater you gotta tip your cap and be like, we got bested today.


The haters got bested. But I I, we'll come back stronger than ever though. That's have the thing about the haters. The haters are remarkably resilient. Yeah. And I have no regrets too because there's, golf is obviously an interesting sport to root for because it's not like you're rooting for your team. There's a bunch of guys, you have guys you don't have guys. I would rather have a set of guys that I root for and a set of guys I hate than be like, I'm just rooting for whoever wins. And then when they win, I say, what a great story. Rory deserved it. IWI was, I was hoping that he, Justin Rose is gonna win in that playoff, but Rory exercised every single demon with that insanely schizophrenic final 18 because he went, I think he had six birdies, three bogies and two double bogies.


He choked multiple times, including on 18. And then he comes back and birdie's 18 and wins the masters. So, and, and I don't think I've ever seen anyone more relieved, happy to win a golf tournament than Rory McElroy when he won the Masters. So I think Rory might be his own biggest hater. That's the thing here. That's why I'm kind of okay with how it turned out. Rory loves to choke himself out. Yeah. And it's like good Rory and bad Rory out there on the course. And it's always like, good Rory trying to fend off bad Rory for just long enough to make it work. Usually I, I feel like bad Rory is like six and three over. Good. Rory. Yeah. And we saw bad Rory take it to a playoff against good Rory even to start he went double bo to start.


Yeah. Yeah. Bad Rory. He teed off on one. Yeah. And good. Rory was like, fuck you, I'm not gonna let you take over my day. Played pretty well. Then the nine happens. He hit second nine second. Oh fuck. Sorry. Can we bleep that out? Yeah. Bleep that out. The second nine happens and the patrons were all going up and down alongside Rory. 'cause I feel like most of them were cheering him on. Yeah. And but then the second you see some cracks in the armor, you get that little, it, there's like almost excitement to see how is Rory gonna choke this one out again. Yeah. And then on 16 he hit it in the water on maybe the easiest shot ever. And this, this my friends is why you should never lay up because Rory tried to play it safe. He laid up, then he, a little chip shot into the water.


If he hit that second shot with some balls and said, fuck it, I'm gonna try to win this thing. Then his second shot goes in the water and then he takes the drop and he avoids the double bogey. Yeah. So he had that happen. He was probably pumped that Augusta doesn't allow cell phones and cameras out there. So Yep. Nobody had any bad footage of it. Didn't have to confiscate. And then on 18, going into the bunker and when he misses that putt, there was like a groundswell of excitement in the crowd. Yeah. Which is like, we're witnessing history here. We're witnessing like nobody had thought that Rory could choke things away worse than he has in the past. This would be an all timer, what was that? A three footer? Five. Five or six. It looked three. It looked three on tv. Yeah. So then I feel like people started to get excited.


I started to get excited to see another classic Rory choke job. But then I saw he is playing against Justin Rose in the playoffs. And if it was a guy that I felt strongly about one way or the other, I think I would've liked to see that person beat Rory. But with Justin Rose, it's like, oh, we were, Hank and I were watching, we were still, we were still rooting against Rory. Justin Rose here. You, you should feel bad for Justin Rose. That's his third second place at the Masters. The second time he's lost in a playoff. He lost to Sergio. Sergio in the, in the playoff at the Masters. And also Justin Rose had 10 birdies today, 10 birdies in his final round. And he lost and he Missed, he just missed that short putt on 17. I know there were so many incredible shots, both good and bad.


It was just the best. It was the best. And I, like, I, so I was thinking about it because I was really bummed out when Rory had completed the 10th and I think he was four shots up. And I was like, this is gonna suck. There's gonna be no drama. He's gonna go on and win it. He didn't have to be pushed to that limit. 'cause like Bryson just had a horrendous day. Sorry, Bryson Dcha bogey. Yeah. As Skip Bayless calls him, had had a horrendous day. Was like a total non-factor after the, like the fourth hole. And I was bummed because I wanted, if Rory was gonna win the career Grand Slam, I wanted to see him push to the brink. So, and He almost went in the water at 11. Yeah. That's when I was like this over. Yeah. The ball. That was, that was when I thought the first time.


It's his day. It's over. Yeah. He got it. Four shot lead avoided the water. But the fact that Rory was pushed to the brink made me, even as a hater, I had to tip my cap and be like, that was incredible. Like the, the career achievement. He waited 11 years to win his next major. The last one was in 2014. He was, you know, he had the four shot lead in 2011. And I, I'm just happy that he got pushed and he choked and he unchoke and he choked. And then he got like, the shot of a lifetime on 15 was an insane shot. So I, I can, I can, I can lay my sword down and be like, you know what Rory, you deserve that. Even though you choked like four times, you deserve that. 'cause you bounce back after every single one.


Yeah. He, he could have quit at any point. He he beat all the haters. Yeah. Including us. Yep. He beat everybody he was competing against and he beat himself, but in a good way. Yeah. He beat the bad version of himself. So he truly conquered the world today. And for the Rory fans. By the way, when we have Scott Van Pelton, which we do, every masters live from Augusta. He will, he will wax poetically about Rory. So you'll get Oh, you'll get all that. Jim Nantz almost laid the, the biggest jinx of all time waxing poetic on Rory. Oh. Went down the 18th fairway. He did it. Talking about like how he grew up. By the way, shout out Rory's dad. I don't know if Rory's dad had a future bet on him to win the Masters. Like he did the, the open championship. Yeah. I think he won like $400,000 on that the first time where he won. Great dad.


But yeah, Jim Nantz was just, he was laying it on. He unloaded the clip thick with like seven Cs and they had the, the graphic, if he, if he didn't win that eighth, that playoff, the graphic of him lining up his putt on the 18th that says going for Career Grand Slam. Yeah. Would've lived in infamy. Yeah, for sure. Also, yeah. Shout out, shout out to Skip Bayless for dropping Bryson. Bryson Desha bogey on us. Yep. On a Sunday. That's one of the ones hand up. We missed that one big time. But that's why Skip is the man, that's why he gets paid the big bucks. I was getting accused of jinxing 'cause I was like, Rory's got this. It was right after the ball didn't go in the water. I was like, it's just his day. And then I realized like you, you have to have those moments where you're like, listen, you could, you could be a narciss narcissist and think that you can actually affect these games, which he can't.


And that you jinx it and then you have to realize there's a higher power at play. And his name is Skip Baylis. Because right before, I think Rory went into the water officially, he tweeted, congratulations Rory, for winning the 2025 masters and completing the career Grand Slam extraordinary performance. Was I Ever Wrong about today? And Bryson Dham bogey. Yeah. That was, he tweeted that on the 12th hole. I think I tweeted out, congrats to Rory on winning the masters at like 10:00 AM this morning. Yeah. I was just, I was so pumped up to see a potential Rory choke job. And he gave, he did. That's why I'm like not as, as ma if he had just waltzed into a four stroke victory, I would've, I would've been a real salty bitch right now.


He really did. Like he gave us all the chokes and then he still won. Yeah. So I'm like, you know what? Fair play, like shake hands. Good job. You gave me the moments I needed, I needed those moments where it was like, holy shit, this is actually happening again. And then he eventually gets the, the Grand Slam. I'm ha I am happy for him that he gets the monkey off his back. In that respect, it was a win-win. Yeah. Truly for everybody involved. Also, I dunno if you saw this, but last night, my man Skip put this out. Rory McElroy is the LeBron James of golf. Mm. A supremely gifted nice guy without killer instinct. Bryson Deja Bow is the Jake Paul of golf. Oh. Who isn't afraid to do it his way.


Skip a just definitely walks around all day looking at things and being like, you know what that reminds me of LeBron James. LeBron James, who I hate by the way. Yeah. Go take Paul too. I think, I think Skip is in love with LeBron James. He just wants one measure. He sees him everywhere. If LeBron would just mention him once, once would be great. One time. It did Feel as a hater. Yeah. Hank, you're actually the, the, I think if we ranked our hater ness of Rory here, you're number one. But you, you defended him when he, he stole the young man's cell phone. I made one side comment, but I that Was, remember that was because he, he thinks he's, he thinks he, he takes side of the players. He's No, no. That was just one comment guys jumped down my throat about, but I was rooting against him.


It felt very similar to 2016 LeBron similar, where it's like you, you root so hard against them and they accomplish, you know, history and it's basically, it's, you're never gonna be able to get your level of hate up again. No. He won, He won Warrior. Because if LeBron lost the, you know, that Warrior series and like, you know, his finals record, you could always run that narrative. If Rory chokes this, the narrative never goes away. Now it's like if you're hating it's just, he it's, and it's a much harder hate. Yeah. We had to retire it. That's what I'm sad about. Yeah. We had to retire because Rory, no matter what he is now the sixth all time to have the career Grand slam, the only the second next attire woods to do it in the last 50 years. So, like in the modern era, he's, he's, he, and I actually think I'll say this, I think Rory might go on a hot streak.


Yeah. Because like, that was, that did feel like the monkey off your back Steve young moment where the way that went down and the ch and the chokes and the unchoke and the big shots and the shot of a lifetime. Rory might just rip off. You know, he might get to 10 majors, he'll Call it right now. He's got nothing to lose. Yeah. When, no, when Tiger came back and won at Augusta. Was it 2019? Yeah. 18. That felt like he left it all out there. I we all kind of knew like, yeah, this is, it's incredible that this is happening, but let's not expect Tiger to go on one of his runs with Rory. He's been so close so recently that it's like, and he's Yeah, he's been incredible. Yeah. He's mean rode to Dubai. Yeah. Ever heard of it rode That was more important than the, that's what got the monkey off his back. What did you guys make of it came out afterwards that Rory refused to say a word to Bryson during the round.


I kind of love that Bryson said he wouldn't talk to me at all. Yeah, I love that. Because Bryson probably his brain was, was was malfunctioning being like, but my PR team told me that if I do, the YouTube guys will talk to me. Well he he needs the comment section to get his next jokes. Yeah. Bryson was, I mean, I, I still, I I bet on him to start the day just because I was like, I want to bet on something. And I had no other bets going. And I was so, I was begrudgingly a Bryson rider. I I didn't like it. A Ryder a Ryder, I didn't like it. He, I mean, he just was a not, I I actually think Rory kind of rope a doped him pretty well After the first hole, like after the first hole, you're like, Bryson's gonna win this going away.


And Bryson got comfortable and then just kept on going down. They did an interview with him afterwards and they were like, what happened with, with one of your misses? I forget which one it was, but he was like, yeah, you know, the, the wind picked up after I hit it. So there's really not a lot I can do about that. And then he like, looks at her and goes, I guess I'll just have to learn to hit the ball harder. So now he's, that's, that's his solution for everything. He's gonna have to drive the ball farther. Was that the interview that they awkwardly did during the playoff? 'cause there was that one where they cut to Bryson were like, we don't need to hear from Bryson. Yeah. You're done. He didn't finish Second. That's always such a disappointment when the last group, when it, it is worse when both guys don't end up in, in competition at the very end. But when one guy Yeah. Just bows out.


That's just sad to watch him finish the round of golf. Well, and, and o how do you say his name? Oberg. Oberg. Yeah. He hasn't earned the lock. That was tough. Listen, 18. Just making everyone wait because he couldn't hit. He just thought that, I thought that was great for the, I thought he was icing. Rory I know was like, I was, I was pumped about it. See, this is why he's the number one hit. I love it. I I bet on I'm gonna call him May Barrick until he wins. He doesn't deserve that. I bet on him. And Hank please remind me to not bet on him to win any majors. That's Tough because, 'cause he's going to, But here's the thing. Did you see how he finished Today? Yes. He choked last year too. Yes. But, and this wasn't just a choke, like he Could've easily been Yeah, he Could've won. But if he had the lead outright and that's how he ended his round, people would be, let's say he was in the final group today and that's how he finished his round.


When he was in, he was in contention to win. People would be talking about that as maybe the biggest meltdown outside that French guy at the open championship. Yeah. Or Greg Norman. Yeah. But no, I think it would be like just as bad if not worse than Norman, the way he played those last few holes. Yeah. I kept saying as a hater, I was like, you know, me and Max were in here and pick up the end. But I was like, what if he just, you know, duffed one a hundred yards in front of him? Or like, what if he just hit a tree and it just came backwards? Lu Big actually did that. Yeah, he did that. Like he just hit it into the bunker. Yeah. Hank He went bunker. You were both the opposite. Hank. I was, I was sitting there asking questions like, I think blah, blah, blah. And he was like, nah, Rory's got this every time. He was like, this is easy for him.


Up, up and down every time. Hey, Hank also shushed us before a tee shot. I was like, did you Just shush us this? They were talking about the fucking in this draft lottery rankings. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's the other thing. We gotta figure out how to get to the lottery. Yeah. It's in Chicago. Is it really? Yeah. When is it? I don't know. It's it's like very private. But we That's what we were talking, I was saying I hope the Bulls don't make the playoffs and I can be in the lottery. 'cause I, I'm convinced in my dumb brain they'll rig it for the Bulls. I need to be in The audience. Yeah. I gotta be in the, I gotta, I gotta be. Or maybe they have an audience. Maybe the Wizards. Like who else are the wizards gonna ask to like step in to be the representative? Yeah. Washington Wizards. Listen, I would love to represent that you love The Wizards after I, I've always, always Loved the Wizards. Nobody beats the Wizards baby.


Yeah. Ards, I'm a Bullets fan. Yeah. The that, but the whole whatever it was last two hours of the masters on Sunday, the whole round, the whole round, Like three shots swing off the jump. And then it was just, but Especially the la when, when Justin Rose started making his moves. I mean, what a fucking putt on 18 too for Justin Rose. But that it was just, it was sports at its finest. Like, I was just sitting there smiling ear to ear being like, no matter what happens here, it's, it, it's, it's you, you know, you're watching history. And it ended up being real history 'cause of his grand slam. It was great. It was great. And our boy Max T 12. Yeah. Love it. Back to he gets automatically back to the masters next year.


Max had a, a great weekend. The, the round that he shot on Friday, I think it was a 70 that he shot on Friday. That was the best 70 that you'll ever see in your life. Yeah. He was, he was scrambling all day. Somehow made it work. I'm very happy for him. I'm also very happy that JT didn't do that. Great. Sam. Yeah. Because if, if JT had finished like top five, his caddy is Max's old caddy that broke up with him. Well, Just for this week. Yeah. Just for this. But still, which is a fill. But still Max, max doesn't need that. No, no, no. Max Max might be back. This might be the start of the championship. DVD got him pumped up. Just, he's a superstar. What else? Oh, I was, I think we all, we, we weren't talking about it before, but I, I said before the whole Sunday started, and I I think you'll agree with me.


PFD like when you were looking at who could win this Patrick Reed somehow like winning it would've been hilarious. So funny. And he actually, If he didn't 15 Yeah, I know the eagle that he pulled out. Hold in, hold out. Yeah. He ended up what, like third or Fourth? Well, no, he had a, he had a birdie put on 15 that he three putted. Like he missed the, missed it, it so bad and missed the par putt, which is two shots. Which Did You guys, he would've had, he'd have been tied. Scotty was a little extra icy to Rory in the Butler cabin. I didn't sense that. I ki I, I sense Scotty being not like in a fuck you way more in a, I'm the best golfer in the world. I should be winning this every year way. Like he's pissed off at himself. Yeah. He's gonna go on a a fuck you tour because he, I mean he had Saturday was what did him in what?


He ended up finishing fourth and he just couldn't, he could not get it going on Saturday. He's also gonna be the new narrative guy. He might just be a masters merchant. He's got, he's got a win in major that's not the masters. Oh, you think so? I'm thinking like you Oh, you're, You're just looking For the new narratives. I'm thinking Rory's, that that was the narrative. Yeah. For a long time. Not only at the Masters, but 10 years at Majors. You know, he kind of choked at the, at the open a few years ago, last year at the US Open. Interesting. That's a big narrative. Narrative that's gone now. Mm. Scott, I've already seen a couple tweets where it's like, Scottish Scheffler is the best in the world. People compare to Tiger. These are his, you know, finishes and majors in his last 10 majors. It's not the greatest. I like that narrative In terms of being called the greatest.


You know, he's the number one. He is the best. Like you're Right. That's gonna be, he finished tied For a second in the PGA two years ago in the US Open three years ago. But still Hank narrative. He's the narrative finder. I like Scotty. I like Scotty too. I'm just, I feel bad. Like, it's like someone's gotta take up that torch and he's he's the number one Yeah. He's the number one golfer. I'm a Scotty guy. I do think that golf is one of those weird sports where you get accused of like, Hey, why are you, you rooting against Rory? It's like, I just can't, I have to, I have to pick my sides in golf. I can't be whoever wins. I'm just gonna be like, oh, I'm so happy for them. Yeah. It's, it's, it's only, it's more fun if you have your sides. It's a weird sport.


It's like this. And I guess auto racing is kind of similar. Yeah. NASCAR where you just like pick a guy and you're like, I enjoy rooting for that one person. Right. And then if they have any sort of like any semblance of beef with anybody else Yeah. Then that guy is now your mortal enemy because you like rooting for that other human. I know that, I know that the beef has been squashed, squashed with Bryson, but I did feel dirty betting on him today. Yeah, you should. It's like I just, I I don't really want to do this. I don't wanna be a brier. I generally would just root for, I just enjoyed, I, I guess this is a little sick. Like, I like chokes and like comebacks. Yeah. Right. Like, I rather you want story. Yeah. I want, I want something to happen If we're gonna, if I'm gonna be invested. I Don't, you're a journalist at heart. I don't care that much about the players per se, except for a few.


And, but yeah. Rooting against Rory's fault. You Care about the sport. Yeah. You, well, you care about the narratives and the course. I like to be entertained. You're a journalist. I'm here to be entertained. You Are a journalist at heart who won the journalist lottery. Do we know that? I don't know. Let's see. I did see, I did see there was Kyle Porter, who actually like, and he does a good job writing about golf. He had one of those tweets this morning and I was like, dude, you, you don't really have to say all this. What I know. I know what you're Talking about. Yeah. This was before the round PFT. He said, I'm completely fine if you wanna call me head of the glaze committee or whatever When it comes to Rory, totally get it.


Completely understand. I've seen every comment imaginable and a lot. I wish I hadn't. We all probably take it too far at times. Me possibly most of all. It is strange to cover a generational athlete like this though. Someone who could go down as one of the 10 to 15 best ever and is 150 year old sport. Someone who also lets you induce humanity at times, both publicly and privately. I like Rory personally, of course, but I also think his golf and his life bring out the best in me, the best of my writing and my thinking about this stupid ridiculous game. Certainly there's a rabbit hole that you can go too far down and find yourself in too deep. You might be there, but I would always rather err on the side on that side than on the side of holding back my writing about a sport I've truly grown to love, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


But yeah, saying he brings Rory's play brings out the best in me as a writer. I love that. That's good. Yeah. Iron sharpens Iron Glaze committee. Chairman of head of the Glaze committee. So I can't find out who won the, the lottery. But Jay Busby said they've just announced the winners of the Masters media lottery and you're going to be getting some good, here's how I played Augusta stories on Tuesday. So a little teaser. Mm. Apparently it's worthy, worthy selections this year. I know JJ Watt's playing. He is, he's, he tweeted that. He's like, I got lucky enough to be able to play on Monday. Is Ken Griffey Jr? I don't know. Did you see that? That'd be pretty cool. Yeah. I mean, he's a professional photographer. Someone's like, this is the greatest way to Backdoor your way into a tee time.


He rocks. Ken Griffey Jr. Yeah. Him and Randy Johnson. Yeah. Yeah. Big, big photo. Did you see what many people are saying? Might have spurned Rory onto Victory. Okay. No. Yes. Oh, the reckoning. No, I was, I was gonna say he's reading a book. Yeah. Yeah. The Reckoning. Oh, that's the name of the book. Yeah. Yeah. I liked it better when they just reported that he was reading a book. Oh no. It's way better. Okay. Did you, so it's the reckoning first page. Here's the, here's the first page. This is gonna be part of my Monday reading. I have a different one for us. But this is, this is the start of the reckoning. It's a John Grisham novel. On a cold morning in early October of 1946, Pete banning awoke before sunrise and had no thoughts of going back to sleep for a long time.


He lay in the center of his bed, stared at the dark ceiling and asked himself for the thousandth time if he had the courage. Finally, as the first trace of dawn peeked through a window, he accepted the solemn reality that it was time for the killing. The need for it had become so overwhelming that he could not continue with his daily routines. He could not remain the man he was until the deed was done. Its planning was simple, yet difficult to imagine it's aftershocks would rattle on for decades and change the lives of those he loved. And many of those he did. That's the start of the book. Okay. It's time for the killing. I like it. Yeah. I I also like that John Grisham, all of his books are just the, and then a random word. Yeah. You just, he he's like, okay, I've got a good idea for the next one.


It's gonna start with the Yeah. And then he flips the dictionary and stops on where he is like, okay. The client. Yeah. Yeah. Good. The fountain head, is that one the Yeah, that's also John Grisham. Yeah, that's John Grisham. Other notes from the masters. Shout out Nick Dunlap. That was, he actually gets my green jacket if we're giving out a personal green jacket. He shot a 90 on Thursday and basically the worst round you could possibly shoot, had the yips and came back and shot a 71 on Friday without, could have easily withdrew. He was like dropping his, his driver on in the tee box constantly. He's my personal green jacket. So I, I was looking up the worst rounds ever shot at Augusta. The worst round ever shot.


Technically never happened at Augusta. Oh. Because the guy that shot at Billy Casper, he shot it in 2005. He shot 106 Whoa. At Augusta. But in an all time baller move, he finishes and refuses to sign the scorecard. I love that. So it doesn't officially count. I love that. So the 106 that he shot is not the worst round ever shot there. Okay. That's, that was very smart of him. Also, another note from Augusta, which is I think very important, probably the most important thing that happened for everyone who's watching, there's a huge collectible difference between Rory winning and Rose winning Masters 2025 flags would not sell out if Rose won badge would be half as collectible.


Mm. That's what I thought of immediately when it happened. The badge, the badge half as collectible. That was from Darren Rave. He had, he had an all timer. Let, let me pull this up real quick because he, he half as quick. He's been on one this weekend. This was sent to me by our good friend and kickoff ruiner Sam Schwartzstein. Mm. Should items, this was a, a picture of gloves worn in the frozen four. Okay. This weekend, the person who wore the gloves scored, shout out Western Michigan by the way. Yeah. Maxin. Incredible story. One going away against BU on Saturday night. So this guy scored four goals. Tony. Tony, she by the way, shout out, said Darren Revelle says, should items like this go to the Hall of Fame In an era when collectibles are becoming more increasingly valuable, they sent the gloves to the Hall of Fame and Darren's saying, why are these going?


Why, why should anyone be able to enjoy these when one person can pay for the right to only have them enjoy it? Yeah. Why should the whole world be able to go visit these gloves and see history instead of just one privately wealthy person be able to put it in their house? Yeah. Why can can't be like, Hey, check out these gloves. So why is this in the hockey hall of fame when I could buy it and then put it in my closet for 60 years? Makes a lot more sense how he had that MLK memorabilia more. Everyone was like, this should be in a museum. Dude. More increasingly valuable. Yeah. Is also a great sentence. The other, the other story I had maybe all time vibes guy also, maybe something you need to work towards Hank the marker. I didn't realize they changed their marker. Oh my God.


So Ed Augusta, if there's an odd number of guys that make the cut, they're the last pairing. The last person plays with a marker who's just a member at Augusta. This person plays with them, plays around with them, doesn't keep their score. Also picks up anything within eight feet. But is a really good, really, really good golfer. The guy's name is Michael McDermott. So I think they had one marker for like 20 years. This guy took over a couple years ago. Might be an all time vibes guy. So he played with Tom Kim on the third round. Tom Kim had his best round of, of the weekend or of the week. Shot a 72. And then Brian Campbell today shot a 68 with Michael McDermott the marker.


So that's gotta be the coolest thing. We were talking about the Ebu with Whitney. The fact that there's a guy who gets to go play Sunday pins in front of the crowd is one of the coolest things ever. So also with this guy, he doesn't have the score. Like you said, he is not allowed to speak to the media. Yep. And he does not get his name on the back of the caddy. Yep. So he, this the guy Michael, what's his name? Michael McDermott. He's also apparently the, the CEO of a financial company. Yeah. And he's a member at Pine Valley. Marion and Augusta. I looked it up. Pine Valley is Marion is the fifth best private club in the country.


Pine Valley's sixth. So imagine like this guy going to Pine Valley and being like, yeah, this actually is my least favorite private club because he's also a member of Augusta. What if he shot like he Is like the greatest networker of all time. That's what I was like. Right. Apparently he's an incredible golfer, but Still there's plenty of incredible golfers. How do you, you know, well get access to all these places. You have to be to let alone then be like o of all the Augusta members to be like, all right, you're gonna be the marker. I Think it has to be. 'cause there's a lot of Augusta members like Bill Gates and Roger Goodell who like, you can't have them be the marker. It's gotta be kind of someone a little bit anonymous and a really good golfer, but oh my God. I mean that's the coolest. He must just pray.


He must be, he must be the most nervous person on, on movie on Friday. Right. Just praying for an odd number. Right. And you also like, you know, they have to do it this way because if they just got a random person, that person would talk to the media. If it's an Augusta member that, that guy's never ever gonna say a word to the media about anything because he doesn't want to give up his privileges. What if he shot like a 66, 67, he two rounds a row. Like what if he would have made the cut, he beat. There's stories, the previous one beat guys sometimes. Like there was, I think there was a story about a marker beating. Was it Jeff Knox? The previous one? Yeah, The pre, this guy has the course record at Augusta And he beat a player in around and like the player got.


Oh yeah. Sergio. Sergio was pissed at and Rory pissed at him. And Rory he was pissed 'cause he was too big. Well, Rory chokes, I think he beat Sergio and Sergio was mad about it. McElroy, Rory would later say that Knox was the best I've ever seen on Augustus Greens. Ready Garcia finished one over 73. Knox finished 72. Garcia refused to shake Knox his hand after the rounds. That's awesome. And like Tiger Woods would go, like this guy was, this was the marker that I, I heard the story about this week. Like Tiger would go to this guy before every like master's tournament and like ask him about how the greens like Yeah. How they are at that time. Like this guy is such a legend. That guy had just, if you're the marker at Augusta, you are just part of the golf course. Right?


Yeah. You I have a question about Augusta. Hank, did they take a bunch of trees out? Isn't that a story? Hurricane. Hurricane. Yeah. The hurricane out made it a lot easier. Did It at 10? I feel like there was times where Rory or anyone would hit it into the woods and then they'd go to Dottie who's phenomenal by the way. Dottie's like so soothing. I just, they'd be like, Hey Dottie, what do you see? And she'd be like, he's got a perfect look. Not much here can, like, he can just go right over this tower. He's got no problem. There's no trees. Not Aber A wasn't good. They gotta get more trees in there. Fucking tree magnet. I just want, What do I, A shot tracer is part of it too. The shot tracer, like it initially will go right and you're like, oh that's gonna keep going. Right. It kind of straightens up And they just go right in the, in in the fairway.


But I just, when you get in the woods, I want you in the woods. So yeah, the hurricane took him out on 10. That's nature. The guys guys were cutting the corner. Yeah. Like it was, it was ridiculous. There you could see where there should be trees. Yeah. Get those trees back in there. Get those trees back in there. Incredible golf tournament though. Happy for Rory. Begrudgingly. I mean that show of emotion after he did it, that was as genuine and as cool as it gets. Even even my cold hater heart could be like, man, he the, the amount of room dream come True. Like The relief though. There's, it's, it's different than a guy winning and you know, if Roy had won in 2011, it would've been nothing like that Winning.


Now the relief that he has that he finally did it. 'cause if he had spent his entire career being the guy who was one short of the career grand Slam, it would've haunted him. So I yeah, I I I'm happy for him. I know, I know. That sounds pussy 'cause we were haters. Well, no, I mean, it it was fun. We saw him choke. He choked. Yeah. That was good. I'm happy for him. I'm sad for my hate. Yeah, That makes sense because it's gone. My hate is, it's it's Over. He extinguished it. Yeah, he vanquished it. What what was the genesis of your hate towards Rory? Was it, it's not it's live guy. It was lot of live stuff, which Liv I'm, I think I'm done with Liv. Although some, you know, they did. You can't say that. But our boys, my, I mean Brooks Max Camp Smith, my three favorite golfers and Brooks and Camp Smith.


That hurt a lot. But it was, it was the live stuff and then even like the US Open, no it was really Ryder Cup. It was the opening Ryder Cup was for me, It was the open Camp Smith. I was rooting so hard for Camp Smith and rooting for Rory to miss those putts. And he kept missing 'em and he kept missing 'em. That was so fun. And then he did it again in the US Open. It was so fun. So it's not like a deep rooted hate, a little different than LeBron. But that open verse, camp Smith was like such a fun Sunday viewing hating experience where everyone was rooting for him. He had so many puts and he just left everything so short and then it happened again against Bryson. Like that it was the US Open was shocking. Yeah. When he, he was those Three footers. So that was probably the genesis.


Mine was the Ryder Cup hack gate. Remember the fight in the, in the parking lot. I just got very, you know, USA Oh fuck that. It is tough when you kind of like a guy and then you have to compete against him in the Ryder Cup. Right. And you're like, fuck this guy then forever he's got that, that state, like, I I rooted against him that one time and I kinda liked it. Right. And I kind of want to keep doing it that. Yeah. 'cause I wasn't a na I'm not a natural Rory hater. Like I didn't have a really a, a strong opinion about him for whatever the first, I don't know, 10 years of his career, then Ryder Cup, then the cell phone, then just some of the media stuff to live sp off the wheels out spinning the wheels off Sp off, off. Which I actually loved because it was just great how upset everyone was.


But yeah, that's where, that's where mine came from. Why are you bearing the lead though, Hank? You might be done, you might be done with Liv. Are you gonna unlive yourself? Don't do it For the Masters. Yes. I'll not, I'm done with with thinking that, you know, the live guys can make it happen. The masters. Do you think there's any I'm gonna do it next year then. Yeah. Good luck. Hater Max. I mean, there's A hater void, but It would be right, like if the, if the year that you stopped Doing it. Yeah. Do you think you don't wanna miss out on that opportunity? There's anything to be said with the Liv guys did really well the first year that Liv happened and they competed in all these majors. They did really well. And then as the years have gone on, yes.


It's 'cause they Yes. They all have a ton of money. Yes. And they're all playing 54 holes, right? Yeah. Tournament, what is it? 56 54. 54. 54. And they're not, they're not pushed the same way. I Yes. I I've come around, I've come all the way around. Okay. Who are The four ACEs again? It's Patrick Reed, Dustin Johnson. Harold Varner and oh, We were so close. Let's go. Peter Uline. Okay. No, he was definitely as a, as a while ago. Yeah. It's Been two years of you trying name before. Well they change a lot dude. They're going through some stuff. Dustin Johnson.


Harold Varner. Patrick Reed. Har Harold Varner. And who's the last one? Thomas Peters. Oh yeah. Like, Come on Belgium. All right. Let's, let's talk some other sports. We're going, we're gonna do more masters with SVP. He's live from Augusta as his tradition. Before we talk some more sports.


Gametime. The NBA playoffs are here. The only place to buy hard to get playoff tickets. And is Gametime the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports. Hank, can you look up Bulls heat? I think it's Wednesday night. The play in game. Sure. With Killer last minute deals, all in prices, views from your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NBA playoff tickets. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets to tip off. You can save up to 60% when buying last minute tickets. Plus on April 22nd for Earth Day, when you select and purchase a super deal, Gametime will plant a tree with the proceeds. Looking at tickets here for bulls heat, $50 bulls are about to go on a run. Keep saying, I think they can beat the cal. It starts on Wednesday night. You can get in the building for $50 Doing this amazing deal for $50. Go see. Believe dude, No March is not real NBA basketball. But now we're in real NBA basketball. So go United Center 50 bucks bowls heat. Take the guess. We outta buying NBA playoff tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime.


We're also brought to you by Stella Blue Ats. Stella Blue Coffee. We believe good coffee is one of life's non-negotiables. Our delicious roast are available in cold brew K-cups, ground and whole bean formats to seamlessly fit into your morning coffee routine. And the best part, each purchase purchase helps save homeless pets. Now you can also fuel your mornings with battle bars. New dark chocolate espresso protein bars. Do I have one on my desk or do we have one in here? I just ate half one. It. They're so good. They're good. They're so, so good. They are battle bars. We, we teamed up with battle bars. They have caffeine in them. They're, they taste delicious. Each bar packs 17 grams of protein. A hundred milligrams of natural caffeine and zero fake sugars to keep you powered up and dialed in. Every bite is battle tested and Big Cat approved Shop today@cellbluecoffee.com or battle bars.com while supplies last. They're really, really good. I love them. And we, we worked on the whole, the, the battle bars guys came in, we worked on all the formulas and they came out great. So go check out cell blue coffee.com or battle bars.com


Alright. NBA playoffs are here. We have our seeding. The Cavs are the one seed they're gonna play the winner of the magic or sorry, the winner of magic heats. He hawks loser verse heat bulls winner. I hate the plan. I hate the plan. Yeah. Celtics of the two seed, they're gonna play the winner of Magic Hawks. Nicks v Pistons Pacers verse bucks. That's the east, the west is thunder verse the Warriors Grizzlies Loser versus the King's Magic winner. Again, I hate the playing rockets of the two seed versus the Warriors Grizzlies winner. Three seed is Lakers T Wolves, four seed is Nuggets.


Clippers. We had crazy dramas going on during the masters. The Warriors were trying to not be in the play and they lost in overtime to the Clippers. Thoughts boys? I'm excited for some playoffs. I do not like the play in because I've, I've said from the beginning it is a ploy for the Jerry r store type owners to convince their fan base that they've made it to the playoffs when they have not. I might like the playing game. I like watching play the, the playing tournament for, for one exclusive reason. This postseason? Yeah. That's if the, if the Maverick's go in a little run. Yeah, I that would, that would be very, very funny to see. But outside of that, no I don't, I don't like the, the playing tournament sucks like eight seeds.


Give it to us. Eight seeds. Don't bring the nine and the 10 into it. The regular season's long. We've got a big enough sample size. We introduced this just so that we could try to get superstars in that were playing on shitty teams. It sucks. I don't, I don't like it at all. It's, think about this, I know obviously the Warriors can win and get in, but the Warriors are 48 and 34 and there's a world where the Mavericks at 39 and 43 could get in over a 48 and 34 team. Right. You played 82 games. It's stupid. And I, again, I I'm personally biased because I, Jerry Reinsdorf uses the Bulls being, I think this is like the sixth straight year that we've been in the playing game. It makes the regular season mean even less.


Which is hard to do for the NBA. Yeah. But somehow you manage, you manage to water it down a little bit more. It'd be so funny though if the Mavericks won run that's in the name of hilarity and just like chaos. That's what I'm rooting for. NBA should have had the schedule today, tomorrow. Yes. Like insane. Insane. To go up against the masters. It's so stupid. So Hank so we're, we're gonna do a big preview probably on Friday. Maybe get windy on or ow Hank you are wanting who? The magic or the hawks? I'm wanting the hawks. Okay. So wow. We've been, we've been bad. So you're Scared of the magic We have as bad a record against the magic as it might be the worst record we have in the last like three years against any team.


Really? Yeah. Interesting. I think we're like two and five or three and six or something in the last Nine. Are you more scared of the magic than you are of the calves? Possibly. Yeah. You disrespect the calves So much. I'm not worried about the calves. Yeah. Yeah. I'm the bulls could beat the calves. You keep saying that and you're just, you're, that means you're scared of the calves. Like that actually says that you're scared of the calves. 'cause you keep saying I want the bulls to beat the calves. I think it's, I didn't say I want them to. I'm just saying like the bulls are trending. Calves are overrated Again. March basketball we played a week ago and the calves beat us by 20. I think it's half Hank disrespecting the calves. Half Hank hating the CVEs.


And then the last is Hank being like half scared of the CVEs. Yeah. Three halves to Hank's hatred. I'm very excited for the west playoffs though. 'cause the Lakers and t worlds are gonna be great. TWIs have been playing well down the stretch. I mean, I don't know where the wor the warriors like rockets old heads versus new guys. Yeah, it's gonna be fun. Well a Doca revenge. Yeah. Yeah. And then Ja morant the grizzlies. I don't know, I, I want Jah to keep playing more 'cause I want him to keep finding different ways to pull out weapons, fake weapons like throwing grenades at the crowd. I want him to turn like a nuclear weapon key. He has to get a teammate to help him do that one. Yep. I want, I want this to keep getting, getting more and more violent and then Ja just being like, fuck it.


Fine me do whatever you want to. Nobody's talking about the rockets. Nobody's talked about the rockets all year. Rockets are good. Should we put some respect on the rockets? Well the rockets are like the thunder last year. I would like to, or you could just say they're really good but they gotta go through it once. I would like to officially put some part of my take respect on the Houston Rockets. Okay. Can we do that? Okay. Respect. Done. They got the LeBron Stopper. Yeah. Respect on the Rockets. But I just think that they're, they're too young. Five year playoff tr done gone. James Harden no longer on the team. Not walking through that door. But James new guys Emay. Yeah. Good Coach Ee is a very good coach. Great coach. Still don't know what he did. Yeah, that's kinda weird. But he's a good coach. The Clippers, we should, the, the Clippers scare me as a, as a Nuggets Fairweather fan.


Anytime Kauai is healthy. Yeah. You have to be scared of the Clippers because he still will like the Clippers could absolutely beat the nuggets and then Kauai and then we will get a story that Kauai actually is hurt and he's out for the rest of the playoffs and they'll lose. And then some team will give him 200 million. By the way, speaking of the nuggets, so Friday night Yoic sealed a triple double for the season. Third time ever that it's happened. Oscar Robinson, Russell Westbrook, Nicole Yoki for averaging a triple double in a season. Pretty crazy. He's not gonna win MVP this year. Partially because SGA has been incredible but also little voter fatigue. Does anyone want to guess what Yoic his response to averaging a triple double for the year was after the game is good.


Pretty close. Okay. He said it's nice. I think I didn't do that before. I don't know. I don't know what to say. It's good. There we go. That's perfect. I, I think I didn't do that before. He's the fucking best. Yeah, no. Like remember when Rus wes did this the third time it's ever happened. Yeah. Remember when Rus Westbrook did it and was like, was crashing every free throw to get the rebounds and everything. Yeah. And yo's just like, it's good. I don't think I've done that. It's nice. Yeah, it's good. It's nice. Very nice. The, the Westbrook series. From the Nuggets to the Clippers, I feel like the team that used to have Westbrook on their roster usually wins these types of series.


I might just be making that up. It might be based off vibes, but I feel like getting to play against him every night is good for the team that used to have him. 'cause they're constantly being reminded like, thank God this guy's not on a team anymore. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Even though he, he's kind of been a, a, a little bit of a different player for the nuggets. Maybe he can just go revenge mode. He could go, but that's what I'm saying. Yeah. It's not good. Then when he goes revenge mode, that's actually, it's bad. Yeah. Do we have any thoughts on LeBron's shirtless warming up? Isaiah Thomas was in tears. I think his disrespectful to, to the game forever. I know, I, I loved how upset Isaiah Thomas was he the G league? He was so mad. He was so, so mad about it.


I dunno if you can find the clip sweaty. Yeah. LeBron, his nipples protruding disgusting. It was like an empty arena. And Isaiah Thomas was just, he was gonna cry. He might be going through some body image issues of his own Who? Isaiah Thomas. Yeah. I mean the fact that he freaked out by seeing this, get this, get this jacked, shirtless guy off my screen. Yeah. The fact that he gets that upset by seeing another man take his clothes off is true. Pretty su suspect. Yeah. It's suspect. Yeah. We did actually get to the bottom of PF t's thing with the We did Jim. Yeah. He was jerking off in the guy's face that was jacking off in his face. Yeah. Apparently that's gay and guys can't jack off you that that dude's never, he told us after we stopped recording, he is like, oh, I forgot I, I was jerking off in his face.


That dude has never played a team sport. If he's getting upset about having a guy jack off in his face in the locker room, come on man. Alright. Yeah. Play it. Play it. Max Shirts and skins is what they're doing now. I I i, I just totally 100% object to this. I was a GM, a coach. Me too. I would never let one of my players walk out on the floor looking like this. I mean, we are professional NBA league. We ain't, we ain't Summer league. We ain't, we ain't, you know, at, at the YMCA League. Listen, I think, I think coaches gotta go back to Suits after I just mean abm.


Absolutely. Oh, He almost swore. I just, I just think, I just College Jam Pro. I just think the professionalism and all NBA league has diminished so much. And, and I, I, I look, I like LeBron. I'm a Fan of his, that means he hates LeBron. But to walk out on the floor before a game with no shirt on and shoot, I mean, come on man. This where we at? What we doing? Oh. Where we at now? If you want to, Adam Silver, if you want to find somebody, find that, Find that spoken by the Hall of Fame.


I love his whole thing. 'cause he, I think he's in love with, with LeBron. Yeah. 'cause he's like to see a man out there on the court, no shirt off. It's also funny working out, looking all strong. The only, the only word that comes to my mind is fine. Yeah. Fine, fine. That man. Fine, fine, fine. His ass. Yeah. It's also funny that Isaiah Thomas was like, if I were the GM or the coach, like you were both Yeah. And you, and you were, you were fired for, for bad reasons. Yeah. Really bad reasons or good reasons. I would say bad things, but good reasons. I would say. Which Big Cat, which do you think is less professional? Working out shirtless. Yeah. Or sexually harassing your entire staff.


Yeah. It's, nah man, LeBron put a shirt on fine. Because that's how sexual harassment starts. That's true. Broad. Walking around without a shirt on, he's sexually harassing Isaiah Thomas. Maybe that's why Isaiah Thomas had such a reaction. He's like, if I were the gm, I'd sexually harass him right now. Yeah. So you can, and then they'd fire me. You gotta stop that problem before it starts because some somebody's gonna fuck him. Oh man. It was so funny. He was so, oh yeah. Skip Ellis obviously agreed with him. Loved it. Loved it. That Isaiah Thomas on NBA TV called out LeBron said he should be fine for warming up. Shirtless took guts to spit that truth. Isaiah has guts and he certainly can't dismiss Isaiah as as just another old school Jordan Guy.


That is true. He does hate Michael Jordan. He, he hates Michael Jordan. Yeah. But I mean, he's, he's definitely old school. Old school. Yeah. But I, I love the part where Isaiah Thomas says, and I like LeBron because I've said the same thing. Yeah. I know that as a hater when you're like, I mean, I just did it when I was like, I was happy for Rory. That's not real. You just say that as a real hater. Also in Skip's mind, the only reason that you could hate LeBron is if you're just supremely in love with Michael Jordan. Yes. Yes. That's why he's like, I love this. It's, it's, it's as binary as it gets. Yeah. What do, what do you think about the Knicks? They're, they're not gonna go anywhere, I think.


I think they'll win a series. They could lose the Pistons. Knicks fans, I feel like are down bad right now on this team. They're not very happy because I, they're like still, it does feel like they're still away from the Celtics in the Cavs. Right. Far away. Yeah. We also said Stan Van Gundy. Did you see that? He called out Philly and New York. He said Fairweather fans. Hmm. He said they're passionate. Someone asked him like, what, what do you think about the love affair with the Knicks and fans and their team? He said, well, they're passionate love affair. I don't know love affair when they're playing well and hate affair when they're not playing well. The Knicks fans and the Philly fans, they're front running fans.


They're in love with their team when they, things are going well, but they'll boo their team off the floor when they're not playing. Well, that's not a crowd that's focused on lifting you up. Bad sports towns, Pussy. I, yeah, I, I couldn't disagree more li living in New York for whatever we did, six, seven years. Knicks fans love their team. They just fucking ex, they want them to be good. Knicks fans were nowhere to be found until the Bing Bong team. They Always sold out A MSG. Yeah. But like, they weren't vocal. Like it was once those bing bong side talk or whatever, videos started coming out series. Oh, I think Knick Fanshaw Fans are very passionate. That was like two years before we left. Before that. They were nowhere to be found. But There's also difference between the Knicks fans that can't afford tickets to go to every Knicks game.


And then the average Knicks fan, I think fans is, it's so expensive. Fans, I think Knicks fans are very passionate. They really care. Also what Stan Van Gundy is describing. That's just fans. Yeah. Like what, what is a, what would be a good sports town then? A team that loves their shitty shit. Oh, Calles. Even when there's Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Oklahoma City only game. They still put on the shirt. They still put on the shirt. But they're But they're good. Yeah, I know, but I'm saying that like in years when they haven't been good, they've still put on the shirt, But that's all they got. I know. That's the only thing they have in Oklahoma City. If there's other sports, like if the Sixers who are 30 games under 500 in March. Yikes. Was that true? I don't know. I hope so.


Would you rather go to that game or the Phillies that are, that are playing right next door that are gonna be competing, competing for the World Series this Year? Sounds like a Fairweather fan at the bank. But like what do you, what do No, I agree. Rather they're going to you. It's a dumb, I don't understand. I also think this is partially because his brother coach there. Yeah. Also in Philly, they boo you. But then if they realize that they booed you and gone too far, they'll sarcastically cheer for you to try to make you better. Wasn't sarcastic. It was. It was. It was. At first. It wasn't first. Nope. But then it worked Wrong. Simulate the lottery one time Max. Good call. Good call. We should go. Yeah. Agreed. How much I'm excited for the N NBA Plus we'll have that expert on to break it down.


There we go. You got it. Flag. Give us a best of seven. So Washington gets the first pick on one of 'em. Okay. So we're gonna do this a million times. No, Seven times. No seven. We'll see who gets, who gets the most. Oh, Philly gets it. One. One. Oh, this Is crazy. That we've done. How awesome. We've done this three times. We've only had Philly. In Washington. Philly. Three one. Oh my God. God, God. I swear To God, I Utah. How many times keep Is that? Keep going. Just keep going. Washington, Washington. Three, two. We'll just do it till one of you gets four. Okay.


Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Philly, Philly. Four, two or two. Four, two. That was, that's, that's what are the odds of that happening? Very low. You guys have the 10% shot at it? Yes. It's gonna be such bullshit. If the Sixers get Cooper fight. I'm gonna be so mad. I'm gonna hate the fuck out it. It'd be, you're gonna me flip instantly. That'd be such bullshit. You guys are building Duke 2.0. Yeah. True. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Said it. Jeremy Kane and Yeah. I said, said it. I said it. He said it. I like, yeah. Passed on memes said you pass on Tatum. You'd like that. Hank. They did.


Marco Fol memes. You gotta get your mic on for that. Yes. Memes. That was fire. That was so fire. You gotta get your mic On for that. Memes takes jj. Oh, should we talk about Nico at Tennessee? A little bit? Yeah, let's talk about it. College sports. It was put into quite the turmoil on Saturday morning. Well there was, I had no idea. I still, I I knew we were gonna talk about Sunday. I didn't, I haven't followed this story at All. There's, I've just seen so many people say, Nico this Nico that Nico this Nico that So much Pearl clutching about what this means for the sport. But happened. Everyone's up. We should back up a little because Yeah. So what hap Nico. Nico got a shitload of money from the collective at the University of Tennessee to go to school at Tennessee.


He was the number one recruited quarterback. They got him. They were pumped that they got him because can't miss Prospect Tom Ferelli your best friend. Hank was sitting on that couch and said Nico for Heisman before the season started. I bet it he did not win. It did not work because turns out he didn't play well at all against any good schools. He beat up on the trash cans and then he was like a very average to slightly below average quarterback in SEC play. Then his dad or his uncle's a family member, I forget which one, a family member goes back to UT and says, Hey, price of the bag just went up. I know you're paying what, two mil? It was two and a half mil. And then they wanted four. They wanted four mil. So they said price of the bag just went up to keep Nico.


Gotta pay 4 million now. 'cause there's other schools that would pay that. And Tennessee was like, we're not gonna talk about that right now. We're still in the season. In fact, it was the week of their playoff game that they had against Ohio State. Right. That he was actively shopping himself, allegedly to other teams. Then he does a holdout. So he doesn't go to practice and he's holding out from team activities. This is after the playoff game. After the play. The spring game. The spring game was Saturday and there was rumors that this was happening. And Tennessee fans. Now I consider myself a fall for life from, from winning national championships with Doug's in Knoxville, Tennessee. Fans maybe weren't doing the best this week when there were reports.


I think Ari Waserman had something, I think someone else had some on three network had reports that this was happening and Tennessee fans were attacking those reporters and being like, this is bullshit. You're just making this up. Turns out it was all true. He skipped the practice on Friday and then didn't show to the spring game on Saturday and it's over. Yeah. So what Tennessee did was actually smart. They came out and they said, we're moving on from Nico. Yeah. Before Nico had a chance to be like, I've entered the transfer portal. He wasn't good enough to get a million and a half race. Like if he had been a no doubt guy, I think Tennessee would've paid him probably. I I think they would've been like, Hey, if he was Arch Manning, if he was someone who has like, you have to keep him on your team because you have these title chances.


I don't think he proved that. And they're like, all right, go. And now that the playoff, it sounded like, but Nico, well their defense is really good. Nico I think is getting bad advice from his, so his dad is his agent, which also complicates thing because when your dad is your agent, the one thing that your dad doesn't have to do, he is not representing other people. So he doesn't have to act in good faith in any of the negotiations. He could basically say, I'm gonna burn this school because guess what? I don't have any other clients that when I come back around asking for money, they can't be like, Hey, you burned me that time. So his dad's his agent. His dad was like trying to get him more money. I think it's shortsighted because Nico, if he had a really good year in Josh heel's offense could be a high draft pick, make a lot of money.


Instead now he's gonna have to go somewhere else to learn a whole new offense. Learn. Learn new personnel in a short window. Yeah. That's the thing. He is, he's not good enough to get a raise from Tennessee up to $4 million. But there's probably another school out there that's willing to throw a bag at him. Oh yeah, definitely. And say, let's see. So he's gonna get a raise. It's gonna work out like financially okay for him this year. But big cat's, right? Like Tennessee is, is probably the best place he could be if he's thinking about where he wants to get drafted in the future. And it's also, this is why I feel like this is all eventually going to get sorted out one way or another. Because my theory has always been that like eventually these rich guys and NIL and collect the collectives are gonna be sick of paying millions and millions of dollars to 18 year olds that might not pan out.


And this is kind of what happened here. Because Nico, they, they were like, no, we're not going to pay another million and a half. So the QB class of 2023, these are the top eight guys. Arch Manning still at Texas. Nico now in the transfer portal. Dante Moore started UCLA, Oregon Jackson, Arnold started Oklahoma now Auburn, Malachi Nelson. Remember he was like a can't miss USC now he's at utep. Jayden Rasha started at a SU, now he's in the portal. Aiden Charles started at Washington State now. Sorry, Oregon State now at Michigan State. And Austin Max started at Washington. Now at Alabama. Like it's, it's hard to predict if these guys are gonna be good.


Yeah. And it's hard to give two and a half million dollars to a guy who might be like, yeah, I'm gonna go somewhere else. It's a system problem. Right. The problem is like with basically no rules whatsoever. So of course this type of shit is gonna happen. And when you gamble on like a five star recruit outta high school, they don't always hit. Except now guess what? Now you're tying a bunch of money to that person. Right. And then when they leave, now you're pissed off because it's like, oh shit. I was told that I had to pay a million dollars to get this kid to go to my favorite school. Yeah. So I could watch him play. Then he sucked. And now I feel like I just wasted a million dollars. So of course the people that are funding it are gonna be like, I don't want to pay for that anymore. Let's try to get somebody in the portal that's gonna come here. They also, he fucked over the team.


Yeah. Because the team had a plan. Like they thought that Nico might be going as early as December of last year. 'cause they were starting to hear these like things about like, Nico is is unhappy, he's gonna want more money. So they were gonna try to recruit other quarterbacks, but those other quarterbacks wouldn't go to school there. Right. If Nico was still the quarterback, because they're like, this guy's gonna start ahead of me. Right. For a year, maybe two years. So then they couldn't, they couldn't get the rostering order for next season because they thought Nico was coming back. And then Nico's like, actually fuck it, I'm out. Yeah. Did you hear the rumor shout Dan Lenning ride or die guy? Like good, good guy. The rumor was that he was the one who tipped off Josh Heel was like, Hey, Nico's dad's trying to get him to go somewhere else.


Yeah. Like, and told him that. And that's when how Tennessee found out. I just, I I, I think it's just, it's unfortunate because I do, I I am very much in favor of the kids getting paid and they should get paid. 'cause they're bringing in billions of dollars and it's so stupid it took this long. But I just think this is a situation where I think he's getting bad advice and Josh, he's a really good offensive coach. And to have this, do this for a million and a half dollars when the alternative is possibly staying at Tennessee, doing really well under Josh heel and you know, your third year in the system, second year playing in the system and then maybe getting drafted high.


There's a lot more money that way. Yeah. And now you don't know. I mean, it could all turn out. He could be fine, but I also think that if you're a Tennessee fan, you shouldn't worry because Josh heel's a really good coach. And it's also kind of good showing that you have like, you know, you're not gonna, in future negotiations, you're not going to just placate everyone. Turns out one year free agency kind of sucks as a fan. Yes. I, we need two year contracts. Yeah. It, listen, it's, it's good for the players in terms of short term. They're able to bounce around where they want. If they think a different school is good for 'em and get paid a shit load of money, it's not always the best thing to transfer. But that option's there, which is a good thing. But as a fan, it fucking sucks. Right, right. It really, it really sucks. Eventually. I think that they should have trades.


If you're gonna have holdouts. We gotta have trades now. Do you think we'll ever get to a point where we have a college football draft? Well, I think so because that would, rock trades would be cool. I think it should be like a soccer system where if you go from a smaller school to a bigger school, the bigger school has to pay money to the smaller school. I like a loan system. I thought you meant, so the smaller schools can actually start making money off of this. I thought you meant like youth academies, the University of Tennessee Middle school. Yeah. No, no. But and then you, you, you recruit guys to go there when they're 11. But like college basketball specifically, like there's a lot of, a lot of the mid-majors or smaller get rated for their talent for their seniors.


Why shouldn't the, why shouldn't the power fives pay those schools a fee to get their player? Yeah. I think like that would be awesome. It just, it will never happen. A draft will never happen for college football. But it would just be funny to think about it happening. Yeah. So yeah, that's Nico. It was just crazy college football sat and we're actually like Tennessee had their spring game. We're losing spring games. Spring games are are gonna be, I I bet you in a couple years there'll be no spring games. Also. Hank, did you hear this one? Did you know his name? It's I'm a, that's his last name. Nico. I'm a, I I'm a, I'm a, yeah. It's not Amist. Did you hear that? That's the first time that could also, there was a, yeah, there's a, that's one of yours.


That's literally everyone. Yeah. And then someone also a fan had on, on the, his jersey. Just, he put tape over and said, I'm a bitch. Like, that was pretty good. I like that. I say quick work. I think the day that he signed with Tennessee, everybody that didn't get him Yeah. Made that joke immediately. Also, Tennessee has a little bit, a tiny bit to, there, there are tiny bits of blame or, or they shouldn't be a surprise because he prioritized money from the get go. Yeah. So you can't be shocked when he prioritizes money again. Yeah. Like that was the whole reason he went to Tennessee was like, they offered him the most amount of money and, and that's how it worked.


And that's fine. But then when he turns around, he's like, I want more money. You can't be like, hold, I can't believe he did this. He is mercy. I thought he loved Knoxville. Yeah. As a journalist, it's fucked up that their fans were, were running out the journalists. There was a little bit, I mean, look, if you're a fan, you don't want it to be true. I, there were of the recording was right. Lot of May. Maybe I'm just biased because of the Tennessee fans that I know. There's more than one probably. But the writing's been on the wall that Nico was probably going to try to rake him over the coals. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was definitely in the big T Knew he knew. He knew. Okay. Let's do who's back the week and then we will get to SVP


who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends. At truly, truly unruly. We love truly unruly. It's official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Truly unruly Lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. Level up your lemonade 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue Raz OG Original Lemonade punched up pineapple wild pink. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly lemonade at a store near you or visit truly hard seltzer.com. We love truly we're getting unruly this summer with the lemonade again, four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue Raz OG Original Lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink. I like the wild pink level up your lemonade. 8% a BVA hundred percent delicious. Truly hard seltzer.com Find truly Unruly Lemonade, a store near you versus the truly hard seltzer.com.


Alright, who's back in the week? Hank My, who's back of the week? I got a couple. Alright. Oh, is the pat the baddies starting with that? Yeah, I hear that. I hear that accent. Oh, Patty the bat. Oh, Patty the bat Dude, he's awesome. He's ripped. Like, and I, I mean He looked so much like, he looked twice as jacked and strong as when we, he was first introduced to the world and More skilled. Like I, when I say he's awesome, we all knew he was awesome. He's an awesome dude. But I feel like he's gotten way better at fighting. He, he said that he doesn't like before the, the very funny classic video when he would just bulk up, eat whatever the fuck you want and then, you know, cut at the very last minute.


He actually just stays in shape now and like eats healthy and trains correctly. Which, you know, shocking. Like, it, it's working for him. Yeah. But yeah, he, he, he fucked him up. Good for him. I love watching Patti fight too. Yeah. And then he got into, he got into like a, a little bit of a shouting match afterwards too. Yeah. With Colby Covington, where he didn't really shout. He was just like, okay dude. Yeah. Okay. He beat And we liked Michael Chandler too. He beat the fuck outta Colby Covington. That part sucked. He slapped Shane. Oh yeah. At beer. Beer. I didn't know that until Tonight. Yeah. He also, He was the man at, at Beer Olympics. He Was the man at Beer Olympics. 'cause I remember I was just standing with Chris, our friend Chris O'Connor and I just was like, I was like, Hey Chandler, Chris O'Connor says he can make you tap.


And then he just, he just put him in our bar right. Right away. It was awesome. He's the man. But yeah. Patty, My others who's back of the week is dunking. Oh, whoa. You gonna dunk? Are you gonna dunk? I'm going to host a dunk contest. Oh, that's kinda weird that you'd be hosting a, a contest for something that you can't do. Yeah. Those who can't Do teach. It's also for judge. It's Also Judge. Well, yeah, definitely Judge. It's, it's KFC dunk a challenge. We have a dunk contest. We have four legitimate dunkers come to the office this week on Wednesday. It's exciting. I feel like, you know, last week was an exciting week in the office and low key. We got another, another exciting one on Wednesday. You get any tips from 'em? Get any tips from 'em?


Yeah. I'm gonna, I'm gonna ask pass them What they got. Pick the brains in. Love it. Low key. Low key. No, it's gonna be high. It's gonna be pretty. Be high key. It's gonna be exciting. I Mean, high key, low key. We Got, we got, we got flyers coming in the office. Love that. Very cool. Me, Hannah Montoya wall and Gilly. Hell yes. Oh, they're coming. Yeah. On Wednesday. Yeah. Or where's the winner game? Did you get 'em on the Show? 2,500. Yeah. Pretty good. Okay. PFT my who's back of the week is Takes fucking takes are back. You just got stopped in your track. I got dead, stopped in my tracks right before we got started taping this segment. I, I have never even conceived of a tape this hot in my brain.


This is high place Pft. Literally while we were sitting here, he just goes, oh my God. Oh my God. I go, oh my God. And then you guys were like, what? And I go, this tape, Put this, you might have been recording that moment as well. Well put what, This is a great, Great fucking take. I love when PFT really get, really respects it. Take that a good one. Oh my God. Oh my God, Kid. Maybe I, I can't even fathom what I'm excited. Sport Or just the fact that the fact that it hasn't done the think this could be about, it hasn't done big numbers yet.


But I mean, I I don't understand that this is a, it's insane. Even coming from the guy that it's coming from Greg Doyle. Oh, Greg Doyle from the Indy Star. I'm blocked. Just dropped the column, the internet. This is the end of the internet. Okay. I don't think we can go any further than this. All right, here we go. Here's, here's the post masters contender. Bryson de Shambo accepted $125 million from the alleged backers of nine 11 Quarterback Nico. I am Oliva sought additional millions from Tennessee. Which of these is okay with you and why? That's the post. Then you open it up and it is a column that is heaping equal amounts of judgment on both Bryson de Shambo and Nico.


Okay. Like they're both the same thing. Right. Can we talk about something serious without getting snagged by politics or race? Yeah. Dumb question. That's always a great way to start out. Your article is to like, ask a rhetorical question and then answer it saying that you shouldn't be doing the scholar. He loves to do those questions of himself. No chance of that. Not for society as a whole. Anyway. But how about you? How about me? Can the two of us discuss the greed of two very different Americans and the very different societal reaction to that greed. Can we talk about Nico and Bryson? Can we do it without losing our mind? Can we do it without losing our soul? Can we agree that one size as it relates to our reaction to their greed should fit both gentlemen. Both have shamelessly chased the almighty dollar.


Nico decided 2 million in NIL wasn't enough to play quarterback for Tennessee one year after the state's Attorney general fought for and won his right to cash in. So richly shame on Nico. Yeah. The state, the state's attorney for Has he no, has he no respect for the effort and the days of paperwork that the state's attorney did. Mm. De Shambo chose to take $125 million from the Saudi Arabia Arabian government, which is believed to have funded the nine 11 tack on US soil. Only one has been largely vilified. No, not the guy bought off by the Saudis. No. I think like, yeah, I think as a society, I can say this, 24 years since it happened, we've come to the conclusion that nine 11 was bad.


Well, not only that, but we also, the, all the live guys got vilified hard for a while. Yeah. Like it's like all we talked about. Yeah. We talked about the entire anyways, A solid year. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not gonna read this column, but somehow in Greg Doyle's brain Society has decided that nine 11 wasn't that bad and that Nico is worse than nine 11. Oh, you, you miss, he says go Bryson. Or sorry, but, but the voice of public opinion has been heard on both gentlemen and overwhelmingly it sounds like this. Go Bryson. Go to heck Nico. Sir. Sir, a second million dollars has been awarded to Nico for attending the University of Tennessee.


Who the heck? Nico. This is also just a, a very dated live is bad take. Yeah. Like he's, he's a year and a half behind been like, Hey, why isn't anyone talking about these live guys? Does he does mentioned the merger. No, he does not mention like the fact that PGA has has come completely around and to the point of merging with it. Right. That's like, if American Airlines was like NBS Let's talk Turkey here. I'd like to do a frequent flyer mile. This is such a weird, I feel like this article was written just for Henry Henry Lockwood. This article was Yeah. Being like a live head Who hates Rory? No, I What do you mean? That's what I'm saying. Like you ou Yeah. Remember lived himself.


Forgot you. You have how lived yourself. So my, my other real who's back of the week is kidney stones. We are the number one kidney stone podcast in the United States. Big Cat has been, you've had two bouts with the stones. Right? Two bouts has been how many stones total I've had. I had one and then the last time was four. One that I passed. Three that I think are just chilling. And that was like in the fall. And so I, I had my first bout right after you had your first bout. Yep. I had a baker's dozen inside me at that time. Were very synced up. I had 13 kidney stones in my system in like 2018. The first one really hurt badly to pass the second and third. I felt them.


They weren't nearly as bad. And then I just kind of forgot about 'em and didn't follow up with a urologist and figured it well, I'll work its way out Saturday. I'm sitting on my couch. I'm, I'm helping Blake, who's recovering from his ACL surgery quite nicely. He's doing a great job. He did poop in the bed 'cause he was super relaxed after the surgery, but that's fine. He's a good boy. So I was relaxing in my living room. It was about 6:00 PM yesterday and I started to get this bad pain, but it's not the same as the first one that I got. This one was directly located on my nuts. In fact. One nut in particular. Mm. So I was like, why does my nut hurt so bad? And it got worse and then it got way worse and then I felt like I was gonna pass out and throw up.


Started sweating. I was like, did you just have Like permanent, like you feel like you just got hit in the Nut. That's it. It feels like I got kicked in the nuts all the time. But it just didn't go away at all. It just, and it got, and it got worse. It to the point where like I was, I was about to pass out from it. So I was like, I gotta go to the hospital. So I go to the hospital and then on my intake into the hospital, the lady was like, we need to get you fast pass to the back to do an ultrasound on you to make sure you don't have twisted testicles. Sometimes you hear about like, I feel like some baseball players have had that. Yeah. So then they do an ultrasound on my balls, which is very, it's a very strange thing. And they're like, if it's a twisted testicle, we might have to remove the testicle, but we might be able to save it.


So now I'm like, fuck am I gonna walk outta the bathroom one ball lighter. Which I personally would be okay with because I always feel like, it's like when you look at flowers, one rose looks very pretty in a vase. Two roses looks awful. Yeah, it's awful. Three roses looks great. Yeah. But I got two nuts. I'd be okay with having one nut. I could make that work also would've been Yellow wristbands for everyone in the office. Yeah. Yeah. It would've been hilarious for the show. Like, just like, you know, I'm the guy with one ball, have Some balls and you could be like, all right, well too soon. Yeah. Or like Dan Campbell goes for it on fort down and PFD has to do the, the south park, but it's only one ball. Oh. Memes would get so much mileage outta that. Yeah. So, so then I'm in the hospital thinking I might be walking out here a ball lighter and they do the ultrasound.


They tell me good news. It, it's not the twisted testicle by the way. I re I don't recommend anybody get an ultrasound done on their, on their nuts because it's very awkward. Especially when the technician's a, a female. They rub that thing. Yeah, they do the like warm gel. And they, they had me get in this weird position and it was a whole thing. Anyways, so then I go back into the room and I don't know what's going on, but my nuts keep hurting worse and worse and worse and worse and worse. And eventually I get a cat scan done after like four hours in the hospital feeling awful. And it's another kidney stone, which is, at that point I was pumped. I was fucking pumped. It was a kidney stone and I wasn't gonna have to get a nut removed. So yeah, I've been in pretty much, I was in excruciating pain from like 5:00 PM till 3:00 AM on Saturday.


It's the worst. Now I'm good until like an hour ago and it's coming back and it's bad. So Yeah. Hopefully I piss this thing out tonight. I've been trying to piss while we podcast today and nothing's coming out. It's brutal. And you, when you say, 'cause I, I had the same thing going to the hospital. When they tell you that it's a kidney stone, it sounds stupid to be like, thank God, but a kidney stone symptoms are basically you're about to die. Yeah. Like your, your, your internal organs are about to explode. So when they're like, oh no, you're just a fat piece of shit that probably eats like shit and you have a bunch of salt that, that formed in your kidney, you'll piss it out in a few days. You're like, thank you. Thank you Lord.


That's all I wanted to hear. Yeah. At the time I was like, I'll, I'll change anything. I'll do anything. God just get me outta the hospital. And then they're like, it's a kidney stone. You just maybe need to have like one less bowl of ramen per week. And I'm like, no deal. Yeah, no deal. So yeah, we're, I mean we've been through this before. I'll, I'll be able to get this thing out. I got multiple kidney stones I said, but I'm, I'm okay. I'm, I'm fine with it. It could have been a lot worse. So this technically means I'm back on the clock. You're back on the clock. Yeah. Because we have literally gone, I had a kidney stone. You had a kidney stone. I had a kidney stone. You had a kidney stone. So I'm back. It's, it's my turn. Yeah. They said they said multiple, they had A whiteboard in the, in the studio. Yeah. Well, Do you think it has anything with Fact zero days since the last stone has passed? Do You think it has anything to do with the fact that before every podcast we we dock?


No, probably not. Okay. All because if anything, well yeah, that's maybe how it gets passed back and forth. We just piss it up each other's dicks Oh. All the time. But yeah, so it's, sorry. It's okay. It's a, it is a lot of pain, but it's not nearly as much pain as I, I was in on a on Saturday, but didn't miss your, your Household is snake bitten. You guys are like a, a playoff team just one week after. Yeah. One week after another. Just rolling around marque players getting injured and all of a sudden the season's just over. Yeah. Well good news is we're getting an impact player back. The El Camino's up and running. Oh shit. Hell yeah. Yeah. So now, now we're, we're living high. Yeah. But yeah, so it was, it was not a fun experience on Saturday, I will not be changing anything likely about my diet.


That's good. Yeah. I mean, listen, you, I am who I am at this stage. What am I gonna do? You can't stop eating. Salt. Salt is is the best thing that you can eat. You can't, you can't do it. So, Hank, you're actually on the clock. Yeah. Thought about that. No, I'm before Hank. Who were you? Yeah, that's probably true. IWI, I mean like, I went to after my kidney, so I went to get a physical because I was like, oh, I should probably get this checked out healthy. As healthy as could be. I love that. I mean little overweight, but everything else. My wife was actually mad at me that my cholesterol was normal. She's like, this is not right. Like you, you eat like shit. Run, run the test again. It's like this thing, this is bullshit. Like you can't, you can't be healthy when like everyone else has to like do all these things to make sure they stay healthy.


I'm sorry. It is, it is a funny thing when the doctor comes back in and they read your labs for you and they're like, yeah, it turns out your blood work is all excellent. Yeah. But you're just, you eat like a motherfucker. Yeah. And you've got gravel forming inside of your body. So it was, it was just like, yeah, you could lose probably 15, 20, 25 pounds. But everything else good. Is there a main cause for kidney stones? Is it salt? Yeah, there's a couple things. It could be salt dehydration, it could be dehydration, it could be somewhat hereditary. There's one that I think probably is my fault. Coffee. Yeah, that could be. It's anything that's like that that is what is it a diuretic? No. Yeah. Diuretic. Well the, the nurse told me like, multiple caffeine drinks a day will do it.


I was like, well yeah, I do that. That's every day. And she was like, yeah, me too. Yeah. It it's a different type of pain. Big Cat. You, you were very well experiencing in it. It's a type of pain that people say I wouldn't wish on my biggest enemy. I disagree wholeheartedly. Yeah. This, this is the exact thing that you should be wishing on your worst enemy. All my enemies. I want to have this. Exactly. I want them. Yeah. Hank Yes. It feels like you're, it feels like your your, your stomach and back are gonna explode at the same time. Also, the doctor again for the second time told me that this pain is worse than childbirth. Which I will not be saying to any women, but it's true. But it is true. Yeah. And so I've given birth to like 13 K.


I'm, I'm as tough as Philip River's wife. Kind of kind of good lead into my question. Probably a dumb question. Can women get kidney stones? Yes. Yes they can. Okay. And they can be, that's just as painful. But it's gross when they do it. It's manly when we do it. Yeah. When I stand at the toilet. That's a little different. Scream. Different. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's that's the difference's man type shit. Alpha shit. Yeah. I think it's more, I think it's more common for men. Yeah. Because we, we just go harder in life. Yeah. We just fucking live on the edges. See I can't wait for the second that I'm taking a piss. I hear the ping in the back of the toilet. It's gonna be, you need to get, you need to get the thing. I gotta get the strainer. They didn't gimme the strainer.


Yeah. You feel like a, you feel like a, a gold rush guy. I would just piss into the, to the strainer. I did gain a whole new appreciation though for er staff. Yeah. By, because I had to sit out in the, in the main lobby for not even that long because they rushed me back to do the ultrasound. But I was there for like five or six minutes and the, the people that are in an emergency room at like 8:00 PM 9:00 PM on a Saturday night, God bless those that have to corral them. Yeah. And get them to communicate. Yeah. It's a hell of a job. Alright. My who's back the week? I have two. The first is going to be, oh, guys lying about their weight.


Or maybe not. You see DT President Trump, he's actually lost weight. He's 2 24. 2 24 6 3 2 24. So that is That's awesome. That's RG three. Yeah. That's d maybe DK Metcalf. I love it. And I, I know people like getting a whole tizzy about it. They're like, this is bullshit. Listen, if your doctor says it, then it's the truth. I, I just like, my blood work's fine. What do I fucking care? I think that he does that now. Like at first I think he was lying about it. Now he lies about it because he knows that people are going to Yeah. Make fun of him for lying about it. Yeah. Yeah. Because he was two 30 and now he's 2 24. Yeah. The Elon, there was like a article about Elon and how he's like a dumpster fire and people were accusing him of drugs and someone from SpaceX was like, no, he actually gets randomly drug tested at SpaceX passes everyone.


That's good. Yeah. Yeah. Who runs SpaceX? Elon. Oh, Okay. Yeah. His drug test is is like Yep. Yeah. All of them. Good. That dude loves ketamine. Oh. And then my other, who's back is our good friend and colleague, coach John Gruden. 'cause I took him up to Madison this weekend. And I gotta say it was, I was smiling ear to ear. Not only because I got to see, you know, one of my favorite teams up close. We went to spring practice, but seeing Coach Gruden in his natural habitat, we, we, the Wisconsin posted his speech to the team, which was awesome. But there were so many behind the scenes hilarious moments where like, I had to keep, I had to keep like getting him to like ke like we were trying to go somewhere and I had to keep like coming back and grabbing him because he would, he would talk to like the tight ends coach and he'd be like, what, what are you running?


Like what, what formations, what's your, what's your language like? And just sit there and talk to 'em. It was there, there's something that happens when you, when you like go to like the park or you go somewhere with your little kids and if you take your eye off 'em for a minute, they could be like on the other side of the park. You're like, holy shit. How'd they get over there? They saw a bird or they saw a squirrel that kept on happening at practice where I would basically, I was standing on the sideline and I'd look up and I'd be like, where's Coach Gruden? And he would just be standing next to Coach Fickle, like with a call sheet ready to call a play. And it was just the best. He had the power stance. That's like vacation for him. Yeah. It was just going to visit a practice and just talking about ball the best was we went up to a kid who was visiting and he was, I don't know, like I I think he was a sophomore and he was, he was visiting Wisconsin and he was a running back and just Coach Gruin just went up to him.


He's like, how deep you line up? He's like, I'm the quarterback. Show me how deep you line up. And that was it. That was our whole conversation. I was like, all right, good to meet you. He just wanted to know, just wanted to know how deep you're lining up in, in high school football. He he looks so happy just being around a football team. Yeah. And somehow and I felt a little bit hurt. I did because we've lined up in formation for him here at work. Yeah. And he doesn't have that same spunk in his step when he sees us do it as he does an actual collegiate division one football team. It it was a little bit hurtful. Yeah. But he was smiling. He was so happy. He was so happy. We were just like, he was smiling the whole time. It's great to see him in it. I wanna, I don't wanna lose him, but I also, when you see someone Where it belongs Yeah.


You, When you see someone that happy in that habitat, you're just like, ah. It's like if you got a dog, like a border collie and you live in an apartment and your dog loves you, you have a great time with a dog and then you take the dog out to like an open air dog park with some, maybe some wildlife run around and you just see it immediately start to like hurt him. And you're like, that's where you should be doing that. Yeah. Well It's like he's a, he's a he, he needs to be the leading men. Yeah. Like it's hard. Exactly. It's hard to be a leader of, of big strong alpha men. And he is like in every room he is in, he is the alpha. Yeah. And that's like hard to come by and that's where you know where he belongs. Yeah. And it's also just funny watching, like football guys, the amount of connections they have is just insane.


Like, he was just a, there was a guy he had coached who was, you know who he saw. There's a guy whose son he coached the kid's dad, like all this stuff. And it's just like, football guys just have just connections everywhere. I love the speech that he gave too. I feel like he just, he listened to Meek Mill like a month ago and he just wrote down, I'm gonna talk about dreams and Night. Well that's, that's his speech. His speech from the Raiders. Hard knocks. He like kind of put all his speeches together, just being like the rock. You know, we pound that rock. You pound that rock, it's not gonna break you pound that rock. It's not gonna all of us pound that rock that thing's gonna smash. And everybody in the room was like, he's right. Yes. Coach is right. 10% From you, 4% from you, 2% from you.


Okay. Number one, everybody has dreams. I mean, everybody's got dreams of winning the big 10. Getting into playoffs, getting a new NIL deal. Everybody has what dreams I'm into nightmares. You guys gotta end people's dreams. You understand that Miami, Ohio's coming in here in a couple months, you end their dreams. Oh yeah. Okay. And then you get on with the schedule. But everybody's got dreams. Now it's your job to end those dreams and become a nightmare coming outta the tunnel. Yes. Yes sir. Okay. Number two is, there's a thing called the team. It's called the what team? The team. There's a lot of people I think in football now that aren't invested in the team.


Are we clear on that? Yes sir. I want you to envision a big rock right here. The rock is the opponent. And if you pound that rock by yourself, that rock won't crack. If you pound a rock with them, that rock won't crack. And that rock is Michigan. That rock is Alabama. We all gotta pound of what? Rock we all gotta pound of what? Rock. Okay. Invest in this team in these next couple weeks before spring practice goes away. Invest in your teammates man. Go outta your way to get to know each other and have a rock mentality. Point number three real quick is communication. Say it with me. Communication.


It ain't good enough. It's not good enough anywhere. Coaches, were not communicating good enough together. Players and coaches don't communicate good enough together. Yes. Every bloom coverage, every big running play, there's a lack of what on defense communication. Recognize the set, make the call, and let's roll. Yeah. Yes sir. Well, let's communicate better. And then the last thing I'll leave you with is this. What I've noticed is there's really good effort here. Really good. But there's a big difference between good and great. Are we clear on that? Yes sir. You get one shot at 2025. That's it. And as soon as you blink your eyes and open 'em, it's over.


We gotta do a better job, I think, of working together. Yes. Yes sir. I'm talking about our effort, our execution, our enthusiasm, and our intensity. You turn it up 4%, 2%, 8%, 10%. And that accumulation is gonna turn us into a freaking nightmare. You guys dig it? Yes sir. You guys believe in each other or not? Yes sir. Go prove it. All right, let's go man. Let's have a great day. Let's go. Oh, So pumped up. But yeah, it was great. Alright, let's get to our interview with Scott Van Pelt Live From Augusta Airport.


Always fun to catch up with him. Talk some more masters. Talk some more Rory. Okay, before we do that, we got a couple ads.


SVP is gonna be brought to you by our good friends at NASCAR Talladega's super Speedway is NASCAR's biggest. Baddest track delivering heart pounding action pack racing thrills keeps drivers three wide and bumper to bumper at 200 miles per hour. Playoff implications on the line making every lap more intense. Unpredictable finishes mean anyone can take the checkered flag. At Talladega, the fan experience is unmatched with camping, tailgating and electric infield energy Tickets are selling fast. So secure your spot now at NASCAR dot com. Experience the rush at Talladega. Get your NASCAR tickets now for edge of your seat action. Secure your seats today at NASCAR dot com.


SVP is also brought to you by our great friends Over at Chime. There's a better way you can build credit with money you set aside and avoid interest or expensive debt with chimes credit builder card. It's a secured credit card with no credit check or minimum deposit required. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on time payments. All with no annual fees, no interest or credit. Check at chime.com/pmt with Chime. No annual fees, interest or credit check to apply. Use it everywhere. Visa credit cards are accepted. Build credit with money you set aside. Turn your everyday purchases and on time payments into steps towards your financial goals with Chime secured credit builder Visa credit card. Get started today at chime.com/pmt. That's chime.com/pt. Feels like progress. The chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the bank or bank A or Stride Bank, A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply Chime credit account required to apply out-of-network 18 withdrawal and OTC advance fees may apply. Timing depends on submission of payment file, late payment may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details.


And now here's SVP. Okay, we now welcome on one of our best friends, a very, very special guest live from Augusta tradition, unlike any other Scott Van Pelt from the Augusta Airport after the masters. And we've been doing this for, I don't know, six, seven years outside of the tiger. This has gotta be Tiger in 2019. This has gotta be the best. I mean this was an incredible, incredible Sunday. I don't even know where to start other than I, we all just sat there and watched it and was like, sports are the best. This is the best. Perfectly said. Did you feel like you were gonna vomit?


I did. Well about that. You are technically talking to a room full of Rory haters. So we were, we were very happy when this was all going down. Now as as haters, we, we, we already taped the beginning of the show. Basically what I said was sometimes as a hater you gotta tip your hat. And I was happy that he had to earn it in a way where he choked and then came back and then he choked and then he came back where it's like he did it. He really did it. And I was satisfied at the end of being like, if he's gonna do it one way, I'd rather this than having him win by six strokes and have it be a laugher. Well I look you, you said it correctly.


I mean it was, it was the rollercoaster as he described it. And the thing that was nuts. And you try to make con put it in context. Like for SportsCenter, our highlight, like our first pass at the highlight was 11 and a half minutes long. And that's to tell the story like I think accurately and and thoroughly, right? Where it's the de shambo Rory bit and like by the time it's over, like you forget that even happened, right? De Shambo is just kind of out there and it started with like, he throws up on himself in the first hole and he's behind after the second hole and you're like, this is nuts. He's gonna lose it. This guy again, he is gonna have to walk with him for five hours. This is gonna be brutal.


But then immediately he's back ahead and you're like, oh, okay, here we go. But it just, it almost felt like with Roy for him to do it, that it was gonna have to be this excruciating exercise where he would hit like the shot on 15, which is like the Sam Cassel meme, right? I mean big brave bulls and he swoops it around and, but then you gotta make that put for eagle, like Tiger makes that put for Eagle a hundred times out of a hundred. Yeah. But he doesn't, he just doesn't. And then you're like, wait, rose is, oh shit, rose has a birdie. Oh my god. They're tied again. And now he hits the shot on 17, which is incredible.


No one ever hits it close on 17 when they have to make birdie to take the lead. He does. Then he hits a perfect drive and then that wedge on 18 is just it. You can't do that. And he does. And then there's that putt and you just, I didn't think he'd make it. And he didn't. And at that point I'm thinking, this poor guy is gonna have to live with this and he's gonna become Greg Norman and someday he's gonna be 50 something years old and he won't be here. And we're gonna wonder how that happened. Right? But then, but then he hits the wedge in in the playoff. That's a forever shot. Like it's it's a shot of a lifetime. Yeah. Multiple shots of a lifetime. He, he had you just described two of his shots of a lifetime today. Yeah. He had like, it was an incredible, incredible comeback for him after it was over, you get to see a little behind the scenes, Scott, you get to see what's going on when they're not on camera.


What was Rory's, what was his mentality like? Did you see anything from him that showed relief or what, what were his emotions? A hundred. The, I think what he was feeling Patrick was relief. I'm sorry if Dickie v calls me Patrick, I, my name's Patrick. That's how it goes. I've been, I've been, I've been waiting for weeks to say that It's, he said it, it was almost all relief. And the thing that Andy North described to me that I, that I, I find amazing, but I guess I get it, is that when you do it, it and Andy didn't win the Grand Slam obviously but he won a couple of majors and he's like, you feel so much more relief than joy.


And like when you saw him fall to his knees and you saw him walking and just looked like, he was like, I've seen that look before, but it was PFT, it was you handing me mushrooms in the wind. He's just like, he fucking like, and you're thinking, man, I, I just can't imagine what he's trying to process in real time. And he admitted that this was a burden. This was a lot. He was carrying this around For more than for 14 years. And everyone's asking, what are you gonna do? And every year he is gotta come put on a brave face and say, well, I feel like I'm ready. And then, you know, it looks like it's his time and then all of a sudden it's not. And then it is, and then it's not. And so, you know, I'm waiting to see if I can hear, if I hear from Marty Smith who's gonna do the Sunday conversation with him tonight to, to get any insight.


Like, you know, is there any sort of home run soundbite of that he had gave Marty? 'cause they have got a great relationship, but I just, I thought that it was so obvious that sure there's joy in there and they're gonna get to it. But clearly it was like, just thank God I did it. 'cause if if he didn't today right, then, then, then it would've reasonably been like, it's just, it's just not meant to be. Yeah. It it, it really was even as, as haters, like we said, it was still one of those moments when he finally sinks the putt to win it. It's like, man, this is cool because you don't know. I mean, what what's the stat? I think it's two times in the last 50 years you've had a career grand slam. You don't know how many times it's gonna happen in your lifetime.


And like, to put it like in your, from your perspective of, of right. A golf, fishing, auto, you've been to the master so many times, like career Grand Slam. Like that's, that's something really, really special. Oh, I mean, I said it on a, a sports center. Like you, you're in a group with people that are in black and white pictures, right. That are gone from this earth not forgotten obviously, because the club is small. And it was really like, one of the really cool things about this week is the, the people you crossed paths with. And I actually got to spend some time Saturday night with Roger Federer, who is just couldn't be, he's couldn't be a greater guy. And I, I asked him, and I said, this is really wild to me. Like when you won in 2009 to beat to, to won the French open to, to win the Grand Slam, it was the sixth guy, just like Rory and Nadal had been beaten that like that's the guy no one could beat.


And he got beaten by some guy named Robin Sodering. All due respect to Robin. I could be an a WLI don't know, I just don't know. I don't know a lot about him, but like, that's the time where you have to do this or it's not gonna happen. And, and Fed said, yeah man, I call him Fed. We're like, you know, like that. Yeah. He, he's like, yeah. He's like, but you just have to remind yourself that this is what you do. This is, I've done this and just trust. I was like, yeah, but how do you sleep that night? He is like, not well, you know, it's a lot. And, and Rory admitted he was nervous as hell this morning. And so to join this club, you're not just like, I, when CBS put the graphic up, I'm like, oh God. Yeah. Right. It, it did. It doesn't say to win the masters, it says to win the career grand slam.


And it, he knows that. And that's why I think that's why he didn't hit the hole the first time. 'cause that the weight of that is just so immense. Yeah. Yeah. I was wondering how he was gonna handle that, you know, being tied for like, be playing in the final group going into Sunday. When you go home on Saturday, if you're Rory and you've got this history of blowing leads, what do you do to, because there's no chance that you're gonna get a good night's sleep at that point. Right. Like, you almost have to knock yourself out, be like, give me a, give me a sleeping pill at 7:00 PM because otherwise I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be staying up. I'm not gonna sleep at all. I'm gonna come into the course feeling like shit the next morning. I can't imagine the night's sleep that he had and then the start that he had today.


And then to bounce back from that. I wonder what happened between holes one and two. Like how he, how he managed to, to stop the slide at that moment. Did did you hear anything about that? No. I mean he just, the, the thing, and, and he didn't say this, but, but Andy did, and Andy said, I think actually he did say, he said, he said it almost was like a jolt that woke me up. And all of a sudden, the weird thing about golf, I think we might have talked about this through the years, is that for whatever reason, leading is just not what anyone wants to do. It's almost like NASCAR, you'd rather draft off whoever until the last turn and then take the lead when it's over. 'cause it's a, it's a lot to carry the lead. And the thing about the, the, the sleep that I get, I, I'm sure it wasn't easy, but the bigger issue is that it's such a long wait.


You don't go off until two 30 in the afternoon. It's like, what do you do all day? Yeah. You got a little, you got a young daughter, she's up early. I'm sure. Like you're, you get up, do what? Hang out. Like, wait, you could have lu you could have breakfast, take a nap, workout, have lunch and you still have two hours till you play. And all you can do is think about the end and what happens at the end and how do you get to that. And it takes all day to get there and all you're doing is thinking. And so him being falling behind after the second hole, you immediately saw what happens. He birdies three de shambo bogies, he birdies four de shambo bogey. And then you're like, okay, cool.


He is got a little bit of a, of a gap here. And then he birdies nine and 10 and you're like, we're off to the races. No, it, it was just never gonna be easy. So I mean the, but I don't know the, the days you tend to always be memorable, but like the, the back and forth and the playoff and the fact that it's rose, I mean the whole thing is just an incredible, incredible day of drama here. And I don't know, I'm, I'm still trying to make sense of it all. Yeah. It WI mean it, I I said it at the start of the show, it was the most schizophrenic 18 holes for, for Rory where he had, I think he, his final tally was six birdies, three bogies, and two double bogies. He just, yeah. The card was a disaster.


There's just squares circles all everywhere. Like it doesn't look like, it does not look like a winning scorecard. Right. But Right. And, and so in 18, you said, you just said that you, you kind of expected him to miss that first putt on 18 to go to the playoffs. So you, you thought in the moment like this is, he's still got one more mountain to climb where it's like he's still got one more, I don't wanna say choke, but like it did feel like that where it'd be one step forward and two steps back. It, I, I, I did. I, 'cause it's felt like it was that distance and like the shadows show you every little bump and, and, and, and imperfection in these grains, which are basically perfect. And I'm sure that it must have looked a mile long.


And I, and I, the reason I thought that is because, not 'cause I didn't think he was capable, it's just the weight of what it was. And he admitted it and then you saw it with, with how he reacted after the fact. I mean it was just this boulder on his back. Yeah. And so, and that put like, as we're looking at it, and again, it's fun to watch with Andy because he's like, this is actually a, it's an easier bunker shot 'cause it's on an up slope. And like this is, you get this up and down seven or eight outta 10 times for sure. Like he should be close. And then as it's, as it runs outta steam, we both look at each other and they're like, oh, this is in that range where, I mean, a normal human would poop their pants. Yeah. But like full on poop pants.


Yeah. But I, you know, he didn't, he didn't poop his pants, but he, he didn't hit the hole much either. And you're like, oh my God. But to his credit, you know, he said his caddy just said to him, going back to the tee, you'd have taken, you'd taken this on Monday. If, if I told you Monday we'd be going back to the playoff on Sunday. And by the way, that's, that's somebody that you want. And and that's foxhole guy right there, right? Yep. Yeah. His caddy's known him forever since he was seven years old. Yeah, yeah. Big, big time foxhole guy there to be like, hey, we'd have taken the, as opposed to Hey bozo, we should be putting a jacket on right now. Yeah. And you should be, you should be in the butler cabin with Jim and Scotty and Chairman Ridley instead of that like, like you give him an attaboy and say, look, we're good.


And then he was, yeah. And so, I mean, in the end, I suppose in some ways it just makes it more dramatic. Maybe it makes it more fulfilling, cathartic, I don't know. But like you're, he was an all time player forever. But again, you join pictures, it's, it's guys that aren't alive anymore in black and white pictures. Jack, tiger and me. Like, that's the club. Right. It's pretty good call. It's pretty insane. And and what about, what about the shot on 15? I mean that, can you put it into perspective? 'cause Nantz did say on, on the call, he said shot of a lifetime. It did feel like that was another one of those moments where he goes in the water and then he has that shot and you're like, he's just battling this. And that was an incredible, incredible shot.


But like you're, you say you, you know, you're watching a lot of it with Andy North Badger, no big deal. What, what, put that shot into perspective and how hard that shot is. Hold on, lemme give, lemme lemme do the, lemme give it. Is that it? Yeah, there we go. Oh, actually keep the, keep the, keep the phone like that. That's perfect. 'cause it won't, it won't travel around. Yeah. Okay. So there you go. W for Wisconsin, yes. It's, it's, yeah, it's a shot of a lifetime. But again, if for it to be like the shot we talk about forever, you gotta make the eagle and then you don't go to a playoff. And then that's the, that's the shot we put on video and, and roll forever. Instead it'll be him on his knees just sobbing. But the the, like, I thought he hit it too far left.


But all that did, and again, Andy just gives such great context. He said, when you're hitting a hook, it actually is, it puts you in a position to to, as he described, you're gonna release the club because you're, I can't technically describe it, but he just said that it's, it benefited him to be hitting a hook and as soon as he hit it, he's walking after it like he did yesterday. Right. And when Rory starts bouncing and the shoulders start bouncing down the fairway, that's when you know like, oh shit, here we go. And I mean he, when he stuffs it in there like that, like make the put in you and it's curtains. It wasn't but then the shot on 17 was just as good. Yeah. But then on 18, as this is the rollercoaster in the, you know, it's sort of what he does.


And as bad as the wedge on 18 was in regulation, the wedge in the playoff was, you know, up, right up on the, the, the little slope there. Pulls it back and you know, I, if, if Rose makes the put, do you think he makes the second one? I don't know. I don't think so. Although that was more of a, it was more of a gimme. I I agree with you that the initial shot that he had on 18, that is the worst distance to have to put for a major championship from, because it's enough to make you think about, I would rather put from like two feet behind that because then you have that little like, you know, a little aggressiveness in your mind. Like, I can make this, I can prove the haters wrong. When you're, when you're putting from like four feet, you're thinking, oh fuck, the haters might be right.


Yeah. The entire time. And It was, and it is kind of, it's kind of pt the distance that I can't even deliver the line without laughing. Like that's how you know you're a dumb ass when you laugh at your own stupid joke. No, it's good. It's good. Before we start taping, he called me PDF which I'm very glad that he didn't Say that that was gonna be my last one. But I'm punting on the bit, I'm punting on the bit what you're a hundred percent right. 'cause it was like the distance at Pinehurst and it's different 'cause the last one on Pinehurst was downhill and it breaks left to right for a right hander. That's the worst putt. 'cause you just, it it was but it was in that distance where it was uncomfortable. Yeah. And like the rose put is is the perfect length 'cause you gotta hit it and the birdie put he made, I'm talking in regulation, like you gotta hit it and and he let it go.


And by the way, he knew it was then he had his hat off early and look, yeah. I was a confident look from Rose and he's an awesome guy who at 44 lost in a playoff twice here. Yeah. And if he would've won it would've been an incredible story. But there wasn't one human rooting for him. 'cause everyone here just wanted to see Ro except the haters. Yep. Did you have, did you have a Rose future? No, We didn't. We just, we listen, we like the storylines and, and Rory choking in that way would've been hilarious. Yeah. I was happy it would've, I was okay. We tipped our cap like all credit to him. I think the moment is incredible. He is an all time golfer. I was like a little emotional watching him be emotional. But if you asked me during it, like we predicted on Friday, we said we had Ryan Whitney on, he is like, if there's a five footer on 18, if he misses, he goes to a playoff.


If he hits it, he's a master's champion. What are you rooting for? I was like, absolutely playoff 100%. So then it happened. That's it. I was rooting for him after he got into the playoff to win. But I'm not gonna lie, I was pumped when he missed that putt because like number one, free golf, number two, our dumb brains can continue on with the storyline of Rory can't win a big one at Augusta. I mean, you were there. What was the vibe like? Because I, when I was watching on tv, I got the sense as Rory was, was falling back and, and Rose was coming on. I got the sense that the, the patrons were a little bit excited to see maybe an epic collapse from Rory and maybe, or at least have it be interesting at the end.


I I hear what you're, I I think everyone's just like, oh, we get to stay and, And we get to watch more. And I think there, there's something to, it'll be cool to see a playoff 'cause it's that you just take what's the drama of the day and you add another layer we didn't know we were gonna get, so that I'll give you. But like every time, and CBS did an awesome job showing it every time they would post on the leaderboard, the score and you saw Rory like double 13 and everyone's like, you saw like hands surrender Cobra hands on head, like, oh no. And then when they post the birdie on 17, everyone goes nuts because they know he's coming to this hole And we get to welcome him home and it's gonna be great.


And then he puts it in the bunker and then they're like, you gotta be kidding me. Right. I mean, so the, the the, the back and forth was like the drama builds, but I if you like there was a lot of Rory, Rory, Rory Chance and they were wanting to see it. And then in the end they did. And again, I think it's not just somebody wins the masters every year. Like no one's won the Grand slam since Tiger. Right. And that's been a long time all stacked on top of another and who it was. And because he had been through all these things, this, this is the guy that that that more people on than not on the grounds were absolutely behind. And it was his day. And it, it is a great story. Do you think that Rory, this is like a Steve Young monkey off his back where I know he obviously has been phenomenal recently in great form, but it had been 11 years.


Do you think he's gonna get hot here and you're gonna see, you know, another masters, another major Yes. Where he just like, this is kind of breaking the valve or, or breaking the seal, so to speak? A hundred percent. And I mean, I'm sure that he would say, well, I mean I won a pebble and I won the players this year already. I won the players before. But the, the counter to that is cool. You've got more money than than you need anyway. And those tournaments ultimately in the grand scheme don't matter. And we count majors among the very best. Right. And I I so what, while the wins before were great, this is, this is the damn burst that now frees them up to be truly like, fuck it.


Right. I'm gonna go do like, I mean think about it in, in a way where now no one can say anything to you and someone says, Hey Roy, shut your, shut your mouth. Yeah. You're coming off stupid. Yeah. Like, I just want the masters and I'm good. I'm house not house money. No. He's got a ton of runway in front of him. He could stack three or four more of these. Quail Hollow has won four times, which is where they go next. So I think we have, we tend to have this recency bias where whoever wins, we say they might win a few more, but in Rory's case, unburdened from this, he could just let it rip forever. And if he, he's got nothing, didn't what's the, what's the joker line in the dark night?


You have nothing to threaten me with. Right. That's it. And the way he did it too, the way he did it. Like I, I really do think it would be different if he had run, if he had run away, run away from this, when that moment happens on 10, I believe, and he's four strokes ahead of Justin Rose and you're like, all right, this is it. There's a coronation. But to have the ups and downs and the chokes and the comebacks, like he really did do it in a way that it feels like he just freed himself from everything. It, I, I do think there's something to that. It'd be like if, if someone had a lead in a, in a Super Bowl and then they blew it, but then they won in overtime and it'd be like, it's almost like you won it twice, you know what I mean? Right. And then ro with Rory, it almost feels like he won it three times. I know. It's just like he had it then he blew it, then he takes the lead on 15, then he makes it on 17.


It's almost like four times whatever it is. All he needed was one. He did it. And I don't know, I'm just, I'm happy for him. Like, I, I get that haters. No, We're, we're happy for him. Listen, I, we explained it, but like you have to when you're watching golf, like I don't, you have guys you root for you guys, you don't. And he, and that's okay. Yeah. We don't reform. How about Max? How about, how About Max Vibes? Only our good friend Max. Yes. Who's, who's taking credit for this? 'cause this is, you know, the start of the championship. DVD we had him on first this week then you obviously did Wednesday with him. So who gets credit? And He said I was one of his, he said I was one of his favorites. And I said, who do you like more? He is like Big Cat and PFT. Okay. Oh yeah. Like, alright. Yeah. Yeah. So third. Okay. Alright, that's good.


So yeah. So we're so Max Yeah. Incredible week for Max. Incredible week for, Hey by the way, we talk about this. Have you ever talked to the Marker? Yeah. He's the, like McDermott. Yeah. He's a friend of mine. Yeah. You can't, you can, he can't talk to the media though, but like, is that not the coolest job ever? We, he's a fantastic guy. He's very, very understated and I know that he enjoyed himself and it, it was a cool weekend for him. It's Unbelievable. Wait, so he is talking to the media? Oh, Not, I did. There was no interview. There was, there was no, I just know him. So, so He talked to you. Sounds like there might be an opening for the Mark or Hank Hank's.


We're trying to get Hank that gig ain't signing it. No, but it does seem like a very cool job. Did, has he ever mentioned anything about how he shouldn't play too good because he doesn't want like, take, undermine anybody's confidence out there? Th this is, it's actually kind of a fascinating concept. Like the, the story goes back, I ironically enough about the, the guy Jeff Knox, that was the marker before the current guy that does it. And I, I believe that like Google Check fact, check me on this. 'cause I believe that he played with Rory one year. Yes. And the story went that they were like, all right, let's play it and see how it goes. And he beat Rory. Yeah. And, and but the, the markers there to just be like, look, I'm here to keep pace.


If you want me to put out I will. If you don't, I won't Like whatever, I'm just here so that you and it, it's actually Augusta National thinks of everything and they don't want the player to be in a gigantic rush or feel compelled to have to hurry. Take your time. And so that's the, the job of, of the Marker who obviously is also a really good player. But again, the story goes that like Knox and, and Rory played and I, I think he beat him. Yeah. And so, you know, worked out okay for Rory. 'cause I don't think, I don't think the, the marker never won the masters. And today Rory did, but yeah. Yeah. I know. He's a, he's an awesome dude. Yeah. Awesome, awesome guy. He he's a good vibes guy. 'cause we, we noted that Tom Kim and Brian Campbell had their best rounds this week when he, when playing with the marker.


There you go. Did we, did we get any conclusion to the amateur that Pete and Ray's Creek? Is he, is he in El Salvador? What's going on? I don't, I'm not sure what happened there. I think that there was a, he thought he had cover and then there was applause at the conclusion. And I mean, I would, I don't know, but I would guess that maybe you just say, Hey, don't use, just so you know, there's actually, there's a bathroom there on 13 right behind that tee. Yeah. So maybe, maybe next time, maybe try that. Yeah. We thought that the worst crime was him wearing the upside down Sun Devil's hat. Yep. That was the worst look for Augusta. Yeah. That's a new thing that like you, that that's into like a lot of last couple years.


Like the cool clubs started doing the hats with the big whatever the word is. Yeah. Like a big word for your club. But the new thing is the upside down hats. I'm old and I'm out of it. I'm, I don't know what the trends are, but apparently that's the new one Thing. You don't understand. It doesn't like it. It's like the bumper stick that says, if you can read this, flip me over on a Jeep. Yeah. Pretty cool. Yeah. There you go. What about, what about Scotty? Obviously didn't, didn't get it done. I felt like I, I maybe I was reading too much into it the way he got outta there after the Rory putting on the green jacket. I feel like he's gonna be on revenge tour. I think this is the thing about, about Scott and I did a bad job today.


'cause I thought when I thought when Du Shambo hit it in the water on 11, I'm like, oh, we're done here. I, I lost track of Oberg and Rose and didn't even realize that they were, had a chance to do what they did and all of a sudden here they came Scheffler felt like he didn't play great. Right. Fourth. Right. Like that's how good that guy is. Doesn't really feel like it felt a little bit off. Still finished fourth revenge tour. I mean, Scotty's good. I don't think, he's not the sort of dude that's wired for revenge, but probably will win a bunch of tournaments between now and the end of the year. For sure. I, but I think like the guy that doesn't win, you just wanna get the hell out of the way and let whoever has his moment, particularly when it's Rory, like have the moment to himself. Yeah. Yeah. What about, what about Rory on 13 when he found the water after he laid up?


That was one of the worst shots that I've seen by a, a major champion maybe ever. So hated it. Just, just how bad was that shot? You can't do it. Can't miss like that. Like I hated the layup. Yeah. And the re the reason I hated the layup, even though he executed the layup obviously perfect until he hit it in the water. Is that like, there's, there's a saying that I've heard coaches and, and I always go back to Gary Williams at Maryland and he said like, if you play a certain way to build a lead and then you play completely different to protect the lead, you end up often giving up your lead. 'cause the, you played a certain way, there's a certain level of aggression. Rory hit a really nice drive on on 13 and I get it, you don't want to take on the, bring a big number into play with a second shot to try to get to the green.


But he could have gotten to the green. And obviously in retrospect, if you know you're gonna head in the water, you would've, you would've tried to go for the green in two anyway. But the wedge game has been always been Rory's weakest part of his game. You saw it on 18 in regulation and he had 82 yards. Like that's the pitching putt swing for anyone. And he managed to let it leak Right. And make the one mistake he couldn't make. But I mean, it, it didn't kill him in the end. I mean he made four doubles. That's the most anyone's ever made to win the masters. But that, that swing, the swing on 18 and regulation, those are the moments that you're like, I can't believe he's gonna do this again. But then he goes in the bag and pulls out magic time and time again.


So It, it really was incredible. It was just, I it was one of the most memorable masters I can remember. Just like sitting there the entire afternoon being like, I have to stay glued to this. I'm not even like going to take a piss because I wanna watch every shot. You you went piss dogs. You went piss Dogs to them. I went pissed dogs. I would love to have gone pissed dogs. Yeah. I went piss dogs. Alright, Scott. I, Yeah. Can I ask you one? Yeah, I just, I'm, I'm just, I'm just genuinely curious 'cause like you guys know, I've told you this, I said it with Illa this week that like, this is my favorite week of the year. I love it being here for a million reasons. Like, it, it, this weekend was incredible. The weather's perfect. The people here are awesome. The, the the, the story today was awesome. Like, are are, do you guys today was great, but like is this an event you guys like, I mean is it, so you guys look forward to Oh yeah.


Oh I love, I love Masters week. It's absolutely up there in terms of the sports calendar. It's like, you know, if you do the sports calendar, I mean all of football season, but for sure Yeah. Mean March Madness Masters World Series. Like they, it's, it's absolutely in there in the top, you know, whatever you wanna say, Hey, here's six things that you can't miss. Masters are absolutely in there every single year. I Sports draft what That's on it. Sports draft. Oh, we, yeah, that's, that's A good one. You know what everyone asked me about all week long? We gotta take a walk, boys. Let's Still. All right, so wait, I have a let, let me queue up the last question, but hold on Scott. I well, no, okay, go ahead. Let's do this first. I'll do, when you go back, I'll do the last question.


Hold on. Let's see it. This is, this is All right. I, I waited I hold on where I need to tell you f where I was first. 'cause it's, I I didn't think it. I've I've been, I've been greeting you from the Pop Newman conference room. Oh, here hell here in August. And now, now I'm gonna stroll down and let's see it. Great. Disappointment, voice. Oh no. Oh no. What are the options here? No, Let's see there. Re and you know what Scott? Maybe next year. Wait what's that? In the middle? The, the Ruger. Ruger. Is that a Gun? Like, I don't even know what that is Scott. Maybe next year. Apparently it's a delicious vanilla wafer. I don't wanna We got the jumbo, we got the jumbo honey buns And we got the, the Mrs Fresh Lee's donut sticks.


But there's, there's no big Texas, but there is my guy here who I don't wanna rub it in Scott. Yeah, yeah. Maybe next year you skip Augusta and you just come to the PMT studios. Oh, there we go. We Got, we got Hank's got a whole box of them. We got a whole box of we got two, you know, we got two video. Look at is smashing big Texas. Look At this. We got the whole big Texas, we gotta get this sponsored by big Texas next year. Oh, I, I'm good. That's good. It's so good. How, how Do you, how would you describe the density of that? Oh, it's So dense. It's a hockey puck. It's, yeah, it's dense. Okay. It's very dense. Get airy. Yeah. 430 calories. Ah, Enjoy. That's and that's just what you, the density is what you wanna put in your stomach.


If at up there, look at We got the whole big Texas Hey, hey Max. Enjoy, enjoy our basketball coach buddy. Yeah. Max. Oh yeah, max, you gotta go, go back in the room right now real quick. 'cause Scott's gotta go. But you gotta answer this real quick, but you got buzz. No, no, it's fine. I I again, we're we're, we're good. I I'm, I'm sure we're Buzz guys things will go well. Hey, did you see that like all across Maryland, Twitter, the clips that like of buzzes a dog buzzes the guy was all PMT interview. We love both because we love him like it was being used all the time because he's the best. He Yeah, I mean like sending out notes as we speak. Right. Max, do you want to say sorry for stealing Scott's coach?


No, I think we're both in a good spot. Okay. I think, I think all as wells that is end well with Marilyn and Villanova. Okay. Okay. Has it ended well? Kinda. You didn't win the crown. The coaching search. The coaching search has ended. No, This is actually like the start. Yeah. This is the start of the, of the one You're confused about the start in the end. I hope, I hope that there's a little Maryland Villanova rivalry. I would love, I would love to do a a home and home. Okay. So do we. Oh, I love it. I love it. Alright, my last question.


Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos. Hoodies. Joggers, short shorts, everything. Rollback dot com promo code take, I, I forgot shorts. I actually have the Rollback shorts. They're very, very good. It's golf season. Yep. Rollback dot com promo code. Take.


All right, my last question. It's actually a guest question because, and you mentioned this, you said that this is your favorite week of the year. Yep. Is that because you don't have to spend any time with Stanford? Steve, he's wondering 'cause that's her thing. No, I, I want, I want him here. Every, the people want him here. We, we we're going, I'm gonna build a groundswell to have him here. This is not real. Get Steve. Yeah. This Yeah, he's gonna show up. He is like, oh yeah, I'm here with Scott and be like, we don't know what you're talking about. And you're gonna be on the other side of the gate and you're gonna be like, oh, Steve, I'm sorry, I thought I put your name on. No, that's perfect because you know that, you know that he's not gonna get there. So you're doing the whole, I'm gonna start a movement to get, see, I'd love to have you here so that, that you get the credit for starting the movement.


Yeah. But you know, at the end of the day, this is your week. This is like taking time away from family. Why I Trying to drive away. He Asked me, me, Steve, He literally texted me. I missed him. He texted, I Missed him. Yeah. He's my favorite human. We, and I want him to come here because he's mi he's become like Mr. Golf. When we go to Quail Hollow next month, we're gonna be wandering fairways. He's gonna have a sweat towel cooking and he should be here. He would love it. He would love everything. About this week, Steve Would do some damage on the barbecue sandwiches and $2 light days. Yeah, he would, yeah. Absolute carnage. Steve is, and there's he, I mean, yes. We have to fix that. So, alright, we'll get I look, the work starts right now. Okay. The work starts today. He, he, listen, I'm just, I'm going. He texted me, he said, you taped Scott yet?


I said, we just started. He said this is his favorite week of the year. He says it all the time. Is it because he doesn't have to see or be around me? What is that about? Like, I, I love him. Hey listen, he's the one that graduated to game day and like we gotta, Oh, there we go. True. Yeah. See, oh, I like this. I like this. You Know, some somebody's hanging with Coach Saban and you know, pat and Herbie and Reese and can't be bothered to hang out with little old me. I'm only on at midnight, you know, I'm not kicking it off at noon. You know, That's, you know what this is, this is, this is something that we go through. Like when you have a week off from each other by the Sunday, you're like, man, I missed my bud.


I think that's what he was doing. He was texting me like, get back Scott. We miss you. Well I'm gonna hop on a plane and go home. And I believe Steve's on vacation so he doesn't miss me that back because he's not gonna be there when we get back. Okay. And he's just trying to find some strange, since you left him, he is gonna start a podcast on a cruise trip with somebody. It's just, he's going on's the fling. He say we, we get, we get a shot of Stanford Steve in in Cabo with Jim Rome. We're like, what the hell? Racket. All right. That's fun. I hope he has fun. All right. Are we good? Yeah, We're good. You're the best. Best, Scott. Thank you as always. Hey, sorry you didn't get a big Texas this, I gonna tell you this. Yeah. I wanna tell you this. Thank you to you guys for having me on.


You know how much I love it and it's, it's it's you. It should warm all of our hearts. How many people I see out here at Augusta National who are only say I I can't wait to see you on with the boys tonight. Big Texas, blah blah blah. So this is this on the long list of traditions like this became one. Yeah. So I look forward to it. And And one year we're actually gonna go to Augusta and we'll do that in the, we'll do the show in the Pop Newman room with you live. Yeah. We won't go to the tournament. We'll just hang out at the airport. Yeah. And then we'll just wait for you. Yeah. You you should, there'd be a blast and a lot of, a lot of people coming through. No, you should come to the tournament though. It's worth seeing. Yeah.


And we'll, and you can come with Steve And we can eat barbecue sandwiches. That's perfect. That's good. Yeah. Hank's now saying please he's gonna text me tomorrow morning and be like, did you follow up with Scott about going to the masters? I, it sounded like there were more birds there this year. Is that something you picked up on in per in person? The birds seem louder. More bird. Yeah. I heard a lot of chirps. A lot of birds. Not a lot of squirrels though. Don't see too many Squirrel there. Interesting. Biz has a theory about that. Yeah. Alright, thanks Scott. Appreciate It. Love you boys. Be good. Until next time. Safe. Thanks Scott.


Scott Van Pelt was brought to you by Brex. This episode is brought to you by Brex. Every company is learning to get more from their dollars these days. Meet Brex, the modern finance platform that helps companies do just that with a corporate card, banking expenses and travel all in one place. Brex ensures that the best companies from the fastest growing AI startups to global enterprises can control companies spend, automate the shit, work like expense reports and get every dollar to the right place. This has earned them the trust of 30,000 companies, including Barstool Sports. We're a proud Brex user here. In fact, I gave my Brex card a little go the other day for some company expenses. And the thing I like best is that it just worked. Tap and go smooth sailing. None of that received collection bullshit. Learn more at brex.com/grow. That's brex.com/grow.


SVP was also brought to you by Tax Act. Can you believe the date today? It's April 14th and your taxes are due on April 15th. Hank, do you have any tips? Go to tax act.com now. Now if you're listening to this and you haven't gone already, go now. Tax act.com use their expert assist. They'll help you answer questions and get your taxes done on time. You don't have any time to waste. Go Now. Tax act.com, They're a hundred percent credentialed, a hundred percent US based. So they know the ins and outs of tax laws. You can get the answers you need starting at just 20 bucks. If you need a little help or a lot, they can answer all types of tax related questions. It's crunch time, you want to get it right. Tax Act makes it easy so you can get them over with and be done for the season.


Okay, quick Monday reading before we do lottery ball, there was a really good story on golf.com. Let me shout out the writer of James Colgan wrote about the only master story Jim Nantz won't tell. So it was a really good story. Go read on golf.com. But I wanted to bring it up because I finally feel at peace with the gym. Dance toast. Remember we had the issue where we thought it was maybe a prank, maybe not a prank. His toast style. So it turns out we fi Wait is that it was a prank that he would keep a picture in it. Keep a Card or that that with Yeah. Keep a card of his toast because he likes the extra burnt, he would allegedly show it to servers.


Correct. Like, this is when I order toast, this is how I want it. And You thought that was fake. So there was someone who do we have on that was like, isn't that a fake It was Rry. Yeah, he thought it was prank. But I I've heard that it's real. Rry said he'd never seen the card and he was like, I don't know if that's real. He might have been pranking. He probably doesn't have breakfast. He's probably, you know, true Rapy may might get up at 10:00 AM True. So the card is a prank, but he does like his Toast Nantz style and he calls it Nantz style. Oh, I love that. So we got to the bottom of it. So this reporter went to a diner with him out in Carmel, California. Pebble Beach. And when he walked in, he said, I'll do the Toast Nantz style. And the waitress was a newer waitress there and said, and by Nantz style you mean?


And he just said, oh, just put it through the toaster twice. So they got into like the, the, the origin of this. So he loves his toast extra burnt. And apparently he was doing one of these stories like 10 years ago with a reporter kind of embedded with him. And that's where the prank comes in. So his longtime assistant, let me, let me find, okay, here we go. Nantz finds a whole ordeal. Deeply funny if only because the actual origin of the legend was a prank. The wallet photo was a gag gift from N's longtime assistant Melissa Miller Yocum a longtime friend and co-author was the target when the two met for breakfast to conduct an interview for forthcoming master story, Nantz ordered his special brand of toast.


He does like it crispy. So that's confirmed with his laminated wallet card. And he told to the reporter, I made sure the reporter saw the card and when he asked about it, I said, well that card has saved me a lot of hours. I told Guy, do the math with me. I eat toast six days a week. Which by the way, I eat toast once a about once a month is him talking. Now the toast comes out and it's not done. Now the eggs come out, but the toast has gotta be sent back because it's not burned. So now I finished my eggs, but I've lost 10 minutes waiting 10 minutes, six days a week. That's an hour a week now there's 52 weeks in a year. I'm rounding down that I'm saving two days a year. So that was how the whole thing happened. So it was a joke And then the reporter saw it.


The reporter wrote it up as they didn't fact check the joke. He loves his toast. Extra toasty. But the actual card was a joke on a reporter. It sounds like the joke was not really a joke. It was like, here Jim, this will actually save you time. And then Jim was like, oh that's so funny. Yeah. But it was like one of those serious haha jokes. Yeah. But I'm happy we got to the bottom of it. Do we have to question the tie? No, the tie's real. The tie is real. Giving away the tie was real. Tie is a because we saw it and he got shaped. Yeah it was real because he was, he was angry that the story got out. Yes. He was like, that's supposed to be just a nice behind the scenes thing. Yeah. How much do you think Gym Ns gets paid? A lot? I think he, I think he gets paid more than you think he does.


Were you guys a little sad at the end of the masters today? Like we only have 10 more of these. I was, yeah. Is it 10 or 11? 11. Sorry. 11 More of these. Don't, don't, don't, don't cut us short please. We have 11 more of these. That's that's gonna go by in a blank. I'm gonna guess Jim Nantz gets 15 million a year. I would say more. How many more? I was gonna say 20. I mean he does NFL and and Oh that's right. Yeah. So probably Masters. Probably 35 mil. Yeah, he gets a lot good for him. Yeah. How many more shots of a lifetime in 11 years? Six, two. Well I think every player could, it could be 11. 'cause every player can have their own shot of a lifetime. True. It's not shot of him. Rory can't, Jim Nantz doesn't say shot of my lifetime.


Yeah, does he? He r Rory can't have another one that's he already had. Yeah, he even had two. Yeah, he did. Alright, finish up numbers by the way. Three. I'll do three. You got it. You can have it. You fucking Suck. I don't care who has it to get it. Who has it? Who got it? I got it. No PF Got it. P ft. Got it. Yeah. Take four. I'll take five. Someone at the airport gave SUP Big Texas. So he did get his love that. Yeah, he just texted us. He's like update, someone handed me this so he got his big Texas. So we, I'll take 11 minus 11. What? What's Rory's? What's something Rorys number? He was minus 11. Oh he shot 73 today.


Oh he is 73. This is his fifth major. He 75. He 35 years old. Nine. Nine. Fifth major. I thought it was his fourth. Fuck. 44. I think it's his fifth. No, I just assumed four. No, he won. He won the US open US open twice. Why were you that broken up about that memes? I don't know. He tied Brooks. No, no. He was just like fuck, I want to get it. I want to get it today. A major. Alright, everyone say their numbers again. Four three. 1173. You were never gonna get it. Somebody's, how many majors will Rory have before memes gets it that seven? Nine. Nine? Yeah. I'm gonna say seven as well. 44 seven's probably a safe bet. Get to at least two years. Well how old should we do a Punishment if Rory gets to seven majors before me?


Before memes gets the Number? Yeah. I think we should punish him. Memes has to play Augusta until he shoots the 73. Done. You can't leave though that. You can't stop playing. You have to. You have to move to And you can't get, we're not gonna get you on. You have to just, no, it's gotta be on the the simulator. We'll just find a simulator. You'll be on the simulator you got, you have to get married and divorced and then married again. Okay. The same woman. Yeah. Memes is never gonna get it 90.


Love you guys.