
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music On today is part of my take. We've got a ton of sports to talk about lot of sports. This weekend we're gonna talk about NBA playoffs. We had some duds in game sevens. We had the Preakness, which was incredible. Celtics Knicks are over. We're gonna get our thoughts from Hank from Friday night. We got a great interview with Smylie Kaufman, Talking PGA championship. Scotty Scheffler is back in the winner's circle. He's got his third major.


We also have a really fun interview with Kyle Stowers and Tyler Phillips from the Miami Marlins. They came into studio last week. Awesome dudes. Little baseball talk. I think we're gonna hit everything. We're gonna hit all the sports today. Let's see, we got hockey, baseball, basketball, golf, golf. Horses. Horses. We'll have to talk some football. We'll figure out some football. So, and Max's bachelor party recap after the interview. So PAC show for you.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA finals are almost here and every play could be the one that changes everything. This is the NBA playoffs where heroes rise legacies are built and the action never lets up. And with DraftKings, Sportsbook and official sports betting partner, the NBA, you don't just watch the madness, you live it back. Your favorite team ride with your clutch time killer bet on the buzzer beaters. The breakout performances, the game winning threes from player props to same game parlays. This is how you take your fandom to the next level. New to the game, no sweat. Download the Draftking Sports Book app bet just $5. If your bet wins, you'll score 300 in bonus bets. It's that easy. Download the Draftking Sports Book cap use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio. Okay, let's go Football guy. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins, you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, May 19th and holy shit, we got Sports baby Game seven weekend Duds. I, the anticipation for the game seven is way better than the actual game sevens. This is making me disagree with LeBron's take and he's the first person I've ever heard. Say this. The two best words in sports game seven. Yes. That actually this, this kind of puts me back onto game sixes. Yeah, I might be a game six guy. Listen, I game sevens are great. Game seven duds. I don't even want there to be a game seven when it happens. And we had two of them on Sunday. I agree with you. Game sixes. Maybe more important. Did we have any game sixes? That's the new game. Seven. The new Game. What, Hank what would you like to talk about first?


'cause we have every sport. We're literally gonna talk golf. We Scotty, she, yeah. WNBA. That's, yeah. Well I had wwn A on There. We have everything. You wanna start with Scotty or do you wanna start with basketball? I feel Like major championship or game sevens. That's pretty easy. You know, one of those two. How, What about your game seven that you had? Hank Didn't Have a game. Seven. Oh, why not? It's Monday night. Oh, okay. No, the Celtics lost. No, you wanna start? Do you wanna start with that? I don't, but yeah, sure. Let's start with, let's let, let the bandaid off. Let's do it. Let's the bandaid off. Let's do it. No, let's do it. Let Hank, Hank is so egoistic that he thought that we were talking about the Celtics this whole time. No, we were talking about the thunder and the nuggets And we were talking about this game seven.


Yeah. And we were talking about Scotty. Let's, let's wait. Okay, let's wait. Okay, great. Let's, let's talk about the game sevens today. Let's talk about the thunder nuggets. By the way, I should have started the show Parody is back. NBA parody is officially back this now with the thunder beating the nuggets in game seven. There are going to be, it's guaranteed seven different champions in seven different years in the NBA. And we also have the chance for two franchises who've never won a title in Indiana and Minnesota. I guess actually three. 'cause I don't, I don't think OKC claims any of Seattle's history even.


Well, Kevin Durant. Yeah. Kevin Durant. And then the, and then the Knicks last title was 52 years ago. So no matter what the final four, I don't think in the N nba we're gonna get a new champion for half a century. I don't think that Seattle would allow OKC to claim Correct. Any of their past success. Correct. I think they'd put up a pretty big fight for That. Right. It's, it's obviously the same franchise, but it's not. So we're gonna say three Outta four have never won a title. And the fourth is the New York Knicks who haven't won a title in 52 years. So parody is back and it's just kind of cool because out of the, maybe a passing of the torch, SGA, Anthony Edwards, Jalen Brunson, Tyrese Halbert. And one of those four is gonna win their first NBAA title.


It Is pretty cool. It is pretty cool. And the thunder, it, it looked like the series was just too long for the nuggets. They were too old, too banged up. Aaron Gordon was playing on one and a half legs pretty much. He couldn't, he couldn't jump off his left Leg. What a beast. He's a beast. Yeah. He and and by the way, just to put it into perspective, Aaron Gordon played in game seven with a grade two hammy. And if the Lakers were in this game, LeBron would still be two weeks away from coming back. That's True Because LeBron, remember when he got hurt in the last game of the Laker season, they some, for some reason put out a timetable for his return, which no one needed or asked For. Right. So the hypothetical return, if they had won, yeah, here's what I would be able to do. Steph Curry had the same injury didn't play at all. It's true. I missed a softball game with the same injury.


Yeah. These are, these are all like elite athletes that aren't able to will themselves to do it. And somehow Aaron Gordon was he 11? He had, he led the, the game in rebound. So Pretty, pretty incredible. And the final score won't tell you the full story because up until about three minutes left in the first half it was a one point game and it was like, it looked like it was gonna be a defensive struggle, looked like it was gonna be an ugly game. The exact kind of game that I think the nuggets would want to be in. Yeah. That they might have a chance to win. And then in the last three minutes of that first half, it all fell apart and I believe it was 42 to 41 with three minutes left in the second Well And then Oklahoma City went on an 18 to five run to close out the half.


And then it was just never closed from that point. Yeah, I was gonna say it all fell apart from the nuggets. It all fell into plan for the Thunder. I feel like this series was the Thunder like growing up in front of our eyes because they had, in this series, they had the game three overtime game where it was like, Ooh, is this moment too big for them? Then they come back, have the game four and five wins. Don't close it out in Denver. Game six. And then even in game seven, the way this game started, they were down 10 almost like instantly. And you're like, uhoh, are they getting a little tight? Are is, is this like a championship DNA kind of game and then the thunder again grow up and like that's a game where their def they play defense.


Like, I mean it's insane watching them play defense. They're so good as a unit. Caruso is such a menace. There's a little bit, I know there's a lot of argument about FOS and all this. I enjoyed watching 'cause I feel like Yoic and Cruso were going back and forth. Yeah. Like they were both kind of being very physical. And I do think the Thunder have a little bit of the Seattle Seahawks. There's our football talk of like they can't call everything. But Caruso was such a tone setter and so good and I, I threw out there on Thursday night. I believe that he's so underrated. And someone was like, dude, he's not underrated. He's, you know, been all defense a couple times and I was thinking about it. He is underrated because two franchises basically got rid of Caruso for nothing.


The Lakers let 'em walk because they were cheap and didn't wanna go in the luxury tax and the Bulls didn't get a pick for 'em. Even though they should have. 'cause the Thunder I think have 7 billion picks. And Alex Cruso is like, they're thunder are great as a team. And Alex Cruso just takes that defense intensity to another level and they're so fucking ferocious defensively. And shout to SGA because I feel like he grew up as well. He went games five, six and 7 31 points, 32 points, 35 points. And he went game five 52% from the field sit then game six 68% from the field game, seven 63% from the field. The best player on the Thunder stepped up his game when they needed him to.


And they had like, you know, the role players step up today. The thunder are so good. They're such a good team. And I don't even know, like, I don't even know where to start with the thunder versus wolves. 'cause both defenses are just gonna eat each other alive. Yeah. I mean it, it was, it was one of those games where Caruso as a defender proved that he's worth everything that you're paying him. And then some. And I feel like the games that The Thunder as a team do really well or the games where Caruso is not like a top score. Yeah. On the team. You know, the, the, the Alex Caruso games, I think we talked about them losing one of the Alex Caruso games Yeah. Where you tried to bring him back at the end of the game. Yeah, yeah. When he's just like fighting people in the background. Yeah. When he is playing hard defense. Those are the games that that fall into place for the Thunder.


Yeah. They, they did kind of grow up, but again, it was a close game. It was, it was a very close game until the end of the first half. But can you call it a close game if it was only a close game for less than a half? No, it was, I don't think you can, I I'm gonna say it was a close game until, that's back to my point about just Yeah. It being a long series for the older team. Yeah. And they seemed to just run out of all the gas that they had stored up. Well the, I mean, thunder are better team. They were a better team. And I, I like you go back to that game three. Like they, they, that's a game they could have won. Should have won. And it could have been a, like I I do give the nuggets a ton of credit for even getting to Game seven because I do think they were overmatched and they have a lot of questions going into this off season. 'cause it's just like, you gotta get more help for Yoic.


But Yoic, we love Yoic on this podcast. He's awesome. He could have played better this series. Yeah. And I know that it, like he needs probably, you know, a little more spacing and, and some more help and, but games four, he only took nine shots today. He was at the free throw line a lot. But Game four and Game seven, and again, this is all relative because Yoic even in a bad game, still impacts the game in a way the few people do. But I think it's fair to hold him to the standard of best player in the world. And if he was the best player in the world, game four and seven, he could have played better and they could have won this series. Yeah. Would he have 20 points today? Yeah. Yeah. 20. He, he has like flashes in these series where he'll like explode for 40 but he did not play up to his own standards.


And That's a lot of, lot of credit to The Thunder. 'cause they had him in a Yes. Torture chamber. Yeah. When, when Caruso was just banging with him down low Yoic, he said like, the my last resort is I'm gonna have to flop against Alex Caruso. Yeah. And he got rewarded for it a little bit, but yeah, he was, he was in, he was in a bad spot. He couldn't get it done all by himself and Aaron Gordon. I think that that was the big difference in this game. 'cause going into this game, Well they wouldn't have won The Nuggets wouldn't have won with a Healthy or Aaron Gordon. They lost by 35 points. Yeah. But I'm just saying in into this game, the nuggets were plus 32 with Gordon on the court and minus 68 when he was not on the court. Yeah. So it makes a difference. Of course. I'm just trying to give some, I'm, I'm trying to give a little bit of context.


Obviously The Thunder we're the better team in the series it went seven. Yep. So it's not like it was a blowout one way or the other. It was a dominant game. Seven performance for sure. But in context, I think that it was a closer series than, than we're making it seem when we say that. Like, no, I Yage sucked. Yeah. And no, no, I didn't say Yage suck. Yeah. I said Yoic. If, if he's the best player in the world, he had two games in this series that if he had B played better, they would've probably won the series. And again, he, he needs more help around him. I'm more saying like, the conversation of Yoic is best player in the world, best player in the world can sometimes be like, I'm gonna take over this series and win this series. Yeah. He didn't do that and that didn't happen.


He did not suck. Although Game four he sucked. He was like seven for 22. And again, I think it's the thunder defense. They are so good defensively and yeah. I mean remember game one 'cause that feels like forever ago, that was a game The Thunder almost won and the, you know, crazy heroics at the end From they lucked into that one. Yeah. Yeah. So I I I feel like the, the story of this series is not as much as like, oh man, the nuggets are right there. I feel like it's, the Thunder grew up and like the demons of going through the wars in a playoffs and being a young team, they almost like speed ran it in this series alone. Yeah. I I have no idea what to expect at all from the Timberwolves Nuggets or Timberwolves Thunder series 'cause that both teams play great defense.


Both teams have emerging superstars that you, you think that you can trust that are fun to watch when they're great. But one of the guys is gonna be obviously able to, to elevate their game to a next level and the other's not. Yeah. And it's really gonna come down To, and I don't, I, I have no idea which one's gonna be There. I think it's gonna come down to the, the, the guys around him. Like Jalen Williams today was, was awesome. And he, they, that's what the thunder need is. Like the second guy who can step up and Julius Randall has been awesome. So it's like the, the, the wolves feel like they might have that. Did you guys see Yoko's quotes after I I liked he had two that I really enjoyed. One was he was asked how this off season will be compared to last off season. He said the next couple of days is gonna be a lot of beer probably.


Okay. Which, okay, that's relatable. There's a lot of beer. And then I really liked this one. He was, 'cause this happens with every team when they lose, they get asked about like, you know, window and all this stuff. So they asked him if the, if this team can win a title and he said we didn't. I don't believe in if stuff there it is. They didn't win a title. You can't be like, can they win a title? They didn't win a title. Yeah, no. They'll they'll have to make some changes. Yeah. But I really wish this game was better. That's all Game sevens. Scott Foster Didn't do his fucking job. That's my problem. Game sevens are, they need to, they need to always deliver. We don't talk enough about the bad game.


Sevens the bad game Sevens are the biggest bummer. There were a couple bad game sevens today. Yeah. Although credit to the Thunder, I wanna say for anyone who had one tv, they did, they did do a good job of like making a no doubter at the end of the first half and in the third quarter so that everyone could switch to the PGA championship. That's for one TV guys. The problem was the PGA also became a no doubter at the same time that the basketball became a no doubter. Should We do our PGA recap right now? We can do that. Yeah. I I was gonna say embrace debate Big Cat. Is it better to lose in game six? Like get this shit kicked out of you. Get your teeth stomped in, get your guts pulled outta your belly button or than to go on to lose game seven mm.


And get the shit kicked out of you. How bad do you lose in game six? Game six is really bad. It's like, It's been like worst loss for defending Champion in an elimination game ever. Yeah. But it's also on a Friday, so it's kind of like a news dump. Got it. But Sunday's in front of the world. Got it. Max, you didn't know that stat? No. That's a good stat. Let's, let's get, let's do PGA. Okay, let's suck off PGA. All right. So Scotty Scheffler incredible. Did you, so I was thinking about it. Do you think there's a, there's probably a few guys out there who timed their nap where they'd never thought this tournament was ever in doubt. Yeah. Because they basically timed their nap and fell asleep in the middle portion of the day when John Rom tied it and then they woke up and John Rom was like six shots back.


You're like, oh yeah, I knew I perfect nap. There was no knew, knew that Sky Shuffle was gonna run away with this. There was no drama whatsoever in this for that guy. Yeah. It was tied. It was in fact tied and it was like, oh shit, is Scotty gonna melt down? Is he gonna fall apart? Had a couple bad bogies on the front nine and then Rom looked like he was being mentally strong. Yeah. And then everything bad possible happened to John Rom and Scotty just kept being Scotty just dialed in. There was, we're gonna get into with smiling a little bit. There was Yeah, We do a full recap with Smiley, Some controversy about Rory's driver and his driver face. But we have an update to that now. Big kid. Oh, okay. We have an update to the, the driver that was pulled from Rory because the face was too thin on it.


Scheffler, Scotty Scheffler, the champion just admitted that his driver was also tested this week and did not comply. Hmm. That he needed switch drivers before the tournament. Wow. And he said if we're going to do it right, we need to be more robust. Even test guys every single week. Wow. Have every driver tested every Single week. But he won. But he won. But he talked to the media about getting the driver taken away. He did not use the, the bad driver in this tournament. Huh. Interesting. Just an interesting point of fact. I Feel very vindicated that we rooted against Rory for the Masters after he didn't talk to the media any of the days. That's, that should be illegal. You have to talk to the media. We do your job. How are we gonna do our job? Yeah. Listen, we, we are actually the reason why, the why professional golfers exist Yeah.


Is us talking about the golfers. Yeah. That exist. IIII love watching Scotty win. He's the man. It also just like from a personal perspective, the fact that like he's intimately knowledgeable of Stu Finer just makes it even Better. I was thinking about that. Yeah. Oh, I think about it. Every time he's leading in a big tournament, I'm just like, this guy fucking watches Stu Finder say eat ass lick Clit. Yeah. Also Before going to church. Massive respect to, to Mrs. Scheffler because after Scotty makes the final putt on 18, the first thing she does, she's like, you take the baby. Yeah. Like immediately she's like, I've been carrying this baby around all day. You take the baby, he's your thing to deal with now. And then Scotty takes him into the clubhouse Yes.


And has to distract him with a hat and like another toy be like, Hey, just focus on this real quick. What I have to sign my scorecard for this major championship to count. Can can you just look at this hat for a second? The most relatable dad moment because you do, like, I remember once I was in a a, a car with my kids and they were screaming bloody murder. And I got one of them to stop by just handing them a a bottle and they just like, were just playing with the actual empty bottle. They just look at you. That was Scotty Scheffler being like, dude, notebook hat, those are your toys for the next three minutes you got this. Yeah. And that will distract the kid for about three minutes and then you gotta find something else. I've done that before but with remotes where I'm like, here look at this remote.


And then they just pick it up and start hitting all the buttons for it. Yeah. Yeah. Remotes are are are dicey though. 'cause then you just change everything on your tv. Yeah. Well it wasn't my tv so it was like free Play. Yeah. Yeah. But it was an awesome tournament. Hank, did you have any thoughts on the tournament? Yeah, it was an awesome tournament for Scotty. Wasn't an awesome tournament in terms of like drama. No, not a lot of good drama. I mean, Scotty going five under in his last five holes yesterday. Like I'm sure there's a lot of guys who were like, all right. You know, they finished their round, maybe a couple, a couple holes ahead of Scotty. Like, all right, I gotta shot at this. And then they just see him come in five under four shot lead going into Sunday. Like it's over. Yeah. Wanted John Rom to come back. I I or I, you know, I wanted to be closer just for, just for the drama, but I like seeing Scotty win.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean on, on Sunday morning when you can bet on it online it was you, you couldn't even really bet on Scotty. The odds were just so crazy. It Was like it was minus four 50. The first odd that was, that was at the top of the screen was who was gonna finish in second today. Yeah. And that became the new champion that you could bet on. Yeah. And it was, it was all, I mean we're we, we will talk about it with Smiley, but I was, Scotty was, was was in like seventh place and he was plus two 50. And I was just like this, it's just, it's almost like they knew Scotty's coming. Yeah. And there's nothing you can do about it. Yeah. Yeah. And he was, he was pumped when he won Let Out scream, Kind of remember I said I got, I got a little hate for my take that Scotty had that moment in the Butler cabin where he was like, oh, it's on now.


'cause people were like, no dude. He just wanted to get outta there and didn't want to take away from Rory's moment. I was like, this might be the fuck you tour from Scotty. Looks like it might be on. He looks pretty good. Looks like it might be on. So I golden Slam. That'd be pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I've, I've watched every major championship for the last, I'm gonna say 15 years. I had forgotten that Scotty only won two. Yeah. It felt like he had won four. Right. 'cause he wins everything else. I Know he wins every, every other thing and he's won two masters and he's so dominant when he wins that you're just like, this guy's clearly the best golfer in the sport. I had completely forgotten that he had only won two. Yeah. I knew he had the two masters. I thought maybe, I don't know, maybe he had sprinkled in a PGA or us open at some point.


But yeah, this, if there's one knock against Scotty Scheffler, how is he so good? And he is only won three. Well Here's the thing, the other part was Scotty is he looks like he's 40 years old. He's 28. Yeah. That's what fucks everyone up. And we, because you're just like, you see, he ha he has looked like he's a 40-year-old man. And I don't say that in disrespectful way. He just has like a, he's kind of got like an heir to him where it's like he's, he's 12 years younger than us and I would call him, sir, what really Fucks up when he Is 20, 22? Like, it Wasn't that Long ago. Right? He's only Yeah, 20. Yeah. 22 major starts. He's won three of 'em pretty Crazy. So, so he's only, what's his age again? He's 28. He's gonna be 29 in a Month. Okay. And John Rom is how old John Rom is also a sneaky John Rom I think he's ro 30 is Probably like 31.


John Rom is 30. He is 30. So John Rom is younger than Hank. Yeah. And Scotty is younger than Max. That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, Scott, the young guns, Scotty has looked. Yeah, he's just, he's just, he's had a man look about him. I don't know what it is. I think it's, I think it's the beard. It's the Size. It's The size. John Rom same thing. Yeah. But John Rom's got one of those faces that he could pass as like 45. I think they just Got sized to him. They got heft density. Scotty's also just too mature for his age. Yeah, That Too. Do you think we're gonna get a a period where Scotty just goes absolutely wild? No. You don't think so? I would say No. I Think we're gonna get a period where Scotty like, or that even entail for Scott would, Scotty it would be like two, two bottles of wine.


Two bottles of wine that I guess listen, we like Scotty friend of the program, current guests. I guess you can't ever say no because if you had the same conversation about Tiger Woods in like 2006, people were like, no way. I don't know. That's, I don't know. But that's the truth. That was a sh that was I think Tiger's marrying supermodels. Yeah. I think Scotty is, is is a pretty safe bet that he, I feel like Scotty has like five best friends that he gets fucked up with and they're, they're those best friends. Don't even tell anyone that they're best friends. Is Scotty Sheffer like that's how, how good of like a inner circle he has. Yeah. If I was a sponsor I would be just looking at Sky Chef, like take all my money. But, but you Know what I'm saying, like Tiger did kind of ruin the whole, Everybody's good.


Yeah. Every, Everyone, no matter what you're, you're good to to say that. Nothing will ever, you know, be bad about this. Well, I mean if we had had this exact same conversation Big Cat a year and a week ago And we were to say, Scotty Scheffler lifetime odds to ever be arrested True. Plus 500,000. True. We would say, yeah, don't take that bet. Yeah. This was his revenge. Yeah, it Was. Yeah. Nike put out an ad. Best golfer in the world. Question mark. Guilty. Pretty good ad. Pretty good ad. Alright, so that was PGA. Do you want to talk about this? Game Seven just ended. Oh, Florida, Toronto. Florida, Toronto. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bad, Bad. Game seven. Do you wanna do Hockey?


Well, this game just ended up All right, we'll do hockey. Let's do hockey. Okay. Ready? Yeah. Yeah. Hank's just betting on that volcano in Yellowstone to erupt at some point before we get to The Celtics running off the clock. Hockey Leafs turns out it wasn't their year, Not their year. Panthers look great. The first period Leafs were okay, but once, but they, once that ref got his face caved in by a stick, everything just tilted towards the Panthers. And the thing about the leaves is if they, if you get two quick goals on 'em, they just crumble. Oh yeah. They turn into the, the biggest pile of, of snot that you could see. I feel like though, even in the first period, the leaves were kind of holding on. Whereas like you saw the shots in the, in the, in the zone.


Like the, the Panthers felt like it was not a if just when. And I, the Panthers are a better team than the leaves. And they are, they just won a cup. They played perfect hockey tonight. This was a about a per as perfect of a game. Seven as you can play doesn't help like Leafs fans dealing with this loss. But I don't think you can wa i this wasn't one of those Leafs choked Haha. Leaf choked seasons. They played a better team and went to seven games and lost. Yeah. Marshawn turns out was a great pickup by the Panthers. Yeah. And then we also had the stars. Who, what Team let him go. The Brus traded him. Oh, okay. Traded Him. We also had this, he owns the Stars.


Awesome. Stars are very good. They finished that in six against the Jets overtime winner. Which overtime winner to finish a series at home. What a, what a moment. That has to Feel pretty incredible. Pretty It's it, the barn was rocking Pretty tough loss to bounce back from with a handshake line. Yeah. But you gotta do it. Yeah. Gotta do it. Gotta always do it. And now I'm outside of Carolina. Carolina. No offense to the Carolina Hurricanes, but after watching them play against your caps, I don't like watching them play hockey. Yep. That's fair. I'm very excited for Stars Oilers. That's gonna be awesome. And I'm excited that biz is gonna get his life back. And maybe we will like, did you see?


So we're gonna have Biz on Wednesday show to talk about the conference finals credit to TNT 'cause he'll just, they just let biz do whatever he wanted. He was before the game tonight. He had a like candlelight vigil for the Maple Leafs and he was lighting the Leafs. Each candle being like, we gotta get Marner going light the candle. If you, if that was your first time tuning into hockey, you're like, this guy has lost his complete mind. Yeah. Listen. But it was great tv. He's, he's like a fan except he's only really been a fan of the team for a couple seasons. Yeah. But he's gotten like off the deep end for him. I I do think that the Leaf's discussion is gonna be interesting this off season. 'cause they, they cannot come back with that same team.


No, it's not gonna, it's not gonna happen Again. The Panthers are so good. They are Bob and Bob was, yeah, Bob great. Bob was locked in, locked in. I thought for a second. Oldie might've saved the least going down to Florida for game six. That Was bullshit that they kicked oldie out. Did they actually kick him out? 'cause he shook hands with the police officer. Well That, that's because he is the best at neutralizing any situation of anybody that I've ever met in my child. True. Like the, the cop went down there. He is like, hey. Yeah, we've heard some complaints that there was a guy demonstrating side pouch up against the glass. We're gonna have to kick you out, sir. And then by the time they got to the top of the steps, the cop was probably like, Hey, you wanna come to my kid's birthday? Yeah. You seem like a fun guy. I think he just got moved. I think his sections got moved. I don't think he actually got kicked out because he is that good.


Yeah. He can neutralize anyone. What else? Hank Oh, Preakness, I was gonna say was incredible. I think the, the Mark Chely Chely story Yes. Of the Jets. That was, some things are bigger than sports. Big time. Yeah. He's, his dad unexpectedly passed away before the game decided he scores a to play play. He scored a goal. I know Handshake line after the game was water work city. That was, that was one of the, I mean best like tier tears in your eyes, handshake lines. Yeah. I've seen in a while. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's unreal that he was able to do that. Yeah. To play in that game. It's crazy. Bigger than sports. Bigger a of things are bigger than sports. Yeah.


Perspective. Did you watch the Preakness? I did watch the Preakness Journalism. Maybe the coolest stretch run there ever. He got fucking bo he got form tackle, horse Tackle The guy the the caddy cheat or not the caddy Jockey. Yeah, the caddy. Yeah. No, you got it. The caddy. The jockey. Yeah. Yeah. Was that just haters? No, no. There was, there was some bump and grinding. Yeah. It's, it's how we, it's old school horse racing. They were Elbowing each other. It's 1990s horse racing. Yeah. But journalism, like, it was so cool to watch the last, I don't know, a hundred yards where he, it looked like he had nitrous in his ass. Yeah. So he was going in a different speed than every other horse on the track.


Yeah. And the, the jockey was saying afterwards, like, yeah, I've run this type of race with him before he, he has that ability to do it. And it was, I'm glad that he won. Look at me. Yeah, he's that's some old school shit right there. That's some, that's some Bumping and grinding. That's some full contact horse racing right there. Going up to the 18th fairway. Yeah. It was fun. That was a fun race. Very fun. You enjoyed it. Yeah. Were You happy for journalism? Yeah. I love journalism. Journalism. Journalism. Back journalism. You love all of it? Yeah. Did you guys see That foul on Angel Reese? Well, let's say that, let's save that. Let's save that. Yeah, why don't, should we, should we talk about Friday night? The Boat? The boat. The Dumbo. Yeah. That was crazy. Crazy.


That was Saturday night. The Mexican boat that ran into the Brooklyn Bridge. I think a couple people might have died. That was pretty sad. But Hank brought it up, not me. Yeah. You said it was awesome, right? Yeah. You said it was awesome. It was was wild. A couple people died. Yeah. A couple people died. Never said it was awesome. It's Not awesome. It was a Mexican Navy training ship. It's An insane video. There's a lot of stuff going on with ships running to bridges these days. Insane Video. What do you think about that, Hank? I Know, I know. It's sad. I, the first person I thought about this is sad, the point that Hank's broken my brain, but the first person I thought about when I saw this video was Hank and what kind of dots he's connecting to try to pull this all Together. Yeah. So what, what's your theory?


I don't know. They're saying they, they lost power and just floated into the bridge. Yeah. Yeah. That's Scary stuff. Speaking of Bridges, McHale Bridges plays for the Knicks. He does. And that was Friday nights And that's where the video is from. That was Friday nights. Should we talk about that game? You gotta see the Joe Joe Biden. Yeah. Let's see how many things you can Yeah. Empty the clip. Go ahead. Yeah. Joe Biden has cancer. Hope he hope he's okay. Former President. Yeah, that's, yep. Prostate stage four. What else you got Paul Skeens struck out. Bryce Harper. Yep. Three fast. Yep. Okay. Power move. Okay. That was crazy. Sick.


Nick Cable. MLB Debut six. Hitting Scoreless nine case. Yep. That's cool. That was actually, that was gonna be my next, That was next thing. That was The only, that was way to get me going. But yeah, Anything else? What else you got? Do you wanna do WNBA? Yeah, I mean that was, that was a, a wild, wild opening night. Yeah. Like at first I was kind of like, why are they, you know, there should be basketball on tonight, but they deleted for the WNBA and it makes sense why they did. It was action everywhere. I, I have, I I I think I'm addicted to WNBA discourse because that was the, that was the first game of the season and I've never seen racism thrown on both sides so quickly. First game of the season, everyone was just calling each other racist.


It was fucking awesome. Yeah. So racism everywhere. When It comes to Caitlyn Clark and Angel Reese, there's a lot of people that don't care about the WNBA who have thoughts about the WNBA. Correct. And there's also a lot of people that care very deeply about the WNBA that don't want all the discourse from their fan base growing to a point where it becomes, where it reaches critical mass in America where you get assholes rooting for your sport. Yeah. But here's the dirty secret is if you want to be a successful league, you have to reach that point where the world's biggest shitheads have very strong opinions about all your athletes. Correct. It's like a little catch 22. And it's, it's fun to see a league deal with those growing pains because obviously people are talking more about the WNBA in the last two years than they have in a very long time.


And it's not to say that they didn't have fans. Their fans were just, it was a smaller group and now it's, it made that leap all of a sudden to becoming a, a national talking point on not just sports media, but just mainstream media in general. Well, And it's not, yeah. It's, it's just race racism. And now Every, Every game is a race War. And now think about all the shithead out there that pay attention to any sort of like news pro. Like if you deal with a, a national news program, you're reaching millions of people, a lot of whom are very dumb. Yeah. And now they're going to have strong takes on your sport. How do you deal with the idiots now becoming fans of your sport? The, the fouling question was a regular foul.


I thought that was a pretty Right. It was hard. She put some stank on it. The only, the only criticism of Kaitlyn Clark following there was that Angel Reese misses a lot of layups. She just let Her shoot. She probably would've missed it. Yeah. And that's my biggest takeaway from the Angel Reese verse, Kaitlyn Clark rivalry, if you wanna call it that. I actually feel bad for Angel Reese at this point. And it has nothing to do with like how she's handled herself or anything. It's just simply Caitlyn Clark is so much better than Angel Reese at basketball that it's not, it doesn't feel fair. Yeah. I think, I think Angel Reese is struggling with the fact that Caitlyn Clark is, is better at her best thing than she is. Well, She's better at everything. And she had a triple double. She, she's tied for the third most triple doubles in, in WNBA history and she's played 50 games.


Yeah. She's just better And they don't like each other. Which is again, no, I think good for the sport. Great For the sport that they don't like each other. But then how do you deal with having a bunch of weirdos out there that now care very deeply about your sport? Yes. Without trying to actively push them away, which is also a mistake, right. To push away the, the attention that your sport's getting. Do You agree that like I, in a weird way, I I I feel bad for Andre the fact that she, she wants a rivalry and she has history with Kaitlyn Clark, but it's, no, it's nowhere near equal footing in terms of play and it's like almost an awkward fit. Like Kaitlyn Clark needs a different rival because this one is just not fair.


Yeah. Well the thing that she does have, and I think this actually contributes to why she's really not having a good time with all the Kaitlyn Clark publicity, is the fact that they did beat Kaitlyn Clark in the championship in college. Correct. So she's got that in the back of her head. Now she's struggling to realize that oh shit, she's way better than me. Yeah. Yeah. And that's tough. The triple double is tough on opening night And she's not gonna be able to get over that. And racism by Everyone. Racism by, we had the LeBron is there was LeBron congratulating Kaitlyn Reese and people being like LeBron Ca Clark or Caitlyn Clark. Caitlyn Reese. Thank you Hank, you're you're really sharp today. You're welcome. Thank you. LeBron congratulating Caitlyn Clark. And everyone's like, LeBron's a sellout. And then our guy, white boy Rick saying Angel Reese can't, is dribbling at her chin and then saying he's racist.


And I was like, I love all this. Everyone's racist. I on both sides, I do love Angel Reese getting all those rebounds off her own. Missed layups though. Yeah. It's fun to watch her miss like four in a row and get four rebounds in a row. Yeah. That's good. Basketball to Me, I just, I I can't remember the last story where we've had the, the equal claims of racism on both sides and it's like, guys, it's, we're talking about basketball. Yeah. It's like, like what are we even doing here? But, but people have just gone nuclear and it's just so toxic that I I I'm addicted to it. It's like Angel Reese's, Caitlyn Clark's Achilles heel. Yeah. Yeah. That was mean. Is it not? Yeah. No, it is. It's think it's, it was mean. I think it's valid, But it was mean.


You wanna talk about Paul Skees again? We Yeah, Yeah. No, I mean a little more like little more, you know, not as National Sports podcast, but you know, local to us. Chicago Cubs swept the White Sox this weekend. Yeah. PCA's the man. They're Hot Cubs are hot. Yeah. Everyone's talking about it. Yeah. It's all, it's all the city's a buzz. Yeah. Cubs Fever. I was at the game on Saturday. I love PCAI die for PCA. Do they call it Subway series here? No. What do they call it? Just, it's just White Sox versus Cubs. Okay. And Subway. I mean it is connected. Speaking of series is connected series by a Subway. But it's that I feel like Subway series in New York and it's the l They actually had a subway series this weekend too.


That's right. Yeah. People are mad at Oh Yeah, you got that. People Are mad at Juan Soto. Both sides are mad at Juan Soto. Yeah. Yankee found Sound classic. They tried to do a, they tried to do a trophy. I don't think they have it anymore. The Crosstown Classic Trophy. It was so sad. It's a hotdog when both teams were not good and it was like they literally had a trophy and it was just like, what, what is this? It Should be The Bean. The Bean should be their trophy. Take a picture of it Afterwards. Sound cup was so sad. But yeah, Yankees fans are pissed at Soto 'cause he left and they booed him. I actually like Soto's. They might still Do the cross cup response to it where he just tipped his hat to all the booing fans in right field. Yeah. He was just like, yeah, bring it on. Bring it on. And then now Mets fans are mad 'cause he didn't run outta the Batards box. Yeah. And Yankees fans doing the, we're turning our back to him.


That was kind of weird. He doesn't care. Yeah. Also, he doesn't really, that Doesn't really do Anything. He doesn't really owe you anything. No. Like why would, why would, why is Juan Soda the bad guy in this situation? Yeah. By the way Max, he's looking out Crosstown Cup Cup. The best part about the Crosstown Cup is the tie breaker would be who won it last year. So there were, there was a year where there was no winner. It was like three three, but it was because the team had won it last year. They get to keep the cup. It's fucking so stupid. I love that. So stupid. Alright, Hank, what, what You gotta, I mean, what else you got? It's, I think it's time. I It's time. It's time. It's time.


It's time. It is time. I got, I And we have a video pulled up of everything that Hank Hank said. I don't know if we wanna start. We Have, I wanna start with giving the Knicks their flowers. Same. I think we need to give the Knicks their flowers. 'cause I think that's appropriate because the Knicks are Shadow Knicks fans. They have gone through a lot of shit. They've seen some really bad basketball for a lot of years. I think there was a lot of weird gatekeeping going on on Friday night because Knicks fans were going crazy in the streets. And like guys on billboards, I, this podcast is very much in favor of enjoying the ride. If you're a fan, you can't, you can't be like, oh, job's not finished.


Job's not finished for the players, the players will say Job's not finished. Jalen Brunson actually said that they had a team meeting after game five, after they lost in Boston being like, that was piss poor effort. Job's not finished. They didn't really celebrate. They said if you watch, they celebrated Game four Victory a lot and then they on game six, they didn't really celebrate that much after on the court. The fans should celebrate, the fans should enjoy every moment of this and soak it in and have the best time ever. Especially like basketball and hockey, when the weather turns, there's no better celebration. Yeah. Shut down seventh Avenue, climb up the foul poles, It rocked high five Timothy Chalamet is hanging out the side of a limousine. Yep.


Do all that stuff. You should absolutely celebrate it. You got to the Eastern Conference finals, which is obviously difficult to do. First Conference finals in 25 years. First Yeah. In 25 years. And you've got a very fun team to root for a tough team, a mentally, physically tough team. I, I would say the, the toughest in the fact that you had, there was two, two moments in, in on Friday night where I was like this, I mean the game was over pretty quickly, but Mitchell Robinson basically playing defense on the entire Celtics team on that one possession where he was just hustling his ass off. And then Josh Hart having a triple double and like diving for offensive rebounds when they're up 40. This Knicks team has grit, they have guts, they have like, they, they've done a good job with their roster making the moves they made and yeah, they're, and, and Jalen Brunson and I'm sure Knicks fans, I would, I would love for you to chime in and tell me if I'm close or where I'm at.


What do you got Mees? What are you pulling up? Langs and Galloway. Alexi sched, Andre b Ani, Lou Amundson and Lance Thomas Knicks fans have been through shit. This, this, this franchise has been a joke for a long time and they, and New York cares about basketball, so them celebrating the way they did. I'll actually say, you know what, my only critique of New York on Friday night, you didn't go hard enough. I think you should have gone crazier. I think that they, that you are well deserved to celebrate this absolutely New York Knicks fan. And the team is fun to root for. They're so fun in fact that I find myself rooting for the New York Knicks, which is crazy when you think that New York fans, they're also Rangers fans.


They're also Yankees and Mets fans. It's insane. But this is a likable team. Yeah. And, and New York. And somehow New York has become the underdog. Well we like living in New York, you know, that like the Knicks and it happens when there's one, when there's split teams everywhere in the city like New York where there's Mets and Yankees fans and Jets and Giants fans. But New York is the one team that everyone gets behind. You know what I mean? Like, so they, the the, the city does feel different when the Knicks are doing well. We didn't even get to see it. We saw a couple like runs. But Knicks fans do not apologize for anything. Go as crazy as you want to go fucking talk any shit you want to talk. This is the whole point of playoffs and watching sports and watching, you know, Langston Galloway, you know, six years ago, seven years ago.


This is the whole point is that you get these moments and you should embrace it and enjoy it as much as you possibly can. Ah, Two years ago you were, your main focus was Charles Oakley getting kicked out of MSG for trying to fight your owner. Yeah. Now it's, you're in the Eastern Conference finals and they, I appreciate also that New York did not give a shit when the Nets were good. No, they're like, we don't care. No, no. But the Knicks now, that's the stuff. No, I remember I wa I walked out of, I went to the game seven, the Kevin Durant foot on the Line Game Buck's Nets and walking outta that game, there was like a crossing guard who was a Knicks fan. He was just talking all this shit to the Nets fans. Yeah. He's like, you guys fucking suck. And everyone's like, dude, the Knicks suck.


He's like, I don't care. At least we're not the Nets. Yeah. I have a question though. And I'm sure memes, you could chime in, but I want to hear from Nick's fans as well. I think Jalen Brunson is already a top five Nick. I think it's not, I I I think it's the, the, the list now is Patrick Ewing, Willis Reed and c Frazier Frazier. And like then, then it's, and then it's like, yeah, Earl Pearl and then like Mellow is somewhere in there. Obviously Insanity has a special place in Nick's fan's hearts. But I think he's a top five Nick. He might be top four, he might be he the New York Knicks in the last 20 years before Brunson got there, they won eight playoff games in the three seasons.


He's been a nick. They've won 21 playoff games and he's like, he's also, I think it's just like the undersized guard kind of thing that everyone can get behind. Second round pick, second round pick Dallas. Like being like, nah, we're good. Which is still crazy. Went to a small school, Small school, not known for basketball. That, that part's wrong. But you can continue. Yeah, no, I think he's, I think he's a top five nick of all time in the three years that he's been there and it's, he's, he's awesome and he's a heartbeat of that team and yeah, they're fun to root for and Tibs is like, you know, he's Tibs he's gonna, he had those guys in there with 40, with, with 10 minutes left, so, So 40, like I said, the Nick's being scrappy underdogs.


It's an interesting position for New York fans to be in and Big Cat do they lose that going up against the Pacers because they were going up against the defending champion. So it was, you know, it was easy to root for the Knicks against the Boston Celtics for a lot of people out there that didn't have a dog in the fight going up against the Pacers. You think they lose that? Hmm. Or do you think they just lean heavily, heavily into the past of like Reggie Miller versus the Knicks and they just stir up those old emotions? Well It is on TNT so, so Reggie Miller will be calling the game. So we'll get a lot of that. It won't be the Stephen A. Smith show. So I think I, I love this, I love the Eastern conference trial. There's like the, this is going to be Bad Blood City because these teams have legitimate real history.


They played, I think it was like six times in eight years in the nineties, you had the John Stark's headbutt of Reggie Miller, which was more of a Reggie Miller flop. You had the Reggie Miller eight points in nine seconds, you had the Larry Johnson four point play. Like you had the Reggie Miller doing the choke to to Spike Lee. There's history between these two teams. So I'm excited. I think it's gonna be toxic. I think it's be like, people don't like the Pacers. People don't like the Knicks. There's gonna be moments that everyone's gonna be mad at each other because I, I think it's gonna be Awesome. I think that the Knicks are fun to root for. But then you see, you see one or two examples of them celebrating this win that makes you think I could see myself being, being motivated to hate this fan base.


I'm gonna take It on a game by game basis. I could, I, I like rooting for the Nicks right now, but I can see a world in which I completely flip on them and exhibit A might be your very own Nicks fan here. Memes. Memes, yeah. Memes. And you should celebrate memes. You should celebrate Memes has, but You went on, you went on a war page. Memes, war path. I wrote down what you did on Friday night. It was crazy man. You went for people who don't follow us on social. Pardon? My Take first for The, for a little bit of back behind the scenes context. I texted the group text like congrats memes. And I think he just said stay offline for the next 24 Weeks. Yeah. He warned you. And then he went to do Hank is Bonnie Blue twice.


Bonnie Blue and Lily Phillips. Yeah. And Lily Phillips. They were blind. They were calling him Bgy Blue. Bgy Blue. That's great. He did He he hit, he hit Max with a stray. He had the graphic ready for Cat being in the Eastern Conference for one year and already being in the Eastern Conference finals on his personal account. He had, I dunno if you saw this one, PFT, he had the Tropic Thunder, Ben Stiller holding Hank's Decapitated head Yep. Did you see that one, Hank? I did. I did. That one was good. I did. But then meme. So we, we alluded to this when we were having dinner tonight and we're like, we're gonna have to discuss it. This one is crazy. This is just gruesome. Yeah, it's good. It's good stuff. It's crazy. You just, you have some deep seated shit against Hank.


I mean, You could tell that this was, this was something that memes put a lot of effort into because I don't think, I don't think you did a max Photoshop. No. You didn't put Max's face on anybody. That's a great point. You weren't even He the eye off the prize. Yeah. Memes. If, if the Knicks lose in the Eastern Conference finals, you have to do the Statue of Liberty with Max's face. Oh, Deal. Alright. So, and then I, I want to get to the video, but I have to, I have to question one thing. Memes, yes. Because you were just taking shots, shots, shots. The Banner 19 one made no sense. What do you mean the banner? 19? The Celtics four. Oh, in the regular season versus the Knicks. What Celtics fan ever said?


Like, like was like, Hey, we're four. Oh, against the Knicks, Hank He did. Yeah, it's in the clip, but he raised the banner. 19. There were a lot of, a lot of fans of the Thunder, of the Celtics bringing up regular season records between the, the Knicks. So the plays and the calves too. It was like those three teams beat the shit outta the Knicks in the regular season. Okay. So I I understand that one. That was the only one that I was like, wait, what? But I guess you had context there. 'cause you, you take meticulous notes and you're always ready for this. So do you wanna play the clip that you, you were in your bag. You did a compilation for Hank. Hank, did you watch this? I think I got like 10 seconds through. Oh, okay. So now you're gonna have to watch it like Clockwork Orange.


We, We don't have to watch the whole thing. We gotta watch the whole Let's watch the whole thing. Watch. That was nice to Max. Trying to save Hank. But yeah, today it was reported that Ka is gonna, Okay, On Friday it was reported that Ka is gonna be traded to the Knicks. Hank, how do you feel about this trade? I don't think it affects much. I think New York's going to eat Cat alive to the cat's point. Bong, bing, bang, bing, bang, bing bong, bing bong, bing bong, bing bong. Solid team. Great. And Bead will probably take his knees out as well. And they're, I'm not worried about them in the playoffs. Let's just fast forward to the finals. We all it. It's, it's self thunder. That was satire.


That was PFT. That was, that was PT In person. Not worried about the Knicks? Not about the Knicks. Even if we lose, I'll say it right now. If somehow we lose game one, we could lose two games and I wouldn't be worried. Thank you. If you go down to oh 2, 0 2, not worried. Felt, aren't afraid of anyone pulled, he held these cel speed. Anyone? That still could be true. Oh, you were down three One that could still, you were losing the national media this week. This past week, saying that the Knicks were actually gonna be, you know, a, a good test for the Celtics. They might be coming for the title. They played cel, they played on Sunday and the Celtics waxed them Bing, pong bing, pong bing pong.


Bing, bing pong. Bing pong hanky. You blew it. Bing. What, What do you think about the Knicks? They're, they're not gonna go anywhere. Bing. Bang. I was Wrong. It does feel like they're still away from the Celtics in the calves. B bang bing bang. Right far Away. Yeah. Bing bang. Mm. Is that do anything for you? Yeah. Not clutch at all. What a idiot. Hank, when you say that stop. You have the Knicks. Do you have the Knicks or do the Knicks get you? Because after the game, the Knicks fans, they were outside MSG and you know what they were chanting What We want Boston.


We want Boston. We want Boston. Yeah. They don't have a choice. Yeah, But it's true. So they, they got you. I think we have an amazing perimeter defense. I think we're gonna lock 'em up and make, make other players beat us. And the next don't have those players. Bingbo. Who's got the better? Jalen Celtics? Bing bong bong. Bing bong. I feel good. I'm happy. I said I wouldn't be worried if I went down oh two. They came, they came out, they showed what they needed to do. I feel like that's gonna be, they're gonna win this series in six. Oh, so that's it. That's it for the Knicks. Yeah. On, listen, I didn't think the Knicks were gonna be in the Eastern Conference final, but Hank you never, let's talk about this.


Yeah. From your perspective, you never led this series and you also called this series over twice. I did, I got a little bit ahead of myself when I said that I wouldn't be worried if they were down oh two. I didn't think there was a prayer, like a chance in hell that they would lose one game, let alone two in a row. So that didn't look great. And then, yeah, I mean obviously before the injury I felt, I felt good about our team coming back. Yeah. They probably still would've lost game four even if Tatum was fully healthy. So that was wrong too. I give credit to the Knicks, like they Jalen Brunson that take the most incorrect take in that C clip is me saying not clutch at all. He is unbelievable. He took over multiple games, fun to watch.


Also knows how to dribble his left Hand little bit. Well he is a lefty. Well, But still Jalen Brunon doesn't bit of, you know, gotta work on some flopping. But that's NBA that's an NBA thing across, across the board. Like players flop a little bit too much. But he's, he's a really good player. Mikhale Bridges, again, give him credit. He hit every single mid range shot like he was everywhere. Hit shots when he needed to. And the Nick Beatus, I think the, the, the, the talking heads in the national media saying the Celtics might be better without Jason Tatum clearly, you know, got shown to be complete idiots and fools one-on-one without one-on-one. One. That's a good Point. One and two in the Playoffs. Lost the magic in this series. One In one, but one and two in the Playoffs.


What, what about when we started the playoffs? You said over under two and a half losses before the finals. You said take the under you ended up having, was that in one series or was that the full fails? Five losses. Five. Five losses. So you had, Yeah, well I did say multiple times. You did Fully healthy six and five team and win six And five. I said, I said if the, I said if the sellers are fully healthy, they're not gonna lose championship. That obviously, you know, we lost one of the best players in the league in the world. So it's tough to come back from that. We did our best. We'll always have game five. That was fun. But now the off season's here, it's, it's sad. It's end of an era.


A lot of people being really mean online. I'm not, I don't let that get to me though. I don't, I don't, you know, everyone has to deal with it. But people were nasty memes, especially Jerry O'Connell especially. That's fine. You know, you got, you know, heavy is the head that wears the crown. Yeah. No longer unfortunately. Well, no, You still do. Yeah. There's not a new champion yet. You have the crown. No. Lets talk more about the off Season. The crown is dead like the king is. It's, we're, we're in, what's it conclave. We're in conclave territory. Do you think, can I ask you this question? Yeah. Are the Nicks a better team than the Celtics? The Nicks were the better team than the Celtics. They're, They are a better team than the Celtics. Yeah. I mean you can't, I can't, I'm not gonna argue that right now because I was wrong too.


I thought the Knicks, I did not think the Knicks would be in the Eastern Conference final. They have greatly press, I don't wanna say the S word again 'cause it got taken as an insult. Say it. They're scrappy. Like Yeah. This the Scrappiest team to get to the Eastern Conference final. That was so cute how you guys beat the shit out of this. Yeah, Yeah. Good For you. What happened Friday night? Let's talk Friday night. 'cause we, because it, it, it somehow, this series not having a single show night was crazy. We had Monday, Wednesday, Friday. That was unfortunate. That was really unfortunate. I mean, the game, they just, they they came out so flat, so, so flat. I think there was just a lot of pressure and shots weren't going in.


And then the next just took like, just dominated Second quarter it was over. Like the way they closed the, the first half, they're down 27 and halftime. It was, it was over. It was never even like, I think the first quarter was, was somewhat close. We stayed in it. But after that second quarter run it, it, it never felt like we had a chance of coming back. Yeah. I still bly at them like five times, but, oh Shit. I think that this was great for the Boston New York rivalry, I guess. Yeah. 'cause it's a rivalry now. Yeah. Yeah. The back the nicks have, have, have woken up. Yeah. What do you think about Kat? Kat was wearing a fuck Boston shirt today. He was, I that's, I respect, I respect that. I respect that shirt.


He Was that clip of Kat after too Talking like he was from New York. He, Well, he is from New Jersey. Yeah. But yeah, he, he might've changed his, the tone of his voice changed a little. Yeah. No, it's good for the rivalry. It's good for the rivalry, you know, it, it, it gives the guy some fire in the off season. If the Knicks, you know, going to win the championship, it'll give him even more fire. It's good for the rivalry and, you know, we gotta just get better in the off season and, and try and get back next year. So about that, because I'm, I'm kind of glad in this way that we didn't have a show on game night. Now you've had some time to process it and you've really thought about how bad things could look next year for you personally. So where do you see this team going this off season?


Max just nodded and went like this. Good point, max. Wait, wait, wait. Hang Hank, we'll get to you in a second Max. How good was that point that I just made? Great Point. Just went like this point you, I guess. Yeah. Yeah, because I wa we, it needs To be talked because there's a lot, listen credit to the old owners of the Celtics because they did what I think most of us would've done, which is let's just give out some fucking contracts before we sell the team. We're not gonna have to pay 'em. And then somebody buys a team and now you're talking luxury tax. You're talking all these superstars, all these great players that you, New owner is a Boston guy. So maybe he kind of just does the same thing where he is like, fuck it, let's just do whatever it takes to win. I thankfully, unlike, you know, the Sixers organization being a dysfunctional shit show, the Celtics are a great top down organization.


I do trust Brad Stevens. I do feel like they're gonna go for a route where they, you know, start stockpiling. Mm. Like trading Away. You're in stockpile Assets, trading away players going young. So you're in a rebuild getting picks. I think, I don't know, it's, it's Crazy. Sounds Like a process. Are you ready To announce the rebuild? It's crazy to say on, I'm Not a math guy. Rebuild on, Someone needs to figure out how we can keep Jalen Brown and Jason Tatum and still have good enough players around them to compete. I have, from what I've seen, again, not a math guy, not a luxury tax guy. Not a contracts guy. It's just not a tax guy. It doesn't, not a tax guy at all. It doesn't look, I can't wrap my head around it yet.


If someone can explain to me how we're able to do that and like, not just have all of our money with two players and then kind of get stuck with shit guys around them. I would, you know, be open to that information. Max has a question. He keeps Talking about these two players. Are both of those players playing next year? They're gonna be on the roster. Yeah. That's a good question. Yeah. I don't, that's question. That's, that's d that's too S different Thing's. That's good question. It's also a bad question because they still, they have them on the roster for next year, but Okay, that's fair. Yeah. When, when one's not gonna play 'cause he is hurt, but he's still gonna be getting paid. Right. Yeah. Good. But I'm saying like, You don't know how can't Win when if the player's not playing. What do you think about the allegations that the Sixers are in a worse spot than the Celtics are?


Are you asking me that question? Yeah. Yeah. Well, Hank asked it floor's open. Hank asked it. And so I'm relaying Hank's question to you. Long, long. Hank said they're not the Sixers. Tatum is gonna be out for it. Well it's an Achilles injury, so we have an idea. But They say, you know, he got the surgery really quick. That's a good sign. So what do you think? I Don't know, two Days could be gonna be A huge difference. I'm gonna, because it's, they would make no sense to come back at the end of the season. Correct. I Think Dr. Dr. Bing bong ruled him out for all next year. He also has some thoughts on Christoph's, but it's not for air. A sec. I would love to be a part of one of those inside joke text messages one day. Well, No, I just said it's not for air. He's got swine flu. Yeah.


Got attacked by a bear. We'll see. I trust Brad Stevens with my life, but I'm leaning towards Rebuild ish. Wow. That's crazy. You just hit the rebuild button Ish. Probably Memes make a graphic. You hit the rebuild button. Memes. How happy are you right now? How awesome was Friday for you? Friday was one of the greatest sports moments I've had in a while. Well, met slash year and then this. Yeah. And you just were locked in. I was dialed. Yeah. I, I said to our production group chat, I was just like, there's a 10% chance I get fired for Me memes.


How long did it take for you? Like when did you start compiling the list of shit that you're gonna put out? The instant that the Celtics lose? It was after the Knicks went up. Three one. Okay. I texted Pug and Jack. I said go back to October 2nd and get The cat take And then start compiling. That's pretty reasonable. And to be fair to Hank, There's a good clip to Take. Good work to take Hank Hank's side just a little bit. When Hank said that he would not be worried if they went down oh two, he never actually thought that there would be down O2. Yeah, no. So it was really easy for him to say that in the moment. As Someone who's been on the other side of one of those memes, joints, they hurt. But it's also like a hat tip. Like you did your job, Man.


I also respect like, as, as much as I want to chirp and I, I do still wanna chirp. I respect the fact that like memes, does it best work Strictly fueled by hate? Oh yeah. Yeah. Like that's not like, if it wasn't the Knicks or it wasn't me, no one's doing that much work to go back and make that class. No, No, no, no. If the Knicks beat the Pacers to go to the NBA finals, it's not gonna be, it's gonna be like, yay. Nicks in Graphic. The finals, It's gonna be graphic. The two Bonnie Blues was a bit much. Yeah. The, the first Bonnie, the first Bonnie blew, I gasped a little. And then when I saw the second blue Second and the, what's the other Lily? Lily close where I saw the second Bonnie Blue hit the tower. I was like, oh my God. It didn't even make sense. I think we could've used all of the Bonnie Blue.


Do you have a Bonnie Blue that you, you kept in the chamber? No, it was just, it was just the two Bonnie Blues. What's, is there anything you kept in the chamber that you would like to release right now? Because then people can see it and then hear this point in the podcast? No, no. The the two Bonnie Blues I felt was The line. Yeah, but you don't have anything saved? No. Anything that you were like thinking about because you didn't even put this one on the main, the Ben Stiller. Hank decapitated head. Yeah. I felt that that was too graphic for the, For the name Body Blues. Hank you look hot as potty blue. I think it looks hot as Lily Phillips. Hank. Alright. Spin zone time summer's kind of opened up.


Doesn't matter. But Summer's kind of opened up. You don't have to go Games Were At night. Don't have to do the duck boats. Don't have to make any trips to the wood. Keep your hair extra golf. No, I was looking forward to the skull. I've been, I've been planning out the skull with my barber. Let give it to us anyway. I might because, 'cause that's maybe a little bit too cocky. But we've been, I've, you know, for the last three months I'm like, let's keep the back long. I gotta get a skull. Give it to us. Doesn't matter. You know, A little bit of, you know, you got less travel, more golf. Did you play a sad round of golf on Saturday? I played. No. No I did not. Never Really affected That. What'd you do Saturday? I just went out, my cousin was in town. Nice.


At the bars. What did you do on Friday? Friday I golfed. But Friday night, Friday night I just sat on my couch. Sad. Staring at tv. I at tv, all of the losses. I've just been on that couch. It's been a sad, sad couple weeks with my couch. Yeah. Do you regret not going to the New York office and streaming there? No, I would've if, if that's what I was asked to do. But you know, I knew Clemmer had that. Yeah, Tim, Tim was on the wood. So Yeah. Also Meets Clemmer. Meeks maybe. Maybe biggest piece of shit move memes did was Dave, like I said, Dave threw me under the bus saying that the child may being like, this guy called you performative. And I said in real time. I'm like, I don't think I said that. I don't remember saying that. Then I texted the group talk. I was like, memes, I say this and he just responded.


Yes. So I said that. I was like, yeah, my bad. I did say that. I don't remember it. I said it on the show. I don't remember saying that. And then after I was like, can I see that clip by the way? 'cause I really don't remember it. He is like, oh no, you didn't say it. That was fucked up. So Shala ma the Shala ma rivalry, he just dominated you. Yeah. Yep. It's over guy's got it all. He's got it all. I'll give a hand up. Shall may be. He got me this time. I bet you, I bet you he doesn't have a, a sad couch. No, no. He's probably not an awesome, his couch. Yeah, his couch is probably fucking awesome. Yeah. Yeah. So at least you got that over. Yeah, no, it went from, you know, me and Dave to Bad Bunny and like the best night ever in New York. Like, the clip of him in the limo is awesome.


Yeah. He's The man. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I love that he actually cares about his teams. Yeah. Like real. You can tell that he really does. Yeah. Brought up Chris Han. That's what I knew. He's the man. Yeah. There's the old picture of him rushing to Grand Central to get free pictures or, or free tickets from who is that Ma Meyer? No, it's like La is it Landry Field? Landry Fields, yeah. It's great. So, alright. Reset button. Rebuild button. That's it. Yeah. Just hopefully our, our new owners like Daddy Warbuck, like part two. Is it Billy Strings? Do you regret calling the series over twice that you were never leading?


Yeah. Yeah. I do. Two, one was probably, I got a little ahead of myself. Yeah. And then I was, I I will say like I was fully, you know, I was in full denial and just really just trying to, to procrastinate things after the, the, the wood game, game five, that was, I was probably over overextending myself. You didn't want game six to happen. You didn't want to get to game six. I Was, yeah. I was just so happy with, with how things went. Yeah. In game five. And I wanted to just bottle up that feeling forever. Yeah. What would you do this off season, Hank? If you owned the team golf? If I owned the team, I would just golf Spend a lot of money.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. A Lot of golf. I'd blow it all. A lot of Golf. A lot of golf. That's the thing. Like so there's a no salters, I'm playing a lot of Golf. Yeah, no, I know. But, but That like, it's all like all the Celtic series season's over. But now I can play more golf. Like There was going to Be, I'm gonna play the same amount of golf. No. Maybe just not go to the games. Right. You were gonna have to, you were gonna have to go sit courtside at an NBA playoff game. Which would've been brutal. Yeah. You were gonna have to go on the duck boat and get drunk with Joe Missoula. You were gonna have to do a lot of stuff. Now. You don't have to do it. Have You looked up golf courses in Indiana? Because you're like, have you playing the Pacers? Let's see if there's something close by. No, no, I did not do that. He could have gone to games there. Yeah. That would've been cool.


Oh man. Would've Been cool. I'm excited for Pacers Mix. I'm excited for how much golf Hank's gonna get to play. Yeah. Max, how are you? You're Max is mad. Max was mad that it was a Friday night game. Yeah. No, it's bullshit. I've, this isn't the same reaction that we would've gotten on Friday night. Nope. Friday Night. No shit, dude. We would've got tears. It would've been so embarrassing. You would've been so upset. It's bullshit. You had two days to like not even think about it. That sucks. But I am happy that you're fucked and the Celtics are fucked going forward. And, but we're, That's the thing. We're gonna be back sooner than the Sixers. Oh, Let's start another clip. Start the clip. Yeah. Start start A new clip. Start Clip. 'cause everything that you say is wrong going through The booth has the booth.


They have your number right now. I fucking need the, this is the boots revenge. Yeah. This sucks. You like, you keep calling me a loser. Sucks. I literally just won a Super Bowl. Oh's got there Too. Dude. It's been a while since Hank's been right about anything. Oh Man, this is brutal. The boot. Hank has never been in this position where the booth has owned his ass. No. Yeah, it sucks. It it, it, it fucking sucks. They're laughing. They're having the time of their life. This is why you lift all those weights, boys. This is why you stay up till four or five in the morning. Editing the podcast for this moment. This is, That's probably the last time. Like Boston was like, good. Actually that's not true. So just won. We'll cut that. We'll Cut that. Alright. Max went too long. I have one last question, just a thought starter question.


Then we'll do who's back the week? We'll get to our interviews. So the Knicks fans going crazy was awesome on Friday night. I think the Knicks might be the number one city to proverbially burn down in a championship. And I was thinking about this. So obviously you could throw in the Browns or the lions or the bills, but those teams play winter sports. It's definitely different if you win a Super Bowl like it just is versus winning an NBA or a a Stanley Cup. And it's nice out and everyone just takes the streets. The only other one I could think of is the Toronto maple leaf. That was gonna be my, yeah, Maybe I, I would put, I would definitely put the Browns on there.


Even though it's the wintertime, the river catches on fire. Yes, for sure. That city, city is very flammable. I would also say Montreal. Montreal. Montreal. Yeah. 'cause Montreal has a culture where it's like you riot after good things happen to you. Yeah. Like in Europe. But the Knicks might be number one right now of city to burn to proverb, but not actually burn down. But like just the most chaotic scenes possible after a championship. What would be great about New York is that you get, you get snippets from like seven different neighborhoods. Yeah. All celebrating in their own crazy ways. Yeah. I will say that I, I've given some thought about the rest of the Playoffs. Yes. Oh, this is good. This is a big announcement. Well, you Said that you weren't gonna watch the rest of the Playoffs. I will. No, I I I will even, I'll say, I will say after, well I hope so.


We we have A sports podcast. Yeah, no, I know. And after, after Tatum's injury, like I, you know, watching the games, I was just kind of like, damn this, I am just watching this as a neutral fan. I don't think we're gonna play The Thunder or, you know, the Nuggets or the Timberwolves. Like, I'll be rooting for the Knicks to win the Eastern Conference. Ooh, that's huge. And I'll be rooting for the Thunder. Alex Caruso really the only connection, you know, within the world is the Thunder. He's super fun to watch, play Great recurring guest friend of the program loves golf. I'm, I'm pulling for him. I Literally texted Caruso after game seven. I was like, dude, you're, you're my playoff team. Yeah. You personally are my playoff team. That's, yeah. As I was watching it, I was like, yeah, fuck yeah. Caruso like guys man, I hope he wins. Yeah.


Yeah. So Yeah. It's under over Knicks. Yeah. 'cause I, I want, I want the Knicks to get their Heart broken. Oh, That's very Mean. I think Knicks, I, I now am, I'm not Betting I'll, I'll be betting on the Knicks. Definitely game one. I think I'll go game by game after that. But it would be cra like, you can't, how I, how can you bet against this team? I'm now in the, in the like mindset of any of these four teams. I really do. I could see any of these four teams. I think the Thunder are probably the best team still standing. But if you flash forward and you tell me the Pacers, the Knicks, the, the wolves, the thunder all win the championship, I'm like, yeah, they're really fucking good. I Think it's a good place to be. It's, it's a fun final four that it, that it really feels chaotic and awesome.


And someone's gonna have a championship for either the first time ever or the knick first time in 52 years. Yeah. Nicks could absolutely win the title now. Yeah. It's crazy though. The Cavs and the Celtics. You should have, you should have put that in the Injuries man. PFT Laid the death kn when he was like, can we just fast forward the Eastern Conference to the Cavs and the Celtics? Yeah. Yeah. I said all these other teams get the fuck outta here, get outta the Celtics. It, I was also egging Hank on a little bit with that, but the, the ESPN analyst, this is now the three and oh for 'em. Yeah. So they all picked against the wolves, against the Lakers. They all picked against the Pacers against the Cavs and they all picked against the Nicks against the Celtics.


Yeah. So if you get that graphic going Yep. You know they're about to be wrong. Yeah. Memes And I both said Nicks and six before the series started. There you go. Only two and only two Medium members. That counts. That counts. The booth is up. The booth is up. Huge.


Alright, let's do who's back and then we'll get to our interviews. We've got two great interviews. Smylie Kaufman Talking more golf, and then an awesome interview with Kyle Stowers and Tyler Phillips and the Miami Marlins in studio. So it was great hanging with those guys who's back the week is brought to you by our friends. At truly we love truly unruly Lemonade. It combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take Lemonade. Let loose 8% A BVA hundred percent delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors bump and blue RAs OG Original Lemonade punched up pineapple, wild pink level up Your lemonade would truly unruly find truly unruly lemonade at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com. We love it. It is summer. It's gonna be golf season. It is golf season. Truly unruly. Let's get unruly this summer with our lemonade. Like I said, the bump and blue RAs OG original Lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink. I love the wild pink. So go get it now. Visit truly hard seltzer.com. Find truly unruly at a store near you.


Okay. Hank, who's back the week? My who's back? I got, I I emptied the clip. Yeah. To the filibuster. I'll go because I'm looking at it on the screen right now. The librarians, the next chapter. They're showing these commercials in all these games. It like it. I can't believe it's a real show that is being made. It looks like this is the best whose guy ever dumb this fucking show of all time. Is this one where Nicole Kidman's like a shirt? No, No. This is a movie. This is no. Have you seen the commercials though? It's like, looks like, I don't think it is Lynn Manuel Miranda, but it looks like him. Yeah. And it's like a bunch of action hero superhero librarians. A guy That looks like Linman. Look, look it up. Look it up. I I I can't tell if it's him. I literally think, I'm guessing that he wrote the show or something and was like, let's get a action double of myself.


But the commercials, every time I see him, I think it's like a spoof commercial for like a different product. And then at the end it's like librarians. Wait, hold on a second. Rebecca Roman is in it. Yeah, she's A star. She's a star. No She's not. Yeah, she not, She's first listened. Damn. Hey. No she's not. How Could you No, No, She, wait this is the librarian's 2014 TV season. Yeah. Would've been Crazy. That was Season one. That would've been crazy. Wait, But is she in season two? I Don't know. I hope not. Oh my God. The next chapter Season. Oh yeah. Okay. So there's four Seasons. I think she's in em Is she in the ne new one? I've got it pull up right now. Let's see.


Starring, I don't see her name in this. Okay. I also don't see Lin Manuel Miranda's name. I think Hank just look at the Guy. Okay. Oh yeah, yeah. I see. No, no, he is, that is him. Is that him? No, That does. Look, I don't think it is. Look at him Though. FP That's Callum McGowan. That Does look like him. I'm looking at it. Yeah. Yeah. Like he had to have written this show. Why? 'cause the guy looks Like, is that also, is that Olivia Mu? Yep. Nope, It's fake. Olivia Mon Olivia Morris, isn't it? So it's Olivia a fake Olivia man and a fake Lin Manuel Miranda. Well Olivia Isn't the one that looks like Olivia, Jessica Green. Looks like Olivia Got it. Yeah. I guess he is not, I don't see him on the executive producers or anything. I just, when I see the commercial, I'm like, is that Lin Manuel Miranda? I'm like, no. And I'm like, he must've been like, let pass.


All right, good. Who's Back in action? Version of myself. But yeah, I'm gonna have to watch this at least an episode. 'cause again, I just can't believe it's a real show. Is the, is the Rebecca Romaine at, is that the same as this show? I think it might Be. I think that was the previous chapter. Got it. The next chapter. This is the next one is next Chapter. Yeah. Got it. It's about crime fighting librarians. Great. No, Great. Who's back? Hank? Thank You. It's on the TV right now. You just looking around the room. Okay. Well I did give like eight before. Yeah. I mean, to be fair, Hank did take like everything. Yeah. Before who's back came up. So my, who's back of the week is Vanny Woodhead. Oh. How's Vanny Woodhead looking for you? Oh, Good question. Van Woodhead Good. I just, we we sent an invoice for some parts.


It's getting fixed up. Okay, because when was the due date on Vanny Woodhead again? It Was, it was, remember it was spring. Spring summer-ish. So it would be right now. I Just hadn't heard anything about 'em, so I figured we might check in. Yep. See how he's doing. Yeah, we're about To hit Summer Memorial Day is the start of summer. Yeah. So we're, we're, we're like seven days away. Are We on track? No. Oh, okay. 'cause that was your thing. I I'm working on it. I'm still working on it. It could, it could happen still, but I don't want to, you know, there's been some delays and possibly me just forgetting to send an invoice. Well, the Celtics. Yeah, because like if we went through the list like memes, your thing was to meme Hank to death. Check Max. Your thing Max Baseball Pitching against a baseball team.


Max. Your thing is to freak out and make good content about getting tricked in April. I went to Bachelor party. Bachelor party. Check Hank Vanny Woodhead On it. How far loading, how far would you say we're behind? I don't know. I'm not, I I am not, my hands aren't dirty. Wait, what does that mean? Like, I don't Know what exactly, you know, what, what needs to get fixed and how long it's gonna take. If, you know, if you were on a flight, it would be a, a delay where you're not like upset about it. You're not gonna change any planes. You're just like, all right. Little minor delay. Okay. So like someone, they're just fixing like a, a light in the bathroom or Something. So we, we shouldn't be looking for alternative route. No. So it's no longer spring-ish Summer.


It's Still, It could be solidly summer. Never say never when? Because summer doesn't start till like July. Right? June 21st. Yeah. So never say never June 21st. Are you taking the over or the under over. Okay. Yeah. But you know, it's, it's, you would've taken the Celtics going into this series. Like anything can happen in this game. Yeah. I would've taken it. So you're saying we get an upset and You Ready? You probably get some good value on, on, on the under. Okay. Alright. My, I have two who's back? The first is Giannis because he did a q and a while. Everyone's wondering where he's going. And it was very funny because he was answering I think Giannis, like they were, people were asking him very loaded questions. He was answering them honestly.


Like someone asked, out of all the cities you've ever been to, which city made you the happiest? The happiest to be there. Not counting your hometown. He said Florida cities. He said, he said, what's your favorite city to play in on the road? He said New York. He said there was something else about, I think there was something with Texas or something, but he's basically just throwing red meat at, at the internet being like, here you go. And I think he's actually being genuine. Like I don't know if he's doing this on purpose. Florida cities. Yeah. Florida cities. All Florida cities. All Florida cities in Orlando. All Orlando would be a good fit. It would Paolo, It'd be great. My other, who's back is peds? 'cause did you guys see Brittany Mahomes?


No, I did not. I did. Yeah. There's been some upgrades. Let me look at this. Respectfully all due respect. Developing, Developing respect. All due respect, I thought, I think she's always been a lovely person. She's Always been a lovely person. I'm just saying there has been some alterations. Good For her. Yeah. All due respect. Cannons Mahomes always been a big TD guy. Yeah. Yeah. Lot of the, the overused joke of the weekend online was Mo look at, look at the weapons.


Mahomes got to play with this Year. I like that. That's Good. Yeah, it's a pretty good one. Very nice lady. Yeah. Looks respect, looks great. Always has. Also the real peds is Jose Alvarado. Philly's closer got busted for peds. No Big time bust. 80 games. Yeah. 80 games Ineligible for the postseason Fall. Not good. Not good. That sucks. Max Not great. Not great. Especially 'cause the bullpen's already very bad. Ah. But we also just brought up, you know, a prospect. He threw six scoreless nine ks. Today we have like eight starters and like two relievers. Okay. So what happened with Jose Alvarado?


You know, he was a little bit overweight and I think he, He's he's, he's the fat boy. It it Was, it was, it was a fat, it was a fat loss drug. Okay. That shouldn't, you can't get Fat Loss drugs. It was a fat pill. You can, it probably has like meth in it. Yeah. You take fat. But it was, listen, sometimes you feel like a fat boy and you wanna be less of a fat boy and he has a clip about calling himself a fat boy. It is very funny. Yeah. Play it. And this is what did him in Set the key for any pitcher though though, Jose is make sure your, your legs are strong. You know, I, I am the grizzly bear. Yeah. You're, I am the grizzly bear I got sometime I call like to my people in the clue how, bro, I feel like a fat boy.


You laughed. Yeah. They shouldn't have busted this guy. Yeah, no, we laughed over. But he is like, yeah, fat boy, boy I'm fucking Fat, fat boy. I'm looking up what he got busted for. It looks like he got busted for some taking supplemental testosterone. So I don't know if that's necessarily a fat boy move. I don't think the way you made it seem was that he Got busted. No, there, there was rumors that like it was a fat, it was a fat loss drug that had testosterone in it. Ah, Okay. Got it. But I actually believe him that he was not trying to do it in a steroids way. He was just trying to get lose weight. Well so is exogenous testosterone, which is not one of the fat boy drugs.


This is what, I don't know this guy. He's got, you know, 15,000 followers. Okay. Jose Alvarado accepted, accepted this, the suspension. Dave Dombrowski said it was a weight loss drug that caused him to fail. Phillies will treat it like losing someone an injury. I Think that's why the MLB came out and said what it actually was. Yeah. Is because they said That's bad Max. That's bad. Yeah. I mean deadline pick up guys. We got eight starters and you're buyers. Two relievers. You're Buyers now. Okay. Alright, let's get to our interviews. We've got two great interviews. We've got Smiley Kaufman And we have Kyle Stowers and Tyler Phelps from the Miami Marlins.


We're brought to you by our friends. Ed Stella Blue. The weather's heating up. So stay cool with Stella Blue Cold Brew. Whether you love a bold dark roast in indulgent flavors or our newest variety, Ms. Peaches a hundred percent Colombian. We've got a cold brew for everyone. Better fresher cold brew at home in just three easy steps. Steep refrigerate, enjoy. And the best part, every purchase helps homeless pets find their forever homes. Grab Ms. Peaches or any of our cold brew varieties now at Amazon or stelle blue coffee.com where you can use promo code PMT for 20% off orders of $25 or more. Sip with purpose all summer long. We help dogs. We love dogs. It's Stelle Blue Pause Chicago. We give money back to try to help homeless pets adopt. Don't shop and buy some delicious coffee and get the cold brew because it is so good. And I just, I put it in the fridge. I, every Sunday night I get home, put it in my pitch three in the, in the pitcher water fridge. Got it. For the whole week. It's awesome. Great way to start your day. And the Ms. Peaches blend is awesome. We have it in a bunch of different blends. So go right now. Stelle blue coffee.com or find it on Amazon.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Gametime. Football is back the 2025 NFL schedule is out in. The only place you should be getting your tickets is Gametime the official ticketing partner. Barstool Sports. We're planning our fall schedule circling games we want to go to with killer last minute deals. All in prices. Views from your our seat, your seat and their lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets. Gametime makes scoring NFL tickets faster and easier. They have exclusive discounts. You can find seats for as low as a hundred dollars. The Gametime guarantee means you can trust, you'll get a hundred percent authentic NFL tickets on time and for the best price plus fees are always included. So what you see is what you'll pay. We're looking at tickets. Hank, can you pull up a ticket for opening night? NFL Cowboys Eagles. Pull that up. Take the guesswork outta buying NFL tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime Hank Banner night. $472. Okay. Four $72. Wow. But it's better at Gametime. $20 off and you can get your best. You know you're getting the best deal with Gametime. Go right now. Use code PMT with Gametime for $20 off.


Okay, here he is. Smiley Kaufman. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest, recurring guest. It is Smiley Kaufman. You can see him on NBC sports. You can see him coming up with the US Open and the open championship. You also can listen to him. The smiley show. He just did a live stream after, after the PGA championship. So, and he was there in Charlotte all week. Smiley, I, I don't really know where to start other than Scotty. Scheffler is just the best golfer in the world and it feels like, maybe you can explain it to me. It feels like the gap is larger than we led on because obviously Rory and, you know, Xander won two last year.


But it does feel like when Scotty plays his best, there is no one close to him. Is that a fair assessment? I think we're back to regular scheduled programming and, and great to be back on with you boys and always enjoy coming on. Yeah, I mean guys, Scotty Scheffler, it's, it's absurd what he can do with the golf ball. And I think maybe most of us and maybe members of the media we're blinded a little bit by the Grand Slam with Rory McElroy at, at the Masters in Augusta National and just how important that was not only for Rory's legacy for the game of golf, but even after that I'm thinking, oh gosh, Rory could potentially win the next six majors in my head. And, and I'm just somehow forgetting about how good Scotty Sheffer was over the past couple years.


And then Scotty Sheffer goes to the Byron Nelson wins by, what was it? Eight shots at the Byron Nelson then shows up this week and gets the job done. It, it, it didn't ever feel like it was gonna be a five shot win in the end, but there was a lot of drama that happened over the last couple hours that made it kind of a boring ending but a very exciting hour or two in there just not knowing what exactly was gonna happen. Yeah. Did we see a little bit of that emotion from Scotty as he won? Like, you guys forgot about me. Is this bad boy Scotty, that we got to see drop the gloves because I mean you made that putt on 18 spikes. The hat that's an outburst, the likes of which we've never even imagined from Scotty to, to throw his hat on the ground and everybody was like, oh my God, I can't believe this guy showed emotion.


How rude was that? Right. I mean it is, we're trying to play golf out here. It's a gentleman's game and he's out here throwing his hat around in celebration. But to me, dude, PFT this guy's a competitive psycho. It's unbelievable how this wired. But he's got this soft side of him too. This like emotional dad side that any, any dad can relate to just at any moment he could cry and you just don't know when it's going to happen. But then when he's, you know, when he is playing and before he gets to that moment where he gets emotional, he is legitimately just a competitive freak. He never gets out of the zone. Oftentimes when I'm out watching him out on the golf course and walking the grounds with him, I know when to stay away and when he's not gonna talk or when he is not gonna joke around.


And he, he was in the zone today and it was fighting it on that front nine guys. He, he would have these, all these left misses going and you're thinking to yourself, is is Scotty gonna blow this today? Yeah, Yeah. There was that, there was that moment where John Rom tied him and it was like, oh man, is this really gonna happen? And then John Rom completely like, melted down and Scotty just kind of stayed steady throughout it. I wanna go back though, the start of the tournament and obviously, you know, the odds don't tell everything, but I thought it was crazy because on Friday I believe it was, I was looking at the odds, Scotty's in like fifth or sixth and he's probably four strokes back and he's by far the favorite to win the tournament if you're one of, and and in the, in the argument in the beginning of the, the tournament was like, look at these guys.


They're not like the known, they're not the known guys at the top of leaderboard. If you're one of those guys who came out and shot a 64 or 65 on Thursday and you're in the lead, are you the whole time thinking like, well Scotty is four strokes behind and I'm fucked. Hopefully those guys aren't going to look at the odds boards after they're 65 on a Thursday. But dude, I mean Scotty was plus four 50 I think coming into the week. I believe he still had the, the shortest odds. And then after his two under round on Thursday he moved up and like you said, he was still four strokes back in the lead actually no five strokes back in the league. Yeah. 'cause 'cause 'cause Vegas shot seven under and he moved up to plus three 50.


Yeah. And that's, and that's, that's crazy. And that's when you're thinking to yourself, okay, the, so the lead is actually 200, it's not seven under the scoreboard is wrong. Everything that you're seeing it, it says what the lead is. Oh no, it's actually Scotty down here, five strokes behind. And you know what's even crazier guys, is that I just looked at what the odds are next week at the Colonial Scotty Sch playing next week. He's plus two 50 to win next week at the Colonial. It's, which is the most absurd number? Like, that's Tiger like Yeah, I think Tiger, tiger got like maybe into like, he never got to where he was like minus on a week to where that you were weighing money down on, on a loss.


But I it's we're entering a territory that's crazy. And Jordan speed, I think he's, he's the next best odds next week at the Colonial at I think 22 to one. Yeah. So we're talking just the biggest gap. That's Crazy. It it is nuts and it is Tiger like, because Tiger, I I remember like there was a year where Tiger like to win the masters was like plus one 50 or something. It's like, this is ridiculous. So I, I know this is a lame thing to do, but I do love to talk about it. Is Scotty officially on Tiger Watch? I know he is got a lot of things to do, but I saw Stat 22 major starts. I think Tiger had three wins in his first 22 Scotty, or sorry, tiger had five in his first 22.


Scotty has three. Scotty had more top 20 fives, more top tens and the same amount of top fives. Like I know, I I never thought when Tiger happened, you're like, it's never gonna happen again. But it does feel like Scotty is, and maybe the competition is just harder because you, like, you see the guys that week in and week out are so good. But yeah, like if you had to put a number on Scotty, if everything stays like, you know, if he stays healthy and plays for 15 more years, like it does feel like he will be in that double digit majors territory. You're right. And and health is gonna be, you know, a big key to that. If he's, if he remains healthy and, and continues the form that he's on, the strokes gained, that's something that we, we can kind of compare generations a bit when we can go back and look at how well did Tiger Woods strike the golf ball and then compare it to how well Scotty Scheffler has done it and it's comparable data.


So when you look at that, you're, you say, okay, he's as good as controlling his golf ball as Tiger Woods. And then you look at, all right, how has he done since 2021? You look at all the top events that he's played in and he constantly put hi, puts himself in contention week in and week out, especially for the majors. So when you look at that and, and you think about just what he's accomplished through this point and how crucial it was for him to win this week. 'cause if he would not have gotten the job done this week, all of a sudden you're thinking to yourself, okay, he's only got two majors, he's only won the masters. And we think about what he's gonna be measured against over the course of his career as far as how many majors can he win and can he pass Tiger?


Can he cash pass Jack Nicholas? Well he definitely needed to get it done today. And he did. And and all of a sudden you start to think, okay, is is he gonna be the next player to complete the, the Grand Slam? And actually somebody tweeted this out, I can't remember who it was, but they, they actually said it would be considered the Golden Slam because he is won a gold medal. Now, if he was able to win, if he's able to win the US Open in the open championship, he would be the first to complete the Golden Slam. I wish I could give credit to whoever came up with that, but that, That was no take credit as first reported by Smiley Coffman. Yeah, like the Golden Slam. But you put on Pardon My Take mark. Yes. So I was looking at a bunch of the stats that, that you were kind of alluding to and he's on all these lists with Tiger and Jack Nicklaus, as you mentioned, the only golfers to win two Masters and a PGA before their 30th birthday.


Like you can look at the stats and I'm a little bit upset at Scotty because it was gonna be fun to say that he's just a master's merchant, that he's like Raffing the doll and he can only, That's of a narrative. He Can only win at Augusta and, and nobody, he doesn't even bother like competing in the other majors. So we can't talk about that anymore. But when we're talking about strokes gained and all this data that you brought up, where did he, where did, where can you see that? Where can an average casual golf fan watch him play? Like, was it Saturday this year where it's like he's dealing with the same conditions as everybody else, but he's just hitting the ball that much better? Oh gosh, man, he, I think he gained like eight strokes down the stretch over the last five holes in the round yesterday. And this is, it's, it's not an anomaly.


This is what he does. He finds a way in the most challenging conditions when we talk about the firm Greens, when we talk about holding 15 mile an hour crosswinds and shots that extend past wedges. We're talking like seven, six irons where really proximity gets shrunk to an average shot would be, you know, 30 or so feet. And he finds a way to, to break the mold down the stretch and hit shots inside of 15 feet having the best shots of the day and later the day where typically it's firmer faster and it's more challenging. He put the term to rest, we thought last night until all of a sudden he is tied with John Rom with rom with seven to play and with him with nine holes to play.


But yeah, I, I'm very, I was very excited to see Scotty get the job done. 'cause you want to see, you know, a, a player of his caliber be able to, to reach the heights that we think he can in the game. So for him to get the this win What a, what a start to the major season, Roy Macro winning the Grand Slam. And now Scotty winning the PGA just gets you excited about the next one where it, you know, the last six majors have gone to to, to Scotty Sheffer twice, Sandra Schley, twice Bryson de Shambo and then Roy McElroy. And I don't know who's gonna win a major outside of a group of about eight guys. These guys are that good right now. Yeah, it is pretty crazy.


I, so Bryson, you mentioned, I wanted to ask a question about that Bryson, like he just, he, he gained so much from his drives and he's, he's bombing it so much farther than everywhere, everyone else. But then it feels like his iron play was just all over the place and his putting wasn't there. What, is there a fix for him or is it like, no, dude, he's, he's like in the last, you know, six majors, he's been in the contention and pretty much all of them. It will happen again for him. I think I talked to you guys after the US Open last year when he changed to the bulge faced irons, which is just, yeah, it's, it's so awkward to say as a technology in the game of golf, but there's so many weird sayings in the game of golf that bulge faced technology just kind of fits right in.


And with Breon, apparently he was talking about this after the round, that it's adding extra curvature to shots for him. And he really only plays a draw and he hits it so high up in the air where the difference between, I think him and Scotty Sheffer when it comes to Iron Game is that Scotty Sheffer has the ability to always make his golf ball fly straight. And they both hit it just as high they hit it. You know, if you're, if you're looking at them both hit an eight iron, they're both of the same apex. But Scotty Scheffler with with crosswinds can hold a right to left win to make the golf ball fly straight. Or Bryson de Shambo for the most part, just plays a little push draw shot. So right to left shots are gonna get over-emphasized to where they go too much to the left, where Scotty's ball is always landing softer on the greens because when you're fighting up against a breeze, it's adding spin to the golf ball and it's gonna make the ball land softer where Bryson doesn't hit many shots where he controls the trajectory and brings it down.


So it's, it's something that he 1000% needs to improve on. But he hits it so good off the tee and his short game around the greens is putting, is chipping, is bunkering is all at such an elite level that at major championships he's always gonna be in contention. Right? Yeah. Right. I saw, this was from John Sherman. He was watching the Round today and he said that Scotty came out with his club face two closed, but as the round went on, he found a way to manage it and that he'll go down as an all time great. Because of his face control. Mm. So I think a lot of Hank has terrible Face control, bad face control, horse face Control. Yeah. Both golf and real life Resting bitch face is what he's got. So Scotty had resting bitch face today, but he learned how to smile through it somehow.


Yes. Was he, is that something that, that you can like see on a broadcast? Like can you tell like he's figuring this out as a round goes on? Or is this like something that you say when you're watching it to try to sound smart? Yeah, I think Randy Smith, Scotty Scheffer's coach after Friday went on the range with him and they were like, Randy was basically holding his hips and, and and working on getting his hips to start correctly. Yeah. Yeah. So part of that helps with sequence and just knowing how to clear out at the right time. And, and I would say earlier this year, Scotty's biggest issue was a left miss and it came out lot, a lot of times in pressure, pressure moments, what you've been dealing with will come out.


And that's kind of what Scotty dealt with on the front nine. And you're right, PFT is face control is absurd. And maybe it, we can ask Scotty to, to ask Big Cat how to exactly set up to the golf ball because Big Cat of course maybe has one of the best setups in the game of golf. That's facts. And, and and you I would say probably struggle to clear your hips through the golf shots as well. And I would say that maybe Scotty had maybe watched you play too much golf recently heading into Sunday. Locked the knees. Yeah. Because the knees were locked, the hips weren't clearing at the right time and maybe just watching too much golf podcast or YouTube content. Yeah. Hey, does I never clear my hip? No. And Hank does have an issue with not being able to close his face ever.


Yeah, the big time. Alright, so, so I wanna talk about the course real quick. Well, actually no, what's, what's up? Explain to me the driver saga that happened this weekend. They, they test 50 people's, randomly their driver. And apparently Scotty uses backup driver still dominated. Rory uses backup driver was a baby and didn't talk to media. It, it, the only reason it's a story is that, is that Rory didn't talk to the media the entire week. So I think people were upset that Rory wasn't just making himself available, especially coming off of a grand slam and typically is one who always is one to talk to the media. The only time really that that comes to mind was of course after the US Open last year where you can't blame the guy for not wanting to talk to the media.


Oh, we could. We did. We did. Oh, you did? Okay. He, he like pulled, he peeled out. It was, he almost Hits someone, you know, almost ran over like six kids in the parking lot. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I just feel vindicated that he didn't talk to the media 'cause we rooted against him at the Masters. I feel a little vindicated, but what's, what's up with the, the testing of the drivers? Yeah. So it, it's, it's kind of interesting because there isn't exactly a, a protocol that that tests the entire field. Which you would think if, if you're just like a, a casual fan, you would think that they would test every single player's equipment so that it's not just random, you just want everybody to be playing under the same conditions. And so that was the conversation where was people asking the question of, well, was Rory's driver was it conforming the week of the masters?


And so I think that's why the narrative of, of Rory not doing media kind of got overblown because his driver wasn't conforming for the week. It, it to me was a big nothing burger. But I think people just wanted just to hear Rory's thoughts on it. 'cause typically he gives so many thoughts on, on a lot of things in the game of golf. So What, what does that mean though? My what does Conforming mean? My my understanding was that the drivers, as you use them more, as you hit more shots with them, the face gets thinner. That's and that's right. So then as like through natural wear and tear, as the face gets thinner it becomes almost a springboard. Yes. Because the phase has a little bit of give to it. So it could be something where it's not like it's a driver that he got from a store. Like he didn't see an infomercial for like get 20 extra yards as you drive.


I did that, yeah. With this, with this fake driver. But it, it was like just through overuse. And the same thing happened to, was it schley a couple years ago at the open? Yeah. No, it happens all the time. And you explained it perfectly. You know, when guy's face gets thinner, typically that's when you start to hit it the furthest and you'll start to notice maybe a little bit difference in a ball flight at times. And all of a sudden you'll look down at your face and then it's cracked. So that's a lot of times what players are, are looking for is if their, if their driver face cracks, especially if they start hitting shots offline. But the protocol, there's, there's, there's a certain way they measure it and apparently it doesn't take very long for the fact that they could measure the entire fields clubs week in and week out.


But for whatever reason it's randomized. It just seems like a situation just hire more people. Just so where you just know everybody's playing under the same conditions every week. Yeah. Yeah. That Should test every driver. Should that be on the players? Like do the players monitor how No. How their driver looks at all? 'cause I wouldn't think like, unless there's a crack on your driver and there's something screwed up about the ball flight, I wouldn't think that most players are like self-reporting. Hey, no. Can you check this? I think might be thin. You know, when I was playing on tour from, this was probably 15 to 2019. I can think of maybe one time that I remember my clubs got checked, maybe my caddy was asked to get 'em checked and took 'em over. But me personally, I don't remember it happening. But when I was talking to some journalists in the media center this week, they said that from 2019 up until now, that they've kind of activated a little bit more to where it's being tested more frequently.


And even that number being a over, you know, a third of the field being tested, that number, it seemed high to me. I I always thought it was closer to like 10 to 12 guys being tested week and wow. Week out. Which really didn't ever really make a whole lot of sense to me. Anyways, So, so what I'm taking away from this is Rory had an illegal driver. He was a baby about it. Didn't talk to the media, had to use his backup driver. That's why he sucked. But that also means that he had an illegal driver at the Masters asterisk. He needs to still win the masters to complete the grand slam. So he had run it back. That's what you're gonna run it back is what you're saying. That's What I, that's all I got outta this. It Sounds like the driver was at its best in the playoff. Yeah. Right. Correct. Okay, so here's the spin zone I'm gonna, I'm gonna throw at you guys is that I watched him play at the Philly Cricket Club last week and he hit that driver, that same driver that was non-conforming that he had to take outta the bag.


He hit it pretty bad. Like he was not hitting fairways with that driver. Well, yeah, because he probably cracked it was probably right, right before it cracked. Okay. Yeah. All right. So, so there you go. Maybe, maybe, maybe it was already nonconforming, who knows. Yeah. The, the most non-conforming of his driver was at the masters at its peak. That's what I'm gonna, he won masters Was thin face driver. I, I got another question about the, the course. 'cause there's a lot of mud ball talk this week. Oh, mud ball. Mud ball. Sure. So Shane Lowery, I loved his, his, he, he took it out on the course. He beat the course up. F first question is, the story came out afterwards that it actually was A-E-S-P-N employee that was the one who pointed out that that wasn't his.


Like he, he tried to claim and he wasn't trying to cheat. You can just say, Hey, I think that divot was already there. That's why my ball is half submerged. There was an ES ESPN bystander who was like, no, that's actually not true. That was your divot. If you were in that spot, would you report that? I've thought about this so many different times. 'cause the person that would've reported is exactly what I would be doing on the ground. So you're up there, you see that the ball lands and then ends up in somebody else's pitch mark. And by rule you do not get relief. And that, which by the way is so stupid. If your ball is, is below the level of the surface, I think you should always get relief. It's a ground under repair type of situation in my mind.


But I, I was thinking about it and a lot of times too, there's enough people around to where I wouldn't ever have to stick my nose in this and maybe I, I wasn't there. So it's hard for me to really say, but I, I don't know, man. It's, it's a hard one to call because it just, I don't, I don't wanna say it depends on who it is, but also Yeah, it does. Yeah, it does. Yeah, it Does. A hundred percent does. So let's just say, who, who Would you definitely not call it on? Who would I not call it on JT Max? Yeah, I mean, You Better not fucking call it on Max. I'm not calling. Geez. You better not Call on Brooks either.


We're gonna have problems. Yeah. It's a, this is a tough one. Y'all are putting me in a bad spot here because now I'm gonna just start looking away when ball's laying in the fairway. You just, so I'm just so I'm not Hell wild. You know, you see, But not to live guys. Yeah, yeah. Don't want any smoke with mbs. So, so my real question though is, and, and you can maybe tell me that I'm wrong and you can spin on this. The complaints about the mud balls is like the softest thing ever. Like, come on golfers, there's mud on balls. So you tell me how wrong I am that it's actually impossible to hit a mud ball. 'cause like, this is one of those situations where I, I love watching the majors, I love watching golf. You know, there's times when, you know, if the crowd says something and, and someone flips out, I'm like, come on, don't be so soft.


Mud balls. Are they that hard? Is it that hard? Am I way off? Yeah, I was about to ask you, have you ever hit a mud ball? No. I mean, I just pick it up and clean it. I play scramble rules whenever I'm playing just by myself. Well, same with me now too. So I, I personally don't hit any mud balls anymore either. But I can tell you the challenge is, is ridiculous. It is, it is very, very hard, especially when you talk about Quail Hollow in a major championship test and, and just not having really any control. And I've seen veterans, kind of old school players kind of really kind of say that guys, there's a way around this. There's a way to hit these shots to where you can keep it in front of you and it's part of the game. It's just kind of rub of the green and that you should just deal with it.


And then other players like Scotty who is a, just when he is in the fairway, he's so good that it's, it's a disservice that you don't let him hit the iron shot that he's capable of hitting and that he's now has to basically be punished for hitting in the fairway. I think that there's an argument to be made there because the PGA tour, if it was a PGA tour event on Thursday, so Quail Hollow for the truest is be played, played there every year. I would've said that Thursday, the PGA tour would've probably played it up ball in hand to where they would've cleaned the golf balls in the fairway. But because there was a major championship and that the PGA of America is making the call on whether, whether the ball is being played up or played down, that that was a significant impact.


'cause majors, they don't wanna be defined by, you know, the golf ball not being played down and, you know, guys just had to deal with it. It wasn't the rest of the week, it wasn't a big storyline. Yeah. But Thursday it was a big deal. That makes sense too, because I've always thought that the PGA championship has a little bit of like little brother going on where like, you know, they moved from the last one to this one. They also, like, there was that one year where the scoring was outrageous and everyone was like, well this isn't the US open. So they're trying, they're trying to be a little bit more like the rest of the major. So maybe if it were another, like they, they're like, Hey, we gotta, we gotta make sure they, they hit these mud balls. Well, you know, they got five inches of rain I think on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday leading up.


So the fact that the golf course was even to a, a point where they could get mowers down Wednesday night just tells you how, how good the golf course was from an agronomy standpoint and just how good the drainage was. But yeah, mud balls are, they're really, really hard to hit. I don't know if you know, understand how they work, but No, I don't Typically mud And I, I'll tell you right now, I never will because I'm never hit a mud ball. I, I think you need to go try it out for yourself. So when the mud is, is caked on the left side of the golf ball, there's, there's some type of aerodynamics that make the, when the mud flies off, it, it makes the golf ball shoots the right. So it's the opposite. The side, the mud is on the way it's going to go.


So it's on the left, the ball's going right, the mud is on the right, the ball's going to the left. So my bit, now that I don't play much anymore, when I tee the ball up off the tee and I just hit a big slice, I'll just say mud ball, you know, it's, it's just such a shame. You, You just described every shot I've ever taken in my life and I'm just only hitting mud balls. Exactly. I'm a mud balls expert. Now you got a new bit. Yeah, you got a new bit. You got a new bit. What happened with the, that shot that John Rom hit where it hit the dude in the head and then bounced off his head and went onto the green? How did it bounce that far off his head? Number one and two? Did anybody check on that guy to make sure he's okay? Because that seemed like it was pretty, pretty intense. I'm 99% sure PFT that that guy played fullback in high school. Yeah.


Because that guy, that guy just went up to John Ramen and was like, Hey man, sorry about that. Like, we're all good. Don't worry about it a hundred percent. I was like, that shot just hit your head like as hard as it possibly can. And then it bounced 50 yards. He's a, he's a dude's dude, A true football guy, A guy that uses the crown of the helmet. A guy that would've definitely been thrown outta plenty of games in high school. I mean, when it, we, if you're listening to it live, the sound that it made when it hit his skull, it, it, he's, he's 20 yards left to the green guys and it, it rolls. I mean, the green, from a width standpoint, it's probably a good 13 yards. I mean, it, it ricocheted a good 30 yards. Yeah. Which is just absurd to think about. Yeah.


I was concerned about the man's health and the next thing that I saw, he's like shaking hands with John Ramen, like getting an autographed glove from him and they're like, hoot and hollering. Like, that was awesome. I mean, I, I saw, I saw some pretty funny tweets that said that he should have milked it. Yeah. And try to get, try to get it should have tried, have got about a billion dollars from the PIF knowing that John Rom's employers could have maybe helped him out there. So I thought that was a pretty good tweet. Yeah. Let me ask you, did you watch the final round? Are you in Louisiana? No, no. I'm actually in, I live in Birmingham, Alabama, so I gotcha. I flew home late last night, watched the coverage today, so Yeah. Okay. 'cause I heard that, that people in Louisiana couldn't watch part of the final round because it cut to a, a press conference about escaped inmates at a prison.


Oh, I did see that on my social media today. And I've been following the storylines. I think they've caught I think about six Yeah. Of the guys that have escaped. So maybe I could follow that live stream later 'cause that, that that would be some good context. I can, I can only imagine how how upset golf fans in Louisiana were that they had to deal with that. You alluded to it earlier, but maybe if you could narrow it down just a little, little, you said like, with all these great players that we have right now, you don't know who the next major champion's gonna be from the, from the list of the guys that don't have one yet. Can you just give us like a short list of guys that we should, we should keep our eyes on It's Oh, so players that have not won a major championship that could be next up and line. Is that what you're asking? Yep. Yeah. Gosh, Victor Hoblin to me, he's, he's been all over the place at times when it comes to his golf game.


Over the last really year or so. He won earlier this year in an unexpected fashion. But still, he's still to me is the, the one of the most talented players that hasn't won yet. Ludwig Oberg would be another guy too, who's, I think his game is built for major championships. Ludwig is already contended at the Masters a couple different times. So those would be the two that come to mind first. But there's plenty of other guys that that, that you can maybe reach on. I think Joachim Neiman is a, a very talked about player from the Liv Golf tour, but he finally got his first top 10 in a major that was a, a knock against him is that he's won all this time on the pj, or excuse me, he won on the PGA tour, but he is also won five times on the Liv and had yet to have a top 10 in a major championship and got his first top 10 this week at Quail Hollis.


So maybe that's all he had to do is get his first top 10 to maybe go win potentially at the US Open at Oakmont. I got a, I got a question. So not only Shane Lowry beat up the course, but we also saw Windham Clark like launch his driver. People were trying to say that that was the same as when Max launched his driver. If you watch Wyndham Clark could have killed someone. Max was, did it in the most like, gentlemanly way where he like tossed it up the fairway where there's no one there. It was perfect. And he, he also tossed it where he was walking, which was sufficient. Does the, does the PGA say anything after these kind of things or they like, Hey man, you can't do that. Or do they just, they're like, Hey, emotions happen, what are you gonna do? Well, typically you get fined and on the PGA tour, the guys understand kind of what, what the, there's like certain levels.


I'm not sure what the numbers are exactly for fines. 'cause they don't, the PGA tour doesn't make that available public information on what the number is. But I can tell you that when Shane Lowry and I played together, this is the Honda Classic, back in I think 2016, him and I both got fines on the 15th hole of par three there, you can find it on YouTube. It's actually quite entertaining. They, they come live to the 15th hole for the first time and I get up on the tee and hit one in the water and snap a club over my knee Bo Jackson style. And then Shane Lowy hits one in the water right after me and then proceeds to, you know, just a give old good old classic like Shane Wowy, oh you have Fook an idiot.


And that's like how he got fined. And I, Shane Lowry didn't apologize. I did. So he had like a double version of what my fine was. So for the PGA of America this week, to answer your question, Big Cat, I think if you like look at the levels of, of what the fine would be, Wyndhams would be on a very high level because when you do the no look throw right, and not know if anybody's behind you, especially with a little bit of heat, that's where, you know, brick could have killed a guy type of situation comes out. Right. And my favorite part about it too is there's a picture too. I think one, one of his sponsors I think is T-Mobile. And there's a hole like of his driver that goes right through the T-Mobile sponsor sign On the Back.


You gotta find it. It's, it's absolutely hilarious knowing that like it's one of his sponsors. And of course he wasn't trying to throw a club, well I guess he did throw the club, but just throw it right through one of his sponsors ads. Like on the back was I thought funny for us. Yes. And luckily everybody survived, but I imagine there was probably gonna be a fine, I Found the video of you snapping the club here. What do you remember what iron that was? It was seminar. Yeah, Seminar. So what do you do for the rest of the round? You're just like, like afterwards I imagine that you have a couple minutes where you're like, or a couple seconds probably where you're like, sweet, that was awesome. And then reality sets in where you're like, oh shit, I actually don't have a seminar. You can't use It. Yeah, you're just hitting little chippy six irons of big eight irons.


That's all you're doing. Luckily for me it was on Sunday and so I didn't, I didn't necessarily have to worry about it too much. That was a good Snap. Yeah, it was because I would be nervous that I wouldn't be able to snap it because that would be, that's the, like if you're gonna go for the snap and you don't snap it, What Yeah, what I Try to, that's a horrible Moment. I tried to tell the PGA tour. I was not trying to break a club over my knee. Like it wasn't my intent to break the club. I wanted to just put it up next to my knee and just like try to act like I was breaking it. Yeah. But like Bo Jackson, you know, I, I just have these quads that just unfortunately just that just can't match a seven iron shaft. Yeah. This might be a dumb question, but what is, what is the drug testing policy like on the tour?


How often do you get Randomized? Randomized it, I remember that happening often. And, and it, there would be a guy with a clipboard after you're round. Typically they would say, Hey, we need to get a drug test for you. And so you go pee or whatever. But every single time it always happens. Ask any PGA tour player, you always bogey the last hole. It just happens every time like that to where you leave and you're just so hot and you can't turn out a, like if you, if you walk away from a one of these urine tests to test if you or taking PDs wherever it is, that that counts as a, as a, as a false like it yeah, it would be, or a positive test. So that's the one you can't walk away from.


So you gotta sit there and sometimes you can't pee at the end of the day when it's really, really hot and you're drinking all these fluids and, and so you just gotta sit in there for 30 minutes, just make it small talk with the guy with the clipboard. Yeah. It's, it's not necessarily fun. That's We, we know what the NFL guys, they actually, they watch you pee. They have to be in the room. Like, they're like, come on, let's see the hog, I gotta see coming out. I have to imagine that in golf they might be a little, maybe they're a little bit more gentlemanly. Well you just hope to be drug tested on during the summer. Not like a, you know, at Pebble Beach when it's 50 degrees out and you come off the course, you say, can I, can I go just kind of, we're on the treadmill here for a minute. Get some blood flow.


I got, I got a couple last questions. John Rom. So we, we didn't talk about, I mean he was tied at one point in this final round on Sunday and then it fell apart. What are, do you think he watching him in this tournament? You think he's closer to being back? Or is it like, man this was just another moment where things just haven't been going his way ever since he kind of went to live? Well, I, I think you gotta look at the three, the three holes that were the most crucial ones for John Rom 13, 14 and 1513, he hit a 25 foot putt, excuse me, that I can't believe how it didn't drop like such a good putt. And, you know, gravity's wind, everything's helping him out for this ball to break.


Somehow it doesn't break and that doesn't go in. And then 14, you know, John Rob's a fader of the golf ball and the wind direction at 14 today was off the left. So not necessarily a comfortable shot, but he hit a three wood a club that he can turn over and it lands on the right edge of the green. If it lands maybe two steps short of that, it's probably has enough of the drawin to where that ball bounces onto the green. But it bounces just in a place where it takes a right kick goes into the bunker. And, but it got far enough into the bunker to where that was not, I, I didn't think it was that difficult of an up and down compared to Scotty who his ball just barely rolled into the bunker at 14.


I thought a a more of a challenging up and down. So it really did come down to similar type of shots. So Scotty Scheffer and John Rom similar type of bunker shots at 14 and then 15 John Rom and Scotty Sheffer both end up in the same place over the green at 15. Scotty Sheffler gets up and down at 14, John Rom doesn't hits a poor bunker shot. And then 15 John Rom misjudges the putt from off the green hits it to 13 feet, hits a poor putt coming back where Scotty Sheffer hit it to nothing. And then all of a sudden John Rom is in a chasing mentality heading into the most difficult part of the golf course was forced to play aggressively and then it just unfolded. Right. But the one thing I'll leave you with here with this Big Cat, when you ask about is he closer to winning?


I, he's still one of the, one of the top five most talented players in the world. There's no doubt about it. Yes, he can win a major if you can win the next major. That's how good he is. But now we can look at a bit of a theme that's kind of happened when you go back to the Olympics where John Rom, he had the lead, I believe, gosh, I, I wish I had the numbers in front of me, but he was comfortably looking like he was about to win the Olympic gold medal. And I think with five holes left, he found a way to work his way off of the metal stand. So John Rom leaving the 11th green had a seven shot lead over si Woo Kim who he was playing with.


And at the end of the day, him and si woo Kim finished at T eight at four under, and of course walking to the 12th tees tied with Scotty Scheffer. Right. So we heading into the day, John Rom wasn't expected to win the golf tournament, but when John Rom was on 12, 13, 14, 15, anybody who was watching felt like John Rom could have done more to challenge Scotty Scheffer to make him hit more shots on 16, 17, 18. Just to make it more interesting not only for us as fans, but to make Scotty Scheffler prove that he can hit these shots to win his third major championship. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. It does. So how should we feel about Max's tournament?


Because he had a great Friday, right? Like an absolutely fantastic Friday and then things kind of went a little bit downhill. But I would say that, that making the cut and having that great day to get you to make the cut, I'm gonna choose to look at this as a positive weekend for Max Omo. Oh, totally. He's, I think he feels c confident about his game. You got a little bit maybe exposed on Saturday, Sunday, which more challenging conditions and that's what major championships do. And have y'all looked at his scorecard yet on Sunday? Yeah. Yeah. Crazy Big Cat. Have you seen that Big Cat? Yeah, it was all over the Place. Okay. All right. 'cause if you hadn't, I was gonna try to quiz you a little bit because Oh, being, being too over through, I think it was five holes and then shooting six over, but also making five birdies Yeah.


Is the most psychotic scorecard I think I've ever seen. It is Crazy. If you look at, you know, the, the circle, the, the cards you see online with either the color coded or the circles, it's just a very festive looking scorecard. Yeah. Yeah. Christmas tree on the, on the back night and I, I I, we ride with him so I had him and on Friday I was like, Ooh, this is gonna be incredible. But it was, I mean, Friday's in there. That's the thing I take away like yeah, Friday was Incredible round It. I mean PFTI think it reminds me a little bit of the Washington football team and the LSU Tigers. We could play some offense like when Max home with the offense is there, but unfortunately the defense doesn't show up with time or two. So that's kind of how it's been lately. Yeah. But it's entertaining brand of football. Yeah, it Sure is.


It put points on the board. Yeah. Put butts and seats.


Alright, I got one last question. Rollback Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code take 20% off your first purchase. Qis Polos, hoodies, joggers, shorts, Rollback has great golf gear. So go Rollback dot com promo code. Take my last question I'm going to give to Hank. Hank do you have a question for Smiley about your game?


Hank shot a 93 at a member guest on Friday. No big deal. Okay, Hank. All right. Humble brag. Yeah, I just, I just have Str I struggle making consistent contact and getting, getting the ball in the air. I just had a lot of thin shots. I don't know if you have any, any tips or any drills I could do to just, you know, try and get some, some more he in my shots. Good question. Have You considered starting to drink earlier? You know, like, you know, maybe when you, before you get to the golf course? Yeah, That happens. That's, that's, that's not usually the problem. That's usually taken care of. Okay. All right. Well we just wanted to check that off that box off first because that's where I would've started you. Just to make sure that all of your whims are, you know, firing on all cylinders. Man, I'd have to see it.


You're gonna have to, you're have to send me a dm. Text me your just a video. 'cause I can take a peek. I love looking at Big Cat swing. That's an easy one to Yep. To, to diagnose. But a lot of times when guys can't get good contact and get the ball up in the air, for the most part it's a, a pivot issue. Meaning like your pivot's not getting through the golf ball, you're using a lot of hands and your pelvis is moving into the golf ball. I know I'm throwing all these words at you Hank, but I can simplify it if you can just send me a swing and we'll have you hitting, making a divot out in front of the golf ball and making the ball go up in the air. That's what I need. All right. Great. Yeah, thank you. How that Hank you gotta, we gotta help Hank He's having trouble getting it up so we gotta get those hits and everything going in the right direction. Yeah, the pelvis.


So I think you accurately diagnosed as being mostly a pelvis issue. Yes. It's a pelvis issue. That's right. That's Right. Alright, well Smiley, thank you man. We love having you on. Appreciate it And we'll, we'll talk maybe us open or open championship 'cause you're covering both. You got it guys, I gotta leave you with this. I was on a plane, this is, I don't have, many months ago it was when y'all did the Andrew Luck interview and I, I'd fall asleep a lot of times. I'll throw it on y'all's podcast and I'd fallen asleep and I woke up to Andrew Luck doing the snap count. And not only did I wake up, I literally did one of these. And I, I know I couldn't have been the only person that that happened to, but man, that, that interview was great with Andrew. That was, yeah, it was great. That was an a timer. Yeah It was. You should take that sound isolated.


Make it somebody's like alarm to wake up in the morning. Yeah, It just, it threw me off guys. It was good. I love it. Alright, thanks so much. Smiley.


Smiley Kaufman was brought to you by our great friends at NASCAR And we got NASCAR in Mexico City. Alto Rodriguez is the crown jewel Ni bat. I'll say it again. Otto Rodriguez is the crown jewel of the NASCAR Mexico series. Tight corners and fast straits push drivers to their limits. They've got door-to-door battles all race long, anything can happen in Mexico City. We got bold moves, dramatic finishes. It's all part of the show. The fan experience is electric, passionate crowds, nonstop energy, and a celebration of Motorsport Culture Tickets are going fast, so lock yours in now at NASCAR dot com. Don't miss the excitement that's at the Omo Armos ez. Feel the adrenaline Mexico City. Get your NASCAR Cup series ticket now for edge of your seat racing action. Secure your seat today at NASCAR dot com.


It was also brought to you by Chime. Everything's more expensive these days. The last thing anything wants is credit card debt. But with Chime, there's a better way you can build credit with the money that you set aside. You can avoid interest or expensive debt when you use Chimes credit builder card, it's a secured credit card with no credit check, no minimum deposit required. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on time payments. All with no annual fees, interest or credit. Check at chime.com/pmt. With Chime, you can even overdraft up to 200 bucks without fees. With SpotMe when you set up a qualifying direct deposit, turn your everyday purchases and on-time payments into steps towards your financial goals. With Chime, secure Credit builder Visa credit card, get started today at chime.com/pmt. That's chime.com/pmt. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card is issued by the bank or bank, NA or Stride Bank. NA SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply Chime checking account required to apply out-of-network 18 withdrawal and OTC advance fees may apply. Timing depends on submission of payment file, late payment may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details.


And now here's Kyle Stowers and Tyler Phillips. And now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on two very special guests from the Miami Marlins is Kyle Stowers. Tyler Phillips boys in studio. You guys have been in Chicago for what feels like forever playing the White Sox and the Cubs. First of all, how's, how's the season go? I know the, the record's not great, but how's the season going? Overall vibes? Yeah, I think the, the vibes are still good. I mean, I feel like we're in a lot of these games, you know, and close to winning more of 'em obviously, you know, you wanna win 'em, but you know, I think we're pretty close. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I can't complain. I mean, I'm new to new to the team, got here opening day, so building relationships with guys.


But yeah, like you said, I think we're in all the games. So you Guys both got traded recently? You got traded last year, Kyle, you got traded in the off season from the Phillies? I Got traded opening day opening, like the day before. Opening day. That's crazy. Yeah. Was that like, that had to kind of be a bummer A little bit. Yeah, but I mean, you know, I heard Miami, I was like, oh cool. Yeah, yeah, it's Pretty nice. Yeah. Yeah. You can't complain. There's definitely worse places to be. Is is it like weird knowing that like at any point you could get traded? Is that, does that feeling kind of just suck? Like where it just doesn't go away where you're like, I I never feel fully safe. A hundred percent. I was with family friends at dinner yesterday and they were reading some article where I was talking about last year's trade deadline and they thought I got traded again.


Oh. And then, and Like you have A moment where you're like, fuck, This is happening again. So I mean, there's a, that's a hundred percent a a real thing, you know, I think in baseball that you just kind of, you kind of never know. Yeah. How'd you guys find out that you got traded? I was trying to avoid it all. Spring. I was at options. I was with the Phillies. So kind of an impossible team to make if you're a rookie and you're not like the guy. Right. So it was kind of like inevitable for me. It felt like, I just found out literally the last day of camp. Like all my stuff was in Philly. I shipped it all thought I was making the team, like transitioning from a started reliever. I was like, oh, cool. And last day, like the sixth inning of the last game, they pulled me in the office like, Hey, we claimed a guy, you're you're gonna be traded.


I was like, okay. That was what about my stuff? Yeah. Right, right. But yeah, it was definitely, definitely a weird scenario for me. Yeah. And you, Kyle, you knew you were gonna get traded or you ba you, you didn't know, but you had a good feeling in Baltimore that you were gonna get traded. Yeah, I had a pretty good stretch of baseball with the Orioles last year, kind of around this time of year and, and still kind of got sent back down. And after that I was like, okay, well maybe this won't be the place where, where I'd be for a while. And I was actually in the tubs when I found out I had just got outta the tubs and they said, Hey Connor Norby and one other player got got traded to the Marlins. And I went and checked my phone and I had a missed FaceTime call from our gm, Mike Elias. And I was like, yeah, I think I'm, I'm the other player.


I'm the one. Yeah. Wait, so how about a positive thing? 'cause you guys both, how long were you guys both in the minors? 19 to 22 and then, and then 23 and 24 as well. So yeah. And then Tyler, you were in the A little bit longer for me. Yeah. 15 high schooler. So What, what was, what was the moment like when they actually called you up? 'cause I love those videos. They're so awesome. Go first. Yeah, mine was unique. I was a covid replacement player. So Wait, what does that mean? Yeah, so when the team traveled to Toronto, if the guys weren't vaccinated, they couldn't go. Oh. Oh. So this is like well after Covid. So yeah, so I was getting, I was getting texts from like, our travel guy, like the week before he was like, Hey, do you have your passport on you?


And so I was like, looking at the schedule and I saw that Toronto was coming up and I was like, oh shoot. Like this could be happening. And, and so yeah, that's, that's how I, I initially debuted Do any like, fun, fun video. I, I would just prank, if I were the the manager, I would do all pranks for all the videos, fake 'em out, be like, we're sending you down. Just kidding. We're sending you up. Yeah. No, they didn't, they didn't give me the, any, any special video after, after me. They were starting to do like the call of videos for guys. And so, yeah. Yeah. I wasn't, wasn't as special as the other ones. What About you Tony? Did you cry? I was Did you cry? No. You cried. Nah, I wanted to, I was trying to, I was trying to force something Out. There's no video. I didn't see a camera, so it didn't matter anymore.


It's hard to send you back down if you cried when you get brought up. Right. Like, it means so much to you. Yeah, dude. I mean, nah, mine was weird though. Like it's, I took my opt out, so I had an upper mobility. Wait, what does that mean? I just, I told the team, Hey, I'm not going up. I want to take my chances being a free agent. Oh, so Depend on yourself. Got it. Pretty much like, I had my opt out. We, I think we were in Durham and like the week before Korea was offering me. Oh. And it was like, they were offering me like the max, like for the prorated amount, I think somewhere around there that's just really far. And I was stressing out. Like, I just remember it, I was like sitting outside my hotel. My family wasn't with me and I'm just like pulling my hair out, sitting on the steps.


Like, I don't know what to do. Like they wanted a decision. I got a call like a Tuesday morning. They wanted the decision the Tuesday night. Hmm. I was like, I I need you guys to buy me more time. I think like Wednesday I ultimately turned it down, pitched Thursday, do really well. And then the first of the month was coming up July 1st my agent said like, Hey dude, like you turned Korea down, we're taking your upper mobility, like your opt out. So basically the team, the Phillies had to like, put me on the, on the table for all the other teams to possibly take. And if anyone wanted me, then the failures had to decide if they wanted to protect me or not. Ah, so kind of kind of putting the pressure On. Wait, you force, so if they protect you, then you go up Automatically.


Yeah, yeah. You have to be on the 26th, man. Oh, So you forced their Hand kind of forced their hand. That's kind of baller. It felt weird. 'cause like I, I told my edge, like, whatever man, I trust you guys. And I knew, I think like the first day that teams were interested and now it was up to the Phillies. So the second day I was getting some calls like, Hey, this might happen. Right? And there was like some weird scenarios where it was like, if you pitch this day, then you're going up with this team. If you pitch two innings this day, then you're gonna be in the bullpen this day and if you don't pitch at all, you're being traded. I'm like, okay. So I'm just again, still stressing out, don't know what's going on. And my manager called me on a doubleheader day when I was supposed to pitch the night game.


And he said, where are you? I was like, I'm, I'm at home. It's nine 30, why would I be at the field? Right? Like, I'm pitching at seven. He goes, well what if we needed you? And I was like, why would you need me pitching at seven? And he's like, oh, well would the roster change? He's like, just get in here now. I'm like, my pitching coach just texted me like, Hey, like, like where the fuck are you man? Like, you gotta be here. I'm like, oh dude. So I'm thinking they're canceling my start and I'm being traded, showed up to the field and they hit me with kind of like a, like, kinda like a prank like you were talking about. Yeah. They hit me with like, why weren't you here? Like, you're late. I was like, no I'm not. And they said, well, you think you'd do whatever you want? I said, no, I don't.


What do you think you're a big league or something? Yeah, I do. They're like, okay, well good. 'cause you are. Oh, that's awesome. Like, I already knew, like I knew two days before, so it wasn't like this magical thing. And then they didn't know what move they were making for me yet. Right. So I just sat at this, I sat in AAA for like another two days, not doing anything until the team was able to make a roster move. Was everyone judging you? Being like, oh, you're, Oh, You're a big leaguer. Just thought I was lying. They said, what the fuck are you still doing here, man? What, what do you just like wanna watch this year is like, I don't know, The rules of, or the, like, just the roster rules of baseball is unbelievable to me. Yeah. Because I've never heard of the upper mobility clause. That's crazy. You know, people always ask, how much longer are you gonna be with this team?


And I go, I don't know. They have control over me for forever. Yeah. It's just, it's So weird in baseball. Nothing comes from them too. Like, a lot of guys told me these never work. And I'm like, Because what would be the, like if you, if you do it and no one traits you then just you shit Outta law. Yeah. Pretty much. Yeah. Now your team knows. Yeah. Yeah. Now they, they're like, yeah, fuck this guy, guy. It's like practice squad in the NFL. Except if you, if you have a downside to making the practice squad too. Yeah. That's crazy with you, Kyle, when you have a different story. Because when you got brought up or you got, you made the team after spring training, right? And then you just didn't play. Yeah. So they were like, you know, we, we gotta send you back down because you're not getting any bats. Yeah. That was so, that's kind of crazy. It's like I made it, but then through something outside of my control, I'm no longer in the big leagues.


Yeah. That was, that was 23 for me. I, I had pretty good spring, made the team and just wasn't playing. And you know, I had a pretty good 22 and thought, you know, maybe I was gonna get the chance to play more frequently. And, and, but you know, obviously with the Orioles, there's a ton of good players and you know, definitely some mind games happens with that when you feel like you're doing everything in your control and then, and then still not kind of cracking the roster consistently. Yeah. Yeah. What, what's it, I always wondered this when in minor league baseball, like, is it weird you're playing with your teammates and these are guys that you're, are your teammates, but you're also competing against them every single day. Is that a weird feeling to be like, Hey, I know we're all on the same team here trying to win games, but at the end of the day, like, I wanna do better than you because I want to get called up before you get called up.


Yeah. I mean, I think of it as kind of like iron sharpens iron. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like you're all trying to, you know, kind of lift each other up by pushing each other. And you know, I've always kind of felt like for me that if I take care of my stuff, then like I'll end up where I'm supposed to be. Yeah. I agree with that. I don't think that anything good really comes from like, trying to compete with a guy. Like, oh, like I'm gonna beat you out. Like Right. I think if you, at least in my experience, like I just try to help everyone. Like just being a good teammate, you're, you're gonna learn something from the next guy and you don't know who you want people in your corner. Right. You don't wanna like get people like, oh, like this guy don't be, he's not a good teammate. Right. Yeah. I'm sure there are some guys in the minors. You can feel it. Yeah. And they get frustrated probably. Do you guys ever have a moment where you're like, it's not gonna work out?


Like, I'm, I'm done with baseball. I feel like happens semi frequently, you know, a couple different times, you know, whether it's performance or injuries, you know, I, I had a lot of injuries in the end of 23. Ended up getting like, hit in the face at the end of the year and like, felt very, very far by By the pitch? Yeah. Yeah. Like how fast? Yeah. 93 fastball. Damn. Why didn't you turn? Dude? I, yeah, I would've ducked. That's a shitty thing for me to say, Hey bro. Did you think about turning Honest? I've said that before and then I actually wanted to show my toughness. So I, I just stayed in there a little bit longer. Yeah. Kept my eye on the ball, Bounce right Back up. Confined You like, right? Like, kind of like in between my eye and my nose.


Oh. Next time you get up to bat after that, are you, it's gotta be in your head a little bit, right? Yeah. So I missed like two weeks and the rest of the year when I was facing lefties, I was like stepping outta the box. Like I was scared of the ball for, you know, for the rest of the season, which was only a couple more weeks. But it took me a little bit to get comfortable in there again. Jeez. Yeah. That's a natural reaction I would imagine. Like if there's something wrong with you, if you get back in, you're like, I'm not afraid at all. Yeah. Hit hit me again. Yeah. I did a ton of stuff with, we had a bunch of like performance psychologists, like with the Orioles or, or performance coaches and a couple of 'em worked with the, the Navy and so, you know, it was also really humbling to talk to them about like, something I was like scared of from a performance standpoint because they're, you know, like, it's also like, oh, like you guys deal with people who actually deal with life and death.


Right. And so put, put me in a little bit in my place a little bit. I Love that they're like, oh, you're afraid of the baseball. Yeah. It's not a grenade, but yeah. Yeah. You'll be done live round. Have you, Tyler, have you done sports psychology with, for pitching? I mean pitching pitchers? I feel like yeah, it's, that's such a mental game. It's pretty big. Yeah. I was fortunate, like with when I, I was with the Rangers when I got drafted, I had a really good peak performance coach over there just pushing like routines, pushing all like the, the mental stuff, staying confident, you know, it's, it's weird. Like a lot of stuff goes hand in hand. Like confidence in success. Like confidence leads to success. Success leads to confidence. It's weird. But yeah, just staying on top of stuff.


Like I've been, I took up reading a little bit, like once I had Oh, good for you. Once I had my Tommy John, you know, just finding a way to, to just get better. I Just, I like, like I took up reading a little bit. Little bit. What do you read? A lot of like self-help books, stuff that's just, you know, helps the mind, I guess. Yeah. Did you go straight from high school to to Yeah. Straight from high aa? No, it, it was different game's, different now. That's what everyone does. I went high school to Rookie Ball, a ZL. Okay. And a surprise. Arizona. Do You didn't think about going to college? I, I don't think I could have. Oh really? I did not take up reading at that time in my life.


So mean Kyle went to Stanford. He's, is he the smartest guy in the clubhouse, Are you? I don't know. I don't, Did You graduated at Stanford? I did. Fuck, That's guy Communications. Okay. Yeah. He the Smartest Good communicator. Yeah. At Stanford. Are the, are the baseball players cool there or are the cool guys on campus like the Silicon Valley? We're gonna be, you know, heading some AI company next year, guys. Yeah, I would say probably, probably more of those guys. The baseball guys. You know, pe some people care about sports, some people don't. You know, like you'd be surprised by how many people are not out on a Friday night. Yeah. You know? But Did you meet any of those future billionaires? You Know, I feel like I did not do a good enough job of networking there.


Yeah. Hindsight, I was like, kind of just in my own world, trying to survive a little bit. You should have given like, cool kid classes. Yeah. Just been like, come hang with a baseball. Yeah. You wanna see how how we party? Yeah. Just Like learn locker room etiquette. You Always knew the athletes on campus because of the red backpack. If they had the red Nike backpack or like the Gatorade like water bottle. That's how you knew who the athletes were. It, yeah. You can't just go out and buy the red backpack. I think You can, but if you do Stolen vows, yeah. You can't do that. So, so Kyle, with you, you know, the importance of routines. We're talking about pitching, but for hitting, I'm always fascinated by the different routines guys get into in the batter's box and how kinda the pitch clock might have screwed some of those up. Like, you look at dudes like back in the day, Nomar would have like nine, 10 different things.


You can't do that with a pitch clock. Now. How did you come up with your batting routine? Yeah. Like pre-pitch? Yeah. Like, yeah, for me it's a deep breath and I look at the name on my bat. I used to look at the logo when we had metal bats 'cause it looked like a field. But now I look at the name on my bat and I just remind myself that and the same guy playing the same game. And that, you know, nothing, nothing's changed. And I try to just get in the present moment. Just lock in like tunnel vision. Yeah. Yeah. So what, what about you on the bound? Yeah. I mean that, that breath is important. I don't necessarily like love the pitch clock. Yeah. But you know, you get used to it. I think in the beginning I was like, really sped up where, you know, especially outta the bullpen, like I was a starter before.


So like, it's not that far of a, of a run or a, I usually walk outta the bullpen or outta the dugout. But yeah, I get on the mound and now you feel the heart rate going, you feel the adrenaline. So you have to take, like, make sure the breath isn't fake, if that makes sense. I just try to make sure that I'm doing it so the dugout can see it, even if they can't, like, it feels right. And then at that point, you know, you're in the game. Like it's, it's, you're going to war. So my thing, I took it from Mike Tyson, he's always stared his opponent down in the eyes. And when he, when they broke eye contact, he knew he won. Ooh. So that's kind of something that I do.


I'm not as scary as Mike Tyson, but Yeah. But it's makes me feel, makes me feel like, hey, like it's on now Remember the Madison Bumgarner with the ump stare down? Yeah. That was all. Which ump was that? Was that angel? I Can't remember. I don't remember. That went on for like a minute and a half. He just stood there staring At bat. Yeah. I don't know how the umpire kept that going. Yeah. Because Yeah. Respect. Kyle, this is a dumb question because I, I'm assuming the answers just gonna be, it was fucking sweet. But how, how awesome was it to hit a walk off home run? It was wild. Oh my gosh. Yeah. That was, Had you hit one before in any other like level? I like a summer ball of like, af like in between college season, during the summer you play like with a random team.


And I, I did one then I never in the big leagues that I hit a walk off home run. And you hit it off a very good closer in Mason Miller. Yeah. It was just, it was, it was crazy. So, so when you, when you hit it, were you like, did you go extra slow around the bases? I would take so long going around the base. If I hit a walk off home run, it would take me like five minutes. Yeah. I mean, I mean, to your point, like, it just like, you know, feel like I probably didn't soak it in enough. Yeah. I hit it and I kind of knew it was getting over his head. I just was kind of watching to see if it was gonna get over the fence or not. And kind of seeing this video, I kinda did like this weird point where I'm kind of going up and down and I can't really tell if it went over the fence or not, but it was, it was awesome. Yeah. How, How fast was that pitch that he threw you? It Was 101.7. Damn.


How, what's the fastest pitch that you ever, like, I'm sure that you've seen some fast pitches in games, but when you get in the, in the, in the cage, what's the fastest you've ever dialed it up to? Yeah. I feel like the machine, we try to dial it up, up to like over a hundred. Like, but you know, it's just when you do it off the machine and you know it's a fastball coming, like you kind of like, you know, you can kind of predict a little bit more. I don't think I've ever hit a ball over a hundred in a real game before. So that was, that was cool. Yeah. What Was the exit velo on that? I think it was 1 0 7. That's gotta feel good. Yeah. Do you even feel it when you hit It? No. You don't feel it off the bat? It's the best. It just Yeah. Goes with it. Oh, it's just, it it, You're caught barrel man. Yeah. Yeah. It's, there's no feeling like it other than going down the middle of the fairway.


Oh yeah. That's the only, that's the closest thing I think that is like that when you hit a Walk. If I have to imagine that the, the trot around the bases is usually faster because you got the adrenaline. Yeah. It's like, okay. Yeah. You like almost end up sprinting around the base. Yeah. But if you, if you hit like a go ahead in the ninth, then you can kind of pimp it a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. I, I couldn't pimp that one. I didn't know for sure that I got it. Miami's a little bit bigger of a park. Yeah. That would've been the only thing that could have made it better is if I knew it right off the bat and got to kind of look at it for a little bit. You Also never be the biggest pimp in that park because Marlon's man's there. Yeah, that's true. Do you guys, that's true. You guys know Marlon's man? No, I feel like he doesn't come to our games. Yeah. Is he still off the team? Like is he, I don't know. Is he away? They could have fucked him over though. Like, to be clear Yeah. All he wanted to do was like throw out every first pitch Yeah. And Get fired.


He offered Derek deer blank check to basically run the Marlins. Yeah. And So you wanna be the gm. Yeah. Kind of the gm. He wanted have Marlin's man appreciation day at the park. He wanted like six tickets for him and his mermaids that he brings. Yeah. It's really, yeah. All the reasonable stuff. Two Things missing from the Marlins is the giant fish statue in center field. I know they moved it outside the park, but the giant fish that would jump in the air. Yeah. Yeah. Had a home run and then Marlon's man not being there. It's like, it's kinda, I I yearned for the days of like 2018, you know, Marlon's man showing up to the Games. Yeah. He was, that was his heyday. I I have a dumb hypothetical for you guys. And this works 'cause hitter pitcher, you, I don't know, you probably didn't see it, but last week, Ryan Presley, the, the Cubs closer had maybe the worst outing I've ever seen.


He had, he gave up eight earned runs, walk five hits, zero outs. So 25 pitches, zero outs, eight earned runs. I, I think I honestly could get an out before that because it would fuck you up so bad that I'm throwing 55 miles an hour and like, you'd probably fly one out. Do you think that's fair? I think so. I think that's fair. I I mean position players, have you seen the position players? Yeah. When they come in, it's the weirdest thing. Like if, usually when you bring in a position player, your team's given up a ton of runs. Right. And the position player will come in and get three out super quick and everyone's just like, right. So no That the whole times Soha Is one of our good relievers. Yeah. So You think that I could get a, a single out in, in a big league game?


Just be just, and again, it's obviously not like I'm striking anyone out, it's just they, they would hit one to the warning Track. Ah. Think you get three outs. Yeah. Like, honestly, max Has to do that. Somebody triple a team, somebody. Oh really? The ball is bound to go to somebody. Yeah. Like there's no, like, it just goes against odds for the ball to just keep landing in the grass somewhere. Right. It's like the weirdest thing because like when you face a position player as a header, it turns into like this like, fear-based thing. If I don't wanna strike out Right. What if I get out versus like, you know, when you're facing a real pitcher, you're like, you don't think About it. You're locked in. Yeah. Yeah. And you know that he's gonna be actually planning his pitches. Yeah. And you can kinda like get inside and say, okay, this feels like a fastball. This feels like maybe some off speed stuff. If it's a guy from the outfield, it's like, here comes some junk that I'm, I'm not gonna have any idea, you know how to hit.


It's gonna be 55 miles per hour, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No we did, we we have a dingers only league, fantasy league where it's just home runs. 'cause we, we don't really like fantasy, fantasy sports are, are just confusing and annoying after a while. So we just do home runs and loser has to pitch against a college team. Last year, PFT pitched against UIC did, well I got, I think they scored three runs in two innings. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. So I was pretty pumped about it. Yeah. But again, I was like so slow. I was pitching, I think it was like 68, 69. Yeah. Nice. But I was pretty wild. Yeah, it was pretty nice. Yeah. Big Cat was behind the plate, so I had a nice big target. Yeah. I Did drop, I did drop a third strike but threw 'em out after. Yeah. So That was good. I would say pretty much double play. Very nervous. Yeah. How bad did your arm feel after It was very sore.


Yeah. The next day. Very, very sore. Yeah. Was that all you had? I gave it everything I had had. Like, like you were letting it out? There were a couple Where I was like was, I was like, I'm really gonna dial it up on this. I was so judgmental. Listen, I mean, I don't know, like the position blurs come and just flip it. Like I, I'm, I'm 40, I'm 40 years old. There were a couple where I'm like, you know what, I'm gonna reach back and really let this one eat. And I think those got all the way up to like 71.5 miles per hour. So Tyler, how fast could you throw? Just playing catch. Like, not even trying to throw hard. Ah, I, I don't know. I But you're probably in like the mid seventies, right? It's Probably, yeah. Yeah. I guess if I'm taking it easy, probably. Wait, What's that? What's the fastest fastball you've Thrown? 90, 97. Okay. Yeah. That's pretty sick. Trying to get, trying to get it up there.


That's pretty sick. When you guys were in little league, were you just dominant? Oh yeah. Were you just like scaring people? Yeah, I was, I was a really good little league pitcher. Good hitter too. But I was, yeah. I think I threw, I think I threw 70 too at 12. Holy. That's Pretty bad shit. I feel like, I feel like if you're a major leaguer, you're probably the best little leaguer in your town. It has to, it just has to correlate that way. Yeah, I know. But like then there's some of those guys that like, come on later, grow early. Right. And then they stop growing after like that 13, 14 years old. Sure. And then they kind of plateau. Hank, I wasn't always A Like that. Hank was a great little leaguer and he, 'cause he was also, he had like the age thing where he was the oldest kid. Slightly Birthday. Yeah. Yeah. I was younger. Yeah. I was, I was like two years above for everything.


Did You guys play other sports? Played basketball in high school. Were you Good? Yeah, I was pretty good. I mean, I mean I played at small, small high school, but I was decent. Yeah. Were other parents like scared of you when you were pitching? It's like, I don't want my son in the box against that guy. Me? Yeah. New Jersey baseball. I mean, I threw strikes but I threw hard. So maybe, yeah. Maybe. Yeah. New Jersey. Like if you're throwing over 90 or you're like Nolan Ryan. Yeah. So I feel like Southern California, like they just, everyone, it's normal. Everyone's a baseball player. Yeah. Yeah. They just, MLB players just sprout out of the ground there. Normal for 'em. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. I actually have a, I remember when I was like in not T-ball, but it was like when, you know, started being like player pitch, not coach pitch.


And I remember crying one time 'cause there was one guy who hit a person and I was like, kind of coming up next and I remember like crying. 'cause I didn't want to get in the box. That's, I was probably like every bit of like six years old. But yeah, I got Dodger, man. Not, not good at dodging the ball. I got hit in the face. We gotta on Turn. I dunno what I could teach you some, some tips. I'm a big person. Yeah. I, I I'm just terrified of the ball. Just send all the way back. Yeah. I'm really good at not getting hit by anything because I just don't even try. Hey, we, I, we threw this out there to the brewers and I know Kyle, you play in the outfield so you can't probably do this, but Tyler, maybe you can. Why don't you guys do a hidden ball trick?


I I Can you try one time this year? 'cause It look, 'cause it looks, it looks like you look like a pussy, I guess. Yeah. But still Not if it works though. Yeah. I had a kid try to do that for me in short season. Like, I was throwing pretty well. And he came up to me like someone got on third somehow. And he comes up to me, he goes, Tyler, gimme the ball. I was like, why? Like, I'm pitching, like, I gotta throw this ball. He is like, no, just give a trust me. And he walks out, he, I give him the ball, he walks over to third, he stands there and like the, the ball's dead. Like, it's not even in play. And he like, goes and tags the guy and the umpire's like, what are you doing? Yeah. So like, I felt stupid. My coach was like, what the fuck are you doing, dude? Like, like I, I'm like, yeah, that's never happening again.


I would never let that ever happen. Especially In like short season. Like, Yeah, come, come on man. Like, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter at all. Have you ever successfully talked your manager out of not pulling you in a game? I love when pitchers do that. That's the best high. I think that's like, that's a ho thing, dude. I try. You gotta have, yeah. I don't think it's ever worked. 'cause trying to protect you. Especially like how baseball is now. Like everyone, I feel like Tommy John's just like a normal thing. Yeah. I've definitely tried. I didn't think Philly was gonna let me go. I was, I had my like, my whole speech ready to go too. Like, it was the eighth inning in my, in my cg. And I was like, Yeah, you, you complete, he got a, you you got a complete game. Shutout. Yeah. Yeah. I was, I had it all ready. I was sitting down in the tunnel like legs bouncing.


I'm like, he comes in here and tries to pull me. I know what I'm gonna say. Like, there's no way I'm letting this happen. But yeah. Other, other than that, like, I don't think the managers will ever let you go. I, I even try here like I'm a reliever, right? I'm like, nah dude, I'm good. Like, lemme keep going. He's like, we need you tomorrow. Yeah. How, how fun is it in the outfield for relievers? 'cause I feel like that would be a really fun, like, the guys just hanging out. I know it, obviously once it gets later in the innings you're like, oh shit, someone's Up. When I first got here, I was stick in the mud, man. I was trying, I was all so locked in. Like, I'm like, oh, studying hitters. 'cause like, I'm, I'm a starter. Like I was a starter and I didn't know how it all worked. Now I'm kind of keeping it loose. Like it's, it's still the Baileys like, you still need to be locked in for the most part.


But like the minor leagues, you know, everyone's like beef gazing or whatever. Like, just, just trying to, trying to see who, trying to see who's out there, like what the talent's like. Yeah. And now I just, now I just mess around one of our bullpen catchers. He came up from like or something and I just mess around with him the whole time. Just try to learn Spanish. He's a, he's a Mexican dude. Yeah. Try to learn some Spanish, teach him some English. A lot of bad words, dude. Yeah. Bullpen catcher. That's gotta be the best gig Ever. I mean, he, the kid was in Beloit. Is that, is that what it is? Yeah, he was in Beloit and you know, he misses playing obviously. Like I, I, I love the dude so far. But you're in the Bay Leagues dude, right? Like, you're, you're, he saw l he got to see la He, he's in Chicago right now for a week.


Good, good. Spread, catching good food, Good food, good hotels. Does he get treated like he's on the team? Or is it kind of, I mean, I try to treat him. Yeah. Like, like, I mean, I buy buy the kid drinks, like at the hotel sometimes. Like, come here like, where you going? Yeah, let's go. Yeah. You know, they take care of me. Yeah. If he's out there getting, taking a beating like every single night, like bullpens, whatever. I think that's probably honestly a pretty cool gig. Yeah. Would you used to get nervous on days that you had to start? Sometimes. Like, I think like depends. Like if I had a bad outing the one before, I'm like, oh shit, here we go. Fuck man, I hope this doesn't go bad again. I think like Seattle, last year I got banged up and I had la literally like the Dodgers.


The next, the next series or the next game. I was like, fuck Yeah Dude, I got show. Hey, leading off I was like little nervous. But once, don't you throw the first pitch. Good. Yeah. I feel like that's gotta be a, a change mentally going from being a starting pitcher to a relief pitcher. It's like you could, any given day, you go to the ballpark, you could have the ball in your head. Yeah. See that's, see that's where it's different. Like starting, I knew like, I knew how to like, it was like a buildup. Yeah. Relieving. It's like you could go in at any point. I don't, like, we don't have many like, set roles with this team. Like, everybody could go in at any point. I just know that I'm one of the longer guys, but if they need me in a close game, it's like, you gotta be ready for that. And like, you, you feel the blood flowing. I don't think it's a little nerves, little butterflies, but it's a lot of just like the adrenaline.


Like you just feel it like leaving your brain just coursing through your body. It's crazy. Yeah. Do you pitch differently coming in as a reliever as opposed to getting a starting? Like if you're, if you're starting the first inning, top of the first, you know who you're gonna be facing. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, all the game planning is, is a, is a starter. I was talking to Matt str about it last year. So yeah. Starters, like the swat team, man, like, you get everything, all the planning, like, you know, the map of everything. You know who's hitting what, who isn't relievers. You, you pay attention to the game. But he told me, Hey man, just go in and throw your best shit. Like you got your plan. If whatever you do to the lefties, do with the lefties, whatever you do to the righties, do what your righties like, just go out there and try to throw it as hard as you can.


And yeah. Don't, don't bring the team velo down. Don't bring the bullpen velo down and don't bring the URA up. I was like, okay. Yeah. Cool. Kyle, how many home runs are you gonna hit this year? You have seven? Yeah, seven I think. So You've hit two home runs in two separate games. So maybe we gotta, I mean, keep doing that. Yeah. But like, spread it out a little too. Yeah, no, I mean, it'd be a huge honor to get drafted in that dingers only league. Oh, okay. Put that, put my name in the hat there. All right. I mean, seven home runs is not like that's, you could be, you could be a pick in that. I'm, I'm trying to put a little bit of an audition tape out for you guys right now, so For Sure if like, if it was Dynasty, it, It also helps that I have your phone number now, because I might like call you and do a draft video being like, Hey, you wanna play for my team?


Kinda like what you guys did with Gunner last year, right? Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. You wanna get on the team. Okay. Se so how many are you gonna hit though? Yeah, yeah. Make your pick, make your pitch to us for the dingers only league. Yeah. I mean, seven home runs, I think, you know, it's a decent start. You know, it's not necessarily league leader, but I think it's a good number. You know, I, I've always considered myself to get better as the year goes on, so, okay, that's good because The league doesn't start till July. Yeah. We, We just let half the season. So what if I made a promise to save something? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. That go to a couple posts. Yeah. Post Allstar Break, you do need to get a, you need to be in to basically be drafted in the dingers only league is like somewhere in July. You need to be in like the top 10 in your position group, because that's basically how we draft is everyone just looks at how many months have been hit the early and we're just like, all right, that guy's gonna keep doing that.


So Like if I hit my grand slam like right before the draft, that would've been like huge for Oh, yeah. Yeah. But I mean, that's almost too huge. Yeah. Because I don't wanna have to compete against anybody to draft you, you know? Yeah. Like, I want, I want you to be my hidden gem that I pick up. Yeah. But yeah, if you gotta hit a couple grand slams and I would, I would probably encourage that. Yeah. No, I mean, I, in all seriously, I think like twenties is a cool number, but, you know, I think I have the ability to do more than that. But Bullpen's been talking, we're putting a bounty out for like 35 m serious dude. We, we play the hat game out there. There's a hat down for you every single at bat. Oh yeah. I know. Not to put pressure on you, but that is $20 coming out of all of our pockets. Yeah, Well, I mean, if I start to play poorly, I'll just blame you guys then.


Okay. That's, yeah, That's fair. I'll take that Blame. Absolutely Fair. If you ever need bp, we got you too. Tyler. We gotta bring up your son hates blooper. Yeah. Is he scared of him or he hates him? Maybe a little bit of both. Shit, we can't show weakness. Maybe A little bit of both. He just hates him. Well now he's getting bigger, so I think he understands. Right. Like I've, I've tried to groom him into a fanatic. Wait, Bloopers is getting bigger. I mean, he's fat. Well, bloopers Are fat. Yeah. Yeah. My son's getting bigger. He's getting a little bit more brave with mascots. Okay. And I've had the conversation with my, with my girl too. Like, she, she thinks I'm lying. I don't, I I don't know. You guys found an article, was it in an article that I said that? Yeah, I Think you said, yeah. You had An article. Yeah, she would've told me that I was playing.


How would I know? But yeah, I just, I think he just doesn't, doesn't fuck with him, man. Yeah. Like, like I've groomed him to, to like the fanatic man, that's my guy that's, That's like a smart kid. A 4-year-old being like, I don't fuck with that fat Flu. Like doesn't, he doesn't like any mascots, but the fanatic he's friendly with. Okay. Like a little bit more so than the others. Yeah. Yeah. So you said after your MLB debut, he about your son, he was crying after the game. I was hoping it was happy tears, but he was really just scared of the Braves mascot. Yeah, that's, that sounds about right. He doesn't, he doesn't watch now. I hope he watches the games now. But he wasn't watching then. Yeah. He just went, where's the playground? Right. Where's the playground?


Right. Gimme some treats. Where's the cotton candy? Yeah. Right. That's all he cared about. Yeah. The treats at games. Yeah. I, I take my kids to games and it's just like, I, I have to like, basically have a manager, like having like a a a set plan for the, for the game being like, all right, first thing we're doing hotdog, third inning, we're gonna do some candy. Yep. Fortet, maybe we'll mix in a pretzel. I couldn't even imagine what it's like for, for my girlfriend. Like to, to even try to manage that. Yeah. Luckily like the Phillies, they had, they had like their, they had like a daycare system going on there that's sick. So like, they had like their kids' playroom. He was just, he was just there and she got to, she got to sit back and relax for once. But like the minor league games. Oh yeah. That's gotta be miserable. Yeah. Yeah.


What's the, what's the biggest difference behind the scenes for you guys going from minor leagues to major leagues? Like the spread in the clubhouse? Yeah. Spread is definitely huge. Spread Flying, commercial. Like, you're usually flying out like 6:00 AM on Mondays. Ah, dude, The bus rides were brutal Too. Yeah. Longer bus rides, locker rooms aren't as nice. Hotels aren't as nice. Food's not as Nice. Yeah. You pretty much just turn into a king like overnight. Yeah. It's, that's pretty cool. Like you, it's Pay is less. Yeah. Pays less. What, who's got the best clubhouse in the majors? I'd say for a visitor. Yankees or Rangers. I've heard the Yankees, the Ranger's brand new. So like, yeah, Yankees just have their food.


The visiting food there is unbelievable. Do you think they do that on purpose? Trying to fatten you guys up? Yeah. What for sure. Slow you down. What was the spread? It's always like some form of steak, fish and like chicken. And then sometimes there's like a pasta bar and then there's a carving station. It's crazy. Do you get carving? I would get so fat. Do Any teams have like a frozen yogurt machine? Two of 'em. The tell me Red Sox. Yeah. Okay. And the one we just went Seattle. Seattle. Yeah. That's sick. Yeah, They shut, they got like Oreos and M&m for machine. That's so sick. Yeah. The guys have been trying to get one big bigger rocks. They've Been trying to get one in Miami. Yeah. Be I wanna be in major league baseball. Just for the ice cream. Just for the, For the spread. That's pretty, That's pretty sick. It's like a golden corral every time you go to a different ballpark.


Pretty much. Yeah. I mean, you always have options. It's crazy. How, How long after a game does it take you guys to like actually wind down and go to sleep? Is it like, are you wired for a long time? Yes. I mean pitching, yes. I don't know how you guys are 'cause you play every day, but, but pitching, once you're out there, I mean you're at the earliest it's like two o'clock. Really? Yeah. Like you're just wired. I usually just go home, get on the game or something. Yeah. Wire myself up a little bit more. Yeah. Until, until the crash happens. Yeah. Yeah. I usually stay up till about probably one. I stay at the clubhouse for a little bit while after to try to try to wind down deep breath. So I don't bring anything home to, to my wife. Yeah. That's Smart. That's a big thing, man. That's very smart. I think like a lot of guys try to rush out.


Like, I don't dunno what you're rushing to. I, because we, we've been, we're usually like, we've been in there. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like, you know, like 30 minutes after the game, like, where is everyone? Yeah. Yeah. But I, I picked that up from like Nola. Like he had his, he had his little corner, he had a little whiskey corner where a lot of the guys would just go over there and you just decompress, talk the game. Right. It's good for team building too. Yeah. I like talking about like, the game For sure. With someone. Yeah. What game do you play when you get home? A lot of 'em. Mainly cod. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. You got a squad, A couple boys back home. Yeah. Big soldier, Ben Mercks. I'll shout 'em out. That's my guys. I got de mayonnaise. Yeah. Dema.


Couple boys from back home. Shout Out to Man. Deez you said? Big soldier. Big soldier. Yeah. Soul. Like SOUL of course. Yeah. Yeah, of course. Love that. Yeah man, we, we get going. Those are my late night guys. The Mayonnaise's married now, so he's, He's the daytime Guy. I Would love to see him manna, his wedding. Just Mayo everywhere. You can Imagine. Just Mayo on Mayo. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Man. It's a lot of gaming though. That's, that's like one of my vices. Yeah. Max, do you have any questions for these guys? Because I, max at one point wanted to be a big leaguer. He played college ball at Hofstra. Matt, star of the ca a no big deal. Shout out.


Any questions about big league life? I mean, I, I don't, I I didn't really have many questions about big league life to be honest. No, I mean I never really thought I was gonna be a big leaguer. I just wanted to play college baseball just to like, tell people I played college baseball and then when I got there I was like, this sucks. That wouldn't be the first time I've heard that. No. Yeah. So I played two, I played Redshirted one year. Played one year. And I was like, this is, this is it for me. Summer. You said Summer ball. Summer ball's the worst. The first year I didn't want to do it. And then I just didn't play my freshman year a lot. And I was like, okay, I have to do it. Yeah. Why is summer ball the worst? Just 'cause you're living in someone else's House.


'cause you play so much baseball all year round and you're like waking up at 5:00 AM and then you finally finish the season and you're like, nice summer's here. And then it's like, nope. You have to move to like Wisconsin live with A host family and live with a host Family. Family and play every single day again. What's that Like moving into just a, a totally random stranger's house and being like, Hey, I'm kind of gonna be a a son for you for two months. I've been pretty lucky with my experiences, but it is, it is different. It's just weird going into it, you know? And you're kind of just like, you have your bag and you walk in, you're like, well, nice to meet you. And, And do those guys, do those families get paid? Do they get a stipend?


I think so. They get like, they get something, some sort of compensation. Yeah. I think they're just, they're big fans too. Yeah. Like I did it in, in the minor leagues short season. You hear some crazy stories about like guys like staying with like, families that have like daughters or Yeah. You hear some, you hear some crazy stories. Yeah. There Was the one I, I threw out a first pitch when we used to live in New York. I I in the Hamptons. And that seemed like a pretty good summer league. That'd be a good one. Probably not very competitive, but it seemed like those guys were living a pretty good life. Well, the Cape Cod's a big one. Yeah. That's a great, great place to be. Yeah. You got like three teenage daughters and then you invite a baseball player into your house. I feel like there's something going on with that dad. Yeah, he just really wants a, a ball ballplayer.


Grandsons. Yeah. Yeah. What were you gonna Say, max? The Hamptons was, was like the, the summer league transplant of like all the kids on my team. Yeah. And I like chose not to do the Hamptons League. Why? Well, I went to California. I played in like the West Coast League. Yeah, that's right. I played there. Yeah. And I thought that it was gonna be like, way better baseball and, but the, it was brutal. I played, I lived in this house with like 15 other guys. What teams did you play For the San Like we weren't even like a, I was, it was also this guy like pitched me on the West Coast League. It like wasn't a real West Coast League team. Oh, okay. It was the San Francisco Seals. Steven Kwan was on my team though, so that was cool. Oh Really? Yeah. It, that kind of sounds like the California League. I don't know.


We played teams on the West coast, in the West Coast League. Okay. But it, we had like 10 guys living in one house with like the, the GM sounds like a good time. And, and it was like, no, it was not a good time. It was a bad time. I feel like the point. But like everyone else on my team played in the Hamptons League with like this, the sickest setup ever. Yeah. My one buddy lived in a guest house of this like super rich person on the beach. So he had his own house on the beach in the Hamptons. And then, and then he played, he was a pitcher. He like pitched every fifth day, every fifth day and then just chilled. So Sounds like a big league. Pretty good is the point of summer ball if you're, if you're a hitter just to track pitches all the time because if you don't track pitches, you kind of, that's a big part that you lose.


Yeah. I think you just like generally speaking in baseball for hitters is just getting as many at bats as you possibly can. And so like you see guys, like if they get injured like and miss a lot of the season, they'll go play winter ball now and like the DR or something like that. So I think it's just always about getting as many at bats as you possibly can. 'cause pitchers need more rest time for their arms and hitters. You can just keep Going. Get back in. Yeah. We were talking to, to Schwarber when he came. It was after he came back from his ACL and he said that when they were thinking about bringing back up for the playoffs, he just stood in the batters box And would track like a thousand pitches. Yeah. Not even swing. Just to like watch pitches come in. Yeah. What's the longest you've ever been without stepping into the box? Whether it's against the machine or, or a person. Yeah. I'd say during the off season I usually don't pick up a bat from October till I, I try to get as close as I can to January.


'cause like when my mind, when I start picking it back up, I, I can't stop thinking about it. Yeah. So usually about two months I'd say. Yeah. Yeah.


Alright. This has been awesome guys. I got one last question. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase Rollback dot com promo code. Take, this is a good question 'cause you guys are obviously in different spots during the game. Kyle, you're in the dugout. Tyler, you're out in the bullpen if there's a brawl, how, what, what's your move when you, when you, I I love the bull when the bullpen runs out, it's always so funny 'cause you guys are always so late and it's just like, it's already over. But what's your move? Are you trying to brawl or are you just, are you just going and just trying to separate things? Have you been part of one? I've been a part of Benches Clearing. We, I can't remember who it was with. I think it was the Blue Jays when I first got called up and I was in the cage. 'cause when you're coming off the bench, you're kind of getting ready to pinch it potentially. And, and you know, the inning ends. We see it on like the live feed. So I'm just like strolling down the stairs and I get down the stairs and everyone's outta the dugout and I see everyone's on the field and I like run on and you kind of see me running on late and I was getting texts from people going, oh, like you're the last one out of the dugout for Oh shit. Benches clearing. Yeah. So I, I think my goal is just to get out there early. Yeah. Get out there early. Try to find work, look busy. Yeah. As you're out there. Like find one guy that you can just kind of grab his shirt. Yeah, Yeah. Hold one guy a little bit. Yeah. Maybe, maybe say a couple like obscenities and that's, that's, you know, dude, I wouldn't mind, I wouldn't mind getting in a big old fight, man. Yeah. I've never been. I've never, then you Gotta get out there earlier because The movement is late. Just before the pitch is even thrown. Just start running at the pitcher. Yeah. Like's about to go down. Job Boy had a breakdown of the, the Orioles and the Yankees won recently. And you see the bullpen, like the Yankees waiting for the Orioles guys to get down the stairs and then like, they're all like running right next to each other. It's like, hey, we could Just square up right here. Yeah. There's two fights going on now. I wouldn't mind it though. Like I, I've had, I've had a lot of thoughts about this. Yeah. For some reason as a starter, like when I was on the mound, if it was me, I think that I'm like John Wick, like the guy's gonna come at me with a bat. I'm gonna catch it under my arm. Like, like elbow and like throwing Ryan. But yeah, no, I mean He's good to be mentally prepared for it. You gotta be mentally prepared. I took some jujitsu during spring training. Yeah. Love that. The Phillies had a guy there. So I'm ready. You might see me like just like crawling on the ground, just scooting around. Nah, I'm ready, I'm ready for whatever I want to get in one, the shove, the shoving or like, just like the, like the bouncing around in a circle. Just it doesn't do it for me. You Wanna be where the action's at. You gotta, you gotta make an arrangement with the opposing bullpen before the game. Like, hey, if shit goes down, it's, it's you and I, it's like hockey's and goalie. You Gotta pick the biggest off. Yeah. You either pick the biggest guy or don't show up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.


Alright, well guys, thank you. This has been really, really fun. Best of luck rest of the season and yeah, Kyle will hopefully be giving you a call when the ding's only Ding's only due. Yeah. 35. You Ever, you ever sprint the first base on a walk? No. I, I love when people do that. Do it. That's A big thing. That's a big thing for my team. Yeah. Do it. Okay. If we were scouting guys, that's the number one thing we look for. Okay. Usually I kind of like throw my stuff like a little bit of like pissed off that I don't get to hit. That's kind of like, you know. Yeah. Kind of like try what the vibe I try to get out. But I'm gonna take that into account. Yeah, yeah. Put my bat down and just sprint and then I'll take off my stuff. Smack 90. Yeah. If You just do it once, I think that's, that's enough to get you to the top of my big board. Yeah. Okay. Or for the fight, maybe just walk to first. Oh, just do, just Piss the pitcher off. Yeah. So to get that fight down. Stand down. Steering walk. Yeah. Walk real smart. 'cause you're pissed off that he walked. You Literally go in slow motion. My work, man. Alright, thanks boys. Cal Stowers and Tyler Phillips were brought to you by Paramount Mission Impossible. The final reckoning. It's the culmination of 30 years of the franchise. Every movie has led to this moment. It's the greatest action franchise of all time. And somehow it keeps getting better. You got bigger stunts, crazier action, cooler locations. It's the biggest, most insane practical action movie ever made. Real stunts, real danger. And it's absolutely meant to be seen on the big screen. Tom Cruise is doing stuff that literally no one else on the planet would even try. He's flying a biplane at 10,000 feet, hanging off the wing, pulling off aerial stunts at 170 miles per hour without a stunt double filming underwater sequence in gr in giant tanks. He's spinning in every direction, holding his breath, acting. Do it all for real. They even invented sign language just to direct the underwater scenes. Cruz has been training for decades for these moments. Pilot's license diving certifications. He's all in. He had tickets to see Mission Impossible, the final reckoning only in theaters on May 23rd. Mission Impossible. The final reckoning only in theaters on May 23rd.


They were also brought to you by our friends at Better Help. Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. Mental Health Awareness is growing, but there's still progress to be made. 26% of Americans who participated in a recent study say that they've avoided seeking mental health support due to fear of judgment. When people hesitate to get help, it doesn't just affect them. It impacts families, workplaces, and entire communities. This mental Health Awareness month, let's encourage everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma. The world is better when people are happy and healthy. I've gone to therapy in the past, I've benefited tremendously from it. I would recommend anybody out there that's thought about it, give it a shot, it might help you better. Help has 10 years of experience matching people with the right therapist from their diverse network of more than 30,000 licensed therapists with a wide range of specialties. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/pmt to get 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com/pt.


Alright, let's wrap up. Max Bachelor party. Give it to us. How was it? It was great. It was great. How's the ankle? Nice boys weekend. The ankle is better. Is better. I, we were playing some backyard football. I was playing quarterback, you know, we had like a three Mississippi rush. The quarterback rule, the the pass rush came. I tried to do a little cut and then I rolled my an I rolled my ankle one way and then, then I tried to get back to it and then I rolled it the other way. Max, coming back with an with a foot injury was like minus 6,000. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. But it feels a lot better today. I am walking pretty normally.


Did did you get, you were laying it on thick. Yeah. You were laying on so thick. You wa you like skipped into the office today. You, the clip, you po the clip you posted on Saturday. I was like, oh, he's out for like a month. It, I, that's how I felt. That's a thousand percent how I felt. Did you see the picture of it? It was, it was ma it was massive. And then my, the entire bottom well Been your purple because shoulda have a, it might just be your kinkle It was purple. You think my ankle is just purple? It might be, might Be Frank. The tank. Did you make any lifelong friends Of Yeah, of course. Who knows? Who knows? Shout out to the A w Ls. So Yeah, of course. Who knows?


Tell us about the, tell us about the setup. It was about as like Cabot in the woods vibe as you could like possibly put cabin in the woods Best bachelor Resort. Like so it was a cabin in the woods is what I'm hearing. Yeah. But like when I say we, we had to go to a Walgreens on Saturday or whatever. We had to go to a pharmacy on Saturday morning and you Could say Walgreens The closest, the closest pharmacy was 25 minutes away. Yeah. That, that's the best, best bachelor party. So when you, when you're with your boys and there's not like a oh, like let's go out to this bar and then everyone gets, you know, separated. It's like just the boys hanging. It was great. We played, we played Beer Dart where everyone just sits in a circle on a lawn and then you put, we all had Trulys in front of us and then we were throwing darts at each other.


And if you hit the Dart, you got it. You gotta drink the truly, we played football, we played Wiffle Ball. People Were playing w football's the best people Were playing hoops. And then we just did like a bunch of drinking games. It was great. It was, you know, it was great. Boys bonding. Seth, did You make a speech? Oh, Did you make a speech? Did I made, I made no speech. There were no speeches by anyone. Do you think you represented us well? Like they walked away from it being like, max is a cool guy. Those guys are awesome. Yeah, of course. We had a love that we had a great time. We started putting on like YouTube highlights at, at the end of the, at the end of the night we watched like John Wall highlights Lamar Jackson High. It was, it was the perfect like, and it was the perfect like summation of a boy's night.


Yeah. And then what about the Wild Card? The Wild Card was crazy. The Wild card was everything. I was expecting the wild card to be there. He, he wore a dart to his ankle and he just kind of like l let it sit there. We have a pm TV coming out on Thursday. Love that. Jack actually got that part on, on camera of, So you guys were playing long darts and then somebody got hit in the ankle with a long dart and they were just like, fuck it, we ball. Yeah. He also chose to go barefoot when everyone else was wearing like long pants and, and shoes. He was wearing shorts and no feet nor socks. Love That. He had No feet Or no shoes. Yeah, he had had no feet. That would've been crazy if he had No feet. That's a true wild card. That'd Be crazy if you had no feet.


No, it was a good, it was good. I wish I could have played, played paintball on Saturday morning, but my, I'm telling you, I yesterday why couldn't morning I Couldn't walk. Alright, so we should see how this video does. If it does well maybe we'll run it back for another punishment because it seems like it was a good time and it was a good time for the aws. Yeah, No, I think it was good all the Way around. That's awesome. Good job Max. Yeah. Love my boys. And he Is walking pretty much actually normally. Yeah, me. He's fine. Yeah, you're Fine. I, you guys are like, you guys are the worst. What do you mean? Like, I, I walked in today thinking that you were gonna be like on crutches and you were, you didn't have a limp. I know. I felt like I, that's, that's good.


I wasted like thoughts and prayers. No, I walked in practicing post moves. Yeah. What you were, you were doing, you were doing the dream shake on the boat on the baseline. Now. Now we're lying. Now We're, now we're in on this show now we're in fiction. Alright. Oh, Hank, we didn't ask, did you have any last thoughts for Mr. Ping pong? No. What A worthy adversary. At least worthy adversary. Yeah. He, he, he earned that win. Shouldn't have taken Game five off, but he, you know, he, he made good content.


He, he won Fair and Square. Have You moved on from thinking that he's around every single corner? Yeah, I'm happy. I don't have to see his nonsense anymore. Yeah. He bang, B bang, B bang, bing bang, bing Binging. Oh God. I'm only here. I'm never leaving. I'm inside of you. I'm like a parasite. I'm so fucked up. He took off his headphones. He wanna make a promise. I wanna make a promise to hanky and all the awls. This is it. Mr. Bongs gone. Thank Christ. He has no connection.


So you're just giving up on the season. No. Well he's, he's, he he's found a different show. Yeah. I'll be moving on to a another bar stool show called Mostly Sports where their co-host. I'll tell you though, I don't, I, and this is no offense to anyone who works on mostly sports. They're so fucking nice. Like, I, I'm feeling like, like Bing bonging Hank is like something the entire internet needed me to do. Yeah. They, they were all rooting for me. But with Titus, I'm getting like messages like, don't be too mean to, to Titus Mr. Bing bong. He's a nice fellow.


Yeah. If it was Brandon, then I think you could go even harder. Yeah. But it's t also Jerry, I, and I want, I want Hank to, to you and Hank to, to put a cap on the series, but just as, as a side, I, my feelings were hurt today. What you did to me that was fucked up. Hey listen, I was at a girls beach volleyball tournament watching my daughters lose every single game. It Was a glaring spot. No, no. And You in one text said, Hey, can we have you on tonight? Yeah. I said, so for, for the awls, this is what Jerry thinks of you. He's just, he's he's thrown us to the side. I was texting with PFT and Jerry and I was like, Jerry said, Hey, can we get, can I get Titus's phone number?


And I was like, yeah, no, no problem. I made a a light joke being like, no problem. We'll have Josh Ell on to talk about the Knicks. This series. We don't need you anymore. I mean, we, we would take you, but we don't need you. It's, you just, you've just gone on. And then I said, Hey, can you come on tonight to, to a final blow to Hank? And no response. No response. Listen. Then I put him on, no, hold on, hold on. Then I put him on a text with tj, the producer, mostly sports being like, Hey tj, here's Jerry, Jerry, tj, you know, we're family here. Wanna make the connection so that Jerry can go on mostly sports. Jerry responds to TJ instantly being like, whenever you need me, still no response on the text with me in PFT.


And then I texted PFT on that text. I was like, Jerry's responding to another text chain and not responding to us here. It's hurting my feelings. And then like an hour pass and he responds again to TJ and not to us. You know who's really good at responding to ette? Yeah. Adam Schefter. Yeah, Good point. He Is really, really good. That guy, that guy never puts his, he's got two points, two phones. Oh my God. PFD You're so right. I forgot the jury was here. Sorry Jerry, Listen in, in my defense, a lot was happening today that Mexican ship crashed into the Brooklyn Bridge. True. Yep. Good point. Homeboy Got prostate cancer. I was Like, look shit up Kayla Clark.


But your phone worked for tj. Listen, I'm so sorry. I actually missed that text that was in there again. I was outside. It was very bright. Yeah. Instantly responded to tj. Oh no, that was froze. Lost some. He's in the middle of a parking lot. I don't know where the fuck he is. I Love that he is always got his car behind him too. Yeah, We Just lost him. Alright, what were you saying? I, I was saying it was really bright. I couldn't see anything. The second I saw that you would text me, asked me to come on. Of course you guys are my first love, but I do have a little bit of an issue. I texted TJ and I was like, Hey tj, I'd love to come on Titus. And TJ was like, well, let me talk to everybody and see if we want Mr.


Bing pong. I was like, what? Fuck you man. Like Listen, you always have a, you so Lucky that Mr. You always have a home here. Thank you. Listen, I didn't mean anything. I, I I just didn't see the text. Big Cat, you know, you're my first love. Like, I, I literally, when that hotline ran, but it Happened twice. It, it, it happened twice and there was multiple texts that he didn't see. Ooh. And also he was replying to tj. Wow. Wow. I sent, he replied to tj, then I sent another text. He didn't see, then he replied to TJ again. In the glare though, right? Yeah, but there was glare. So he was seeing something, right? Yeah. Okay. Listen to listen to Big Cat, you used to call me on your cell phone Cell.


Alright. So When I need, listen, listen, before, before we put Mr. Bong to sleep. Don't worry Awls, Mr. Bongs done. Next time you see me, I'll be doing a fantasy recap by myself. It'll be great. That's also not true. Just wanted, if the Knicks go to the finals, we want Mr. Bing bong. Listen, I do have to say, I, I read all the comments. I aws I read your comments and some people are really sick of Mr. Bing bong. Okay. Alright. Like Hank Hank's writing those, there's A lot of burners. Yeah. You're Jerry, you're you, you just listen whatever way the wind blows is whatever you're doing. Like I'm retiring Mr. Bing bong always back. 'cause I got one comment. Hey listen, I took one game off.


I didn't feel it would be right to do that to Jason Tatum. I mean That, yeah. You sent, sent fucked up voice notes to them privately. That's not for Air. Not for air. Not for air. And we haven't disclosed the content. These voice notes, we not sent any of 'em. Not for air. I got, oh man. Wouldn't it be fun to just do Hey, Dr. Bing Bong here. So yes, it was a, a a to a complete tear of the tendon and Pingus has terrible disease. Yeah, That was Pretty funny. That funny. That was really, that Was Best stuff. That was a prayer. Alright, so what we, let's finish this series though. Yeah. I just wanted to, Yeah, I just wanted to, as we say Goodbye To Mr.


Bing Bong. Hank, is it okay if Mr. Bing bong just ha has one last conversation with you as, as the Celtic season is now over. Yep. Let a rip chair. Alright. Hey, Do remember what the AWS said to you in the comments before you start? Hey hanky, Mr. Bing Bong here. You know, it's kind of ironic, the Celtics season, it, it turns out the Celtics Achilles heel was well, an Achilles heel. Bing bang. You know what the, you know what the problem is with the Celtics after that terrible, horrific injury is that no one took control of the team.


Like Jordan is taking control of Coach Belichick's life. Bing bang. Yeah. Jalen Brown. You know what Jalen Brown he was, he was supposed to pick up the slate after that horrific injury. You know, I mean, all he was really good for was jerking off. Josh Hart. Ping on. That's a good one. Hey Hank, one for three. Where is, hey hanky, where is your boy? Robert Craft saw that Jalen Brown, Josh Hart play and immediately saw him jerking him off and wanted to hire him. Bing bong. He loves getting jerked off four games.


Who doesn't bing bong. Hey, listen, hanky, I gotta say, I've noticed on the show there's a lot of tension, a lot of friction between you and Max. A lot of back and forth. A lot of friction. Just like Jalen Brown's hand on Josh Hard's. Stick the friction. Oh, big man. Hey hanky. I wanted to apologize. Game one of this series, Mr. Bing Bong blew out your eardrum just like you blew it with, Alright. Yeah.


Hey, hanky, hanky. You know this whole series closer? No, we got a couple more here. Hanky. You know, it's so interesting. You know, the Nicks and Seltz going toe to toe. Yeah. Sneaking of toes. Tiffany, show us your tootsies. Make we wanna sing Tootsie. We don't wanna pay for that. Give it to us for free. By the way, I just wanna say I'm, I'm getting out of Big Bang character. Yeah, I have, I've been on X now for, you know, usually I do a TV show and they're like, Hey, will you live X and all this stuff? And like, maybe I get like 10,000 likes and everything when the Knicks one, game two and I just started screaming.


Show us your tootsies Tiffany. Show us your tootsies. Literally it's by the, I think there's like 2 million views on that. Yeah, it's just me going Show us your tootsies Bing bong. Show us your tootsies. Tiffany, why won't you show us your toes? In fact, the algorithm. Yeah. Well, oh yeah. Okay, here we go. Here's a big closer. You are you ready? Hank this is it. You and the awls don't have to endure Mr. Bing bong anymore. I'm still working this one out. All right. Lemme figure it out. Okay. Hey hanky, I saw your boss. I saw your boy on Club Shehe on Shannon Sharp's show.


It's so interesting. You know, your boss and you between the Celtics and Shannon Sharp, you love Chokers. That's actually a good one. That's A Good one. I love you. We are drafting Drake. Drake May and I'm gonna send you your hat and I got a little picture and everything. I'm gonna send you a little package for all you endured. I'm sorry I allegedly hurt your eardrum, which just ended up being a head cold. Yeah. Oh man. That's alright. Jerry. Congrats. Also, I, we, we were talking earlier in the show about librarians the next chapter and I was wondering if you could give us any context on librarians the first chapter. Because I got worried. 'cause I said it looks terrible and they said Rebecca remains in it, but it was actually, that's the old one who still doesn't follow Us, by the way.


But what should expecting with the librarians, what is it all about? She's Tweeting at us, but she doesn't follow us. Pretty, pretty rude. You know, my wife was in the original series, the librarians, and this is the reboot. My wife knows everyone who's involved, so we don't wanna say anything rude, but I I we, we haven't seen it, but I'm sure it's good. It's a great franchise. I'm sure it's good stuff. Hank's gonna be watching. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Ox Hank what? A what? A what A ride. Huh? Hank what A Ride. Ride. What a ride. Yeah. Mr. Who would've Thought, who would've thought two weeks ago in Arizona? This is where things would've ended up. Man, it's crazy.


Jerry, do you want to participate? This is the end of the show. You wanna participate in numbers Three? Yeah, let's go. Oh, who said three? Somebody already said it. Hey guys, He did Let me go. What was it, 20 last week? Yeah, let me go 20. Let me go 23. Okay, I'll go six, I'll go 75. I'm gonna go 90. I'll go one. I'll go 99 P. Hey Pug. Four 20 one's up.


Cherry, what was your guess? Memes. Six. Makes sense. Any predictions for 63? 63. Any predictions for Nick's, Pacers? Everybody? Seven. Nixon. Six. I think it's gonna be Pacers and seven. I'm just gonna say seven. Nixon Four. This team is different. Jerry, this team is so good. There's no way they lose even a game. I think he's mocking you, Jerry. I have no idea who's gonna win. I really don't. Alright guys, go home.


Like I'm at, I'm in like a parking garage, like the security's looking at me. I gotta get outta here. All right. Yeah. Alright, Jerry, we love you. Love you guys.