
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners, You can find every episode on Apple podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music On. today as part of my take, we have a very great interview with our good friend, recurring guest, Spice Adams In Studio. Awesome conversation with spice, talking football, talking everything, the internet, everything you can think of. We're gonna do our NFL week three. Picks And Preview across the league fantasy lad Boys fire fest. And we're gonna talk Thursday night football. Maybe a little woe Shohei.


Great show sending you into the weekend.


It's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings TD Tudy, taking it to the house in for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports book and official sports book, partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or defense. We don't care how they score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and draftking sports work is delivering ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Or how many tds will be in a game? Go to the Draftking Sports work at Make your pick ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new DraftKings customers bet $5 to get 200 in Bonus bets instantly. Score big with the DraftKings Sports Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft Ball. Okay, let's go Football. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Score big with DraftKings Sportsbook, the number one place to bet touchdown. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Fry. A September 20th and Aaron Rogers is back's the bad man is back. Yeah, he's He looked good. He looked good tonight. Even it was vintage. Aaron Rogers getting into it with his coach a little bit on the sidelines after, after throwing a touchdown pass. I don't know what that was. We could, we can speculate. It's fun to speculate. Yeah. Memes. I'm curious to hear when you saw that, what did you think? Well, it before you, before memes answers at PFT, first of all, PFT for the first 10 minutes of the show is on Zoom because he's in Austin for p punk. Go check him out tonight. Rest of the show. We're in studio before he explains it. That actually it was a verbal meme.


Robert Sala is Hank and Aaron Rogers' memes. 'cause they got in a tussle earlier today too. So there's a lot of tension going into tonight's game. But memes, how are you doing with Hank and how are you doing with Aaron Rogers going after Robert Sah. Which one should I do first? Whichever one you want. I think me and Hank are good. There's no problem. No Problem. There's no problem. I just get really fired up during these days and then I take, take things wrong A lot. Yeah. PFTI walked into the gambling cave tonight and memes was, he was the Arthur meme he was holding with his fist just like trembling.


And I was like, what's up memes? How you doing? He's like, nothing. I just wanted to fight Hank earlier. And I was like, oh, okay, cool. Sounds good. A little Bit that I saw. It looked like he wanted to fight Miy too. Yeah, so memes was doing a lot. He had to kick a lot of ass tonight. Yeah, No, MIY did a good job. Yeah. Yeah. The blind, I mean, the game was so bad. The Jets were so much better than the Patriots that we had to do the blindfold, but memes addressed the Robert Salah and Aaron Rogers beef, There is no beef. Okay. Similar to you and Hank. Yes. Zero beef. They, they, they were just talking it out. I imagine Aaron Rogers wanted to run something else on the, on the down before I didn't see it 'cause I was blindfolded.


I also didn't see the push, but I, I'm sure everything's fine. Okay. Yeah, That's probably not far off from what really happened because Aaron Rogers looked like he did not wanna run anything that Jets were calling for him. Yeah. Aaron Rogers just wants to run the Aaron Rogers coached offense. So he, he was, you could see on the sidelines, Hackett didn't look happy either hack it like they were, they were beating the shit outta the Patriots. And Hackett had this a hundred meter stare on his face where he was just like, I guess this is good because we're winning. But like, it'd be nice if they used my ideas. Yeah. It was Where, where's Max going? Oh, max is fixing something. The the, the Patriots are bad. I think Hank, you can officially say you're all the way out. I think we're gonna look back at week one.


That will be our week one. Circle that game and be like, whoa. What happened there? Well, and Overtime Peak beat the Bengals. Yeah. We almost were two and Oh yeah, but it was, the Jets were just way better. I mean, they moved the ball easily down the field. The Patriots offensive line is horrendous. I actually now agree with Hank that you probably shouldn't have. Drake may out there 'cause he'll get killed. Even though he did play mop up duty and didn't Look, There's still 46 seconds left in this game. Okay. I would love, I would love if he throws a touchdown fast. I would love to be the first, the first person on this podcast with a rookie QB touchdown. But I Would not like that. No, they looked, they looked horrible. Their offensive line like looked worse than the bears. He didn't, Jacob never had more than one second to throw.


They missed a ton of tackles on defense. Aaron Rogers. It really did feel like bizarro world watching a one of the best quarterbacks just do whatever he wants with the defense. Doesn't feel good. Huh? Every third down doesn't Feel good. Hank Easy. Every, every doesn't feel good. Yeah. No it doesn't. It feels helpless. It does. It feels helpless. It certainly does. And Hank, What, what's your attitude towards fans of Aaron Rogers right now that are just like, yeah, I'm better than you because my quarterback's better. They are, they're they're right. I would feel the same way. I get it. Yeah. Like if you're the Jets, you're, you're, you're just thinking Y offs. You're thinking, you know what's gonna happen? Be playoffs. Yeah. Think it's Soupy. Yeah, for sure. I I will say that I agree.


Jacobi ETT is, is the right person to be starting Jacoby Percent fills a very valuable role, which is just to stand there and take a beating and look semi competent while beating it. So, like Drake may, if you were in there, he would take a beating and not look competent while doing it. This is good. But Jacoby is good at, at taking shots and occasionally completing a couple passes. This Is gonna be such bullshit. He's gonna throw a touchdown pass. PFT, he's about to throw a touchdown pass. Or not even Oh, they sacked him. Just stop. Don't let this happen. Hank is gonna just be the worst about this helmet came up. He's gotta come off the field. I wish it was college rules. Wait, sorry. PFTI was, I was focused on the fact that you want me to say the whole thing again?


Well, was say the whole thing again. Well, hey, hey. Was just gonna have that moment over us forever if he had thrown a touchdown pass there. Yeah. What, what were you gonna say? No, I was saying that Jacobi Percent is the right choice to be starting back there because he fills a very valuable role, which is to stand back there, be robust, take a beating, and then get up and then complete the next pass after he gets the shit kicked out of him. Yes. Whereas Drake may, if you were back there, he would get the shit kicked out of him and then look incompetent afterwards. Yes. Yes. So Hank this actually was a blessing for you because it's, you're all the way out. Yeah. It's Back to to tank mode. Yeah. We have no offensive line, bad defense. Rookie, rookie head coach.


What can you expect with a team like this? Okay, so back to back to golf season. Get, get ready to learn golf on Season. No, no, no. Golf season's over. I'm just, you know, I'm, I'm thinking hungry dogs. I'm looking at hungry dogs trying to win some bets. Yeah. Paying attention to the hey to the draft boards. So, well, the good news is you won't have to watch them on Sunday, but then in, in the subsequent weeks, is there a world where we don't have the Patriots game on tv? And you would be okay with that? Yeah. I mean, I'd probably just go watch it somewhere else. I don't know. But yeah, in, in week, if it, if it's week eight and we're one in six, Next week is at 49 ERs. Yeah. I mean, that's just Blood bath and dolphins, Texans, Blood bath, blood bath.


Yeah. That's, I'm not gonna be able to get up for any of those games. Yeah. Yeah. You are tr you're, I was up for this game. I was, I was up for this game. I was thinking, again, like I love beating the jets, beating the dolphins, beating the bills. Division opponent. We've had their number forever. Memes was the, the tension was, becomes memes was nervous that it was gonna keep happening. Yeah. No, he, he, He thought he, he had the boogeyman on his mind. Memes was in a, an impossible spot tonight. PFT because he was, he was, he lives, lives and dies with jets. He knows this window is very small with Aaron Rogers. And Hank was sitting there like, I might not even be in on this season. So if the Patriots had somehow beaten the jets with memes like ready to fight Hank it could have, it could have gotten physical.


And I, I said it during the stream, but memes is probably the top of my list of, of people who work in this office who I could see them getting in a fist fight in this office and then me being like, Hey, what happened? And be like, I don't know man, I'm sorry. Things just got away from me. And I'd just be like, the jets All right. Yeah, the jets. The jets happened. Hank looked, ATS happened. And I would, I would completely understand. Now Hank, this is like further education of how to be a loser. And you're gonna have to listen to me and big cat's advice on this. But One thing that you're gonna get into as a fan of a losing team is you're just gonna have, have to like scratch and claw to find joy. So there might be one good team that you guys will beat and maybe you'll beat 'em next year and maybe you'll beat 'em the year after that. And some reason you always beat one really good team.


Then at the end of the day, you could be like, yeah, well guess what? It's like what the Dolphins used to do to you. No matter how bad the dolphins were, they'd be like, yeah, well we always beat the Patriots. So you're gonna have to figure out what that, maybe it's the Bengals. Maybe you just, maybe you guys just have the Bengals number and you can start feeling happy about that. Any division win would be would be fun. 'cause it would piss off, you know, dolphins, bills, jets, all playoff contending teams. I guess dolphins, maybe not, but either way, season's over spoiler Season's over memes. Your team looks awesome. That win was very delicious. Ooh, delicious. All the insult stats were going around. We were owned seven on Prime time games against New England. There's no Bill Belichick anymore. So Wait, was this the first time you guys beat them in a decade?


I believe so. Oh My God. On Prime guy. Wait on, on Prime. You didn't beat 'em. Oh, no, no. But when did you beat, did you beat 'em? Last year? Final game. Bill Belichick final game as a patriot. That's right. That's right. That was when you then, when you did that. Okay. So yeah. This, this is good for you. Memes. You, you got your swagger back. It feels like all the angst from week one is gone now you're two in one. You had an impossible start the schedule and the fact that you played three games in 10 days. Yep. And now you get the Broncos at home. Broncos at home. Hopefully start three in one your schedule. Yeah. Broncos, Vikings at home. Bill's at home. You guys might start rolling a little Offense. Looks good. Yeah.


Defense start to look good today. Yeah. Special deems is firing. We have a good offensive line. Yeah. Morgan Moses going down was troublesome. That was bad. Bad. Especially because we were blindfolded for that. A lot of people were saying Case, do what the issue is. Best case scenario is MCLS spraying. Okay. That's Not Good. And then worst case scenario is just his entire knee. Oh, But you have a first round pick that that is coming in his back. Yeah. Ulu Ano. Yeah. Max said he's the best o offensive line. And you guys did blitz a lot tonight, so it's not like you missed having a, a dominant pass rusher. You blitzed way more than Robert Sala has ever blitzed, I think in his entire career as a head Coach. Yeah. I think we're fifth in the league in defensive pressures.


Wow. That's what happens when you get Bryce Huff off your team. Yeah. Although he, he was very good last And then once we signed Hassan sign Hassan Watch out. Hyperdrive Hyperdrive Hyper drive. Oh, you don't wanna Drive Hyperdrive Hyper Drive. Oh, You don't Wanna say that, man. Do you Think, do you think this win makes it more likely or less likely that you'll sign Hassan Reddick in the next week? Less likely. 'cause we played the Broncos. Yeah. The window to sign him is before the Vikings Week or lose to Vikings and then sign him right after. Okay. That's the plan. So You have a loss scheduled and then to sign him. Yeah. Okay. That like Wouldn't be the worst loss is what You're saying.


Or load up before the Vikings with him and then beat the Vikings. Got it. Okay. I like that. Yeah. It was a, it was a ugly, terrible game. It was Thursday night, football's all the way back and the jets look good and Hank it's over. We should talk quickly. Two other things before we do our NFL preview. Shohei Tani went 50 50. He's actually 51. 51 now. He had three home runs, six for six, three home runs, 10 rbis. The dude is just insane. I don't really know what else to say besides, he's the best baseball player in the world. And it's crazy that he still probably of all time, he could be of all time.


I mean, if he keeps doing his career and there still is, is there still like an outside chance he could maybe pitch this, this postseason? I know that he was, he was practicing in the bullpen. Like he's done all of this. He's 51, 51, never been done in them LB and Oh yeah. When he decides he wants to pitch again, he's like three ERA pitcher. Yeah. It's, it's actually insane. I'd say that this, he is the best baseball player of all time. Whether or not he'll have the best career of all time is kind of up for grabs. But we've never seen anybody that's doing what he's doing. It's insane. 50 home runs, 50 stolen bases. If he was starting pitcher, he would be one of the probably top 10 starter in the entire MLB. It's crazy.


It's crazy. I'll get, we're almost getting desensitized, but shout out to the guy that caught the, the 50th home run because he just left the stadium smart. He's like, I'm not giving it back. I'm not talking to anybody. Here's my number and you can reach me, you can contact me through my lawyer. And I know that Shohei got money, I know what his contract is. He's got so much money that he could afford to be swindled out of what, like $5 million and not miss it. So yeah, I'll just hang onto this at home. Give me a call and make me an offer. So wait, was that Darren Revelle? Because that is his advice that he always gives to everyone. If you catch a a, a consequential home run, just leave the stadium right then and there and do not let anyone negotiate with you. So might've been Revelle who caught it.


It might have been Revelle or maybe Revella his agent. Yeah. Maybe, maybe, maybe Clit has gotten into the agent business. I wouldn't, I wouldn't be surprised. But yeah. Insane, insane season. Yeah. Listen, listen, Dodgers, I'm not gonna speak with you about this. You can talk to my clit. That's, that's what Revelle would say. He's just the best. It's the best. And I can't wait for the Dodgers to lose in the first round and then everyone to complain and say the playoff structure's broken. But we'll always have this 51, 51 from Shohei. I mean, it is pretty impressive. It's crazy. It's, It's crazy. It's crazy. And then the last story, woe has retired. So this happened on Wednesday afternoon. Wo is retiring. He is, if you, if you followed along what, like Chefy and some of the other insiders said, you would've thought that Woj had just done 30 years in at war with how they were describing it.


Sheft was laying it on pretty thick. That's add that to the list of things that we're gonna make fun of him for at the combine. But wo is retiring. He's gonna be the general manager of St. Bonaventure's basketball and he's getting his life back. He's getting his life back. Yeah. I mean Woj was the, the greatest to ever do it when he comes to the NBA Scoop game. That's for sure. Like shas big time come up for Shams having woe step away now it's like a one man show. W Price went up. Was Shams part of the reason why Woe stepped away? Because Woes didn't like the competition. I don't know if it was competition, but Shams, you know, is McAfee's Insider on ESPN and they used to take little shots at him.


I don't know, maybe I, I think if if Shams was any of the reason why, it's just because he made wo have to work so hard because woe could coast before Shams was around, but it iron sharpens iron. Yeah. And in this case, Woj, he, I think he, he proved himself like I would say Woj would still the number one MBA insider over the last couple years. But that, like, we talked to him and the hours that he has to put in, it's insane. So he is essentially retiring from a dream job to take another dream job being the general manager for his alma mater, right? Yes. He would school there. And I think his job is just gonna be tweet about a recruit, just like tag a recruit on Twitter, And. it goes out to his six and a half million followers.


And then the recruit's like, damn, that's awesome. W just tweet about me. Yeah, it's nice. It's, I think I'll go to St. Bonaventure. It's a big come up for St. Bonnie's. Yeah. No, he's gonna, he's gonna do the NIL roster management possibly, but good for him. He's, he gets his life back. It was, it was tough. Sledding, you know, being an insider And it, it actually, I mean we, we, we interviewed Woj. We obviously are friends with Shefter. We've had shams on on We like him as well. Their jobs do seem miserable in terms of the fact that they can just never turn off their phone. Yeah, yeah, exactly. He's got multiple phones that he always has to have on. He has to stay up late all the time. He, he just lives in constant fear of getting scooped by somebody. Yeah.


And I think Shams will probably go to SPN. Right? Because like I said, he is friends with McAfee and he's, he seems like the, the top free agent now. Like, ESPN's gotta scoop him up. Yeah. I I guess so. I mean, I, I don't know the, the price for shas definitely went up. Yeah. What we were gonna say, do you think Woes will still break news? I think woes Definitely. If he gets something that could piss off shams, I bet you He would. Yes. I think that he's, it's just that he's not going to be like pressed to break everything. But if he gets, if he gets a piece of information, what's stopping him from still doing the job?


Yeah, that's true. That's, I mean, yeah. Why? Yeah, if he has all the contacts. If someone just sends him something you would think he's got, yeah. I mean he has to have relationships where they're like, I'm still only gonna send you stuff. It was funny though. ESPN Yeah. Had their like, panel of news breakers reacting to woes retirement. It was passing, it was Schefter, it was Pete Damel and Schefter said this, he wanted his life back. He didn't want to have to work on holidays. He didn't want to be away from more family gatherings. He didn't want to have to take a shower with your phone up against the shower door so you can see a text that's coming in or take or take that sentence right there.


Like he could have just been jerking off or take your phone with you to the urinal and hold it in one hand while you take care of your business in the other. That's a life that we live. Come on Chefy. W thank you for your service. Woj. You showered with your cell phone. Oh man, I wonder if Shetty's gonna maybe see it like this. This is when, when he wanted to, yeah, this is, this is, this is like Shawshank. He leaves the prison. He's like, man, there's life on the outside. Gotta get outta here. Gotta meet up Sheie and Shef and Woj meeting at a beach, you know, five years from now being like, find me there. I I actually think it's more likely that Sheft will start breaking more NBA news.


Yeah, he might, because he Probably had some, but he, he usually would, you know, defer that to Woj because that's, he didn't wanna step on his toes. But Sheft was doing like sidelines at NBA games. He was breaking, he was dabbling in it. He was checking it out. Yeah. There could be, There's a massive vacuum there. I could see, you know, an upstart young buck come outta nowhere. And that's the person wo is actually just, oh, ghost feeding all of his Oh, all his, all of his scoops there. Because I do think shas gonna go to pn, but yeah, he could, Woj could Start like if Woj, if Woj, if there is beef and there probably definitely is like Woj will just be like, I'm out. And then all of a sudden someone new is gonna come on the scene. Soge is like Al Alfred and he finds a Batman Yeah.


Kind of thing where he's just setting him up. He's just, he's living with this guy and he is just like, this is how you do it. Could be one of she's kids. Yeah. I think. Yeah. His daughter's in the business. So Why not just start dominating everyone. It's, it was just, it was just very funny. 'cause we do like wo but like, come on dude. Like to, not even to Woj Woj I'm happy for, but like, ev anyone who reacted saying like, man, I can't believe this. Like, he wanted to get his life back. It's like, okay. He, he also got paid a lot of money to do a job that's, you know, pretty cool. It's Pretty fun. Yeah. But to even act like it's somebody that's been like an athlete for 30 years.


Yeah. Stepping away from it. Yeah. His, his athletic feats were Yeah. Showering and not slipping and dropping his phone and cracking it. Staying up for 17 hours at a time to break news. Breaking news about athletes. Yes. So it's a little bit different. And then the, the graphic that everybody was tweeting out that just said like 30 on it. Yeah. It's like, oh, I, I guess I'm supposed to know what the 30 means. So funny. Alright, let's, let's, let's get some, let football talk. Let's kick it to ourselves. PFT will be back in studio. We taped this earlier in the day. Let's do football and then we got Spice Adams and Fire Fest. Okay. Before we get to our weekend preview.


Gametime football season is here. And, we can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports, you know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. PFT is going to the commanders verse Bengals on Monday night. I'm looking right now. Let's go. I hit the GT picks. I'm seeing you can sit basically 40 yard line 235 bucks with GT picks. I love that. That's a great deal. You can all sit up top, which is my favorite place to sit. 50 yard line 158 bucks. So that's all with Gametime and the GT picks. You pull up your chosen event, turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen, or browse the best local Gametime picks deals near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Someone should buy those seats and be in the same, same building as PFT on Monday night to the Bengals and the commanders. Download the Gametime app today. Use code PMT to easily score great deals with the new Gametime picks. What time is it? Gametime?


Okay, boys, week three. We have a great slate. I'm very excited for this Sunday. Perfect. Set up where it's seven early five, late two Monday nights. I wanted to, before we started getting through the games, PFT, I wanted to just hit a couple big picture things. Okay. So scoring is down again. Yep. Touchdowns are down. Everyone's blaming the two high safeties. And I actually read an article, no big deal. Not trying to brag, but essentially deep passes still work, but offenses are taking the bait with the two high safeties and just they're running the ball into light boxes and it's just not, it's not as effective.


So teams that are still willing to push the ball down field are doing okay. It's just that everyone's like, oh well I guess we'll just, we'll dink and dunk And, we will run the ball and it's just not working as well. I, I feel like there are ways around that too. I feel like offenses can adapt to it. Well it's Offenses that are doing a lot of motion. The saints. Yep. The 49 ERs. Some of these offenses that are, are trying to confuse the defense are, are still very effective. But there's a lot of offenses that are like, oh, light box, let me run. Oh, the run isn't really working but we're gonna keep doing it 'cause that's what they're giving us. So stop taking the bait. Well check down Mahome, check down Patty. That's what, that's how he lives and dies by the checkdown. Yeah. So through two weeks we've had 29 QBs throw the ball at least 20 times with under 200 yards passing.


Yep. Which is pretty crazy. That's the most for any season since 2008. And the second most for any start to the season since 1990, in weeks one and two, only 17 to 64 quarterbacks have gone over one and a half passing touchdowns in a game. Again, these are not, because we have rookie quarterbacks that have not thrown touchdowns, but these are just stats. It's a league-wide issue. Yeah. There were also 24 QBs with one or fewer passing touchdowns with 20 plus pass attempts in week one the most since the merger in 19 seven. There You go. It's not our fault. And there have only been five, 300 yard passing games so far this season, which is kind of crazy. Yeah. Two weeks. Listen, take what the defense gives you And the craziest part is, can you guys give us, can you name the top four guys currently?


Obviously it's two weeks. Small sample size top four guys in passing touchdowns. Top four guys passing to. So I Bakers. Yes. Okay. That's Donald. Yes. Baker Donald. Mm. Josh. No, it's Baker Mayfield. Kyler Tua. Kyler Kyler. Murray Tua. The last is Derek Carr. So, makes sense. So think about this. Think about if we were sitting here in August and we were like, Hey, through two weeks, who's gonna be the top, top of the leaderboard in passing touchdowns. And I said, Derek Carr. Baker Mayfield. Sam au and Kyler Murray. You would've been, you would've said you don't know Ball. Yeah. Yeah. Well Kyler, I think we, we kind of predicted that Kyler was gonna have a good year.


I mean that I'm still healthy Kyle, I'm still buzzing off of that first half against the Rams. 'cause that was some of the best quarterback play I've ever seen. Yeah. Kyler. When he is not thinking, when he is just going, he's so fun to watch. So fun. Incredible. He had that one touchdown pass where he started. He did the Steph Curry. Yeah. He threw it started celebrating before it was caught. Yeah. And. we might have a new, a new title holder for the dumb rules. So it was Mike Greenberg's dumb rules whenever he would try to fix baseball every year. Mel Kuper had a dumb rule today. Yes. Mel ER's dumb rule is to ban the too high safety formation on defense. Defense can't have anything. Stick To the draft buddy. Yeah. Mel Kuer is not there to give takes. Mel Kuer is there to tell me like, who is gonna be the best quarterback drafted in 2027.


It's Also exactly what I said. This article that I read, again, not a brag, but it's not the too high safety. It's that teams are taking the bait for it. Yeah. Like still push the ball down field. You can still be successful. You're just taking the bait and doing, you're playing into their hands. Stop doing that. I also like taking what the defense gives you though. Yeah. But it's too much of that. It's too much of it. Yeah. It's too much of it. Alright, so great slate. We'll do our picks at the end. I I hate the two Monday night games. I hate it on Monday night, when it's going on, when it's concurrent. I love It. You do? Yeah. I don't like it. I don't like it. I'm not a one TV guy, so I love it. I Like having the one game that everybody's watching. It's kind of nice. I you're Kind of coming across as a one TV Guy.


I have two TVs. Okay. All right. Well that that, What's the wins, Hank? Well you're making your faces already Fuckhead. 'cause he's, Hank and I are in lockstep here and we've heard a couple people complaining. Jerry was complaining, someone else was complaining. I was like, dude, no offense, but you're coming across as a one TV guy and that's a little embarrassed. Well you're talking That's Jerry. I've got two TVs I can watch two games at the same time. I do watch two games at the same time. I'm a little offended by Hank's stupid fucking face. I've Been to your house. No, you got, you always the only, You've seen the second TV in the basement. I guess that was, I I it's been a while. I have it set up. It's not on the wall, but I've got two TVs. One's on its own table so I can go man mode and watch two TVs at the same time. Hank also with YouTube tv. You only need one now 'cause you could just play the mix.


That's true. Hank I've been to your house. You only have one tv. I Have a one TV guy. Oh, you Are? Yeah. So you're, this is ew. This is projecting Dude. Ew. No, I'm not. I'm not. I I don't like it either. But, but You, he is also not a football fan. I but did You see Hank when you, when you were saying that only one TV thing, he was like, Ew, gross. That's you, you're a closeted one TV guy. Yeah. No, I'm, I'm Trusting but I'm also not a football fan. Yeah. So it doesn't matter. I Was, I was three TV's control center for, for five years and I just, I grew out of it. Yeah, You grew out of the multi TV phase. Yeah. Yeah. So this Is the only night of the year where I'm like, damn, I wish I had two TVs. But you wanna come over. Yeah, maybe. I don't, I don't like the two games at the same time. I like having the, the tradition, the, the routine on Monday nights of having one game that I pay attention to.


No, I love it. And it's a treat, but the only reason why I do like it, I don't like it on Monday nights, but I like just having one less game on Sunday going on at the same time. I like it. I wouldn't, I wouldn't like it every single week. I like that they do it, you know, once or twice a year. It's a nice little treat. They should also switch the, the games kind of like, I wish it was Bill's Bengals. Yeah. No, it Commander Jacks Bill's Bengal Bengals. Ja Commander Jags would be perfect setup. Yeah. And just start Commander's Jags at like 10 o'clock. Yeah. Yeah. And whenever the Jags are playing in Prime time, it should be against the Tennessee Titans And. it should be on a Thursday night. Yeah. I I I like it just because you are guaranteed some type of drama on Monday night where it's like, there's nothing worse than a Monday night football where you just get a blowout when you have two games.


There's chances are you're gonna get at least something good. Yeah. And we are. The commanders are on blowout alert. Yeah, for sure. So with the Jags. All right. So let's get some games. Let's talk some games. These are early games. Houston Texans going to the Minnesota Vikings two and oh verse two and oh, did you see that Aaron Jones is trying to basically bring the Lambo leap to Minnesota now? I don't Like that. Calling It the Bank fault. Okay. That's a good name. It's a good name. I don't like that. Now I'm kind of in on it just because it's got a sick name. I had the same exact thought where it's like you can't just do that, but the bank vault is sick. The bank vault's really nice. The only problem is there's a lot of teams that play in bank name stadiums. True. So they could kind of co-opt that.


But he Was the first to it. It makes me want to bet him To score a touchdown just so we can see the bank fall. It does. I kind of, I kind of like how Aaron Jones has also fallen into the, just the, the visual lookalike of the, the Minnesota Vikings running back situation. Yes. For the last like four years. Yes. It's, it's, it looks like the same guy this year. It's Aaron Jones and he's, he's playing pretty well. Sam Donald is maybe well definitely come back Player of the year at this point, right? At this point through two weeks. Yeah. If Ricky Pearsall gets on the field, it's probably gonna be him. Yeah. But through two weeks it's Sam and these two teams also have the league leaders in Sacks. Ooh. How about that? The two team, the two team leaders in Sacks. It also Is the Neil Hunter revenge game, the Neil Hunter Revenge game and also Jonathan Greenard revenge game.


'cause he left the Texans for the Vikings. Oh, by the way, speaking of Minnesota running backs, do you guys know where Dalvin Cook is now? Dalvin Cowboy Is. Yeah. He's on the Cowboys. Didn't know, didn't realize that they're working him in. They have a running back. I, I, Mike McCarthy is essentially decide his strategy for running backs this year is everyone who doesn't do any fantasy research and they show up to their draft. They're like, I know that name. Yeah. Like I, I think I drafted Tony Gonzalez like seven years later than he should have been drafted. Yeah. Because I saw the name. I was like, well, he's gotta be still be good. Well, the, the Cowboys got two of them. Yeah, yeah. No, That's what I'm saying. Yeah. That's, that's what his whole running back committee Is, which I kind of like. Yeah. I respect that.


He's, he's just doing, he's just doing old running backs that you kind of recognize And. it is like Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. So if He, if he, like I, I think Chris Johnson could still give him some yards. He's fast. Right? Yeah. And I wouldn't be shocked if they brought him In Adrian Peterson. Yeah, absolutely. Put 'em on the field. Like if you combine just a bunch of old guys that used to be dominant, I, in my dumb brain will say one of 'em will end up popping running Back by committee. Except like one of 'em has a healthy right leg. One of 'em has a healthy left leg. Yes. Yes. So yeah, I'm excited for this game. 'cause I think it's going to be a pretty big test of like, which one? I think the Texans are for real. I actually think the Vikings might be for real too. But this is, this feels like a game where the winner of this we're gonna be saying, whoa, three and oh looking really good kind of control of their division too.


'cause you know, three and oh, we'll see what happens with the Lions and the Packers and the Bears. But at least the Texans, if they're a three and oh, that's gonna be a very big lead. They, everyone else in their division is Oh and two. I, I am very interested to see how CJ Stroud does against Brian Flores defense because did you see after the game, Brock Purdy was like, you guys were just confusing the fuck Outta me. Yeah. That's what Brian Flores does. He does. You're right. And that he doesn't even always have to blitz do it. Sometimes he just fakes a blitz and he does that thing where the quarterback thinks that they're gonna be under pressure, then they're not. Yeah. And then they just panic and the, the four rushers can get home. So CJ Stroud, last year we started to do this, we should just, we shouldn't be doing it yet, but we should start thinking about it, asking the classic Nick Wright question of is he throwing enough interceptions?


Mm. So no interceptions yet. He doesn't Throw a lot of Interceptions. So CJ Stroud, he didn't, he did not throw many interceptions last year. He tried To throw a couple against the bears. Well, yeah, I think he leads the league in turnover worthy throws. He's just getting a lot of luck. I love that. He's getting some, some interception luck on that end. Yep. But we'll say this. If he goes like two more games, no interceptions, then we start to say CJ Stroud doesn't throw enough interceptions. Yeah. Do we have any takes on CJ Stroud in the K Williams clip? Big Broing. Yeah. Big Brodo. It's a little early for the big bro. Well, here's the thing. I have no problem with CJ Stroud doing it. I also have no problem with K Williams being like, I just got sacked a hundred times. Yeah. Got my ass kicked. I don't really wanna stand here and just be told, Hey, everything's gonna be okay.


Like, let me, if, if you're a competitor, I just don't wanna do that. Nicey nice. Oh, thank you so much. They're also the same age. Yeah. So I could see how I'm fine with Caleb Williams' reaction. I know Hank thought that it was bad. You, you, you said, you mentioned something to me. You're like, did you see that? Did You see that? But You know what happened with Hank? This is what Hank does. It's, it's like sometimes we're too lazy to read the article. So we just read the headline. Hank sometimes is too lazy to watch the video, so he just reads the headline of the video and then that's what he takes from it. It was, and Hank got aggregated. You got aggregated. So what, what happened? I Watched the video. Well, okay, so what happened in the clip was CJ was like trying to give him words of encouragement. He rolled His eyes And then Caleb was like, okay, okay.


Thank you. He, he acted in a perfectly normal way for somebody that just lost a game. Also, CJ Charlotte was micd up. You don't think he was doing that a little bit to get a little extra juice on the micd up? Like, welcome me. I'm micd up. I, it it was a also a perfect encapsulation of the internet. Where who whatever, whoever shared it, however you first consumed it, the caption just changed what you thought. Exactly. Yeah. You read the headline and didn't watch the video. Yeah, I watched the video. Okay, so you thought it was too much. Do you, do you have any problem with CJ Stroud, who is a very, very good quarterback, two games into his second season? Big bro in people. It Was a little early for big bro, but I just thought Caleb Williams body language is bad. Like he was a little bit, bit Too cool for school. I liked it a little bit too cool for school.


He's pissed off. No one's show me a, show me a good loser and I'll show you a loser. Yeah, No, that's true. He's just, just got a, he's right now, he's too cool for school. He kind of said that in the off season, like, oh yeah, we're gonna, you know, he's, he's cocky. Oh, okay. Point the pun thing. That's gonna just be, he's gotta back it up at some point. He's gotta back it up. It's cool if like, if he can back it up all good, he's going to this week. If he doesn't, he's going to, then it's gonna be like, oh, maybe you should have been a little more, you know, receptive and open to your peers and like Of the, of the comments. You think that was, you think that if he had been more receptive of CJ Stroud saying, Hey don't worry, it's gonna be okay. He would be okay. Maybe. Yeah. How he didn't say anything. How Would you have liked him to respond?


CJ Stroud didn't say anything. He wasn't like, Hey man, he like rolled his eyes. Yeah. But if CJ SRA came up, he was like, Hey man, I saw that one play. This is actually how you're gonna wanna read the safety goal. Absolute. Then it's like, yeah, okay. He should probably listen. But he, he literally just said, it's okay man. Keep your head up. You, he was doing it for the camera. CJ SRA was, And Caleb was a little bit dismissive. It, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a huge deal. I just think when it's all said and done, if if things don't, you know, turn around, then it's not gonna look Great. That will be the point. What were you gonna say Max? The, You brought up the punt thing. Have we talked about the punt Thing? Yeah. Everyone talks about the punt Thing. Have we talked About the punt thing? He said to Tory Taylor, you're not gonna have to punt much. Guess what did you not hear about the offense being down league wide?


Punt her up, Punts her up, punch her up, puns Her up. Punts her up. It's a big year. He had no, Caleb Williams had no idea that punts were gonna be in vogue this year. You can't predict that stuff. Yeah, It's Like inflation. You can't predict that. And also Tor Taylors a really good punter. Maybe, maybe he's just Caleb Williams being a good teammate. Guess What? Credit to Ryan polls for, for getting ahead of the league wide trend. Correct. The puns are gonna be up and using a draft pick on a punter Actually yeah. If Ryan polls had taken Tory Taylor won one, I would've been fine with it. With how people are using their punters these days And, and the way the league's going these days, you wanna be ahead of that new trend and the new wrinkle Yeah. Is gonna be just punting more when Everyone zigs we zag. Okay. Next game. Chargers and Steelers. This one's gonna be gross.


Gross, gross, gross. I think it's Steelers minus one and a half over under 35 and a half. I So we had a new Tomlin. We had a new Tomlin drop. Mike Tomlin was talking about the petty game ball and A new Harbaugh. And a new Harbaugh. We had a petty game ball that he was gave to Russell Wilson after the Steelers beat. The Broncos, which a petty game ball. I, Russell Wilson didn't play in the game, but it was a petty game ball and a reporter asked him to go deeper and he said, I can't give you all the ingredients to the hot dog. You might not like it. Yeah. I he might've stolen that from Justin Fields who's a vegan trying to like sway him into not eating meat anymore. Yes. He's like, yo, goes in a hotdog coach. Yeah, he's lips an asshole. Yeah. So he's, I yeah, IIII like the petty game ball.


And then the new Harbaugh was very funny. He said like, Moses, I'm gonna die leaning on my staff. Yeah, That's a really good one. So I looked in That sounds Like something you would, that sounds like something you would say Ft. I looked into that quote and it's not the first time Harbaugh said this. He said it back in January. He said, I'm gonna like Moses, I'm gonna die leaning on my staff implying that he would die leaning on his his coordinators. Yes. And the other coaches. And you know, everybody that happens to be working with Jim Harbaugh. Wait from Michigan. He said this at Michigan. Yeah. So he was implying like, I will die leaning on Connor Stallions. Well He never met Connor Stalls. Never met Connor Stallions. Not his ball. Moses, he's implying, died, leaning on his staff, his physical staff. Right. I looked into that quote.


He actually stole that quote from Lou Holtz. Oh. But when Lou Holtz said it, he said that he's gonna be like Peter dying, leaning on his staff. Hmm. That's also a wrong quote because Peter was crucified. Ah. The actual guy that leaned on his staff was Jacob. Ah. So it's like we're playing a game of football guy telephone right now. And Harbaugh has just rolled into the whole Moses thing. Hmm. Moses does hit harder. What about Seth? How'd Moses Die? Moses died wandering the desert. Yeah. He never made it. What about Seth? Seth the brother of Cain and Abel. Yeah. The third Brother. No one talks about Seth. Yeah. His name's Seth and he was king. That Does not sound like a biblical name At all. It doesn't Sounds made up. Yeah. People talk. All they do is talk about Cain and Abel.


Fucking put some respect on Seth's name. Yeah. Seth was the, Seth was the Cooper manning of, of that family. Yeah. But yeah, so That, that was a great quote from Harbaugh. I don't really understand what it means, but I like it. I also think that Harbaugh may have saved one of his players' lives this week. Oh. 'cause they stayed out east, right? Yeah. Yeah. So they stayed in Charlotte and they're going up to Pittsburgh for the time zones. Jim Harbaugh is a big believer in sleep preparation. He just wanted to watch his team sleep Probably. Yes. He wanted to make sure that they were all in the same place. He wants to keep them in hotels so that Herbert has a chance of getting stuck in an elevator. Yeah. Yeah. But Joey Bose's house got broken into on Monday. Oh shit.


Well, there was an alarm that went off. The cops showed up. The cops went into the house with their weapons drawn because they had an alarm. Turns out it may have been a false alarm. It was like the wind that set it off. Okay. But if Joey Bosa had been home, the cops breaking in with their guns. Joey Bosa is pro. I'm gonna go out on a limb and say he's probably a gun owner. It could have gotten messy. Yeah. If he hears people breaking into his house. That's true. So Harbaugh might've saved Joey BOA's life. I think this team is circling the wagons. Yeah. They also, I I they were doing like some type of community service. They were, I think they were boxing lunches for homeless people or something. He was doing like a, a food pantry. Right. And they, the food pantry owner said that they actually broke the record for most lunches box in an hour.


And Harbo was like, fuck yes. He Definitely, he definitely like asked them beforehand, what's the record? Yeah. What's the record? And then he told them, we gotta, we gotta beat this record. I got a question for you guys. This is high level handicapping of football. It, there's a report out there from Joey Bosa. He says that Jim Harbaugh has told Justin Herbert no more high fives when coming off the field to protect his hands. Is that a good thing or a bad thing in terms of team vibes? So was that, was that BOA's idea or was that Harbaugh's idea? It's Harbaugh's idea, but he told Boa no more like Har Harbert. No more high fives walking off the field. No more high fives. I feel like that's gonna hurt the team. I don't know.


I Say it helps his hand, but you gotta give a guy a high five every now and then. Can we Go left hand? Maybe Fist bump. Fist bump Trent D for fist bumps his players all the time. Yeah, That's true. I, yeah, I don't know. I I that I saw that and I was like, okay, we're really going. It's just Harbaugh's going crazy. I Love it. I think Harbaugh's gonna have like seven or eight different things that he's gonna come up with. Yeah. Like small little details that he's gonna change the rules on this year. I don't know if you're Harbaugh like human body craves contact, let your quarterback high five somebody. Yeah. What If they just start kissing their boys? Oh, a little smooch coming on. Yeah. I like that coming. The sideline. Little smooch. I like that a lot. The, the mo the first European football team. I, I, yeah.


I think this game is gonna be gross though because I think the Steelers defense is legit. Legit. And this is a game where the Chargers, you know, they've run the ball very well. But it's a Greg Roman offense. Obviously Tomlin knows it 'cause he was with the Ravens. I don't know if they'll be able to pass it on the Steelers. And then the Steelers, Justin Fields, he's, he's done enough to not make a mistake, but it hasn't been an explosive offense. They don't have a ton of weapons. So I think we're gonna get one of those, you know, maybe 12, 10 type of games. That Would be classic. Yeah. And I bet both coaches would love that. Yeah. Tomlin also said he was talking about the Russ V just thing that he's got going on.


He says we're ready in a plan that features Justin and his readiness. Mm. Which is a great Tomlin is right there. Yeah. Like the readiness factor for Justin is higher than it is for for Russ right now. And then I saw a couple articles, quarterbacks get injured. You start to talk about which teams have a luxury at the quarterback situation. I saw a couple saying like what if the, what if the Dolphins traded for Russ Wilson? Mm. That would be a great move. Probably by the, by the Steelers, right? I was gonna say not for the Dolphins. Yeah. You sign, you signed Russ Wilson for basically nothing. Yeah. But The dolphins and then you can trade them. You just don't have a quarterback. So you don't have a quarterback anymore. Yeah, yeah. Alright. Bears and cults.


I think this is the Weak Boys. I think this is the weak. I think the bears are gonna run it down This floor. Yeah. Your face. This is where the podcast listeners are gonna be like, they just pick on Hank. He just went like this. Like that. Do that one more time. Do it one more time. No, no. You do it one more time. Yeah, that's what he did. That's the face he made when I just said that I, that's probably the same face. A lot of people listening to the podcast made. The Colts defense is very bad. They give up the most rushing yards. They have divorce Buckner's now out. You call Divorce Buckner. Divorce Buckner's out. He's Never won a ring. The, the secondary is banged up a little bit. I think this is the week that the offense looks good.


I think the Bears are gonna win. Obviously this is a very important game for me in terms of discourse because if Anthony Richardson, outplays Caleb Williams, I'm gonna be in trouble. Anthony Richardson does have, I think he has 49% completion percentage. I know there's been some drops, but he does have the best offensive line in the NFL. Yeah. So, so he's got a ton of time. His offensive line is playing really, really well right now. So that makes all his like, you know, the interceptions and, and the low completion percentage makes it stand out a little bit more. Yeah. He played so bad against the Packers last week. He was very, very bad. Yeah, I do agree with you. I think the Bears are gonna run the ball down their throats because the indie run defense is terrible And, and the Titans and the Texans, I believe will go, will by the end of the season, we'll both be top 10 defenses.


The Colts will not. So I think this is one of those situations where your first two weeks you're playing really, really good defenses. Now you take a big step down and things just work easier. I think the offensive line will block better. Darnell Wright has been really, really good. He was really, really bad against the Texans. I don't think that's gonna happen again. I just think everything's gonna look a lot better. The Defense for the Bears has been awesome in the second half too. I think they've only allowed three points. Three points in the second half this year. Yeah. And that was just kind me. Fair Bend, fair barn. Like 75 yard field goal Play too high. Yeah, play too high safety. It's because Anthony Richardson, the reason I like watching him play is because he's electric when he runs with the ball and he takes mega shots.


Downfield. Yeah. He's mega man at quarterback. He only goes downfield, which explains why his completion percentage is lower. But he's not taking what the defense gives him. Yeah. I also just wanna say this game, the Bears win this game, everything is on path. Everything looks good because there's been a lot of panicking. I actually don't think Bears fans are panicking. I think it's more just the Hanks of the world, the, you know, Colin Cowards just trying to, trying to force panic on us. Very similar. Yeah. Very similar. I don't have to force panic on you at all. The bears were one and one. You're panicked. The bears were one and one. Before the season. I had the Texans as a loss. Yeah. Like I, when we did the schedule, I was like, we're gonna lose to the Texans. Yeah. Hank, you do force the, You force paniced you with questions and face, You apply pressure.


I do have one question. Okay. Here it Is. Roman doe's Dad. Yeah, I saw it. He shared a clip on Twitter of it's fine. He's just watching tape wide open. The end zone You want, don't you want family members watching tape? Yeah. Worked that will for ell. Yeah. It's, I want my, I want my, I want it. It takes a village. Yeah. Watch tape. Not publicly post. He's create discourse against your quarterback, your and your son Tape. Hank Watching tape. He also, Are you gonna, are you gonna tell the full story? I'm gonna Ask a question's. Full story. I'm gonna ask a question to Hank. Well, hold on. But he also posted a clip that is ba that basically said Romo. Dunay runs a great route. But Caleb Williams gets pressured so fast. He has no chance.


Okay, so you Didn't mention that. Did you, did you read the headline of Romo Dee's dad's breakdown? I didn't see, I watched the clip he posted. I didn't see the other clip he Posted. Okay. Did he post a clip of Roman Duney dropping a touchdown catch? I don't think so. Okay, so Simon as Well. So maybe K Williams that should post that. Max What about the reports of DJ Moore liking Justin Fields better? DJ Moore did like Justin Fields better. DJ Moore apologized for his body language on Sunday night, which I thought was bad. Like DJ Moore, he stop running routes. DJ Moore is, He also said that thing to Tyson Badgett that no one really knows what he said. But some people are saying have, Have report what he say. Oh, wait reports. Lip reading experts, lipread experts, experts. We need you out here to Tyson bat.


No, DJ Moore. I think tj, that's crazy. You don't try to put panic pocket. That's crazy. DJ Moore is, has to, he just got paid. He's a number one. He's on a team with a rookie quarterback, a rookie wide receiver, an offensive line that's been struggling. DJ Moore has to step up and be a leader. And I think that, that, that was a moment where he realizes his body language and the way he reacted was probably not great. He admitted that in, in press media this week, DJ Moore is going to be a lot better. And this is gonna be different. I'm watching the clip right now. There's No panicking. DJ Moore walking down the sideline. It, it looks like he might say, dog, I need you to Tyson be No, he was saying, he was saying, dog, that was a sick throw.


And Caleb Williams is gonna go off against the cults. He might have also said that. Yeah, I'm not sure. Basically, here's what it comes down to when it comes to lip reading videos. Whatever you say in the caption is what he said. I will believe that. Yeah. I'm highly suggestible to, to believing what people say in that. Now. I'm not panicking. I just realized though, I am literally, I've been going like this, this entire segment, so I'm not panicking. I wouldn't panic. I'm not, I think Caleb will be fine. Who sits, who was say, who was talking about panicking? I Mean, I mean, the Funniest, come on guys. The funniest result for this podcast. Those fucking funny, you're funny Would be if, if the Bears beat the Colts, oh, but they ran for like four touchdowns and Caleb didn't throw a touchdown. I Wouldn't give a fuck. I want win games.


Actually. I want the Bears to go on a huge winning streak. And for some reason, Caleb, just to not throw a touchdown. He can have as many yards as he wants. Yeah. Just to watch that discourse build up. Fine. Love it. Max, another question again, you guys, you guys are, you guys know how to, you're funny. You guys are really funny. The panicking stuff and everything You say, you say that you just want the Bears to win. What if there's le what if K Williams throw throws for 375, 4 touchdowns, but they lose off of like, special teams turnovers. Like something fluky like that. But ca but Caleb Williams goes 3 75, 4 touchdowns, or We did this last week. Yeah.


I'd consider taking that this week. You would Definitely Take that. I'd consider, I said I'd consider taking that this week. What if he throws for 300 yards, four touchdowns? The bears lose. Torry Taylor gets injured. But Anthony Richardson throws for 400 yards in five touchdowns. I do not want that. I'm gonna, it's, it's just football guys. Come on. There's more things to life. Alright. No one wants the bears to be better than me. No, you, you're a liar. You're a liar and you lie. No, we have a, people forget that for this week too. Yeah. The combined age for Caleb Williams. 44. Yeah. Five years younger than the starting quarterbacks in Utah, Oklahoma State. Yeah.


Fun Caleb. I Mentioned that. That's great. Yeah. It's, it's, people forget that. I've seen it everywhere. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Giants and Browns. Gross. Is Conlin gonna play if he plays then? I think I like the Browns. I I kind of want to bet on the, the Giants this week. Ugh. I know. I don't hate it. I know it's gross. But this, there's too Gross bets out there. I there's a, there's more than two. There's more than two. I mean, the Panthers will get to that one's for sure. I do think that if the Giants lose this game, the Brian Day Bowl hot seat. It's officially, it's hot. So I want to take the Giants in this game. I am worried about Daniel Jones against the Blitz.


You saw it week one against Brian Flores defense. Jim Schwartz is gonna do something similar like Daniel Jones played. Okay. Against the Commanders. 'cause their defense can't do the things that the Browns defense and the Vikings defense can do. Like play defense. Play defense. Yeah. That I saw a very funny stat, I believe. Wait, was it, oh, I think Daniel Jones was the only NFC East's quarterback. Oh no, nevermind. I don't have the stat. They were the only team to, oh no, I have the stat. The commanders were the only team in week two. NF C'S team in week two did not score a touchdown. They were also the only nfcs team to win.


Interesting. Yes. That's pretty cool. The Giants, I said it, I said the stat in the inverse way on, on Monday's show. But the Giants were the first team in NFL history to lose a game where they scored three touchdowns. Yeah. And their opponent didn't score a single touchdown. a touchdown. That's never happened before. Yeah. Did you know that Amari Cooper's 30 years old? That seems right. Oh, I thought he was older. No, that seems About right. He's just been around for a while. Yeah, That seems About right. I feel like we've seen him for, for a long time. Yeah. I think I like the Giants this week. I know it's stupid. I know there's really no, no reason to love the Giants, but, but I do. There's a couple. Yeah. The Giants are definitely in the Catching Catcher Falling Knife team category where it's like, I like that You're gonna, you're gonna do it eventually.


Yeah. you know, Just hope you time it Well. You think, you think Dbol brought in a, a, a clip of the Saquon Barkley drop and showed it to Mr. Mera. I was like, look, He might've you missed that. He's a loser. He's a losing a, a losing player. He's a losing, running back. Shout Out to Giants. That actually was probably their, that was their win first win of the season. Yes. It Was huge with Saquon dropping that giant was Giants fans were celebrating heavily Mr. Me got his first night of sleep this season. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yeah. This is a gross game. I don't know what to do with it. I think that this is one of those games too. You have 'em every Sunday where you can point to it and be like, whatever I choose, I'm gonna be wrong. Yeah. Yeah. So Eagles at Saints Max, Max, are we overreacting to the Saints or overreacting to the Eagles?


Neither. Okay. So we're correct about both. Yeah. So the line, so We've saying that the Saints are great and that the Eagles stink. The Line would say we're overreacting to the Saints and overreacting to the Eagles Neither. Okay. Okay. I'm worried for you Max without AJ Brown. Oh yeah. He's, he's the guy that you need to beat the Saints defense and he's not there. Also, max, would you like to comment on the fact that Reed Blankenship said after the game, we're a player led team. At the end of the day, we know what we need. What we did is on us. So they don't need coaches in Philadelphia is pretty much what he said.


Are you're talking about how Jalen Hertz did all of the No, No. How, how Reed Blankenship said we're a player led team. Yeah. Where's memes? He's coming. I, I don't, I don't Know. We don't know where memes is. He Said he is. He said he is coming. Wait, I didn't even realize memes wasn't back there. Hey, pug. P Alright. Pugs here. He's the Eagles fan. Pug What. do you think about the, the comment that Reed Blanketship made about Jalen Hertz saying he talked to the team after and said we're a player led team at the end of the day. So they don't even need coaches. Yeah. They are a player led team. It's, it's True. So, no. So do they not need coaches? Just coordinators. Just coordinators.


They need just Coordinators. No head coach. Okay. So just get rid of serious. I'm gonna take Over from p again, I didn't love what he just said there. We do need coaches. Coaches, coaches are good coaches are, you know, they're not talented right now. Are, but you need them. Wait, the Coaches lack talent. They're Talented right now. Talent's not something you can just, like, It doesn't go up and down. No. Yeah, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not a hot and cold thing. It's not good. I've already either have it or don't given my, my report card on the Eagles coaches. But Max are, are you saying that the coaches lack talent Right now? Just right now? Lack, Yeah. They're not talented at being coaches currently. Just Currently. But things can change. So it's A coaching issue for the coaches.


Correct. They need to get more talent out of themselves. Correct. But I also like your leaders stepping up and being leaders. Right. So like Jalen Hurtz, the, the report was after the game, Jalen Hurtz took over the locker room and he was the one that spoke and Nick Ani didn't say anything. And then when asked about it later, he goes, Jalen Hurtz had everything that I needed that I needed to say. Well, that would've been funny if Jalen Hertz was talking and because Nick Siri is so Italian, he was just doing sign language in Italian. I also Say this, I also think the players may respect Jalen Hertz more than Nick Siri. Oh, you think So? I kind, So I don't hate Jalen Hurtz taking over that role of motivating the players because So you don't have a coach?


No, he is not very good. No. You, you don't have a coach. We have Ja we have Jalen Hertz great leader. Okay. And coach. So Who makes up the game plan? Yeah, that could be the coach who sets the schedule. That could be the co wait sets the schedule. That's the NFL? No, like the Practice. Like, all right, this is what we're gonna do. No, the actual schedule of like, all this is when we're gonna leave Practice tomorrow at eight O'clock. But like I'm saying, you know, motivation, you know that that's, That's all on Jalen. So what, what did it, what would it be that you would say Nick Sirianni does? I I told you we're not, they're not overreacting about the Eagles, right? No, I, this is not an overreaction. What I'm saying, Just like I'm not panicking. You're not overreacting.


No, no, no. I'm saying that the, they're right about their overreaction to the Eagles. Oh, okay. What is so Like, it's not an over Just, oh, they're just, just, it's fair, It's fair reaction. Right. So it sounds like they've been having players only meetings this entire time. No, they ha I think that it started after, it's Kinda just like a cuck chair situation. They're having players only situ meetings. But Nick Siri's Sitting there, he's watching. Yeah. Nick Siri definitely thinks he's on a text chain with all of his offense and they're on a side text chain. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. Listen, So you don't have a coach. It's not good. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not over here telling you, trying to convince you that it's good. It's bad. Also, I watched, I got, I got into the, got into the film room a little bit.


Okay. I did too. I watched the all 22 of Caleb. Not that bad. I watched, I didn't watch the all 22. I watched one thread of a guy, of a guy who watched the all 22. Okay, Nice. The D line is so much worse than you could possibly imagine. Yeah, it's, it's really bad. They're averaging, I think they have the worst run defense in the NFL. I have a pic. I I have, I have, I have a solution for you. I have a guy. I have something. Okay. What you go, I have a guy that you guys can get, he was first in pressure rate in 2022 and third in rate in 2023. And you can have him, do you want him Aaron Donald? No, his name's Bryce Hoff. Oh no, he sucks. He Was, he was first impression rate two years ago, third last year.


And so far through two weeks he's tied for 146. Yeah. So this is what happened. I wanna, He has, he has, you know what his stats are this year? He has one stat. Can you guess what it is? A combined tackle. He has one assisted tackle. Yeah. Yes. He's, he has a 67% missed tackle rate. Oh, That's not good. He, Well, no, hold on. 33% of the time he's tackling someone. Yeah. He Has Zero tackling, Zero Hurs zeros. 33% of the time he's getting 50% of a tackle. Also. This is the worst part of it all. Oh, there's, oh, there's more. This is what I'm, this is what I found through the tape. The Falcon's game plan was to stop jail and Carter no matter what.


So they were doubling the tackle and the guard on Jalen Carter every play and going one-on-one with a tight end in Bryce Hoff. Mm. That's not good. That's Bad. so if you Put like, and he wasn't getting any Pressure. One on zero pressure, one-on-One tight end. Wow. Wow. Mm. I only saw a couple plays because I, like I said, it was, it was a thread. It was a thread. Right. But that, that's what that thread Told me. What about another player Max that might be available? He hasn't played this year? Aaron Donald. No, he hasn't played this year. But he knows the system even though, like he, he knows the town. He knows the fans. Fletcher Cox. He doesn't mind getting booed. No, he, he's, it's not Fletcher Cox. Chris Long. No.


Nom Dimo? No. His name is Hassan Reddick. No. Yeah. I mean, I already, you you heard me try to make that trade. Yeah. The trade was actually executed, I believe. Yeah. I don't think it was ever executed. He wanted a second. He wanted a second. I would only give him a third. Yeah. So the bad news is for the Eagles, you're playing against the best offense in the NFL. I know it's only through two weeks. Yeah. But it's, it's a record setting offense through two weeks and it's not really a good position for a get right game. Yeah. You guys, you guys would absolutely love to go up against like a bottom tier offense right now, just To feel better. I don't like, I don't like the Eagles winning this Game. I I, I, I bel I I believe in the Saints I and I don't believe in the Eagle. Yeah. The, the pa I be, the past rush is just the D line is gonna ruin the is is and no, AJ Brown.


No, I, I don't, I don't feel good about this game At all. And Nick Cii making decisions of any kind. Yeah. He just needs to be, he, he's And. we say it all the time when we like, defend Dan Campbell. Just have some consistency. Nick Ciani, you know, well, you go for it. You, you fourth three go, you go for it in the first half. You don't go forward at the end of the game. What are you doing? Agreed. Just have consistency. Stick to a plan. Just be like, this is the way we're gonna run this operation and we're gonna do it this way. And that's what we're doing. But yeah, I, yeah, I think the Saints are, I think the Saints are for real. I know they, one of their two games, half of their sample size is against the Panthers.


But I still, I like the Saints. I think they're flying around on defense too. That's the part that's a little surprising to me. And the offense looks, it's, it's different. It's different from the Saints offenses that we've seen in the past. It's more, there's more complications, there's more motion. So it puts a lot of pressure on the defense and just don't run the defense. Do you think we gave the Saints coach a little bulletin board when we, when we picked him last in the, I can still can't remember his name, But Dennis Allen. Dennis Allen. When we, when he was the last overall pick in our coaches draft. No, I think he's used to it by Now. No. And I don't, I don't really attribute any of the start for the Saints on Dennis Allen. Okay. He doesn't get Into credit. It's Clin Kubiak. Yeah. There's another Kubiak. Yeah, I know he's got a brother. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah.


Alright. That was fun. Alright, we got two more early games. Broncos at Bucks. So this is a gross one. Hank, I think I might take the Broncos. That is a gross one. I I saw that. Was it six and a half? It's six and a half. So my, my thought process is it's A sucker line. I thought about it too though. The Broncos have played the Seahawks on the road week one with Bo Nicks and then they played a very good Steelers defense. I think the Bucks defense obviously super banged up. Baker's been phenomenal. I do think B is probably playing a little bit above where he's gonna end up average wise. So I, yeah, I, I don't know.


I I also, it's, it's gross for every single reason because do you know the record for the Broncos in the last eight games? Last eight games? One and seven No. Oh and eight. The, they sh oh and eight is actually partially correct. They're two and six. They're two wins. Were both against Easton Stick. Okay. So yeah. Pretty much. Oh and eight. Yeah. We also had Sean Peyton said after the game on Sunday, we have to start really looking at who we are asking to do what, what scheme fits our players, what scheme fits our quarterback. It's your quarterback and your scheme. Sean, that's yours. Yeah. You should, you, Who are you asking?


You should have asked that question before the draft. You should have asked that question before the draft mini camp training camp preseason week one. You shouldn't be asking the question. Now. He's gonna try to figure it out in as many ways possible. So we talked about using more RPOs Yeah. Against him. He's just gonna throw a lot of shit at the wall. See what sticks. The One thing I will say that's good for the Broncos is Sean Peyton knows the division. Yeah. He, he knows the Bucks pretty well. That's true. He's got one really good player on defense and Patrick Ctan. Yep. And I don't know if you stick him on Mike Evans for the whole game. That means that Chris Godwin's just gonna eat you alive because Chris Godwin's been playing really well this year. Yeah, They did. The lions just weren't covering him. I, again, this is gross. I just think that the Bucks, it's, it's pretty much the NFL.


You're never as bad as you, as everyone thinks you are. You're never as good as everyone thinks you are. Everyone thinks the bucks are incredible. Everyone thinks the Broncos are are the worst. It's gotta be somewhere closer to the middle. Yeah, Probably. But I mean, I see this could all be wrong. I see six and a half. Yeah. And I just, I want to take it, but I imagine, again, this is one of those blinking red light situations where it's like, if I love a bet that much, you probably should not take it. Yeah. I just think Bo Nicks might be a little bit better because Sean Peyton might actually start thinking about his quarterback in the scheme. So It's like with Bo Nicks, they might do kind of what the, the Falcons had to do at the end of the game with Kirk Cousins, which is just go out there like make, build the entire offense out of your two minute drill. Yeah. That's what I wanted them to do with Justin Fields forever. Yeah. Just let 'em just go out there and sling it.


Okay. Speaking of another stinky one, Packers at Titans, Malik Willis. So we're doing the Jordan Love Fake. He's gonna play thing. I don't think Jordan love's gonna play. He was in practice, but I don't think he's gonna play. There's, there's no reason for the Packers to risk playing him this week. What they're doing, I think is essentially a play action fake before the game. Yeah. It's part of Matt Lale strategy. Yeah. They're like, get ready for the pass. We're gonna pass it and then Malik's gonna play and we're just gonna run the ball again. They have, they've already, the Malik Willis era in Green Bay is already a success. 'cause when Jordan Love went down in the first week of the season and you said, Hey, he's gonna miss, you know, whatever, three to four games.


If you're a Packer fan, if you're in the Packers organization, you're like, if we can eek out one or two wins in this stretch, we're good. So they have the Vikings next week, which will be big for the NFC North. And why would you play Malik Willis? Or sorry, why would you play Jordan Love against a very good defense in the Titans? I think it's all smoke screens. I think it's Malik Willis again, I also like the Titans Malik Willis revenge game. But not really because of that quote Did, he did say I could care less. Yeah. I think I got paid the whole time I was there. Yeah. Which is, that's a good way to look at it. He's got perspective. Yeah. He, he said, shout out Miss Amy, which I love whenever they call Miss Amy on Miss Amy, the owner of the Titans. Yeah. No, I, I kind of would want my quarterback to be a little more like, yeah, it's a fucking revenge game.


Yeah. Fuck yeah, it is. Yeah. But again, if Malik Willis was like, yes, it's revenge game, then he goes in there and he wants to do too much Malik Willis. Yeah. Like last week, the Packers dialed down the Malik Willis level to like 0.5 outta 10 and they won the football game. If you crank that knob up and you're like, we're going seven outta 10 Malik Willis, that's when he starts to do Malik Willis things. Yes. I, I, so here's, here's my case for the Titans. Their first two games went basically exactly the same where their defense balled out, they got a punt blocked and Will Eve had a horrendous turnover that fucked 'em. One was a pick six against the Bears, the other was fumble backwards on the six yard line going in.


I'm doing visualization. There's been a lot of talk, you know, Brian Callahan motherfucking Will Levis Will Levi actually saying, yeah, of course he motherfuck me. I'm an idiot. I was motherfucking myself. I think this is going to be a four o'clock or three 30 central time, whatever, four 30 central time. The picture is, will Levi and Brian Callahan arm in arm smiling? We finally got a win. We did it. Everything's working. That's, that's just my visualization for this game. And, it Sounds, it sounds like a daydream. It, It might be a daydream. I also have a stat for you that's pretty remarkable. The, from CBS research, the Titans are oh and two, despite allowing the fewest total yards in the NFL.


So the last time that happened that a team started oh and two, with allowing the fewest total yards in the NFL through two weeks was the 1994 Cardinals who actually started oh and three and ended up finishing eight and eight. So my point behind all that is the Titans are probably better than their oh and two record. They, they'll be in some of these games. They were in both their games. Yeah. And, and listen, some of those, some of those yards came on turnovers that were deep in your opponent's territory. Right. So tho that's, that's not doing any favors. And, And again, Malik Willis, that was a phenomenal game plan against the Cols. Matt LeFlore iss a really, really good coach. I expected that outta Matt LeFlore. He threw some wrinkles, he played to their strengths. I just think this Titans defense is different than the cols defense, where you're not gonna be able to run the ball like you did.


And Malik Willis is gonna be pressured in a way that the Colts weren't able to pressure. Are you a little bit worried that the Packers have fixed their defense? They might've fixed a little bit of their defense. Jeff Leys. Yeah. So They, they didn't. So why he went from a head coaching job in college to defensive coordinator. Yeah. They didn't turn the ball over last year on defense. And now I think they lead the league in interceptions. They Did play Jalen Hertz and Anthony Richardson. That's true. Yeah, that's true. you know, but no, they're, you're gonna lump Jalen in with Anthony For turnovers. Okay. Okay. The, I no, the Packers defense is good. I think the Packers are a good team and it's, it's, I expected 'em to win last week. Like, like I said, this is how good organizations run.


You lose your quarterback and they still find a way to tread water. I just, I'm, I'm buying the Titans. It's stupid. They'll probably end up losing by seven somehow lead the game all game and lose by seven. But I'm gonna do it. I don't hate it. I don't hate it. And I, in fact, I like betting on teams that look really, really bad against teams that just look really, really good. Right. It's a good formula. Right. And, and the Titans defense is very, very good. And because of their oh and two record, I think they're getting overlooked a little bit. Okay. Before we do the afternoon games, guess what goes with football? PardonMyTake My cheese steak football is back in full gear and ordering PardonMyTake my cheese steak for your game day meal or late Night Eats is the best play call you can make. PardonMyTake my cheese steak brings you awesome cheese steaks loaded, fries delivered right to your doorstep.


And, we will be offering free delivery throughout the entire football season. Take your pick of delicious cheese steaks made with fresh thinly sliced steak, melted provolone mouth water and cheese sauce and caramelized onions On a toasted hogie roll, we have classic cheese steaks, Chipotle chicken cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, excuse me, buffalo cheese steaks, buffalo chicken cheese steaks. You can order the popular Big Cat combo. Get your cheese steak of choice, fries and a drink. Find a PardonMyTake, my cheese steak near you. And order yours now at PardonMyTake my cheeses steak.com. Use code AW L for free delivery. Okay. Afternoon sleep boys. Some good ones.


Not a great one, but let's talk about it. Panthers at Raiders. Yeah. Stinky. We didn't mention, by the way, we should have mentioned that we should have predicted on Sunday night that Bryce Young was a hundred percent gonna lose his job because Dave Canals did say, Bryce Young is our quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. And you say, and 24 hours later, he was like, just kidding. Andy Dalton's our quarterback. There's no better sign of a quarterback not being a quarterback anymore than saying Bryce Young is our quarterback. The old lovey Rex, our quarterback now that's just, that's, that's the death nail for a quarterback. He might have just said, Bryce Young is a quarterback. He is Quarter. And everyone thought that he said r Yeah. Yeah. There's Reports that Bryce Young was pissed. Well, of course he's pissed.


He's probably pissed at himself. Yeah, he's probably embarrassed. Yeah. I mean it's, it's been, it's been pretty embarrassing what he's put on tape for the last season in two games. It's really, really crazy to think that they went this entire off season, didn't play him in the preseason except for like one drive. And then they're like, okay, I think we're good to go with Bryce. So yeah, you can say, I think two things are true. I think you can say the organization failed him. Yes. And you can also say that Bryce doesn't look like he's very good at playing quarterback at the NFL level on his own. Right. It's also very apparent the organization failed him in the fact that there are two Panthers quarterbacks who are leading the league in touchdowns. Yeah. And then another guy that the Panthers could have had Yeah.


That hasn't thrown an interception yet. Yeah. Baker Mayfield and Sam Darnell being Ex Panthers. And that picture being like, yeah, this is what happened. So I, I do feel bad for Bryce. I do think they're live in this game 'cause of Andy. Yeah. So all of his teammates have to be feeling like a little bit better that they have a quarterback that can go out there and maybe com complete a pass. Like Adam Thelan has to be every play, he has to be like running a little bit harder. The offensive line has to be playing like a tiny bit harder because they think that they have a chance. Those guys know, they know in the locker room who gives 'em the best chance to win. And it's Andy Dalton. Andy Dalton did play last year for the Panthers. Remember he had that. It's a dinosaur though. But he had that game against the Seahawks where he threw for like 300 plus yards.


He's still got the red rifle arm. He's still good. So Are you gonna do it? I think I'm gonna bet them plus five. I don't money line is Okay. Seems crazy here. Here's something that might help. They're so bad the Raiders have not, but the line stinks. The Raiders have not been able to run the ball. So the Raiders are averaging two and a half yards per carry for 39 rushes. The Panthers, your strategy of betting run, running back to score against the Panthers has worked well this year. Yeah. I don't know if I'm gonna do it this week. Well, That I don't know if the Raiders can run the ball. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like Alexander Madison, he's got two touchdowns, but they, he hasn't been good at all really. Like Yeah. Or he hasn't been productive at all is a better way to put it. He scored the Raiders had, there's a Pass.


Yeah. Mixed bag. But I, I don't love the idea of the, the Panthers defense getting carved up. We also have Gardner Minchi might've found his swag back. I think he's leading the league in, in completion percentage. But do you remember the clip of Max Crosby going and talking to Gardner Michu on the sideline during the Ravens game? So Max Crosby, or sorry, Gardner Michu said what he wa was told by Max Crosby. He said, he grabbed me and just said, Hey, we got your back dude. We need that Washington State gardener. We need that. And Gardner said, man, you're right dude. Let me see if I can go whip that up real quick. Love that. He whipped, he whipped up the cougar. He's just like, let me whip that gardener up real quick.


I like That And it fucking great quote. I mean that's, that's the best gardener. Yeah. The best gardener is when he is showing up for games wearing like a bomber jacket in the aviators. Yeah. He's just, lemme whip that up. He's just in fucking mode. Southern Rock gardener is the absolute best. I I think I would take, I would take Gardner Wi Minsu if he said I'm gonna whip that up. Anything Yeah. Anything that he whips up. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm Buying if he, if he's whipping, I'm getting whipped. Yeah, yeah, let's do it. Brock Bowers has looked awesome. Awesome. He's looked awesome. They have exact opposite hair. Brock Bowers and Gardner Menchu. Yeah. There's definitely some jealousy going on that. Oh, For sure. I think Brock Bowers has the most receiving yards in the first two games in NFL history for any rookie who for a tight end he surpassed Mike Ditka. Ooh, how about that? How about that?


Gronk said that Brock Bowers is next up. He anointed him Ben Gronk, which Gronk it's gotta be so awesome to be Gronk just being like, yeah, I was the best ever. Because he said like, he's he, he could be on my tier. I like that. But the thing is like if Gronk tried to do, if, if he played in Vegas, I don't think that would've worked out. No, that would not have early Gronk. No chance. Yeah. I I don't know. I I'm gonna, it's gonna be a Gametime decision whether I take the Panthers probably stupid. We also have a little, a little reunion between Andy Dalton and Marvin Lewis. Ooh. Get the gang back together. Ooh. Maybe some tears. Marv, I, my visualization is giant post-game hug between Andy Dalton and Marvin Lewis after this game.


I don't know who's gonna win, who's gonna be happier in that hug, but they're gonna hug the shit out of each Other. Seems like two guys that don't, they can't have bad blood. Yeah. They're just two nice guys. You can't hate like the, the stuff that they accomplished for the Bengals was remarkable given the history of the Bengals. Yeah. No playoff wins, but still Remarkable. No playoff wins. But they went to the playoffs a lot. Always on Saturday at, at noon against The Texans. Yep. Okay. Next up Dolphins at Seahawks. So it's Skylar Thompson time. I was trying to talk, by the way, I think the Seahawks are very good. I think Gino is very good. I think the Seahawks are very good. If Kenneth Walker can get healthy, I think that's a complete team. The Dolphins, Skylar Thompson's gonna start.


They are saying every, they're saying all the right things that Mike McDaniel said. Skylar Thompson's a new man. He said, when you're watching in 2024, it might be the same name on the jersey, but you're seeing a different man. I was trying to get myself to be like, maybe I'll bet on the Dolphins. And then I kept on hitting a, a wall and I was trying to figure out what's that wall and I found it. Skylar Thompson wearing number 19 is terrible. That's a bad quarterback name number. It's Johnny Unit United and nothing else. Yeah, You can't, yeah. Number 19. It's a good backup quarterback number if he never gets on the field. But the steps on the field, it's a, it's a just warning sign that this is a very backup quarterback. It's, it's not only a bad, so I think they should never have a quarterback.


Num number 19, since John Unit United like don't, don't do it. That was John Unit United's number. I was looking up who else wore number 19? Joe Montana did, but with the Chiefs. Okay. So that's kind of indicative of it. Also, fun fact, there are three numbers, sorry, four numbers, including 19 that a starting quarterback has never won a Super Bowl with. Number one. Number two, cam Newton and Matt Ryan came close and number six. So 1, 2, 6 19 Cutler, who else was six? I don't know. Probably some other non quarter Super Bowl winning quarterbacks. Yeah. Mark Sanchez. Yeah. Number six is not. And then, then, and then, so I went even deeper and I tried to find top 10 players.


Number 19. And this is, this just further proves that you should not wear number 19 because Johnny Unitas was obviously number one. They had Joe Montana eight because he was, it was chief's. Joe Montana. Do you wanna know who number five was? This is why number 19 does not work. This is the fifth best according to just a random website, which obviously doesn't really matter. Okay. The fifth best player to wear number 19. There's no chance I can guess this Juju Smith Schuster. Okay. According to this. Yeah, I mean it's a bad number. It's a bad, it's a I saw It. I was like what the fuck? He had a one good year in Pittsburgh. Yeah. I mean it also, the list doesn't really make sense. 'cause like Amari Cooper's number nine, Ted Giin Jr. Who is better than Juju was number seven. Adam Thilan also better than Juju six.


But I just laughed at seeing that. Yeah, that's good. And being like, what the fuck? That's Wildly disrespectful of Ted Giin. Yeah. Yeah. It was Johnny Unitas. Lance Allworth Keyshawn. Bernie Kosar Juju. Yeah. It's not good. Not five number number 19. If ideally, if you had to just draw it up and say my starting quarterback on my franchise will wear this number. What number would that be? What's, what's the best quarterback number? Visually? Okay. 12. I think It's 12 is pretty Good. Okay. I think it's, I think it's three numbers. I think it's S 12, 18. I Kind like 17 too. Okay. 17 looks pretty good. I Think 7, 12, 18. And then Mahomes is gonna make 15 Mahomes and Tebo. Yeah. Yeah. Those are, those are the nu when you think quarterback numbers, I'm like 7, 12, 18, 12, 17 and five.


I like five a lot. Five Five's a good number. Five's a good number. Yeah. Five's a decent number. But yeah, that's, that was my whole Skylar Thompson. He's wearing number 19. I don't, 19 is Oh, oh. Is your fourth wide receiver and awesome punt returner 19 is the guy that showed up late on the day. They handed out the jerseys. Right. And he's wearing one that doesn't even fit him. It's Just not a good, Can I give you a counter stat to that? Yeah. So this might be a reason to bet on the Dolphins. Okay. They're eight and oh with Kevin Harlan announcing their games since 2022. Oh wow. And this is gonna be Harlan game. Okay. So go. Perfect. Nine and oh nine and oh, they have the opportunity to go perfect on this Harlan game.


Yeah, I like that. Didn't Frank the tank say that they never win when Kevin Harlan calls their games? That's A statistical fact. Yeah. So, but the counter statistic would be that they're perfect in the last two years with with him on the call. Yeah. So I, I don't know which one's right, if Frank's right or if the numbers are right, I'm gonna Say the numbers are Probably right. I think Frank might be right. Yeah. Okay. Let's go with Lions of Cardinals. So big news outta Detroit, Dan Campbell had to sell his house because Lions fans found the address that sucks. I would assume that would happen more frequently. Right? Like the word gets out. He said the, he loves the neighborhood. Everything. There's plenty of space.


It's on two acres. The home is beautiful. It's just that people figured out where we lived when we lost. So what were they doing? I don't know. I mean, you could, that's a little dramatic. Your psycho, if you go after Dan Campbell, come on. I hope it wasn't just after this loss. Like I feel like people know where people Live. Yeah. But that, it's not that crazy. But he sold his house, so he's gotta be thinking about that. He's gotta move. I mean, moving sucks. Yeah, it does stink. Maybe he's just, maybe that's a little smokescreen. Might be. Yeah. If you just say that you're moving. Yeah. And then people assume Put up a sign. Yeah. Put up a sign. Put up the sold on it. Yeah. Hire like a U-Haul just to park in the driveway for a couple days. I think that loss to the Bucks was the best thing that could happen to the lines because Jared Goff threw the ball 55 times, which is not what you want to do as the Lions when you have Jamir Gibbs and David Montgomery.


And if you wanna beat the Cardinals, the bills kinda of showed how to do it. Just run the ball, run the ball, run the ball. Play action. Josh making plays the, the game against the Rams was over in the first quarter because of Kyler Murray. I think the Lions are gonna get back to basics. I think they're gonna pound the rock. They're gonna get play action going. Arah has a leg injury, but I think he's gonna play, I think this was a good loss for the Lions that they got away from themselves a little bit. They tried to play a little bit too much into, oh, the buck secondaries banged up. Let's throw it all over them. And this one And it. you know, you, you read the quotes Dan Campbell saying we gotta get Sam La Porter more involved. I think this is a good spot for the lines. Yeah. So right now they have a split in the red zone on 31 Red Zone plays.


They've passed the ball 18 times. They've run it 13 times. So that's the second most pass attempts are by percentage in the NFL. Last year the lions ran the ball 58% of the time in the red zone and threw it 40%, 42%. So it's like Exactly flip flop. Yeah. From where it was last year. And Red Arizona's red zone defense stinks. Right. So it does feel like it's a get right game for the lions on that fall. It's, and and they like, sometimes you have these losses where you w wake up and you're like, what just happened? Why did we do what we did? We're the Detroit Lions. We have a formula. It works. Just go back to it. Yeah. Also, it's gonna be on the road. So Dan Campbell doesn't have to worry about people coming to his house. Yeah. He's gonna be gone. It's fun That this game is like, think about this game five years ago would've stunk.


Yeah. And it's fun. A fun game game. It's A fun game. If I were Dan Campbell, I would pro, I would just buy a farm. Just go live on a farm. Yeah. That's what you wanna do anyways. Live with the facility. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. You should be living in your office. Yeah. You should be living in your playbook right now. Dan. Do you guys, do you guys have any other thoughts on this game? I, I I, this is my fun watch game of the week. It's Nice. The, it's gonna be a good uniform matchup. Yep. Sneaky, good uniform. The, the uniforms and the colors. Yep. They scream points to me. Yep. Yep. Agreed. Late afternoon. Kylie Murray doing crazy shit. Marvin Harrison, he's arrived. Yeah. Fully arrived. It'd be funny if they didn't pass him the ball in non divisional matchups. Yeah. And just only against the NFC West. We're like, we're gonna unleash Marv.


Just He eat 'em. Eat 'em then. Okay. Ravens at Cowboys. Another fun game. The afternoon slate's. Great. So we've talked about kickers, we've talked about Justin Tucker. We sometimes accidentally do this on this show where we start a narrative and then weirdly we're right. And the numbers completely back it up. So NFL kickers through the first two weeks are 35 of 37 on 50 plus yard field goals. The only two misses. Justin Tucker. Yeah. He's Got two. So We nailed it. And we nailed it when you said that Justin Tucker's wash Too. Yeah. Well everyone else is kicking these insanely long field goals and doing it easily.


And Justin Tucker can't. Yeah. So it's a, it's a must win. I'm declaring it's a must win for the Ravens. I think so. If they lose, I think only one team since the year, 2000 since the expansion has made the playoffs after starting oh three And they're, they're out gaining their opponents. They are playing good football minus the penalties. It's just, they gotta win this game. IIII like the Ravens just because of purely sense of urgency. Yeah. And they've, they've lost two close games in the fourth quarter in two very different ways. The one against the chiefs, obviously week one was lost by like a toenail. And then the one against the Raiders was lost by just giving up an easy lead in the fourth quarter. Yeah. So they gotta get it right.


The Ravens have, it's a must win for 'em. I like the Ravens this week. Yeah. Do you know, here's a, here's a weird stat that would blow your mind If Mike McCarthy wins two more games this year, which I would assume he does, he will have broken the record for most wins by a cowboys coach in their first five years. So he would've beaten Jimmy Johnson. Which is, that's kind of funny. Yeah. It's kind of crazy. Does That include post, post-season? I don't think it includes post-season. It's because Jimmy Johnson inherited a terrible team and they won, won in 15 his first year. Yeah. But Mike McCarthy, he knows how to rack up wins. Yeah. In the, in the regular season. This, This does feel like a game that, that you can start to believe in the Cowboys and if they win. Yeah.


This is a believe game. It's a believe game. It's a Believe whoever wins this game, it's like Yep. They're a good team. You should be able to add the Ravens as a pinky team if they go oh three. 'cause at that point you actually wouldn't think that they would win the Super Bowl. Right. I'll consider it. Yeah. I'll consider itll consider it. You won't, not people that want me to cut off my Pink Ears. Quite unsettling. 49 ERs at Ramps Kitchen Sink Game. Ooh. I had this as a, in the lab game. Yeah. Same thing for Kyle. Yep. Kyle? No. Oh, I had it for Sean. Oh. I Had it for, I, so I think Kyle's gonna be in the lab. Oh. I think Sean's throwing the kitchen sink. So It's a kit kitchen sink. First lab game. Wow.


What's the more important room? I think Sean McVay's gonna do some fuck shit. I think Sean McVay's gonna do similar to what Matt LaFleur did last week, being like, we don't have anyone. Here's some crazy shit you've never seen before. I think It's a, it's a in the lab game for Kyle because one, he loves going to the lab against Sean. Yeah. And he loves beating them two. They're without Deebo and Christian McCaffery, Which Sean loves beating Kyle. Sean loves beating Kyle. I'm pretty sure Sean beats Kyle except for the NFC championship game or No, they beat him in the NFC championship game. Yeah. What's the Rams? I'm pretty sure Sean beats Kyle. We, this is an annual traditional Pardon My Take where we mix up who owns who in the NFC West. Sean McVay versus Kyle Shanahan.


What is the record? Upper Hand. Okay. They have upper hand. Yeah. All right. So it's 10, 10 and five. For who? For Shanahan. So Kyle owns Sean. Kyle owns Sean. Yeah. But Sean owns Kyle in the playoffs. Okay. He won the NFC Championship. He won, he won that NFC championship game. Yeah. But I, I know that Kyle loves beating the shit outta Sean McVey. He's very good at it. Yeah. And he's without Deebo. He's without Christian McCaffrey. Yep. And so HOA is back. Who's back? Hoang. Yeah. So what I think he's gonna do, this might be a juice check game. Ooh. Because he likes, if he can't have Deebo running the weird gadget shit, doing strange stuff outta the slot, he likes doing that with his fullback too. I I, I could see that happening.


I just, the reason why I like the Rams in this game is, and it's gross the way that game went on Sunday, they just, they, that game was over it almost. Basically afterwards, Sean Peyton or Sean McVay said, there's no positives to take away from this game. Yeah. Like, it just burned the tapes. He even his wife was doing a Instagram story that said Tough times don't last tough people do. She's a Razor Ramone fan. Yeah. I don't know. I think it should be tighter than we think. 'cause it feels like the Rams might be dead, but they got one more shot. Hey, let's throw everything at it kitchen sink. Aren't they getting one of their guys back there? They're getting some offensive line. The Guys back from his suspension, right? Yeah. And then Cooper Cup and Puka are both out.


Yeah. So the, the line might get one better guy back. I don't know. I I I guess this is gonna be a determination. Like what's better, A kitchen sink or the lab. Yeah. And I think Kyle's, I think he's got his mad scientist coat on this week. I love that. He's got the bifocals. Graduated cylinders. Beakers. I love that. Fon burners. All Right. So last game, chiefs of Falcons. We, we should have said Raheem Morris, all time coach having his players' back after Drake. London got the flag for doing the gun sis signal. He said Drake is a great kid. His intent was not as a use of weapon. He probably was shooting T-shirts into the stands, to be honest with you, because he's just that kind of guy. I Love that. That's a, that's a great Ben on I It's that's great. I I went back, I watched the all 22 on the celebration.


He was tapping the side of the gun. Yeah. He wasn't, he was showing tremendous trigger discipline. He was probably showing the safety's on Yeah. Yeah, exactly. His, his fingers were on the side of the gun and he was tapping it. It was not on the trigger. Yeah. So I, I guess in the woke, NFL you can't even shoot a gun in the crowd anymore. It's crazy. It's wild. It's crazy. I kind of like the Falcons. Did you also know to that the Falcons are giving away free hot dogs, free chips, free refillable drinks on Sunday night? I did not know that. It is for the induction of Arthur blank into the Ring of Honor. Which that's awesome. Don't really understand that. Because if you're the owner, why wouldn't you just put yourself in it right Away?


That's the best part about being an owner, is you can have a night commemorating yourself. Yeah. He's a, they, they have the souvenir cups. Who, besides that, I think Arthur Blank. Arthur Blank does. Yeah. So the, the souvenir cups just have a big picture of his face on it. I gotta get one of those cup Cups. And you get the free hot dog free chips, free refillable drinks. I, I every team should do their owner's night. Yeah. And then you should sell the cups. And I, I would collect all 32 owner's cups A celebration of Arthur. I don't think they can't lose on Arthur Blank Knight. No. He's gonna be on the sidelines the entire game for Arthur, The fan. The fans come to see Art. Yeah. So are they gonna retire his number? I guess So. Or his suit Just hanging. Yeah. They should hang a giant red suit cup his face. The velvet. Yeah. His Mustache Hang a Giant Home Depot banner at midfield.


I Just think the Chiefs are, even though they're two and Oh, they haven't looked incredible. They've survived two tough games. No Pacheco, No Pacheco, Carson Steele's gonna, and they also signed Cream Hunt. I just, yeah, I think the, I think the Falcons, that, that was one of those galvanizing wins. They might have. They might have gotten their groove Back. They kind of feel good about themselves. Although I do want, I wanna see a Carson Steel game. Yeah. I want for, for Crocky. The alligator. Yeah. They, they said, I saw a beat reporter said that someone on the Falcon said this was one of the biggest wins they've had or if not the biggest win in like the last five years, which I think it was Oh, for sure. Yeah. Easily the the best win they've had in the last five years. So This is a turning point. I I, I think the Falcons are live.


Yeah. Now they're not Falcons are live. I think going up against Andy Reed and Spas is gonna be a little bit different than going up against a team with no coach. I Do worry about the matchup. Chris Jones versus Kirk Cousins Achilles. Yeah. That one scares me a little, but We'll see. Just go no huddle the entire time. Yeah. Two minute drill the whole time. Rip it. Just rip it the entire time. Okay. So a couple things we gotta do. We gotta do our picks, but we also have to do our touchdown parlay.


So Max, you're out. I'm in PFT. Hank and I are gonna do it so everyone can go bet on it. On the DraftKings touchdown parlay Profit Boost they have this week, all customers get up to a hundred percent profit boost on any NFL touchdown parlay. The more touchdown bets you add to your bet slip, the bigger the boost and the bigger your winning. Download the DraftKings Sportswear app use code take, let's code take for everyone to score up to a hundred percent profit boost on any NFL touchdown Parlay. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. So we will have this up, I think Friday night. So you can bet it we have, we're owing two on the season, but we're, we're, we're going down to three games. We, I think what we have one outta three last week. Yep. So let's get a winner. Let's get a winner. Hank give us someone, I'm going to go with Nico Cols. Okay. Ooh, CJ Stroud's. Favorite, favorite Target. Okay. Besides Mrs. Pepper, COLS. He's a little banged up, but it'll be okay. Why you got, why you, why you gotta do that? Because I have 'em in my fancy leagues and he had the, the red thing next to him That everyone What are the odds on him? I haven't changed anything. I just saw the red thing next to him. you know what I'm talking about? He's plus One 10. Okay. I'm gonna go with revenge game for himself for dropping that pass. Saquon Barkley. Okay. He's gonna score. He's got to after that, after what happened And, and being down on the goal line. Right. He's gotta score. He's gonna, they're gonna make sure he scores. But Ken, I wanna take Khalil Herbert. Okay. Talk me out of it. I Like it. No, I can't. It's a little juicy. I can't Plus 2 55. I can't, I can't. Colt's defense not good at all. This on Hat. Hank wants to talk, talk on I'm A hater, but you, you, everything I say, so he is a little Banged up. Well, I'm going away from my sister. That's Fair. That's fair. That's fair. By you. Fair By you. I think for some dumb reason, I think that having Andy Dalton as your quarterback in Carolina is gonna make the defense play harder. Yeah. So I'm not gonna pick against the Panthers in this. I'm gonna take Khalil Herbert, Who do you have? Nico? Do you want to pick? Do alright? Should we pick one afternoon one so it's spaced out so it's too early One afternoon. I can change mine from Saquon. I can change mine. No, I kind of like these. Let's just go with it. All right. You want to? Yeah, It's good to, Let's just say like Dave Montgomery Jamer Gibbs, but yeah. Okay. It's good to get a win early. Alright, Let's get a win early. Let's do it boys. So go find that in the drafting sports book Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Boy in Ontario. One boost per day when offered NFL touchdown parlays only, maximum 105% boost other wagering restrictions apply for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/ft. Ball is Memes. Here. Memes. Memes here. Mem. Memes. Memes.


The Jets, Patriots game. Everyone already heard us react to it, but you can predict it right now. I'm gonna say 30 To Three. Oh, Who wins? Jets. Okay. Okay. All right. So let's do our picks. We have decided on a punishment and we've, yeah, we, well, I guess you haven't, you weren't there when Max PTI and I talked, but I think you'll be fine with it. Last place in the Pix League this year is going to have to go to a bachelor party in wedding. Same one. Just become new friends. Same couple. Yeah, same. Same couple. What. do you think about that, Hank?


Sure. Awls. And then the, I think you Should have to vlog it too. Who's Picking? Yeah. Vlog it. What do you mean? And vlog it. You have vlog it. Everyone's gonna get whoever goes vlog it is gonna have to bring a little, you might have to bring a cameraman. Yeah. Yeah. Might have to. That's why. So, I mean, me and memes Are just fucked regardless. What the fuck? No, you don't have to come. No, We don't have to have you. You don't like it, Hank. No, that's, that's good. Good punishment. And then second place, we'll have to go to a retirement party. That's fun. Yeah. Yeah. Or divorce party. I kinda like divorce party. They can choose retirement or divorce. I'd like to go to a retirement party. I think that'd be fun. Divorce party. They're not gonna do a funeral.


Divorce parties get wild. If a funeral pops up, we're not gonna go, Would it? Now, to tie in with the Super Bowl though, what if second place did the shadow Mincy round for, for three days in New Orleans? I think the last place you have to do that, if anything. But we could maybe add that. Hank, you don't, I feel, I'm feeling like you don't love it. What, let's, let's talk it out. Let's be open. What are we thinking? Let's talk it out. I'm fine with whatever you guys wanna do, but let's talk it out. This, I don't, I don't wanna be no bad idea. I know corporate, a corporate overload. No bad Ideas. Let's just talk it Out. How do we sell this? We sell The vlog and you sell the Blogs.


Why can't we sell? Why can't we sell the Bachelor party to Coors Light or something like that. I have, I You were the one who was like, why does everything have to be a, a stream when I said that? No. Well, like the, what if we, like, we did the Chevy, like drive across the country. That wasn't stream. You don't think the standup was a pay-per-view? And. we had Like, you don't think someone would, you don't think someone would be down to, to sponsor this? Like, we could get the bachelor party paid for and it's like, it's brought to you by this. We get all the shirts, everyone wearing it. Yeah. So we talked about, well, let's Not send, let's not put that out there. Okay. But it's a possibility that you don't Know if that's, that's, there could be elements of It's a possibility. Yeah. Disclaimer, that's Not a Possibility's not a hundred percent true. That your bachelor party will be paid For.


Correct. Correct. Yes. Correct. But we could potentially figure out a way to have a situation where it's like we almost plan your bachelor party for you. But We, but again, Not pay for, but we don't Know this, right? We don't know any of this. Yep. Maybe one night. This, this Is, this is all speculative. Your wedding is paid for by PardonMyTake. My cheese steak. Yeah. I like it. I, I think what Hank's upset about is the fact that the, the standup is way worse of a punishment than going to a wedding and a bachelor party. That's what he's upset About. This is the past. Is the past. We gotta get over the past. The past is the past. We also, Hank and I discussed someone's gotta do, do a pinball punishment. Ooh. I mean the bachelor party and wedding sucks really bad for me.


And PFT probably, Eh, Sucks Bachelor party bad for Me. Could be Okay. Really, really bad. I do think it'd be funny content. Especially if we find the a WL. How many days would you go for Two? You have to go for at least two. Two nights. Two nights. Leave Friday. Come back Sunday. Yeah. Yeah. Have to go for at least two nights. Yeah, Because show Hank. Think about this. You might, you probably get to golf. I'm down, I'm down. Probably get to golf. I'm down. And if the person wants one of us to be in their wedding, that also we're down. Yeah. We get a, a suit sponsor. Imagine being in a wedding. I mean, max is definitely gonna, gonna gonna, There's some BWS who, who are cool with this one.


The one weekend Max doesn't a wedding. He's gonna have to do it as a punishment. Oh, it'd be so funny. I, I am in last right now. Yeah. It'd be so funny. He's just gonna basically make a whole new group of friends. And there are listeners. So this gets the listeners involved too. Alright, so what's this? What's the record so far? I think everyone's linked. I'm three and one. Oh, there you Go. Right. Hang three And one and the pick eye. Big Cat Me two and two. Max one. Two and One. Okay. That tie's gonna stick around for a while. Yeah. Ty's gonna make a difference. Alright, who's up first? And. It was a fucking bow. Nicks last, like last minute. Nothing. Touchdown. Who's up first? PFT. Okay, I'm going to go with the Dolphin Seahawks.


I'm gonna take the under. Ooh. On that game. Ooh. Okay. I'm going to go with the bears. Don't laugh. Hank The Bears cults over 43 and a half. Don't laugh. Okay. I Won't. Thank you. I'm going to take Dolphin Seahawks under is right now 41 and a half. Okay. I'm going to take the Commander's Bengals under 47. Ooh. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna take Saints minus two and a half Against two. Good. Pick The Eagles. Good. Pick memes. The Eagles. I am going to start with Rams.


Niners under 44 and a half. Mm. And I'm gonna get stinky. Yeah. Get stinky Panthers plus five. Yeah. I love it. I love it. I'm gonna take the Lions Cardinals over 51 and a half. Okay. I will take, I was gonna take the Panthers. I will go with the, I guess 49 ERs minus seven mm. Hank that's not you. I know that's not you. Hank don't do that. That'ss not you. Panthers is So stinky. Oh, you, that's not you. Hank, take the Broncos.


Do you wanna get real stinky? Hank? That's Stinky. Yeah, let's stink. Broncos are stinky. They're stink. Stink. Get so Stinky. Nah, I'm not. Pick is man. Oh, you, your pick is in officially. Yep. I can take the Giants that's also stinky. I'll take the Falcons plus three and a half. Fuck. You gotta just go against Malik Willis again. You gotta get your, you gotta get your revenge. It's a personal revenge game for you. I'm gonna double up my bet from last week. I'm gonna go with the Titans. Yes. I believe you. This time last week. I didn't believe in you this week. I, This might be the last time I get to bed against Malik Willis. There you go. Let's go. You have to take advantage of these moments. Yes.


Okay. Last thing before we get to our awesome interview with Spice Adams. We got Fantasy lad boys brought to you by our friends at BODYARMOR.


This segment is brought to you by BODYARMOR Sport Water. The alkaline water that provides us real hydration with electrolytes for taste. Everybody is always drinking it around the office, the sports drink, the zero sugar, and even the Flash iv. After a long weekend, we can't get enough BODYARMOR. The sports water, in my opinion, is the best water on the market. Head on over to your local seven 11 and get your BODYARMOR Sport water today.


Oi, oi Oy. Oh mate. We'll Solve that then. We'll solve that then. My name is Pippen Toley. Pippen Tulley. Hey Pippen. Lord of the Black Water. Mato on this week. Dylan Royal Dealing Royal. He's plus 8,000 to win the Heisman. Got a lot of aiders on his side. You need Patty Mahomes. I think he's gonna come out and show people that he's better than Pat Mahomes. And Patty Mahomes is copying him. He is not copying Pat. Oh, Number 15. First. He's got Swagger. I think Dustin Pedroia did actually, mate. Oh. Oh, right. Ball Baseball. I peed in his pool once. Learn footy. My is the opposite.


Australia. Oh, Australia. Oy. America tried to copy our show First. And, it sucked. Oh. And this show's, What do they think they're doing? This show's gonna sock even more. They're taking a piss out of it. They can't even fucking hold a jock. Strapp to our office mate. Rick of a classic, classic comedian who's played, who's played Rick of a, it's from Pittsburgh, Rick of a Yeah, I didn't know that. Yeah. Our accents are slipping Right. Is a thing. Here's the thing. Here's a thing. Pepin. Here's the thing. Are you done? Are you done? Is A sleeper? No. I got my Sleeper. Who's your sleeper? Alright, bitch. You get on with it. Sleeper. It's A Baltimore Oreos. Baltimore Oreos.


Oreos. They're my sleeper that win the World Series. Damn. You watched the Baltimore Oreos recently? Yeah, I did. You definitely haven't. 'cause haven't they fucking stink? Haven't watched cricket. But I think the Orioles, I'm, I'm just thinking who's gonna beat the Phils? Yeah. You and I don't want it to be the fricking junkies. The Baltimore Orioles might not even make the playoffs. Eh? Is that possible? It is possible. They've been playing the terrible, terrible baseball. That's, they are a shy. They are Shy. Well, that's why they, they're sleepers. Everyone's sleeping on him. Craig Kimra also sleeping. He sucks. Yeah, the two, they just, They just, they just waved The closer. They're two. They waved him. They waved him. He's the Best closers in MLB History. He's the one who sets up like a bird, isn't he? The Baltimore Orioles four games up in the, in the wild card.


But they've been two and eight in the last 10. Well, that's what I'm saying, mate. The people are sleeping on 'em games. What saying are they gonna do a a, a Australian version of the Wire for Baltimore of all these guys Sound Birmingham. The sleeve Shade. Sha Oh, Omar Cu. Okay. Oy. Hey, oy. I'm Nigel. Nigel, Nigel, Nigel. I'm, this week I'm starting having pints with the lads. Nigel have a couple pints with the, the lads go out, grab a couple pints. Right? A New beginning. I've been watching that show industry. Not sure what it's about. They're always having pints and pocketing each other. I love that's, I watched, I watched a season of that and then I gave up.


It's A lot of cocks in that show. A lot of cocks. Corks left and right. It's like, oh, that guy's got a cock. A Lot of six. That Guy's got quarter Clock. Oh, cocaine. Crikey. Yeah. So, I'm sorry. I forget what I was starting. I don't know. I was starting Industry points With the Boys. I was points with the boys. Let's all go out, out. Have some points with the boys. It's going to be a great time, isn't it this week? My sleep, my, my sitting team. I'm gonna sit Russell Wilson. I think he's shake. Yeah, I think he's probably done in the NFL because Jo Fields, Justine is going to have a hell of a weekend. He's gonna have a great game. His first great game. I like it. And then we're not gonna see any more of that. Russell Wilson all over my TV anymore. And I'm Love it. I'm be very, very happy about that. Indeed. My sleepers.


Your pages don't let get rid of your pages and second Yeah. Bad week to have pages blow up. It might blow up on you. Blow up might Right. Put a hole on your hip. Oi, oi, oi. Hello. Hello, chaps. My name is Oliver Butterscotch. LOB. My stardom is ang the hippo. Ang, what are you doing here? I fucking love that fucking baby hippo. I just wanna boop it and fucking love it and squeeze it all day. Oh hippo's very dangerous. Not this one. Mo d's a pygmy hippo. He is a little baby. I think he'd fucking eat your baby if he could. She's a little baby. And all she does is run around and and dude's crazy. If you tried to poop And, it would eat you. We Should, we should have all on the podcast at one point.


Yeah. I go buy a Ang shirt. It's in stored up our still sports.com right now. Ang supremacy. Great Hippo. My cinema is the Colts Defense. Caleb Williams going to have three touchdowns. Oy, three of them. Free. Free. Have You lost your mind? Free touchdowns? I said it for the coach. Defense free. That's very mean. I don't, I don't like what you I don't like what you said there, Pippin. I'm just trying to clarify. It's, it's very mean. Indeed. My sleeper nannies. Did you see the viral nanny? She's hot. We are viral nanny. There was A viral viral nanny. She's real hot. What are you talking about? She Colombian viral nanny. She's hardest, haw and viral net. In all due respect, she's viral.


My might Hugh Grant absolutely loved his nanny. Look at this Nanny. So there's, there was a, There was like a, a prompt being like, like someone was like, oh yeah, My, my kid Learned Spanish. 'cause she was with my nanny so much. And then this TikTok went viral of this Colombian nanny. And everyone's like, like this is the most trusting wife ever. Yeah. I, because she's attractive. That's, That's very good. She's gone very viral. Yeah. Shout out that nanny. Okay. I would learn Leche immediately. Yeah. Let's go to our Great interview. Spice Adams. In. Studio. PFD. You got a quick ad before we do that? Yes.


Before we get to Spice Adams, he's brought to you by our great friends over at Coors. Light Rivalries are heating up in college football. Big, big rivalry weekend this weekend. U-N-C-J-M-U, huge rivalry game. These two teams don't like each other very much. If you're watching college football and need to chill out for a little bit, have a Coors Light. Coors Light. The mountains are blue. Chill out all the, all the rivalry, all the hot, hot, hot rival reaction you got going on. Sometimes you need to just take a little break. And no better way to take a break than with a Coors Light. When the rivalries heat up, choose chill and reach for an ice cold Coors Light. If you're looking to keep it chill, only one beer to choose. It's Coors Light. you know when your mountain cold refreshment is ready for you. It's when the mountains are blue. I love Coors Light. I'm gonna have a couple Coors Lights in Austin, Texas. It's gonna be hot this weekend in Austin. It's gonna be in the nineties. Best way to chill out is with Coors Light. The Saturdays got hotter, but you can choose. Chill with Coors Light and DraftKings. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door with Instacart by going to coors light.com/take 21 and up eligibility restrictions. Apply void. Where Prohibited sea terms. At DraftKings dot com slash Coors light pick em. Celebrate responsibly. Coors Brewing Company Golden Colorado. And with Coors Light, they have teamed up with DraftKings to for their free to play college football. Pick em pools where you pick winners for a chance to win big. Check it out. Check out the Coors Light College Football. Pick 'em pool where you can team up with Coors Light and DraftKings for your chance


to win. Big. And now here's Spice Adams. Okay, we now welcome on recurring guests. It's been too long. Yeah, it is. Spice Adams. What's up man? It's great to have you here. Anthony Spice Adams bear for life. Indeed. Talking some ball. I I I wanna talk everything but let's start with, I guess we gotta talk about, we Don't, whatever you about to say. We don't have to. Well, I was gonna say we gotta, we gotta at least just briefly touch on panic meter for the bears. The panic meter. People are freaking out. Yeah. To It's alright. So let's do it. This, let's not do a Caleb conversation. Okay. Lemme do a bigger conversation playing in the NFL.


Your team starts the season. At what point is there a, oh shit, this might not be going the way we think it is because I can't be week two. Week two is way too early, right? Yeah, It is. I mean, and you're talking to a guy that's, I went two and 14, right? I've been on teams and went two and 14. Four and 12, seven and nine. So you're talking to a guy that's basically been through it all, but week two. Nah man. And. we gotta win under our belt already. Yeah, I think they're good, man. Defense playing outstanding special teams is really good. We just gotta get the offense on the same page. Yeah. At some point. So what, What's the week that you would say, like you can feel like this is what the team is, we know what we are, we maybe have an identity.


'cause that's also the part is like, I feel like the first two weeks teams are trying to just figure out what their identity is. Yeah. What is, what is the thing they want to lean on and do? Well, I think by the second quarter you should know like, this is the first quarter, first four days. Oh Is love this old lovey Right here? Yeah. Hey bro, that's, that was always the formula, bro. Yeah. Like that's all we know. And you know, I think by the second quarter, man, you should know the type of team you got. You should know if you a running team, if you're a play action team, or if you're on defense and you, you, you are a defense that stopped the run. You are a defense that get a lot of takeaways. Like you should know that by the second quarter. So That's weeks five through eight. Five Through eight. Yeah. So in other words, the week the season used to be broken down was a 16 game season.


Yeah. The first four games. That was the first quarter of the season. And then halfway through the second quarter, you gotta know who you're Now if you're on one of those teams where you have a great defense and a not so great offense. Yeah. It's frustrating bro. I It's frustrating to watch too because they always bring up the stat. It's always 21 points. I think. It's like, dude, we just average 21 points. Yeah. Here's how many wins we would've had. Imagine a team going on a 15 play drive and you stop 'em and you get a takeaway and you going off to the sideline and everybody's shaking their hands like, Hey man, good job, da da da and quarterback or somebody, whoever go out there throw an interception or fumble the ball, not a defense right. Back out. Like, dude, we was just out there for 15 plays, man, and we stopped a high powered offense.


Now we gotta like get 25 seconds of rest and now we back out there. Yeah. Like that junk is frustrating man. I'm sure. Yeah. The the craziest thing that I think that maybe, you know, we've been lucky enough to be around a lot of NFL players and you learn it over time, but like fans are sitting on the couch, they don't fully realize like, we, you all, all we can base off is like youth sports and like, oh yeah, you're best friends, you play with them. Right. Yeah. In the NFL locker room, I feel like it is a very clear divide. Offense and Defense and you don't really, 'cause you're not in meetings with them. Yeah. You're not really, you might have a friend or two on the other side, but like for the most part you're sticking with your unit and your guys. Yeah. And that's where some of the friction can happen if one side isn't isn't pulling.


Is that, is that a fair assessment? I don't know man, because I'm coming from a, a locker room where we were all together. Yeah. Like I understand what you're saying. Like when we break up the defensive line, go in the defensive line room, linebackers going in their room, tight ends going in their room. But when we all get together in that locker room, dude, we were playing dodge ball, we were playing basketball like we were made up all kind of games in the locker room. So it never really felt like, you know, we were all like individualized. Yeah. you know what I mean? Like we were playing with the, the, the old linemen and stuff like that. and we battle all the time. So the fact that we were friends and we would go out to dinner and things like that.


Like I think the bears were just different. Yeah. Like our whole like atmosphere in our locker room was, was crazy man. It was, it was a great thing to be a part of. Bro. I, I can't even front But you were also, you're also different 'cause you're friends with Everyone. Yeah. Man. You're one of Those guys that I feel like I'm an only child. Really. you know what I'm saying? Like, I'm, I'm kicking with everybody man. I I always been like that. Yeah. Like That. The, the Niners team. You also had Larry Allen on the offensive side. Right? Oh My God. So you didn't wanna say anything bad because Larry Allen just whooped your ass. That's the, that's the legalized killer right there. He's a psycho. Right. God rest his soul, man. Yeah, dude, like I've never got into my stance and was just like, whatever I'm thinking is just not gonna work.


Like, just, just being deflated as soon as you get in your stance. I've never done that as many times as it was lining up against him in practice. And every time, you know, somebody wanted to go up against him, they'd be like, ah man, take this rep for me, man. My leg stretch my leg real quick, man. And I'll never forget this. This is why my back feel like how it do right now. It would slip outta place. My back, my back would slip outta place. Every time I went up against Larry Allen And. we would do the Oklahoma drill. Frank Gore would be the running back and then it would be Larry. And then I'm on the other side of Larry. But we are in a three four, so I'm in a true zero. So I'm not like on an edge or anything.


Like I'm head up and I got back up off the ball because I have to mirror wherever they go. So I'm in a true three four. So if he steps to his left, I gotta step to my right. If he steps to his right, I gotta step to my left. So I'm just head up with Larry every practice and every time I'm just like, low man wins. This is what I'm telling myself in my head. And I'm just like, it doesn't matter with Larry dude. 'cause he is like a tank bro. If he wants to pancake you, he's gonna pancake you. If he wants to take you somewhere, he's just gonna take you somewhere. So I would just, I would get in my stance and I would just, eh, like here and then Frank could choose this gap or he could choose this gap.


Either one of these a gaps and I'm not gonna reach out to try to tackle 'em. I'm just here. Yeah. And so Frank would just, it was just a basically jog drill for Frank because I'm not If you reach your hand out Yeah. That's just saying dump me. Yeah. And that's saying Larry Allen dumped me and put all 400 pounds of yourself on like so, Or Frank just takes your arm Off. Yeah. Well Frank was gonna do that anyway. Yeah. Because that's just how Frank runs. But, but Larry Allen bro was like straight hand caught him. He's a legalized killer. Yeah. Maybe the strongest player to ever play in the NFL. Right. Dude. So I seen him in a weight room. He has five plates on with chains hanging off of it like big thick chains.


Like you can hear ching ching, ching ching. That's how you know Larry was in it. He's in there by himself. He's, he got it on the bench and he, he likes to walk on the incline. So he is walking on the incline. And so I come in there and he starts to get on a bench. I say, you need a spot. So the five plates that he has on there and the chains, he's just repping it like, as he's looking at me. So I'm like, all right man. Good talk man. See you tomorrow. I just leave, bro. Like that dude was just, just unbelievably strong. Yeah. Do you think so talking about the Oklahoma drill, I don't, I don't think they even do it anymore. Especially, you know, like training camps are different. Yeah. Preseasons different. Do you, can you see it when you're watching the game?


Like, oh yeah, this doesn't, especially early in the season. Like this doesn't look like what it should look like. 'cause these guys just haven't been playing together. I don't know man. It's just, it still look like football to me. But, you know, we were the Guinea pigs, man. We, I mean we full pads two a day every day we were in full pass. So much when you erase it off the grease board, you could still see it, you could still see the words full pass on it. Like, it, it is crazy the amount of practicing we did in past bro. And like now they got all the rules and hours that you can and can't do it and all of that. So it's like now you want to get smart, now you want to protect our brains.


Yeah. Yeah. We had to go through the, the ringer for years, man. Yeah. Two days, three days sometimes for some coaches. Yeah. It was like the, the morning you suffer, the better you'll be. I don't, I don't always subscribe to that like the old school NFL coach mentality. And I mean, I'm just drawn back to my high school experience. Yeah. But it seems like the coaches that you, you had that would be like the strictest, the ones that wanted to just beat the shit outta you. Those ended up not always being the best head coaches. I don't know. Sometimes it's, it is hit or miss. you know, we had a, a legendary coach by the name of Coach James Reynolds at, at my high school, Martin Luther King in Detroit, Michigan. Man, he And. we ran 45 and 46 counter where I was pulling every dog on play.


And. we just like, bruh, how many times are we gonna run this play? And I would be pulling like every play bro. And but the amount of running that we did at my high school, it got me, it got me prepared to go to Penn State. Like, 'cause I was like, dang, practice is over with. Yeah. Because that's all we did was run man. Yeah. I was like, dog. Like, but it paid off for me man. 'cause by the time I got to college I was like, oh, all right. This, this straight, this ain't bad. How, How did your recruiting go? Did you not, did you get recruited by Michigan and Michigan State? I did, but And did you decide, decide not to it It was kind of late, you know. Yeah. After, well what happened was there was a upperclassmen that was getting recruited by Penn State.


He said, man, why don't you come out? First of all, I've never played football before. Like I didn't play little league or nothing. Like I was too big. I've been this same size and height since I was 12. So I was like two 90 when I was 12. 12. And you look good right now, By the way. Yeah. I appreciate it, man. Yeah. I'm right now I'm like, I'm at like middle school weight. This is, this is sixth grade. Yeah, sixth Grade. 2 72 65. That's sixth grade. That's Insane. Sixth. So they wouldn't let you play football sixth Grade. Yeah. 'cause you gotta be like one 50 or one 40, some of that. You're sixth grade way over That. You're sixth grade Spice Adams right Now. So I'm like, I'm 5 11, 2 90 at 12. So I never played football. So me, what happened?


My mom drove me up to my high school. I had to, you had to take a test to get in the top three schools in Detroit. Cas, king of Renaissance. And I went to King. And so upon my mom knowing that I passed this test to get into the school, she was like, all right, cool. Now you about to play football. And I'm like, ma, I don't, I don't wanna play football. Like I'm from bad boys. Detroit, baby We don play basketball. Yeah. We in the street. We hooping. Hey, here come a car, man. And, we alright. It's back on Carone like we, we hooping. So my mom take me up there and I play, long story short, I love it. Let's go again. Da da da da. How quickly was it like, oh shit, he can play?


I don't know, because they told me to line up at Guard and I was like, I promise right hand the guy, I said point guard or shooting guard. They was like, man, get this big dude outta here, man. Like seriously dog. So I had no idea what I was doing, but I was very coachable. So I didn't know, apparently I was doing good. 'cause they wanted me to, they wanted to move me up to varsity. So I was like, dang, I must be doing what I'm supposed to do. Yeah. Wow. So the last, I think like the last three games or something like that, they had moved me up, but I didn't, I didn't get no burn. So my sophomore year I'm like, dog, I'm, I'm starting. So I think the upperclassman, he saw this and he saw something in me. He was like, man, why don't you come to this Penn State camp with me?


So I'm like, dang. Like I never played football before. And I got this upperclassman who's getting recruited by Penn State. He asked me to go to the camp with him. I'm like, ma, can I go? It's $280. And she's like, oh my. So my mom is, she's looking in the couch, she's scraping up all, and I didn't know this until my forties. My mom was like, you know, your uncle paid for that. Oh wow. I had no idea. Like this whole time one of my uncles ended up giving my mom the money. But I ended up going to the camp and when I went to that camp, they offered me at the camp as a Sophomore. Yeah. Who had just started playing Football. Yeah. I was like, all I knew, That's just natural talent.


I'm from Detroit, bro. So it is people working at the big three. I seen people with broke legs going to work. Like all I knew was work. So when we went to the camp, I'm sprinting to every drill. I'm staying after practice. Like, Hey, can we work some more stuff? Whatever. 'cause all this stuff is new to me. I'm trying to get it down. Right. So by the time I go back to Detroit, I was like, people can be like, oh man, like whatever camp you went to. Like I can tell whatever, like I'm taking notes. Like I got like a little notebook, I'm writing stuff down. And before long they was like, Hey, you want to come to school here? They was like, you wanna meet Joe? And I was like, I didn't know who Joe Paterno was. Right. I was like, all right, let's meet him. Whoever this Joe is. Like, I got no idea man.


And you know, ever since then, bro, it was just like, I, I love the game, bro. Yeah. And I, I love playing those guard. Like, I love everything that everybody hates. Like, I love like preseason, I love like how hot it is, how miserable it is. And that's what I'm learning about myself. Yeah. Like, I like to be miserable pushing Yourself. Yeah. I feel like if I don't go through something and I'm not even doing Anything. So, so Michigan and Michigan State kind of wised up late where They were like, yeah. So once they saw I was getting recruited by Penn State, then they started recruiting me, then Nick Saban came up to the school and stuff like that. Oh wow. Was Nick Saban? Yeah, He was at Michigan. Yeah. Yeah. So was there any choice or were you just like, no, Penn State was the first one who saw me.


Yeah. Like once and then I wanted to get away from the state of Michigan. Yeah. you know what I mean? Like, I didn't want to get homesick and I could just drive 45 minutes and be back at the crib. I was like, nah. So going out to Penn State, it was different, man. It was like mountains there. It was like squirrels coming up to you. It was like happy valley. Yeah, it is. you know, like it was really happy valley. you know what I mean? Like, I'm used to, if a squirrel see you in Detroit, he, he out of there like squirrels coming up to you. Like, I'm like, is this like I'm snow white or something like that, bro. It was crazy. Oh. So, But it took me, it took me like two years to even speak to people. Yeah. Because in Detroit you can't just walk up on somebody and be like, what's up?


Right. Hey, what's up? Like what What do you mean what's up? Like it's, that's a fight. So when people were talking to me at Penn State, I was just like, who is this dude? Like, it took me about two years to just say hi, back to another person saying hello to me. Yeah. The the personality that you were describing is a big asset to have. Like, no matter what you're doing, if you're on a football team or just like your buddy, if, if somebody's happiest when everyone's miserable Yeah. That's a good person to have because it makes doing the hard stuff so much easier if there's somebody around that's enjoying it and helping you enjoy it more, bro. Right. That's, yeah. 'cause that's why, you know, if you take any three technique on any team and tell him you gonna move him a nose guard, they're gonna be like, oh no.


Like it's gonna be the worst thing in the world that they could ever hear. Yeah. But that's where I relish. Like I, let's go like the double teams. Like it is the most thankless position in all of football. Playing a true nose guard, Eating up space. That's it bro. It pretty much made Albert Haynesworth quiet quit. He kinda retired after they did that to him. Yeah. Nose is no joke man. Yeah. Yeah. So what point at Penn State were you like, oh shit, I'm gonna get drafted. This is, I love these stories. When someone comes to a sport late And, it just, it feels like it happens. And it, I mean it did happen for you in a matter of years. Yeah, it was, it was crazy, man. Like I had no aspirations of going to the NFL. I was just like, that'll be a bonus. Like, I just wanted to get my piece of paper be all American Win National Championship and stuff like that.


And then like if the NFL happened then yes. Like, that's, that's amazing. But once I, I saw this center from Purdue, I, I don't know his name, but the Steelers drafted him in the 2001 draft or two draft or something like that. And I had a monster game against him. Like, I mean I was doing stuff that, you know, you dream about, like I'm gonna do this move and throw this guy out the way. Like I was doing those moves on him. 'cause it was a real emotional game for us because the game before we played Ohio State and one of my teammates was like, they said he'll never walk again. Adam Talla farro. So the next game after that was Purdue.


And so I had a monster game and I saw him get drafted. So I was like, Chucky is his name. Yes. Yeah. Just looked it up for you. They drafted him and I was like, I know they saw the Penn State game, right. If they draft him third round, I'm like, dude, I got to go second or first at least just off the game that I had. And so I was like, man. And then my coach pulled me over to the side 'cause I was like, like just, you know, sad or whatever, just how much work it take to be good and balance classes and stuff like that. So I was like feeling sorry for myself not going to class and being late to class and all this stuff.


So a coach Larry Johnson pulled me over to the side and said, man, you messing with greatness. Like you could really be good man. Like, you gotta start getting your stuff together. So I was like, he was like, you know, I had some teams calling me and stuff. I was like, what? It was some teams from like the National Football League that called you about me. So I was like, that's all I needed to hear. Yeah. And then I was like, all right, cool. Like I just started sacrificing, you know, me going out to different parties and stuff like that and hanging out and I just like, I just wiped myself clean at everything bro. And I just, I just started focusing. That's awesome. I got drafted in the second round. Yeah. And so then after you make it to the NFL, is there a point where, I don't know, what, what was your attitude like going into that first camp? Was it like, were you aggressive?


Were you excited? Was there a moment where you got out there on the practice field and you were like, okay, I can actually excel at this. I'm good enough to play in the nfl? Oh, once I got drafted, yeah. Well, I was there with Brian Young who was the hall of famer. And so I was just like, I'm just gonna do everything he did. Everything that he do, I'm gonna try to do it. And it was so funny 'cause they set me up my first practice. So you leave out the door and you like, you write out on the field. So when that door opened be locked, just took off like gone. And I'm just like, oh. So I'm trying to keep up with him. And, we go through the la we go through like all these individual drills and I'm just like, I can't even catch my breath.


And he's just like, let's go. And I was like, oh my gosh, like this, is this what it's like? And he didn't tell me till like, you know, I got to my second year or something like that. Like, hey, we was just, we was just messing with you. Yeah. It took me a while man. And, but I used to make like little splashes here and there. I'd get like a TFL or I'll sniff out a screen or Coach Jim Moore who was the defensive coordinator at the time. He would point out plays that I would do where I would fall on the ground, but I would get up and chase down a, a pass. And he was like, this is the type of effort we need or whatever. So I was like, dang. Like all right. Like, hey, I might, I might got a shot here.


you know what I'm saying? So, but we were just losing man. I think that year we, we had to Garrison Hearst, Jeff Garcia, we had Derrick De, we had Ron Stone, we had Jeremy Newberry, like we had some dogs. And, we still went like seven to nine that year. So I knew how hard it was to win in the league, man. And you know, we, I mean we had Julian Peterson, like we had some straight dogs on the defense man. And just, we had seven and nine, bro. Yeah. I Feel like Tio could still play. Every time I see him, I'm like, that guy Could get there. No question, bro. Yeah, no question man. Yeah. Yeah. He nice with it. When you're watching the league now, are you like, God damnit They can't, they can't do anything with the quarterback because it is totally different.


Oh my gosh. Because it piss you off watching it. And I just put a flag on it. Yeah, man. Like some of the stuff is like, the linemen are pushing you into the, the quarterback. Yeah. A lot of times man, And it iss just, it's just crazy to watch, man. And, but it's, it's football man. Like, it's like a, it is a contact sport. Like some of this stuff is going happen. Like they trying to do the, where you tackle the running back and like by the hip or something like that. Yeah. Like hip drop. You're not, your whole thing is to get him down. Yeah. Like you're not saying, oh let me do this illegal tackle so that I could tear his ACL or break his ankle or something like that. Like you're just trying to get the guy down, man, you running full speed.


You don't have time to gauge like, oh, it's my helmet going to come in contact with his helmet. Is he gonna duck fast enough for it to not be like a, a penalty? Like you don't have time to think. Yeah. You just go and you just react. Like I think all of this stuff, like somebody gotta step in and like, everybody always wants to make it like let's, let's score points, let's make this this league easy to score points and stuff like that. And nobody really thinking about what the defense gotta go through. Yeah. There hasn't been a rule change that favors the defense in a very long time. The Only thing they got is like, if you are not seeing the block that's coming, I think the lineman from the coach just did something like that.


Quint Nelson Yeah. Is a great clip. Wasn't the dude block off? Yeah. And he was just like, Hey, I just stick my hands out here. And you could see how easy it is to just knock somebody down to cleat. Dude got pancake. Yeah. And he just, he didn't even do nothing. Yeah. He was like, give is that good. Gave him, you know what, I'm up him up. That was dope. But if that was Oland crz or something. Yeah. Yeah. It would've been different. It Would've been a wrap for you. Yeah. Yeah. No, you're right about like the hip drop tackle. It's, to me it seems like the NFL is, they like to make it seem like they're making steps for player safety. Yep. But I've noticed, I've seen like three hip drop, hip drop tackles and they're not calling them. So they like made the rule to discourage from people from doing it, but they're not actually enforcing the rule because They see how ridiculous it is.


Yeah. You see these guys, they're not trying to like end people careers. They're just trying to get you down man and get to the next play. Get off the field. Like, so I don't, I don't agree with that, that hip tackle stuff, man. But like you say, man, they, they trying to like, like it, it's a context sport. And I, and I get it, like you're trying to protect people and trying to protect the, the guys getting injured and stuff like that. But it's a physical sport man. It's, it's gonna happen. Yeah. This might be a dumb question, but at what point did you figure out what kind of face mask you like to use? Hmm. That's actually not a bad question. Not a Bad Question. Bad question.


I think you just, you learn from whoever the guy that's on your team that got the most swag. You just learn from him, man. Yeah. That's what, that's what I Did. I wanna be like you big bro. Like, hey bro, like what'd you think about this face mask? If they immediate be like, nah, then you be like, then you just go to the next one. Or you just say out of the face mask that defensive linemen wear, which one like is the most respect? Like, which one would get the most respect? Yeah. And so I I take that one. Yeah. They used to have the ones for the defensive lineman that would be have the bar down the middle too. I Can't do the bar down In between Your eyes. I can't. Yeah. 'cause I'll be looking like this the whole time. Like, don't nobody, nobody wanna do that. Yeah.


How, how weird is it for you now you played in the NFL, you were a great NFL player played at Penn State and now you're just, it's sometimes just a meme and it's just a picture where it's like, oh shit, that's my face. Because you do have some of the best, whether it's cream bigham or just some of your pictures, you know, obviously the one with you behind the tree rubbing your hands. Like, is that so like people don't realize like, oh, that's an NFL player. They just see the meme, they're like, oh, you're the meme guy. Is that weird? No, it's just like a testament to what I'm doing now. Yeah. you know what I mean? Like, I do a lot of stuff on social media and stuff like that. And if you want to, I guess dig deeper, you could find out that I actually played nine years in the n when I put pictures up of me, like action shots of me playing.


They like, oh man, this Photoshop guy are pretty good. Right. So. Right. Because there's a whole like, group of people that are like, oh yeah, you're, oh, like they probably see you on the street. You're like, oh, you're the guy from behind the tree in the yellow suit. Yeah. And it, it is funny man. 'cause it is just like I've, I'm, I've got to the point where I got a second career now. Yeah. you know what I mean? And I'm, I'm making something from that. And I think the fact that I played nine years in the NFL is kind of just like, it's a afterthought now. Yeah. you know what I mean? And I just gotta, gotta move on like, I'm a dad now. Yeah. Like I'm a volunteer coach at my son's school. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, I, I was talking to you earlier, like, I feel like I'm a Uber driver.


I'm just taking the kids back and forth to practice and stuff like that. I'm just like a regular dude. But is Is it hard coaching your kids being like, I know football better than everyone, but I have to kind of take a step back here because I would imagine that'd be frustrating at times where it's like, no, I've, I played in the NFL. Yeah. Like I know what I'm talking about, but I'm not the head coach. Nah, I don't, I don't take myself too serious like that. you know, at the end of the day, like these kids are 15, 16 years old and you know, they, they need to hear from other folk, you know, and, and people who've been coaching for as long as I've been playing in the NFL, you know what I mean? So it doesn't matter how long I played in the NFL, you know, these coaches know what it's like to coach these teenagers longer than I've been playing.


Yeah. So I give the, the coaches the opportunity to coach my son up, but well, when they get home and stuff like that, like, like I got a video I just put out now where he has to take the garbage cans up front. Like, I don't care if you play football bass, I don't care what you, you taking them cans up front. I had to do it. You about to do it. So I set these cans up as a, a center. I had a guard and I had a tackle three waste management cans. And I'm like, this is how you squeeze blocks. Like you stop running up field. You can't rush the passer every time you gotta stop the run. So this is what you do. You condense the gap.


So I'm coaching him whether it's he taking out the, the, the trash, whether he's cutting the grass, whether he's doing the dishes. I'm like, you see how you, you washing the dish like that? Yeah. Imagine doing the club movement coming with a rip. It's the same type of motion and you gotta have your hands tight football's everywhere. Always coaching. You see Football everywhere. Yeah. You open the door for your mom, you see like, you gotta, It Is just like ripping the ball out. It's the same thing like, it's like the peanut punch. You gotta open the door. So I'm always coaching him no matter what.


We'll get back to Spice in a second. He's brought to you by the farmer's dog. It's great dog food. It's healthy dog food you love your dog. Feed them real fresh dog food that gets delivered right to your door. It's dog food that's developed by vet nutritionist made from real meat, real veggies and portioned just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls. And you can feed your dog real food with real benefits. Smart, healthy pet food that you can feel good about. Feeding your pup is the best option for dogs of all life stages. It's not kibble, it's not canned goo. It's real healthy food. It's not just fresh, high quality food. They also send the food preport specifically for your dog based on their unique needs. Blake has been eating the farmer's dog. Stella Eats the Farmer's dog. It's the official dog food of Pardon, My Take. It's great, great food. Your pet will love eating it. Your pet will finish all its food. Your pet won't get bored of the food. And. it makes it super easy. It gets delivered to your door, all you do, put it in the freezer, defrost it, and then you cut the bag open and it's one full meal for your dog. Super simple. Never run outta dog food again. Get it delivered. It's better food and it's easier for your dog. The Farmer's dog just released a new commercial telling the story of a dog's unconditional love for it's human And. it reminds us that no matter what happens in our day, we can always feel good about doing our best for our canine companions, especially through feeding them farmer's Dog. Check it out on their Instagram at The Farmer dog and get 50% off your first box of fresh healthy food@thedog.com slash pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/pmt, get 50% off. That's The Farmer dog.com/pmt. And now here's more Spice Adams.


How hyped? I mean, peanut Punch is legendary, but like, That's my dog man. Would You as a defensive unit in the back of your head where you're like, we'll get at least one every game 'cause of peanut. Yes. I If you watch the field. I know, it's crazy. Whenever I see 33, I'm sprinting. Yeah. Because I'm like, you ain't never gotta worry about me sprinting to the ball. If Peanut is around, I'm like, And, it paid off for me in the Eagles game. And I think Vic might have been a quarterback, but somebody, he hit somebody on a slant and sure enough, peanut punched it out and I I got an opportunity to get it, man. I ain't go nowhere 'cause Alex Brown didn't block per usual, but, but it Had to have felt like almost a superpower being like, we got a guy back there that he'll, he'll get the ball at least on the, on the ground.


you know, once a game Peanut was by far one of the hardest workers I've seen. Like this dude, the game where Adrian Peterson went crazy on us, but then he went crazier against the Chargers. You could see peanut chasing every time. And peanut would be on the other side of the field. Yeah. And he'd be running like, he's going to get 'em and he would like be the last line to like try to like swipe at his legs or, so I respected him so much for that. And it's, it is just like contagious when you see somebody working that hard, you like, man, I gotta meet his, his level of intensity or at least look like I'm going, I'm giving everything that I got too. Because that's, that's hard.


That's a hard job. Yeah. Like, you come off of trying to like get somebody on the go route. Like these, these dudes are sprinting down field every play, running, all kind of routes. And then you chase Adrian Peterson on top of that and then you gotta go block for Devin or Punt. Yeah. Like dog, like Peanut had got so much respect for me, man. He's, he's just like an all time great teammate. He goes to my son's games. Oh wow. Yeah. Like And, we win. He seems Like the best dude ever. Dog Peanut is one of the best dude. Yeah. One of the best teammates I ever had. Bro. Did you, so you picked up that one fumble that he forced, did you ever return a fumble? Did you ever get like the legs moving? Alex Brown, man, Alex Brown don't ever want a block.


Yeah. Because all if he see a ball on the, on the field, it's his, you know what I'm saying? So he, while he's still trying to get the, I already got it. Alex go Block. Like he, I like everyone. You see me get Alex didn't get a block. So We, we love watching when big men pick up a ball, when they get to run a little bit And, it looks kind of goofy sometimes. Yeah. If it's one of the bigger guys and then you realize how fast those big guys are running. It's crazy. And they're running faster than anybody that you're watching the game with. Like the, the speed, like what was your 40 time? Was it like around five seconds? My best 40 was a four. Nine seven. Whew. See That's crazy. Yeah. It's, it's a absurd to think that a big man can run that fast.


I know. It's like watching. Have you ever seen a rhinoceros run? I have. Dude, it's, it's crazy. Like I've seen it like up close and personal. I was like, God, that rhino is rolling. But I guess that's just like how we look when we run. Yeah. But we be moving. Yeah. Moving. Dude, It's crazy how fast that, that some Sean Rogers used to get like interceptions when he was with the Lions, and he would, he got a couple touchdowns on his belt, but he used to be moving man. Yeah. Was there ever a guy that, that you just absolutely had his number, like an offensive lineman that you were like, I am going to feast today. Not a offensive lineman, but every time I played Donovan McNabb, I would get a sack. Okay. At least it seemed like it.


So even if like he was with Washington at the time, I was like, I got a sack. I was like, oh shoot man. There must be something about McNabb. So whenever we play somebody and McNabb's a quarterback, I was like, Hey, I might have a shot. Yeah. It might be AAC night. Was there, so you were one of the first NFL players to like embrace YouTube and embrace like taking, you know, your, your media into your own hands. And at that point, I think a lot of coaches had no idea what players were doing when it came to like promoting themselves via their own channels. Did you, were your coaches like completely cool with it all the time? Like, spice is gonna make another video? No, because when I did that at the time I was, I was a free agent, you know, so I was like at the point where I was about to retire.


I didn't know that. But you know, it had got to the point where I had got released in February and I respect Lovie and everybody for that. 'cause they called me and like the defensive coordinator called me defensive line coach, the linebacker coach, the DB coach. Like everybody called me, like personally. So that's too many calls. Hey, well, sometimes they don't call you at all. Sometimes. Yeah. I know some people who found out on the ESPN bottom ticker Yeah. That they got released or whatever. So I, I Remember when Lovey got fired, Jay was on Waddle and Sylvie, and he found out literally like sitting in studio. He's like, I Gotta go. That's crazy. Yeah. you know what I'm saying? And so I respect them for the fact that, you know, they hit me up or whatever.


But once I retired, well in, in February when I got released, you go through March, that's when everybody's getting their free agents and stuff like that. And then you go through April, may nothing, June, nothing. So now you get into camp and now it's like, Hey, I can't get into nobody's camp, man. I'm calling around calling different coaches or whatever, and I'm just like, dang dog. Like I'm trying to get my 10th year, you know, I got goals, like I want to play to, you know, I still, I got 15 seasons and it's just not, like nothing is, nobody is biting like nothing. And so then you get to the point where, all right, you had camp, now you gotta wait to see if somebody gets hurt.


Yeah. And then they'll call you in or whatever. But in the meantime, like you gotta stay in shape. So you gotta lift weights, you gotta keep running and stuff like that. You gotta make sure you don't get yourself injured, you know? 'cause sometimes you'll go into like, let's just say the Baltimore Ravens, they call you in, they, they want you to work out like you gotta run a 40. Yeah. You gotta do 2 25, you gotta do like all these agility drill. I'm like, dog throw on nine years worth of tape. Right? Like, I ain't like, it's right there. you know what you got, dude, you Got me going up against this 24-year-old that you gonna get league minimum to, and now you got me, if I'm in year, I'm going into year 10. So the minimum you can pay me is a million. So you pay me a million and you pay this, this guy that's 24-year-old, you pay him $200,000 at the time, whatever the minimum was at that time.


And so you're gonna take the 24-year-old every time. Yeah. So why am I coming here running forties and doing all of this stuff? So at that point, I was just like, I'm about to stop chasing this dream. And so around like, I, October, November, I was just like, I just started making the videos and I started getting with guys like Chris Harris, one of my teammates who was just like, he was on Twitter and social media, like real heavy. So I made this video stuff NFL free agent say, this is what I was going through at the time. And I let him see it. I was like, dog, should I post this? He was like, yeah man, you know, we see this all the time in the locker room, but nobody else really get a chance to see how funny you are or whatever.


So I put it out and then it got, you know, a couple hundred thousand views and I was like, man, I might be on to something. So then I just started making a YouTube video. Then I made the retirement video And. it just, it went crazy. Yeah, It went crazy. I mean, your videos are so funny when, whenever you do the old guys and you put on the suit and put Oh yeah. Put in, put in the headphone. Everybody got an uncle like that. When you put in the bl the, the Bluetooth headphone, it's like Superman getting into the phone booth. You just know it. Whatever you're gonna put out there is gonna be amazing. Do you ever do that without video where you just do it just like, Hey, I'm just gonna live a day as this guy. Oh yeah. you know, I, I remember one time I took my wife to Target and I had like this hair dye, like on my face and everything and you know, I was pushing the shopping cart and stuff like that.


And I was going down the aisle that has all the weight equipment. So I'm in there doing curls. I'm like, Hey, how you doing little mama? So, yeah, I, I get it. Like, we at the grocery store, I got on a full blue powder, dumb and dumber suit with the Candy. Oh, I it, and I'm in there like, Hey, make sure you get the crew times for the salad now. you know? So I'm just, it's just me. Like sometimes I come home, I'd be in a yellow suit or something like that, and the kids would be like, oh, dad is shooting a video. Shh. Like, be Quiet. Like, like no, I'm just Wearing a yellow suit. Yeah. It is just, it's just Wednesday. I, I would wear that yellow suit out to like a park and just stand behind trees with my hands. And then wait for somebody to just look at you.


Yeah. And be like, yeah, it's me. He caught me. It's such, It's, I'm in my element. Oh, It's a, it's perfect picture. So I don't, I don't know that I've ever seen the actual video, so I have no context from what the, the entire video was from the entire video. So, so yeah, when you're rubbing your hands behind a tree, what was happening in the video at that moment? Oh, so that's a whole nother deal. So we were taking family pictures actually, and we had a, a professional photographer, everything. So I got like the, you know how it is, I got the jeans with the, the nice cardigan sweater and you know, you taking pictures with your legs crossed and all that. But we, we in this park or whatever.


And so I get an idea. I'm like, let me go to the minivan real quick. I was like, I got like a yellow suit in there. Let me go in there. So I go to where we parked at. I go get in the minivan, you can see the minivan like moving like this. 'cause I'm changing the clothes in there and I, I come out with the yellow suit on and my wife was like, oh my gosh, like, what are you doing now? Like, we are paying money for these pictures. So I'm like, just, just, just take the pictures. Whatever. Like, it'll be cool. And. it was like, I think it'll be cool if I come around a tree. Like, just like I'm looking at you and you know, she just take the picture and so she just start snapping away or whatever.


And then I just posted online, you know, just being funny, whatever. And it just, it went crazy. It's the, It's the perfect picture. It went crazy. I've been all in Australia doing commercials for that. Like, it's crazy. That's company called Super Loop. I'm out in Australia in my yellow suit. Like behind That's What I'm saying, like the fact you played in the NFL for nine years and then the yellow suit behind a tree picture is like, oh yeah, that's him. Yep. And you're, it's crazy. You're also the the guy that stinks to shooting basketballs, right? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That one is, that's, it's an art form making just a, a clip with no sound. That's like a second and a half long that will make you laugh every time you see it. That's, That's where we linked up at.


I was from Minnesota at the Time. Yeah. And that, that literally is like, anytime anyone has a bad shooting night that is auto cat. Here comes spice Alex. I was Four twelve, four hundred and twelve pounds people. Yeah. Like that was, that was said. You Was wild time man. Yeah, that was a wild time man. But it is, it's hard to be that bad, You know What I'm saying? Like, I gotta like really work at it to like be that bad dude. Like, it's just unnatural. Like, 'cause you know, when I, that's all I did was play basketball coming up, man. And I was a big dude, but I could still do everything that little dudes is doing, man. But it's bad. Like it's, it's hard to be that bad and To not just be that bad, but to be bad in such a funny way.


Like, you're missing shots that are the most comedic miss shots of all time. Yes. Right? Yes. Just like, they would normally go in, like, that's the vibe I'm giving where I'm like clapping my hands and I'm like, oh, just miss man. Like there's something going on with my goggles. Like, you know, but it's, it's fun, dude. I did the, the, the Allstar game, the all Allstar game, celebrity Allstar game as as Kareem Bigham And. it was fun, man. It was fun. Like doing the social media has taken me like all across the world, man. Yeah. The funniest part about Kareem Bigham is you, you are trying to intentionally be bad, but the way you move anyone who played, you know, professional sports, they move different than normal human beings. Yes. Like, they just are smoother.


So you're, you're moving like a guy that's like, that guy played somewhere. Yeah. But then you missed the shot. You're like, wait, maybe he didn't, 'cause you could see it. You could just see how athletes move. They just move in a silky smooth way. Dude, The whole thing came about. Like, I, I wasn't even gonna post it. Like, I was doing these crazy moves in my garage. I never think it was like July at the time. June. And it was just like hot. And I didn't have a tripod or nothing. I just put my phone on top of the ladder and I was like, I'm gonna just do all of these moves. And. it just stayed in my phone. And then one day we were in somewhere, my son was in the junior Olympics or something like that.


And, we were off at Ball State and I was falling asleep and the, the Warriors were playing Cleveland at the time. And I was like, as I was falling asleep, I was like, I'm gonna just post this video, dude, like this, it is so stupid. Like I'm gonna post it and I'm gonna slap NBA finals on it. So I, I posted it, I fall asleep and then I wake up to my phone going crazy. Like it was notifications from like all my friends there and there. Everybody's like, yo, Kevin Hart just posted your video. So I'm like, man, chill out, bro. Like, this man is a full-blown comedian, like a rockstar actor. Like, he didn't post my vid.


Maybe he commented on my page, but he didn't post it on his page. Yeah. So I go to this page and it's on there and I'm like, oh shoot, And, it got like, he just posted like 30 minutes ago. They got like 500,000 views on there. I'm like, yeah, do. So then when he posted Snoop Dogg posted, then Jamie Fox posted, then Ludacris posted. I'm like, yeah, do it is crazy. That's amazing. So I had to create an account for Kare Biggs. He got like 300,000 followers and he was on NBA Live 19. Yeah. Like, he was rated 89, like one higher than Magic Johnson. Like he dunking on people. They, dude, I flew out to Canada to Vancouver. They put all the, they put me in that, that big old one Green suit with the Yeah.


The bubbles and stuff on It. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm out there doing moves and all this stuff and they put it in the game, bro. That's amazing's Crazy. That's amazing. Alright, I got a couple last questions. We started with it, but we're not freaking out about Caleb Williams. No, No, it's fine. I think even some of the passes that he missed, like you can see like they're, they're almost there. Yeah. you know what I mean? Like, whereas sometimes you see people throwing skippers or they throwing passes that have no shot. It's like his art, like they're in the area and a lot of 'em come from him leaving the pocket. Right. Which he's kinda wicked when he leaves out the pocket. Yeah. Like so, you know, that's And his eyes, the, the big thing is he got sacked seven times.


He got hit like another whatever, 5, 6, 7 times. That's correct. His eyes stayed downfield. Yeah. Like it wasn't, you know, hopefully it stays that way, but like he's got the confidence still and he got the fuck beat out of him, Bro. The offensive line need to Yeah. Look at this film bro, and correct it and That To go back to the drawing board. Is that coaching or, or is it, is it something that could be fixed? Because it did feel like, yes, maybe they aren't the most talented group, but it also is like, it feels like they're not blocking as a team too. Maybe they need to fix it scheme wise. Yeah, because I think that's, that's, that's who we have. Yeah. Right now, like the backups probably can't do any better than that.


Right. you know what I mean? So you gotta find ways where you can protect those guys, you know what I mean? Whether that's three step drops or that's quick passing or something like that. Yeah, yeah. Like whereas like sprint outs or bootlegs or something, like get him on a move, run more screens or something. Like run more draws. Like put Herbert and Swift out there at the same time. Like create some type of mismatches. Like just get creative man so that you could, you know, hide where you're weak at. Yeah. How bad did that suck as a defensive lineman when you got caught on a screen, you're like thinking, oh my God, I got a free run at the quarterback, I'm gonna get a sack. Oh shit. Now I have to run all the way back downfield.


Not many times because when you're in a position like me and you can't afford to make mistakes like that because they'll just replace you. So, and then I know for a fact if you're not blocking me, like I'm automatically looking like so Shit, Something's up. That was never like one of my weaknesses. If I was a, like a, a three technique, like you may could get me on a trap or something like that. But a screen that was Where is everyone? That was my brand of butter, dude. Like, I'm not saying like, I was like that guy when it came to like people running screens, but I, you couldn't really, there's no way You're not gonna block me.


I'm like, it's something up. Right. There's Always, there's that one moment when usually it's like a defensive end and they take those two steps and then they realize what's happening and you can see the look on their face. They're like, oh no, this is Too easy. You'll never get peppers, you'll never get Julius and Rod Marelli had us so tight that by the snap of the ball, I already know what you're doing or I already know what you're gonna try to do. I know from the depth of your steps, I know from the double team. I know if it's a true double team or if it's just one where you're trying to get up to the linebacker. Rod Marelli is the guru when it comes to defensive line play. And once I got under his tutelage, it was like he, he basically put three years onto my career.


That's cool. For sure. You Never played for Tom Sole, did you? No. Oh, he's our guy. That was after We love Jim. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, I got one last question for you, spice. It's


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs Polos. Hoodies, joggers, shorts. See this? Oh, all of it. He's doing it off the rip. Dang. I close my eyes. Rollback dot com. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. 20% off QIPs Polos. Hoodies. Joggers shorts. Best, best clothes out there. I'm Impressed.


Bad memory, but the, the NFC championship. Ah, first of all, do you h in everyone up is an all time clip. It is, it is. That was a hyping everyone up a good time. I actually, it's, I I just wanted to say I don't think the defense gets enough credit in that game with Jay getting hurt and the Packers, I remember so vividly the Packers go down the field. I think you remember. I know, but all right, so I I'm giving you credit here. This is going, this is going back to credit packers go down the field in the first drive. And I was like, oh, fuck yeah, this is a problem. Yeah. You guys locked it up the rest of the day. Yeah, because I know that they had a short field and scored another touchdown and then the BJ Raji pick six. But you guys were lights out after that first drive.


And it's like, obviously the game became about Jay getting hurt and Todd Collins and, and killed Beanie Don. But you guys were, don't even say Todd Collins name. You guys, you guys were playing lights out. The, the, I mean the second half didn't, they didn't score Except for Vichi. I looked myself in the mirror the night before and I was like, don't you beat a guy to say I was one game away from the Super Bowl? Don't be that guy. And here I am, man. I just wanted to give you credit. It was because that was, that you guys Did right? The first two drives they scored. Yeah. Yes, they were. And and then That was it offensively. That was it. I was like, this is this. They're gonna score a million points today. This is, there's no Stopping. They had just put up 45, I think on Atlanta.


Yeah. And that's how we got home field advantage. Yeah. But oh man, it was, it was one play where LA had got a pick where I felt like, dude, I gave everything I had dog. If I would've just got one hand on Aaron Rogers to like block him, he, he probably wouldn't have tackled that. you know what I'm saying? So I'm like, we, we had a stunt, me and Tommy Harris, and I got to the point where I took my guy and I just drove him back and I just, I had no more legs. And so after like we, we took Rogers out of the pocket and I'm just, I'm at this point, I'm running so fast and so hard.


Like I'm, I'm falling on my face now. Like I just gave everything I got and the only thing that I had left was just this arm swipe right here at Rogers. But if I had a little bit more balance and strength, I could at least just like pushed him where that would've took his angle off of tripping up. Lack on that interception. And that's the thing that I think about the most. Shit. Well, sorry for bringing it up. I wanted to give you credit because I think that, that, that game gets lost in everyone's brain where it's like, Dude, oh, it's took a backup. A high power offense. I know, man. Lights and they scored 14 points on us, man.


And that was it. That wins you the game And. it was so cold that day. It was Like, if you could hold a offense, a high power offense to only 14 points, I you should win that game. Did you like playing the cold? Oh, I love playing. I don't get tired in the Cold. No sleeves. Oh Yeah. Like a big dog. No, none at all. Yeah. Period. Yeah. Like you just throw the Vaseline on out, baby. Yeah, That's yo baby. You clog the pores up. Let's go. The coldest game I played in, it was a January 3rd night game we played against Green Bay. It was so cold. If you drunk water and you spit it out, it would turn the icicles before it hit the ground. That was by far one of the coldest. I've never went like the, the bench was heated.


So you'd go and sit on a bench, like when they had like a TV timeout, then you'll come back out. And then they had like, the Gatorade bottles was filled with like chicken noodle soup. I love that. Yeah. The the bone broth. The Steamy bone broth. Yeah. You think that big old Gatorade thing is all of Gatorade? That's chicken noodle. Soup. Soup. Did, Did they have the oxygen on the sidelines for you? I ain't need it then. Like I need it when it's hot. Yeah, yeah. But I don't need the oxygen when it's cold out there, man. I'm like a, like a real live bear. Like for real. Like that's just, I'm in my element then, man. Yeah. Then at that time I was like 310 pounds, 305 pounds. I'm like, let's go. I was, I was a little wider back then too. Yeah.


Alright, well Spice, you're the man. We will definitely come back anytime. Oh man. That's love having you on. So Yeah, it was way too long since the last time I, that must've been like what, 2018? 20 17, 20 18. That's Crazy. You do look like you could still play. Yeah, man. That's what I'm, I'm going for man. I, I told everybody, man Ryan pose, everybody say, man, I can give you 20 plays, bro. Not in a row. Yeah. But I can give you 20. Gimme some goal lines. Some like 31 when you know they gonna run. I can get out there man. Mix it up. You know what I'm saying? How fast would you get hurt? Whew. I don't know man. I, I would like to find out. Be fun.


Let me find out for myself. Yeah, I mean they do like me. The Yankees do like old timers day. Why don't the Bears? Yeah man, I'm not practicing. Just put me out in the games and then we'll see. Yeah. Attractions out in like warmups and see how I do man. Man. Yeah. Yeah. See if you could stay on GTD man. Yeah. Gametime decision every week. Alright, well thanks so much Spice. Appreciate it. Yes sir. Anytime Baby


Spice was brought to you by our great friends over at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take, there's only one pickup truck, the Chevy Silverado. Why is that? Silverado's a partner. It's a partner and you can depend on, we've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of part of my take Jobs, adventures and other shenanigans. They just pulled one up outside the office the other week. Did you see the new Silverado? So nice. That thing is a beast. That thing looks incredible. It was the Silverado ev I think that they pulled up. That's a great, great truck. Silverado has helped us throughout the years. It's gotten us around at Grit Weeks. They sponsor the Low Man Trophy every year. They helped give Fullbacks the recognition that they deserve. And this year the Silverado was out west with us in California. It drove us all around California, all around LA Took us down to the beach, took us up to the training camps. We love riding the Silverado. We love driving the Silverado. It's a beautiful truck. It's awesome. It is a gritty truck. Legendary grit. Paired with modern truck tech. That's what you get with a Silverado. They've got massive screens, up to eight cameras with 14 different views to help make driving, towing and parking all easier. And the new bold blacked out look of the Silverado HD Trail Boss is Chef's Kiss. That thing is sweet. So head over to chevy.com, build your own Silverado or your Silverado hd. Check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck, the Chevy Silverado.


Welcome back to another


Fire Fest of the week. Brought to you by our friends at Morgan and Morgan. You know what really sucks having to look at Hank making faces at us all podcast. you know else what Hank this really sucks right now. That was face. You just did a face. You just did face This really sucks. Everyone can agree this really sucks. you know what doesn't suck is calling Morgan Morgan if you're injured because they can help get you what you deserve. If you are injured, that sucks too. But just know what doesn't suck is calling Morgan. Morgan. They will get you what you deserve. While they can't help having to stare at Hank on the couch all episode, they can help fight to get you full and fair compensation when you're injured. Their fee is free unless they win For. more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. Fire Fest of the Week. Henry. Nothing too crazy. Good. I'm happy. I've relapsed though. Oh no. On Game of Thrones. Oh, Okay. You've gone back. I feel like A lot of people are doing that now. There's been enough time. Yeah, I think, I think it was House of Dragon ended and I just started watching Game of Thrones. I saw a TikTok edit and now my TikTok is just Game of Thrones and I'm just, I'm deep. Is it better the second time through? It's good. But it's getting to like season five, season six, where things get sad or things get bad and then it's gonna get sad.


Yeah, it's get sad and then it's gonna get bad. Yeah. Are you gonna watch the final season? Yeah, I probably will. Did you watch Red Wedding? Yep. That was crazy. That Thateveryone got Killed. It was good. Everyone killed. It was nuts. But yeah, So that's it. That's, that's not bad. Your Fire Fest is you're watching a show that you like. I guess the Fire Fest would be, we're in like the greatest sports time of the year and Hank's gonna watch a show he already watched. Well It's not like I'm watching it over sports. Yeah, Exactly. It's not like, it's not like you don't have two TVs you can watch Game of Thrones and, and Sports. I can't wait for October. Baseball Max on the stream. Same. Same. I'm so excited.


We gotta all bet on the Phillies. I Gotta, I gotta stick with my Padres That everyone just shitting on me yesterday. you know, whatever. I got dunked on my max, but all I could think of was just The Phillies. Yeah, the Phils. Yeah, That's my that Well, Go Ahead. I might Do Well if you're talking about it now, but that's Go Ahead. Go ahead. Do your fire fest. The Playoff baseball's coming and I, I can't handle it. Winter. Winter is coming. Winter's coming. Meme playoff. I've Thinking about it. I've been thinking about it all Week. That's a good tie in. All right, I'm gonna look right now. I mean, max, this is your best. Can we get the overalls back? I got it. I look ridiculous. I got a new, they sent me a new pair.


Yeah, A new pair Of overalls. They look so sick. Yeah, I love that Dave is in on it too. I don't love that. All right, I'm looking it up right now. Max, what's The worst case scenario? First round loss or World Series loss? First round loss. You think so? You're gonna be so much more upset if it's the World Series again. Yeah. What if it's, what if the Yankees Between the World Series? I just, yeah, that's, that's my only fear is that it's Yankees. Phillies. 'cause I actually will have to root for The Phillies. That would be awesome. But then Did you imagine you and I on the same squad? Yeah. Then Dave would get so mad at you if the Yankees beat the Phillies.


Yeah, we can't, we can't, we can't have that app and like we can't Taskforce Case. It's gotta be the Orioles. It's not gonna be the Yankees, right. What did we just have a draft pick come in? What was that? Memes. Memes. What was that? My bad, when I downloaded all the apps to my phone, I just get a thousand notifications from every app. And your notification is the draft pick, is it? Yeah. That's kind of cool. Yeah, That's a football guy. That's very cool. Yeah, max, I'm very excited for the Phillies. I'm very excited for just to watch it all. Alright, I'm doing this right now. so if you did Phillies to win the World Series Eagles to win the Super Bowl and Villanova to win the national championship and you put a hundred dollars on it, you'd win $799,000.


Title Town. I like that Title. Town. Villanova's gonna be horrible this year. Although I think they might beat Maryland and football this weekend. What's just Eagles and Birds? Eagle? Well, Eagles and birds would just be 11 to one. 'cause that's the the same team. What? Yeah, I mean Eagles and Phils. Sorry. Eagles and Phils would be a hundred to win 7,000. I'm gonna, you know what, let's do, alright, so Villanova's out Sixers, they're gonna be show bad Sixers, Sixers, Sixers seven Sixers. Title town Max Title town 70. Sixers could win it all. They could. Sixers are gonna be good this year. It would be really good. Hank's gonna be fucking rooting up a storm for Yahoo. Okay, so this might be it if you do Sixers, Eagles, Phillies, a thousand bucks wins.


684,000 title town. I like that Max. Have a little faith in your boys. Have some faith in the boys. Sierra Iron's gonna figure this thing out. We should actually just bet it for all of them to make it to the finals. Who's the Best coach you got? Who's the best coach in Philly right now? Jay Wright? Yeah, it would be Jay Wright. Probably topper Rob Thompson. Yeah, I mean, I like Nick nurse too, honestly. Yeah, Siri's probably third In that. Well he is not even the coach. I don't know. Shalin Hurts. Name Is the fire's coach. Big Tom's a coach. Alright. PFT. Your fire fests All. So my fire fest of the week has been going on all week. I don't know if it's the fact that I moved into my house like a year and a half ago or what it is, but my smoke detectors have been beeping at me all week.


Gotta Change the batteries. I agree. Here's where the real fire fest comes in. How hardwired are they? Hardwired. You don't have a screwdriver, You don't know what a battery is. They're too Tall for me. Tall. A ladder I'll come into for you tall. I'll do it. I, I'll come over, Have a step, I have a step Stool. I'll come over and It's, you know, like it's a normal step stool where I can probably get up, I don't know, like nine feet. It's got two levels on it. I don't have a ladder. And so every time I get this beeping sound I have, I I bring the step stool over there every time just to get on my tippy toes and I can touch, I can touch the thing and I'm like trying to turn it and, and unscrew it so I can put the battery in and it's just at the tip of my fingers where it's enough to make me think I can do it.


If I get up high, if I put on my tallest pair of shoes, you have like a, A dictionary or something, you can stand on top of the step Stool. But, so that's what I've started to do. So I have changed two of them already. And then the third one started beeping on me this morning. The, the previous two one, I had to pull a desk over to stand on the desk. The desk isn't that sturdy. Ah. So I felt like that was bad. The second one, I went down to the kitchen. I have a bar height chair. I brought the kitchen chair up because it's a little bit taller and I was able to do the second one, but again, I almost fell over on that one. And then today the last one started beeping. And I'm not, I don't feel confident in my game on either the desk or the step stool. So I have to figure out one way to make myself taller without, I think what you need to do is find like Danny Lance, he's tall.


Someone who, someone who's in the office I need to, but won't be like, oh, I had this person come over. I need to invite a man over to my house. A Man but a man Who won't tell anybody when he Came over. Correct. Are there any services like that online? If I just Google? Yeah. Tall men. Yeah. Tall men to come over to my house Must be very discreet. So you got a problem. That's What I'm looking for. Can't reach it. I I need somebody to your Pipes clocked to, To help me unscrew this thing. Can do it. I Need, I need a man with big hands to come over. That sucks. I could do it for you. No, it's okay. I think I'll just like, I I won't do the second part, not talk about it. I think I'll just let it beep. Okay. I think that's probably my plan. You Gotta wait till like Yeah, just wait till you have a party and then have someone just do it.


Who's at the party. I'll be Like, oh shit, that's just went off. Oh, that's funny. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. If you help me real Quick, I might have a, I might have people over on Saturday to watch some college football. Yeah. Hype Party and just bring white boy Rick over. Yeah. And it's just him. Alright, so I got that. My other fire fest is, so we are, we're playing Pup Punk is playing tonight. Buford's on West sixth Street in Austin, which is gonna be a great time. I'm very excited about it. It's a free show if you wanna come out. It's gonna be a blast come party with us afterwards. But we're playing Freebird and it's the song You got this that I've been trying to learn for the last, what, four years. I said I was gonna do it and now it's nut cut in time and I don't know if I'm ready, but I think I'm might be ready. You got it. But you got, it's so hard.


You got it. It's so hard. You got this Freebird. It's Freebird Friday. You got It. That'd be awesome. Free Bird's making a comeback. Yeah, it is. I saw the, yeah, the the recorder guy. The Guy playing on the recorder. Yeah. There was a girl playing on the bagpipes last Week. Fucking love It. Freebird, maybe it never went away. It was inside of a snow. No, He always played Freebird. Alright. My fire fest. I need, similar to Max's sleeping thing I need a's help. So I've been trying, we've been talking about getting healthy for, for our 40th birthday. We are. I I am, I've been lifting like three, four times a week, but I don't have enough time in the day, so I've been trying to wake up early. I I have started by setting a mental alarm clock. It's six. Like you already wake up early. Well, yeah I do, but this is like earlier than early.


So my real alarm clock is set every morning for six 50. My mental alarm clock I set for 6:00 AM I've been setting my mental alarm clock for a month. This week was the first time I actually didn't hit the mental snooze and went and worked out at 6:00 AM It completely wrecked me. I've been so tired since. How do people do it? How do you get up? I just wanna, I have all, I have a gym in my house, so it's like I, I just have to go downstairs. I, there's, everything's there. It's as easy as possible. I don't have to leave my house. I just need to get up and get outta my bed at 6:00 AM and that gives me 50 minutes to work out before I gotta take the kids to school. How do you do it? What do you mean by mental alarm Clock?


I don't wanna wake up my wife. So I set a mental alarm clock. So my eyes, I, I'm pretty good at like setting a mental alarm clock. I will wake up at six o'clock pretty much every morning, but I then hit the mental snooze. Do you check Your phone? Do you the fan app still? I have a fan of, I do the OG real thing. I was gonna say, if you have, I use the fan app and if you just have that you can set an alarm on that so it turns off. But I don't wanna wake up my wife so I have to, the mental alarm is me just literally opening my eyes at six every night I go to bed, I'm like, open your eyes at six o'clock. And I do it. Yeah, that makes no sense. I do it pretty much, I probably do it like six outta seven times a week. It's just then getting up after my mental alarm Goes off.


So What do you do after your mental alarm goes off, do you, do you sit in bed and you putting Your phone? No, I hit the mental snooze. So you just go back to sleep? Yeah. Okay. Put your phone on the other side of the room. Well it's not, it's A mental Alarm. Not if it's the mental alarm, but Like if your phone need To, to put your brain on your, don't want Stop talking about the phone. You keep, Your phone is not go Apps and Then the phone, the phone is alright. Forget it. Well, the phone, but hank the phone is not the whole point is I have to be able to wake up without anything going off because then I can sneak out of the, the room and not wake anyone else Up. Right. But if your mental alarm, you wake up and then you wanna check your phone, you still have to get up to go check it. But I know when my mental alarm goes off, I know it's six o'clock and I just go right back to Sleep. Can I give you a tip? Start chugging water before you go to sleep.


Because that way when you wake up, up in the morning and your mental alarm goes off, you'll have to wake up, get outta bed, go piss, and then you'll already get the blood moving. You'll get pissed moving your body's awake. Yeah. Maybe That's a good idea. Yeah, I think you need a chug a shit load of water right at bedtime. I don't Understand how people do it, how people wake up early and work out. I should do it four days a week. Five 30. Five 30 lifts. It's crazy. I can't believe that that, that was once like a daily, like a, a routine in my life. I used to do that before work too, when I had a real job and you get into this, this zone where you just wake up at 5 30, 6 o'clock every day. Yeah. I I never got used to it. I hated it every single time. Yeah. And I can't, yeah, like it's, there's nights when we're here till like one in the morning, so it just kind of fucks everything else.


You take Any pre-workout? I don't. Okay. So what you could do is just, Is have like a shot of pre-workout right next to my bed. Yeah. What you do is you set the alarm, you set your, your mental alarm for five 30 and then you wake up at five 30, take the shot of the pre-workout, hit the mental snooze, and then as you're hitting the mental snooze hit the mental re wake up at six o'clock. Yeah. And then you'll open your eyes at six ready to go. It's Not a bad idea. Yeah. Everyone, everyone, everyone who talks about getting up early, they're like, you just gotta get through the first couple of days. No. And it becomes routine. No, there's no way that, that they're wrong. There's no way that, like there could be someone who wakes up at five 30 in the morning and go work out every day and has done it for a year. There's still no way that it's fun.


No. Well I think some people are just there, there are people who can do that and there are people there can't. Well, and also there are people who just go to bed at like eight o'clock. Like do you guys have friends? I have a friend who goes to sleep at like eight 30. I don't trust. I don't trust. It's insane. That Sounds like a loser if you go to sleep before. I agree. But it's insane that he does it and it's just like, what, I guess Sure. Eight 30 or nine if you, if you work at a certain type of job, like if you're a teacher, sometimes you have to wake up super early. Don't just get less sleep. That's what I do. I have to get up at six 50 every morning. I still don't go to sleep. Yeah, I know. I also fix the dog problem. You killed it. Oh God. I didn't hear you say that. No, Hank reminded me.


Just, I just got a sound machine and I just haven't woken up since. That's the easiest. That was, it was the easiest. What about the snoring problem? Also kind of fix that. How I got, I I went the mouth tape was a problem before because I couldn't Actually Because you ate It? No. Well I wasn't eating it. But you did eat it once? No, I never ate it. But I got the, the, the breathing strips and the mouth tape because the breathing strips help me breathe through the nose while I'm sleeping. So You much look like Hannibal Lecter when you Yeah. You, you, when you get ready to go to bed, it is like, is he going to play a football game or is he going to going to bed? Exactly. No. Yes, that is the thing. Yesterday I woke up and there was also like a, there was almost like a bruise on my nose from the, from the strip.


I don't, It's probably 'cause you were trying to eat it. I don't know. That's You trying to eat your nose. How would I get, how would I even do that? Your body, you do, you cra you eat in the middle of your sleep. Don't do That. Your body's rejecting the the breathe right strip. That's what it sounds like to me. You just want me to continue? You just want me to continue to have these problems? No, No shit. I want you duh. I I want you to continue to diet with us. I'm dieting. Oh, So you're gonna do maybe that's, do you think that's what's helped The, the one we, I, I mean I also had a cheat meal last night. That's all right. You meatball. It was meatballs. Meatballs. You have cheat meals. Calories and calories out. Yeah. That's all it matters. Had healthy day otherwise. Yeah. Yeah. But then I had like whatever.


All right, you're fine. Yeah. Okay. Good. Show boys numbers 9 11 3 72 99. Pug. He's back eight Memes in PFT. Have you ever gotten this? No, I've not gotten It. I don't think eight's in there. 93. 93 Nines are hot. Nines are hot. See everyone Sunday. Love you guys.