
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon My Take. We've got an awesome, awesome two for, for the people. We got Steve Young Hall of Famer, incredible interview with him. First time on, we've been trying to get him on for a really long time. And then we have a great interview with head coach Kenny Dillingham from the Arizona State. Sun Devils really fun talking to him, talking about the college football playoff, winning the Big 12, maybe PFT trying out for kicker next year. We're gonna talk some Monday night football.


We're gonna talk some college football. We got Hot Seat, cool throne. We got guys on chicks.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. It's the most wonderful time of the year holidays on the house at DraftKings Casino. With this season offerings, you'll unwrap everything on your list. Exclusive games, huge jackpots, and exciting rewards. DraftKings is offering a warm welcome to new players with $100 instantly in casino credits with just a $10 wager. Plus, everyone can get in on the action with a holiday reward every week. So sign up with code take, because the holiday cheer is here only on the DraftKings Casino, so go check it out. Right now on the DraftKings Casino, we also have all of our bets on the DraftKings Sports Book app. Go do it right now. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly 21 and over physically. President Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, only void in Ontario. Eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only opt-in required casino credits are non withdrawal and expire in 168 hours. Terms at casino dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. My take. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings DraftKings, offering a warm welcome to new players with $100 instantly in casino credits with just a $10 wager. Plus everyone can get in on the action with a holiday reward every week. So sign up with code take, because the holiday cheer is here only on the DraftKings Casino.


Today is Wednesday, December 11th and PFTI kind of want to believe in the Bengals again. Let's go. Jamar Chase is so goddamn good. Yeah, it's actually insane to watch. And I know the Cowboys are bad and I know the Bengals are bad, but I don't like Jamar Chase what he's doing this year. And every single play he feels like he's open. And even if he's not open, Joe Burrow's gonna throw it to him and then he will get open. That was, it's too little too late for the Bengals. But even still watching them and watching their offense, and obviously we had the Leon let play by the Cowboys, which was Peak Cowboys and Mike McCarthy giving us our, his patented stare up at the Jumbotron being like, how can I reverse what just happened?


I have a, a suggestion from Mike McCarthy. 'cause this happens to him a lot. Something bad happens, you know, something bad has just happened in the game. As head coach, he forces himself to watch the replay of that bad thing over and over and just sit in that pain. Yeah, Mike, you gotta you gotta stop doing that. You gotta stop subjecting yourself to just trauma repeatedly over and over again. If something bad happens, find yell at somebody, which he did do last night. Yeah. Mike McCarthy. Was he, I I don't think that this is, is this Mike McCarthy's best coaching job? It might Be be he also assaulted a camera man. He did assaulted The camera man. But You, you're right, like it's, it, I I will for forever. Like, I could be on my deathbed and I'll be, and someone will be like, Hey, describe Mike McCarthy staring at a play that he wants to will into reversing.


And it's like seared in my brain. It's that same dumb look where he looks up and he's like, if I stare at this jumbotron long enough with my fat chins, I can get everything to change. And it never changes. And Dallas was the worst place for him to go because they have a giant screen hanging directly above the field. If it was anywhere else, you're just gonna see him staring off into the distance. Yeah. But yeah, but this, it, it's something that we see all the time from him. That was a weird way to end the game. And Joe bro said it best, like, it's about time that one of these broke in our favor. Yeah. He finally got a bounce And McCarthy talked about what happened after the play. He said that the crowd actually had a lot to do with it, so the punt was blocked. And then I, I don't know, how do you pronounce the guy's name?


I, I don't know. I, Yeah, he just came off injured reserve, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna butcher it if I try to do it, but he heard the crowd and the crowd was excited because the punt was blocked and he saw the ball in front of him and it was just one of those moments grab ball. He called it a vice moment where he was stuck in a vice. Yeah. Sea ball tried to grab ball. It didn't work out for 'em. But yeah, I guess it's nice to see the Bengals win a, a game as you know, after the, they've lost so many games where they played good enough to beat almost any other team. Right. If their defense wasn't so bad. Right. And this one, they didn't play exceptionally well, but they, they managed to figure out a way to win at the end. And Yeah, don't take anything away from, from Chase Young and Joe, because what they're doing is just crazy.


It's crazy. It always works. It's crazy. And I, I know the Bengals have virtually no chance of can we pull up the, the playoff predictor. I mean, I think it's like 10% chance for something they'd have to run the table. The one good news for them is they do play the Broncos in a couple weeks and Broncos are the seven seed right now. But I think they would need, I think they would have to win out. I think the cults will have to beat the, or the cults would've to beat the Broncos and the cults would've to, to lose out. And the Broncos would also have to lose out. So it's, what is it, 3%, 3% a chance. It's not even close to 10%. But it would just be, it's fun. I just want them to have a chance in week 18. I don't think they're gonna get it, but it's there.


There's so much fun to watch. And Joe Burrow's having an all time year and you just sit there and you look at it and it's torture for Bengals fans because they can look at every game and be like, man, if we had just gotten one bounce, if they, if they had six wins right now, if they were six and seven, they would have a legitimate chance of, of running the table and making the playoffs. But just one bounce didn't go their way until last night. I do like the headline that they put on ESPN afterwards. Gaff hurts. Cowboys playoff Hopes. Yeah. That's one way to look at it. That was that they were in the playoffs. Yeah. Okay. They, they had hopes of being In the playoffs. They had hopes. They had hopes. I wanna talk real quick about the Simpsons broadcast. Yeah. Because I am, I'm a Simpsons freak.


I love The Simpsons. I think seasons like three through eight are maybe some of the best television to ever be written and produced. Okay. I did watch the first half of The Simpsons broadcast last night, and I don't know why it took me so long to remember this. The Simpsons are a million times better in 2D. Yeah. The Simpsons in 3D. Not that fun. Yeah. I still watched it because it just made me think about being a kid watching The Simpsons again. I, I tried. It was so far behind. It wasn't very far behind It. It's just too, it was too, it's hard to watch game knowing that like you're two minutes behind. Yeah.


It's, it's actually torturous being like, oh, I, I wonder what happened. I already could know what happened if I was watching the real broadcast. So I watched, I actually watched with my son for like, maybe 10 minutes. He was a little confused because he doesn't know who the Simpsons are. That's the other thing is like the Simpsons. I, I feel like our demographic, yes. That's when The Simpsons was gold. They've been on TV forever, but I don't feel like kids are growing up watching The Simpsons right now. I Wasn't even allowed to watch The Simpsons. Oh Really? Yeah. It was like not a, it was not like a kid show. Yeah. Yeah. It was kind of bad boy stuff. If Hank had watched the Simpson, I wasn't allowed to watch Married with Children. Yeah. That was, that would come on after The Simpsons. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If Hank had grown up watching The Simpsons, he would be a real shithead today. Yeah. He'd be like sarcastic and a hater and have a smart mouth.


Simpson's Road rage though. 3D Game. Elite game. Yes. Yeah. It's like Simpson's, GTA. Oh, yeah. But it, I I think that if they had made all the players different characters on The Simpsons, that would've been a little bit better. But I, I started figure out after like the second drive, whenever a player got on the field as like a Simpson's character. It Was gonna be that, Like when Homer was, was Cooper Rush and he was like, here we do. Which they should have said it was a key that that guy was gonna do something great. Ah, like Ralph Ham does not have that type of lateral quickness. He doesn't have that Dog in him either. Either When he gets put in at wide receiver, you know, he's about to break the game over. Yeah. Who, and I saw Lisa made that catch for a touchdown. Yeah. Lisa did a little tiptoe down the sidelines. Yeah. That was sick.


She did not, Lisa did the Chase Brown play. She Did the Chase Young. She did not jump into the big Salvation Army pot at the end. Yes. The sex cauldron. That Was cool. But yeah, Ralph Wigga, I give Ralph Wigga. He's my, he's my Gruden grinder. Okay. Nice. Yeah. I I I'm, I'm happy they tried. I don't know. You just can't be that far behind. Yeah. I watched like one, maybe one drive. Not even Just Can't be that far behind. We just need a time when they do one of these alternate broadcasts where they're cartoons and there's something like crazy and violent that happens on the field. Like You need the Miles, Garrett, You need a Miles Garrett, you need a malice at the palace. You need a fight between the two teams. Pepper Spray. We don't root. Yeah. Pepper spray would be great. We don't root for injuries. But seeing how they would deal with like Homer Simpson having a, a compound fracture.


DeMar Hamlin. Yeah. DeMar Hamlin in a game. Pray, pray, pray prayers for most Hila. Yeah. In the South Park game that they do when they substitute Kenny in for DeMar Hamlin. Yeah. You know, something bad's about to happen, It's gonna get really bad. What were you gonna say, max? Did you try to watch it? I did some of the plays. You couldn't even see what was going on. I know, like the, the camera angles were crazy. They, they did one like drone view that was literally looked like you're watching from outer space. You couldn't see a single thing that was Yeah. I think that happens when something goes wrong with a technology and they have like the far end zone camera where you can't see anything. Yeah. I think that's what that was. But yeah, there were a few of those in the first half.


Yeah. They need To sack up and just do it with no, like that's just the main broadcast. Yeah. Where it's like, this is the only way you can watch football tonight. I I, I actually would respect that because you wouldn't know there was a delay. That would fun. Just be, that would be it. Have Joe Buck and Troy Aikman seriously calling the game. Yeah. So funny. Oh, I mean, no, they gotta get Al Michaels doing that game. Yeah. Wait, so Max you watch you're, you're on a Monday night guy? I watched some of it. Okay. What'd you think? I didn't like it. Okay. That was, that was the review. That's my take. Put put, put it out there. That's the review. Okay. So just to clean up on week 14, it does feel we're, we're down the home stretch. Everyone's done with their buys, everyone's ready to go.


Four games left. It feels like the playoff picture is pretty clear in that we know there's like a handful of teams that are still in it. And there's in the hunt stuff is they gotta clean it up at this point. Because I think, I mean the Cowboys, the Bears being those was the Patriots graphic. Were were they were in the hunt. Yes. I they have, they've been eliminated. Now that's, That's patronizing. Yeah. That's Unbelievable. But technically in the NFCI think, I think 15 outta the 16 teams are still not eliminated. Which is can we just, we need a, a different elimination tag where it's like you're, you're not technically eliminated, but dude, get, get a fucking grip. Yeah. Code blue. Every, everyone from the saints on down, saints cowboys, bears, Panthers.


Just just be like, Hey, I know technically not, but you're, you're brain dead. If you're actually thinking This. The Panthers still being in the hunt is just wild. No one wants to play 'em, no one wants to play Panthers right now. Very Good to, no one wants to play. Well that's because the NFC south is always the NFC South keeps everyone in the hunt for as long as possible. Yeah. That, that in the hunt graphic. Man, I used to love that in the hunt graphic until I realized what it was doing to me. Yeah. Now Hope. Now you're now you're now you're out of the, in the hunt. You're I'm Eating. You're in it. You're in the, you're in it for now. All the way in it. A bet. So there was one thing, story we should probably talk about NFL before we talk a little college football. What, what's this gonna be?


This is gonna be Brandon Graham from the Philadelphia Eagles going on a radio show on Monday and essentially saying that Jalen Herz and AJ Brown don't fuck with each other. They don't like each other. They, no, they used to fuck with Each other. They used to be friends. They used to be friends. They ain't friends anymore. And now they're, now they're just teammates. That's Not what he said trouble in paradise. That's not What he said. What did he say? He said that they used to be friends before being teammates. They were friends before the, like the draft. And then when you become teammates, things can get a little bit dicey. And he made assumptions after watching that video without knowing anything.


And that's what he said after the fact that no one else is picking up on that, on that part of his statement. Oh, You're saying no one's picking up on the, the part of the statement where after he said what he said and everyone was like, Ooh, this sounds bad. He then did a retraction. We shouldn't we shouldn't note the retraction where he was like, yeah. Oh, I stepped in it. I maybe shouldn't have said this. No, he was just making assumptions. He doesn't know anything and that he was just making assumptions just like everyone else was watching the video. So, so Brandon Graham watching, he doesn't have any further context to this than you or I would have watching the Eagle play on television. Nope. He's just a Fan. That's what he said. It was great too, because then to got involved with Donovan Mc, it's just like Peak Philadelphia.


Yeah. Say it to me, to my face. Yeah, don't say it through the media. We actually should just play the, the video I sent you Max. Now, I dunno if you guys saw this, but this is, I, I actually think that this might be a sign that the Eagles are ready to go on a Super Bowl run because they're what, 11 in two and they've won how many games in a row max? Eight games in a row, nine games in a row, Nine games in a Row, nine games in a row. Everything's going well. They now have players talking about players. Old players talking about old players. And this was, this was after. I think this is a crossing Broad Guys. They did a good job with this. Kyle Pagan. He's a good, he does a good job. Yeah. So shout out to him. Great video. This is after the Eagles have won their ninth game in a row.


He interviewed people coming out of the link. And this is, I saw this video and I was like, this could not sum up the Philadelphia Eagle fan base more and I wouldn't have it any other way. So go ahead, play the video. Carolina Panthers, I Dunno why we're struggling with Carolina. They sunk. They went two and 15 Last year. Sk, we Shoulda have fucking Killed them And we won. Herz is not the answer. That sounds like Max. We have a number one defense running back. Jalen Hertz is not the answer. I would Never say that. Time Win Hearts balling out. It's like he didn't do anything. He get a new quarterback, maybe a draft like Jackson Dot or like Jalen Miller Brown not getting enough touches.


I Include EEG Brown man. I Would not let Nick Siri come to the game within the first half because then he couldn't call the first set of plays and he can let Lan Moore just run Saquon Barkley the entire time And we would win the game within the first half. We gotta run the ball. I don't know what we're doing. Why second it? What run the freaking football. What would you do differently if you coached? I would give Saquon the ball every time. And I would pass AJ Brown when he opens that easy. Nick Sani. The Eagles should have won my more. I'm disappointed. 12 and a half point favorites. You gotta smack these dudes. They were just jerking around, jerking around, jerking around. Stop jerking around and beat the teams you need to beat still Super Bowl hosts. Oh yeah, absolutely. At the end of the day, we're all fucking delusional. We go to the bow, you victory swing.


Go Birds baby. Never in down Miss. It's hard to win in this league. True or false. So true. It's hard to win in this league. True or false? True. But a win is a win isn't it? Win's always a win. It's the last night of the ERAS Tour, so I'm looking forward to getting home and live streaming that. But the birds are great. Go Birds. Taylor's and Eagles fan. Go. I mean that's just, there are nine wins. Could you imagine what I'd be saying if I was an 11 and two team, if the Bears were 11 and two and nine wins in a row, like having people be like, yeah, Jalen hurt's. Not the guy we need. Jalen Mill Row or Jackson. Jackson Dart was a great one. Yeah. Next If gets fucking suck. Max as a, as an Eagles fan, what would your reaction be if the Eagles team booed you guys?


Oh, reverse Boo. They might need to turn it around. Yeah. Well I mean that, that would just turn into a disaster. It'd be a boo off in theory. In theory. I would appreciate it and I would understand it. Yeah. But in reality it would be a disaster. I don't know. 'cause people would get so angry. I mean, it would basically, like when Nick Ani started yelling at the fans, it might in the Rounds game, but it, it might end up like resulting in good things Gotta go. It Would the most Philly story of all time. Like the Eagles start booing you guys, you boo them back and then they just don't stop winning. No, no, no. Because then that would be Civil war. You can't have civil, you can't have Civil War House Divided.


Yeah, it has, it has to be a one way street. I'm sorry, it has to be a one way street. So What, what's the official statement on on AJ Brown and Jalen Hertz not getting along. Yes. And not being friends anymore. Good Question. They are friends. No, they used to be friends. They used to to Be so Big Cat. If I were to say, Hey Big Cat and I used to be friends, then we started doing the podcast. You would be like, that doesn't sound good. Meme would start looking for a job. Yeah. Everyone would be like, what do you mean used to be friends? You don't say used to be friends for someone that you're friends with. No, they, it just means that they were friends before they were teammates and, and the war. It got lost in translation. Mitch Saying, I used to do drugs, I still do 'em, but I used to also. Yeah, no, you used to be friends is not a good thing to say about someone like I used to date this chick.


Would you say that about your girlfriend? They Literally did this handshake last week. They did. They did the the Fresh Prince handshake. Oh wow. Okay. So like they had a bad week sometimes. Sometimes memes comes into the office on a, on a day of work and wants to kill PFT. Yeah. But they're coworkers, Not friends. They're also, But wait, and also memes in, in PFT definitely used to be friends. Yeah. Like you could absolutely say that about them. We used to be friends before the lottery One. Yeah, Yeah. No. And then, you know, sometimes in the, in like the workplace things get heated. At some point we might be friends There, but at the end of the day you're still friends. I don't know about ps. We Might be friends again at some point. Yeah, that's up to Memes.


It was just very funny. Like the whole like to then going after Todd, The to thing was crazy. Did we read the to tweet? No. Find it. It, it's just, oh, you guys are 11 in two. I know, I know. It's, I don't know Philly Media. Tough place to play. It's A tough place to play That just play the fans. That wasn't really the media tough place to play play. Brandon gr literally went on. Oh, I thought Philly Sports Talk radio. Yeah. So why did, that's the other thing, like if you're Brandon Graham, you probably know that there's certain things that you shouldn't say because it will cause a shit storm in Philly. And he went ahead and said 'em anyways that, that's what tells me that there might be something to it. Wait, what do you think would cause a shit storm?


Saying like Jalen Hurts And AJ Brown Used To Be Friends. Yeah. Oh, Whatever. All right. The to said, so Don McNabb on AJ Brown's potential frustrations. He said with Jalen Hurts, it's two grown men. If you go got an issue, you come to me. Let's not go through the media because now it blows up. And now what you said is out there in front of everybody. And then to then came over the top and said, now this is interesting is coming from you. Not how I interpret it, but funny thing is, I agree with you on the idea if you have an issue with someone, that you go to them and not the media. But here's the thing, I never had an issue with you, but it's known that you had an issue with me.


So maybe you should have taken your advice here. Oh yeah. And we might have won Super Bowl 39, but that's another story for another day. Just my 2 cents. You gave yours. I'm giving mine. Hey Freddie Mitchell. Thanks for sharing. That's my favorite part. Just like saying like, yeah, Freddie Mitchell texted this to me so I had to speak on it. And then Fred X is the first reply saying popcorn activated. I mean, there's no place like Philly. It's just so funny. You just can't even, you you got, you got, you got simultaneously simultaneous, wide receiver QB Beefs going on old ones and new ones. You're basically like, Hey, this, this summer we're gonna do Top Gun and Top Gun two.


We're gonna play it in the same theater. That's what you guys are doing right now. But that was Real Beef T and McNabb was real beef. AJ Brown and Jalen Hertz is not real beef. Like at The time though, do you think people were saying that's real beef? Maybe aj also, AJ Brown has to be in the touchdown score this week. Oh, Okay. That's conviction Has to be in the touchdown score. Let's go that. Like, you know that they're gonna find a way to feed him the ball. I agree. I agree. I agree. Hank, are you loving this? Oh Yeah. What are your thoughts, Hank? I Mean that's, I, Boston was kind of the same way. Like it's just kind of good sports town. Degenerate sports town. Angry sports town.


Yeah. Used to be beef. Yeah. Like there's just never, you used to be friends. You're never, you're never gonna be happy. Yeah. Tom Brady also wasn't best friends with all of his receivers. Although him and Julian, I don't even wanna say that Because him and Julian drove to practice together like Every day. But not all Of them literal Antonio Brown live in his house. Yeah. Good boy. Not all of them. Alright. I think he, I think he was who? Yeah. Pretty much everyone. Except what? Like Aaron Hernandez? Yep. Aaron Hernandez was a great player for the Patriots Factor Fiction. And they used to be friends probably. Yeah. Yeah. And then what happened? Okay. Anything else from week 14? I'm excited for some from, for the stretch run of football.


Yeah, I'm ready to go. I'm ready for playoffs. I was saying that on Sunday nights, like we're at the point of the season where there's a lot of games that just mean nothing and I want playoff football here. I'm ready to get the playoff. I'm ready to get the tournament started. It's the best. And the playoff simulator is really rounding to form. Now. When, when they put it out, like week 12, there's too many things that you have to click to get your scenarios going. So it it, I I know you're a big playoff simulator guy. How many games do you have to win to feel very safe? Two, I think three. I feel like you guys, if you won two, you should be, I'm afraid. Okay. Afraid. I'm afraid of the Rams slash Seahawks. But they all have to play each Other too. I know, but I, I, I would feel comfortable if we won three.


And you have Saints. We got Saints. Ben Ucci just signed Okay. For the Saints. So I'm gonna have to kill him. Then we've got Eagles, we got The Eagles, Falcons Cowboys. I think he gets two wins. Yep. I think three. But I think you'll be okay with two. I do. Saints is a must win. It's a must win is A must win. Saints is a must Win. This is a must win this weekend. Marshawn Latimore revenge game. Yeah, because you don't want to come down to the last three with the Eagles, Falcons and Cowboys And the Falcons are fighting for that, that game. Yeah. Although they might not be at that point. Hank, How, how many games do we need to win for you to feel very scared about your bet?


If you beat the Saints, it's pretty much over. Oh. So they're just one win. And according to your calculations, We get in with nine wins. No, but I don't think you're gonna lose three straight. They literally just did. I hope not. Right. Yeah. Well that was, that was a hard schedule. That was a hard schedule. I think they're, I think two. I think if you get two wins, it's gonna be hard. 'cause if you get two wins, the the Rams will have to run the table essentially. Yeah. So I would feel, I'd feel great with three wins. Yeah. Yeah. If you win, if you had three, then they actually do have to run the table. They have to win all three, all four games.


Okay. Let's do a little college football, then we'll get to Hot Seat. Cool. We were brought to you by your friends at Diamonds Direct.


Alright guys, listen up this year. You stop procrastinating on that holiday shopping list. Get ahead of the game and head over to your local Diamonds Direct. They've got amazing deals running now through Christmas on her dream engagement ring. Necklaces, watches, earrings, and so much more. And here's the best part, with every piece you pick up, you're not only enjoying incredible quality and value, but you're also getting a lifetime guarantee that covers cleanings, maintenance, and sizing for life. So you save money now and later. No more last minute panic this year. You'll be the guy relaxing by the tree with everything wrapped and ready to go while everyone else is Christmas Eve shopping. So go right now. Diamonds direct. Don't wait. Lock in those deals today and thank us later. Diamonds direct the smart way to shop this holiday season. Shop now for the perfect holiday gift events and promotions now until Christmas. You're probably listening to this right now. You're like, I haven't done any Christmas shopping yet. Well go right now. Diamonds Direct, get it done and your significant other will love it.


We also brought to you by ourselves, pardon my cheese steak football's in full gear order. Pardon my cheese steak. Now for your game day meal or late night eats in the best play call you can make with classic cheese steaks, Chipotle cheese steaks, chicken, cheese steaks, buffalo chicken, cheese steaks, and many, many more. Pardon my cheese steaks. Brings you awesome cheese steaks loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep. And we will be offering free delivery throughout the entire football season. So find a pardon my cheeses steak near you. And order yours now at, pardon my cheeses stake.com. Use code AW WL for free delivery.


Okay. Little college football. We have our Heisman finalists, Ashton Gente, Boise State Cam Ward Miami, Dylan, Gabriel, Oregon, and Travis Hunter Colorado. I think Voting has already been done, so we don't even have to say Anything. Yeah. So one guy would've liked to see his Camp Gabo. Yep. He would've been a nice addition to that group. But besides that, I think those are are four worthy guys. I think Shado might've had a case. Yeah. But yeah, I mean it's, those are, those are the four that I kind of expected. It was funny, the graphic that they put out there had Cam Ward listed as 42,000 yards. That would be a record that Would be very hard to, to, to, to Beat.


I know his defense was bad, but I mean 42,000 thousand yards. Now Cam Ward did have an outstanding season. Yeah. And, and the defense was a huge liability for him. So some of those wins that were like, you know, down to the wire where it could have gone either way. That's all because Cam Ward was so good throughout those entire games. Yes, Yes. So we'll find out on Saturday night who wins the Heisman. But yeah, they all all are incredible college football players. All worthy of the award. All deserving of the award. If It were up to me, I would split it. Yeah. I think it would be a four way tie if it were up to me. Honestly, With the votes already being in, I'll say it right now, if I had a vote today after the votes were in, I'd probably vote Ashing Gente. I go Cam Ward.


But yeah, gen Cam Ward Gente. Yeah. And then I go hundred third, But the votes are already in. Yep. So there's nothing that could be done at this point. They're already in. When you fill out a Heisman vote, is that done all online? I don't know, actually. I feel like that Heisman is one of those awards they make you mail A mailing ballots. That's an issue for me. Yeah. No. It might be online For verification. Yeah, It might be online. But, so we have the college football playoff, we have all the bowls. We talked about it briefly on, on Sunday. But the more I think about it, the more they really, I'm not mad, but it's so clear. They need to figure out how to fix this so that the buy system is makes more sense. Yeah. They, they wanted to put a big emphasis on winning a conference, which I understand.


Well, I get it. And with the, with the idea that traditionally in the past there have been four conferences that had elite teams that ended up winning those. Right. But they didn't think about the scenario where it's like, okay, if we, if we have Boise State that gets a buy, how would that impact the rest of the schedule? Right. And I get it too. 'cause it's a money maker and that's all that matters. They didn't want to, you know, devalue the conference championships, which it was still an incredible Saturday. And obviously Clemson hitting, hitting a walk off field goal to get in was awesome. Get rid of the conference championships. If you're gonna do it this way, get rid of the conference championships and just have the Playoffs start that weekend. Yeah. Like, have it be the first weekend of December, have it be 16 teams or whatever it is.


14 teams have the first round be that weekend and let's just get it going. The Committee kind of boxed themselves in by talking about conference championships not being a factor in eliminating a team. Right. If SMU had gotten blown out. Right. Do you think that they would've been out? I do. I think they probably would've been too. I do if it was like a 30 point loss. Yeah. I think it's a liability for teams. Yeah. So, yeah. I don't know. They'll probably never get rid of the conference championships just because you're right. It makes a lot of money. It makes a lot of money. But I think it would, I think it would, if you expand the playoff, then you get the money there. Yeah. I mean, the way that they should do it, 64 Teams, top four teams, not 64 teams, top four Teams get a buy. Top four teams should get a buy. Because as it stands right now, and I boise's good, I think Boise could beat anyone.


I think Arizona State could beat anyone. We're gonna talk to Kenny Dillingham in a minute. But it just, it's, when I look at the bracket, the thing that keeps sticking out is like Oregon had by far and away the best season in college football. They did not lose a game. They played in a Power five con, power four conference. They got tested in big time games and they passed every test. And they are the one seed, rightfully so. And their matchup potentially is gonna be Ohio State or Tennessee in the first round. Which that doesn't make a lot of sense To me. No, it doesn't. It doesn't. It did. It ended up rewarding Penn State for losing the conference championship game. Yeah. And, and, and by the way, Penn State and Notre Dame in that bottom part of the bracket with Georgia now having Carson Beck out probably for the rest of the year.


That's, they're live, those teams are live. What does Penn State now? Six 50. That was on Sunday. I can look at, I might Have. They're live is live. Could be. I might have to wet the be on that, But it's big game James. And he can't win a big game. That's fair. Yeah. He's, he's what, oh and 12, I think versus top five teams. One thing that I've really loved though is, is the crying about out of conference scheduling that's happened. Yes. And it's been, it's been continuing. He Beat Ohio State once. He Did beat Ohio State once. But were they ranked black field goal where they ranked top five? I believe so Double check that. Does this count as a big game?


Max Penn State. Ohio State. Again. SMU. Yeah. Does Penn State SMU count as a big game? I would say a no. Yeah. Penn State upsets number two. Ohio State. Okay. So he is won one. He's won one. No, I would say, I think, I think he's, he's safe. SMU doesn't count as a big game. This is not a big game. Yeah. For Penn State. No, it is. It's a big game. Oh, it is a big game. That's bad. I don't know. No, I I don't think it's a big Game. But then you're not looking at it then you're not Look, look, taking the game seriously. And you gotta take the game seriously. It's a big game. No, I think you gotta take the game. Not seriously.


Yeah. If it's a big game then Big game, James. True. Are they allowed to do a white out? They are doing a white out. Oh, and is it noon? It's at Noon. Oh, love it. I I Love this conversation because we're essentially having the can't win or can't win lose must win conversation just in completely different terms. Yes. Yes. You gotta figure out if it's a big game though, prior to kickoff. But I don't know. You don't want it to be a big game, right? No. You don't want it to be a big game. So Yeah. No. Yeah. You, you want SMU to come out in Purdue's uniforms. I mean SMU it's gonna be like 15 degrees in State College. Oh Wow. Yeah. That's big. I mean, That's big. No shame for that weather. Yeah. Not, not built, But yeah, the, the crying about, about out of conference scheduling from the SEC has been very funny because I don't think any of these coaches have realized that if you don't schedule good out of conference teams, guess what that means?


That there's going to be other teams from other conferences that don't have SEC out of conference games on their schedule. Right, Right, Right. And going back to like Alabama schedule, you lost to Vanderbilt in your conference. You lost Oklahoma in your conference. So that's not really what it gets down to. But it's, it's driving people insane. There was a, an op-ed that was written in al.com Okay. alabama.com and it was Should Alabama join the A CC? Oh, let's have the conversation. I had. I I I like this because I had a, someone replying to me the other day that said LSU should just join the Sunbelt. Yeah.


So same feeling. Yeah. Yeah. So if, if LSU joined the Sunbelt, they would probably win the Sunbelt. Well, maybe not. Brian Kelly Would find a way to lose. Yeah. But if Alabama joined the A CC, he would probably win the s the a c and then insure himself of a buy in in the college football playoff. This person says if South Carolina had been in the A CC, they would've made the Playoffs this year. If Alabama had been in the Big 12, they would've been in as well. The same would've been true for Mississippi if they had been in the mountain west. Hmm. That would be an interesting one. Yeah. If move Mississippi out to the mountain west, why go through the meat grinder that is the SEC every week when you can cruise to an automatic bid in to the CFP in any of the other cupcake conferences.


The bottom line, and it's an ugly truth to be sure, is that the other conferences outside the SEC and Big 10 are no longer viable as they exist today. The PAC 12 teams figure this out pretty quickly and bolted for the Big 10 where Oregon is currently the number one team in the country. I like that. Take that. Or that the Oregon going to the Big 10 Yeah. Is equivalent to Alabama going to the A-C-C-A-C-C. Yeah. I mean it's, first of all, I, I think the SEC was just not as good this year and we're we're going off of old SEC. Like they, they're still probably the best conference, but it wasn't like elite, elite to that level. I think they're The deepest conference. Yeah. And but you, Alabama was a 18 point favorite against Vanderbilt.


There were 21 point favorite against Oklahoma. Like they, they were a flawed football team. I don't know any real Alabama fan could straight face. Like, there's a difference between saying you want to be in because it's the team you root for and you think you might be better than smu and I can buy that argument. But you can't sit there and be like, we were not a flawed football team. 'cause they were, that's just what happened during the season. I also think weirdly, the, the entire backlash to like n we'll never schedule a strong out of conferencing. Obviously Wisconsin was down this year, but like, if Alabama had, let's just say, played Oregon week one and beaten them, they might've been in with three SEC losses.


'cause everyone been like, holy shit. They beat the number one team. You know, like they, they, they're outta conference. They, they went and proved another one. But Let's just say it was an up year for Wisconsin. Right. One of one of your good seasons. If you didn't have that game scheduled against Alabama and you had just steamrolled a weaker big 10 schedule. Yeah. If you bounced your way, then that would actually favor you and not the SEC. Right. Because it would mean that you would have one less hard game to Right. Right. Which I would've been. Yeah. Right. It would've been like Indiana didn't play an SEC team. Right. And they they're in and they're in. Exactly. And if they maybe played an SEC team, they would've maybe been out and Alabama would've Been in. And then in the future, if all these SEC athletic directors are like, we're not gonna schedule hard games like against Indiana outta conference.


'cause there's no, there's no reason for us to do that. No benefit. Then you might wind up at a stereo where Indiana gets a playoff spot. Right. 'cause you didn't schedule them. Right. If Indiana had played South Carolina week two Yeah. And lost to South Carolina, Alabama would probably be in Yeah. See how this works. Yeah. It's like a giant ecosystem. Yeah. Yeah. It is very funny. We also, are you gonna do Bill bio check for your hot sequel throne? Or we wanna talk about it? 'cause he looks like, we'll talk about it. It looks like he's gonna take the North Carolina job. Yeah. Which I think he's gonna be successful. And I know that this is probably just because he gave his pitch on McAfee show on Monday, and I am a sucker for a good pitch. But he essentially was like, we're gonna be an NFL factory where we're just gonna train guys to get to the NFL.


He had a 400 page document, A manifesto, A bible That's a manifesto. Yeah. Manifesto's working college football. Yeah. Manifesto's hot right now. Yeah, It is very hot. So I, I don't know because he's, he's on the older side for sure. I don't know how he'll do in terms of recruiting. There's a lot more that goes into it. Once the players get in the door, then I'm sure that he'll be fine. He'll be good. But you assume because he kind of went in with the clause that his son gets to take over when he stops that his son will probably do a lot of the recruiting. Right. And I I, I really do think that if you are matter of fact, He's gonna be the closer. Yeah. If you're a matter of fact to these both transfer kids and like, I think he'll crush it in the transfer portal because if he just says, Hey, I'm not gonna try to sell you on, like, this idea that we're gonna, we're competing for national titles right away or we're do, I'm gonna to get you ready to play football at the National Football League level.


And there's no one better that knows that than me. That's, that's a lot of kids will probably buy in on that because they, that's the goal like college football is, is is that's the goal now. So Belichick making his son head coach and waiting. Hank, I know that you were a big fan when LeBron James got his son drafted by the Lakers. No. Mm. But continue. Okay. So what, what's, what's the difference with this? Coaching is a lot different than playing. Well you have to be, yeah. You definitely have to be qualified. Which he is. Has he been a head coach? No, but he's worked his way up the ranks as any head coach that's ever head coached in the history of coaching has, Where did he work his way up the ranks?


Right now he is working at Washington. He was, you know, special assistant then he was whatever, like cornerbacks coach. Then he was de coordinator. Like he worked his way up, up the Where was that position? By position? Where did he work His way up there In New England, but now he's coaching at Washington. Okay. All right. It's just interesting. Good Dad, how many, How many coaches? Like, did Kyle, is Kyle Shanahan? Did he work his way up the ranks? There's there's a million there. Football is like the most, basketball is different. There's not a lot of examples of nepotism drafts. There's a million examples of nepotism coaching. He's doing A good job of arguing his point that, that that was actually a really good job of arguing your point. That Is, that is a fair point. Yeah.


Real, I would say, I would say good dad though. I I was not trying to denigrate Steve. I was saying Belichick, it Sounds like you were though Good dad. No. Sounds like he does. You don't think he did deserve? Yeah, because it, it's, it's, I'd say LeBron Belichick, Joe Biden, great fathers all hooking their sons up. The point was, you know, nepotism shouldn't be able to work when you have to be skilled and, and play the actual position. Like, I mean, Steve Kerr's son is a coach. What's his name again? Nicholas. Okay. Yeah. Nicholas Kerr. And, but he like, there's, there's guys everywhere. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It never, it never stops being crazy that he it Did they have a conversation at all?


Did they, when they, when they, when they burned them? Were they like, hey, like I know the, the naming process, we had like a, a group of like three or four names. Yeah. And we went with the, the names we went with. But like, You gotta have a focus group. How did that not how did that pass When you're telling the person what name to put on the birth certificate. Right. That's, that's when you realize Nicholas. It's Nicholas. But yeah. Hank, I'm really proud of you. Thank you. You argued your point very well. I always Do. PFC tried to get you and you didn't get Got it. Never Has. We're just having a conversation. We're just Having a debate. This is how we figure out what we truly believe in. It's the Socratic method. Yeah. Yeah.


Socrates, who do you guys have winning the whole thing in the college football playoff? I got Penn State. Penn State. Penn State will lose two, I guess Oregon In the final. Is that possible? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No, that isn't possible. Yeah, that is possible. No, it is. But I don't know why everyone's Picking Pitton. So Max would finish the second. Well, max was finished. The, IM gonna take Oregon. Penn State's losing in the championship. I'm just gonna take Oregon. Yeah. I mean, I said Oregon before the season started in Texas. How are you not taking Texas? What do you mean You are Texas? I'm not Texas. You are Texas. Just Take Texas. How You love Texas?


Just take Texas. I I love the city of Austin. Just take Texas. I'm not, I'm not like a Longhorned fan. Just take Texas Closeted. I'll take Texas. Okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take You. You've never had any bias towards Texas Football. I like going to the games and I like tailgating and drinking beer. That's a, that's like enough of a reason for you to be not like a diehard fan, But like Yeah, like I Not biased. It's okay. I might be come, come outta the closet. I might be a semi biased when, when people do horns down. It does not hurt me. It does not affect me. Yeah. So take Texas. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take Penn State. Okay. So I have Oregon. You have Penn State. Max has Texas. You know What I'm taking Arizona State.


Fuck It. There we go. Okay. I love It. I want, I don't think it works for college football, but it, if it was hockey or college basketball, they're the hottest team. Make a run. Yeah. This is the first time there's ever been a, a playoff where it is like, you know, can a team go on a run? So fuck it. Arizona State. Yeah. Okay. Make a run. Make A run. I don't think it applies, but I hope it does. Who Cares? I mean, the funniest outcome I still think would be Ohio State. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I'm, I'm just very interested to see, like, I, I I will, I feel like we'll know within the first half of that first quarter where it's like, are they just a completely dead team or are they gonna go to the national championship? Indiana would be funny too. Indiana would be great. Indiana would be awesome.


Alright, let's do Hot Seat. Cool. Tarone. And then we'll get to our interviews. We have Steve Young and Arizona State head coach. Kenny Dillingham.


Hot Seat. Cool. Tarone brought to you by our friends at Coors. Light holiday party fails can turn into a great story that ends with a toast over Coors Light getting snowed in can turn into the ultimate movie marathon. It doesn't matter if the holidays don't go as planned. When you choose chill and then reach for a Coors Light. When you embrace a chill mindset this holiday, it's good time to choose chill and crack. Open a Coors Light. Coors Light's, mountain cold, refreshment, crisp and refreshing as the Rockies. Listen, there's nothing better than than this stretch right now where it's like free reign to just booze up every single day. Every single night you got a holiday party, you got ugly sweater. I I have a holiday party this weekend. Coors Light is there for you all December long. We love Coors Light. Choose chill this holiday season, then reach for a Coors Light. Get Coors Light delivered straight to your door. Visit coors light.com/take. Or you can find it pretty much anywhere that sells beer. Celebrate Responsibly. Coors Brewing Company. Golden Colorado.


Okay, Hank. Hot Seat. Cool. Drum My Hot Seat. I don't know why I wrote this in my notes. I just word fantasy. I don't know what that means. Okay. But the Yankees are also in the Hot Seat. Oh, I had that. The reason, one of the reported reasons that he didn't sign with the Yankees is because they didn't offer him a suite for his family and that they once, what was it? They kicked out someone from the, the VIP lounge. Like one of his cooks or assistants or something. Yeah. Or family member. Yeah. So the Yankees lost out on a generational talent just because they were disrespectful. How are Yankees fans taking this? They're lashing out. They're, It, it's, it's one of those moments that we all do this as fans, but when you're completely removed from it, it is so funny to watch because I've seen it all.


Juan Soto's a terrible defender. Juan Soto's a liability. You're gonna have to move him to dh. He's not 26. He's not 26. That co he's gonna be 40 years old making all that money. Actually, it's good that the Yankees didn't get 'em because now they can use that money to fill a bunch of different holes. It's, that's my favorite one. It's the best, it's the best to watch because again, we all do it every single time. You'd miss out on a free agent or a draft pick. You're like, I never wanted that guy. That guy stinks, but they just flipped so fast. And when It comes to doing the, that now we can use all that money to fill these different holes. Yeah, you could have done that. There's no salary cap. Yeah. You could have just gone ahead and spent money on top of money. There also was one funny tweet that when semi viral that was made me laugh.


Where someone was like, Juan Soto chose the bag over the over Legacy. Yeah. A Yankees fan saying someone chose a bag. It's just, it's great to watch, especially the fact that it was the Mets Also Hank, there was a report that like someone kicked his family out of, they kicked him outta his suite, but then also it was like batting practice or something like, basically, Yeah. It was like something in the tunnel. Or like they were, they basically like he had a family member just hanging out and they were like, you can't be here. Yeah. And then Steve Cohen threw in a suite for him. Yeah. That's classic Family suite. Cohen said that he, he didn't think that he was gonna win either. He thought that he was gonna go to the Yankees until the very, very last second. Yeah. They had like a last minute negotiation.


But yeah, Stephen co he wasn't gonna be outspent. No. And so for Yankees fans to be complaining that you can just buy a team now is It is delicious. Yeah. Yeah. The, yeah. The Yankees wouldn't budge on giving Juan Soto a sweetie Yankee stadium saying that if they don't do it for Derek Jeter, they're not gonna do it for him. Yeah. They're probably like, well, who do you think is going to pay for this giant salary? You need to sell that suite to somebody. Right. Exactly. But yeah, it's, it's very funny watching the instant turn by Yankees fans being like, yeah, he actually is. I saw one Yankee fan just posted all of his like fuckups in right field and they're like, this is what we, we didn't want this for the next 15 years. All right, so here, here's the story. The Mets have excellent intelligence.


They were aware that while Soto liked being a Yankee and loved having Aaron Judge protect him in the lineup and lead them all in the clubhouse, he allegedly was upset early in the year by an overzealous Yankees security guy who disallowed a family member and his chef slash driver from certain areas. Basically Mark Wahlberg and other guys. Yeah. So, perfect. So it was a security guard's fault. Yeah. Also my other Hot Seat, NBA cup, I, I have been trying not to get mad, but it's kind of bullshit that the Celtics went three one and aren't in it. Oh. But it's a good thing You're not mad. No, I'm not mad. I will be watching and and betting on it, but it's, it is slightly triggering.


Yeah. I'm the worst NBA cup gambler of all time and PST Is PF You should be the data I think. I think You should be the data. I think if you fire, if you break it down, I literally might be the best NBA cup gambler of all time in the history of the world. As of right now. As of right now. Yeah. And go check out our picks. We have 'em on our socials. So follow PFT Hank your cool throw. My cool throw is Deshaun Watson. Oh. Oh. What's Going on? He just posted an Instagram story of him and his girlfriend having a nice, looked like they were on a beach, beach side dinner, romantic class. He looks like he is, you know, living his best life. Lake Erie good for him? Or is he He's, I think it was the ocean, although sometimes I think Lake Michigan's the ocean, but it looked like the ocean.


I'm gonna guess it wasn't Lake Erie in Cleveland in December. No. And when I say good for him, I mean, I don't care. I hate him, but good for Him. Yeah. He's, he doesn't seem to care. He is chilling. Yeah. No, he, he, I saw that pasta didn't look that, that great. No, No. It looked like just regular. Like it didn't look that fancy. Yeah. I mean, at the end of the day, he's still got a shitload of money And a shitload of lawsuits to settle. I think he might have settled all of 'em. Oh, he did? I think so. There's not any New Ones. Not yet. Let give Tony Busby like a week. I think it was, I think it was basically like a salamander tail where just one would fall off and another one would grow on grow back. Yeah.


Alright. So cool. Terron Deshaun Watson. You're a big Deshaun Watson fan. No, but he's on the cool, like, he's chilling. He's Chilling. He is chilling. He is Chilling. That's, that's Hank's dream life is being Deshaun Watson. No, No. Nope. Never said that. PFT your Hot Seat. Cool. My Hot Seat is reality. Oh. Did you guys see the story about the new supercomputer that just came out? No. All right. So Google just announced this yesterday. They've invented a new computer. They have a new quantum computing chip. They named it Willow. And it's capable of performing this like specific computer computing challenge in less than five minutes. Okay. You might be like, okay, five. What does that even mean? Well, Google says that one of the world's current fastest supercomputers would take 10 septillion years to complete that same challenge that Google's chip did in less than five minutes.


10 septillion is longer than the age of the universe. Holy shit. So it has this chip that is like the next step in quantum computing. Septillion, Septillion. It's a real number. Somehow Ship breaks my brain. How many trillions are in a sillion? I don't know. I'm, what is that 70 trillion? I don't know. No idea. These numbers are, are impossible to even think about. That's how big they are. So Google's Is infinity bigger than that? Is Google bigger than That? No. Infinity. Infinity is bigger than that. Yeah. I think we're very close to just the world ending. So Yeah, that's, So that's, oh, like the AI supercomputers catching up and then just taking over. So that's what they talked about.


They actually said that what they're starting to believe now and the fact that they've invented a chip that's this fast, it actually lends credence to the, the theory that we are living in one of an infinite number of computer simulations right now. And once we reach that singularity where we have like crazy quantum computing, then we just start developing more and more universes out of that. Ah, so this might not be real. Holy Shit. This Podcast might not be real. Wow. Nothing's real. Yeah. Except how bad Spotify is with her. And you wrapped And AJ Brown. And Joan Hertz. That's a real used, used to being being friends In a different, maybe in a different universe.


Yeah. They were friends at one point. Yeah. My cool throne is shooting your shot. Mm. Okay. Friend of the program, Ryan Illa Mm. Went on a podcast and, and discussed an event that he was at several years ago. It was a, a celebrity football game and it was with the Sports Illustrated swimsuit models. And he talked about the fact that there were all these swimsuit models. There. There was one girl that was there that was not getting as much attention as the swimsuit model that he felt to be more attainable. That woman was Meghan Markle and he shot a shot. He dmd her in the picture that, that Ryan put up. She looks like she's having a good time body language experts.


Yeah. Pretty decent green line test right there. I would say. Yeah, Ryan looks strong. He looks very, he got a lot of hair, but That hair is, I think if he was bald, we so low that it goes differently. But Megan's mark's short enough that I don't think she, she saw that, you know, he's wearing a bald yamaka. Well, she does love Harry guys. True fact. So Ryan slid into her dms and was like, Hey, do you want to come on my podcast? But in like a, a flirtatious manner Yeah. And talk football. And she was like, I'm not that big of a sports fan. Well, I think he was like, you wanna come on my podcast and promote your show that's coming out. Yeah. She was like, I don't know, sports. And that's how it ended.


But then page six got their grubby hands on this story and they put up such an unflattering picture of Illa and the headline was like a former ESPN podcast host thought that Meghan Markle was attainable. And that picture actually in that headline, not that bad. The picture they used in the story. Yeah. That's that's a bad one. So it makes it look like I Know which one they used. They used that one every time. Yeah. Yeah. It Makes it look like Ryan thought that Meghan Markle was like a super attainable, like beneath him type of Shit. Yeah. They put that back side by side. I sil also has told this story like a million times and I, it's funny that it just got picked up and they did this. Oh, that's the picture.


Yeah, that, that's the picture right there. That's bullshit. Yeah. Page six. Fuck you. So They, they wrote this article just to put this picture of Ryan up and be like, this guy thought this chick was attainable. Yeah. Then it got community noted. Did you see that? That was, yeah. That had to be silla. Well, I mean, the Silla Army said Ryan Silla has said multiple times that this is a joke and never asked Marco out. Yeah. 'cause he, he has told the story before, but Yeah. That's so funny. He invited Her on the podcast Yeah. To promote her show. What a good guy. Oh my God. I've heard that. Yeah. That they racc iss hotter than Meghan Markle. I'll say it. I I think that he is, I think she might be attainable for Ryan right now. I Yeah. You know how close, actually no. I think, I think Racc is unattainable for Meghan Markle.


You know how Close he lives to the Beach? Yeah. He's got a boat. He's, He's playing guitar Now. He might not on a boat anymore. He surfs. Yeah. He's got scripts. The total Package. He is a real, he's working on him. That man right there. That is a real prince. Yeah. Yeah. He'll treat you right. And when, I mean when I say treat you right, means like he'll ignore you while he watches Magic Blazers game 38. He's strong. He's so Strong that they fucked. Fuck you. Page six. Yeah. That was a You don't come at our boy like that. It Was, it was a dirty move. Yeah. Oh, okay. I hope it worked. What if it does work out for them? Could could. Alright. My Hot Seat is Odell Beckham because he and his dad are on the Hot Seat because Romo Dunay and his dad have taken over, I dunno if you guys saw, but probably didn't.


A Twitter account called Black DKA posted. You gotta make sure to pronounce the end of that. Yeah. Black DKA posted Rome Dunay would have 1100 yards on any other NFC North team. And James o Dunay. Rome's dad said 1500 mm. So that's going well. Everything's going well. I love, Love's Not depressing. I love those Twitter accounts. Like the black Adam Shefter. Yeah. Black Skip Bayless. You didn't know we needed a black Dicka. No, now you do. We got one. But yeah, things are going well. And then we had, that doesn't even look like Dicka. I think that's just a random fan in who's In a Dicka sweater. Yeah. I do like the idea like, yeah, black people, you should, you should be allowed to dress up as Mike Dicka too.


Yeah. You should have a dicka, A big Dicka. And then most, most of the time do My Cool Throne is Jalen Brunson. Because there was a report last night by Josh Hart that in the second half again of the Nicks Raptors game, Jalen Brunson was screaming, I Want Dick, I'll take Dick. Talking about Grady Dick got it. That also got community, not, he said he's lying on my name. Very funny though. This is what I Love about, about guys that have been friends for a long time. I know. And continue to be friends. Yeah. You can say this type of stuff about your buddy. Yeah, I got Dick. I wanna Dick also Carl Anthony Towns.


He might be the perfect fit for New York. He had a big shot. He was repping it. Yeah. And the Knicks had been hot. Like Carl Anthony Towns might be built like that. See, I didn't, I didn't think that he would when they made this trade. He might be proving Me wrong. He is. He's built like that. Okay, let's do our interviews. We've got a great interview with Steve Young and then Kenny Dillingham also. Awesome, awesome interview. Really cool guy. Back to back.


Before we do that, we got a couple ads from UPFT Before We get to Steve Young, he's brought to you by Via Tour. If you're finding the perfect gift that can be tough, especially one that won't end up in the back of a closet this holiday season. Do what I'm doing. Give the gift of planning unforgettable experiences with Via Tour. With Via Tour, you can book guided tours, activities, excursions, and more. Via Tour has over 300,000 travel experiences that you can choose from. So it's easy to find something that everyone on your list will enjoy. Plus they have real traveler reviews. So you can pick the perfect experience with confidence and with free cancellation 24 7 customer support, you can gift worry free knowing that plans can change, but great memories they last forever. So skip the predictable presence and make this holiday one to remember the Via Tour. Download the Via tour app now. Use code via tour 10 as via Tour one Zero for 10% off your first booking in the app. Find travel experiences for you. You can do more with Via tour.


Steve Young is also brought to you by our great friends over at Uber Eats. I love this ad because every week I get to update you because they're given away food. It's football season. Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. You can get buy one, get one free pancake combos Yes. From ihop. IHOP is giving buy one get one free pancake combos only on Uber Eats craving even more. We've got you covered. Game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more all season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand food delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms, taxes and fees, supplies, see app for details.


And now here's Steve Young. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. He's a pro football hall of Famer, super Bowl champion. Multiple time MVP. It is Steve Young. Steve, thank you for joining us. We really appreciate it. We are children of the nineties. So we we grew up watching you play football and we got a bunch of different questions. I, I actually wanted to start with some games we watched yesterday and your team, who kicked the shit outta my team, the Bears are the 49 ERs back or did they just play the Bears? Could they, could they make a run here?


We're trying to figure it out. I I, I think if you stand back to who they were last year, fully loaded and Christian McCafe and Brandon IU probably other than George, that most important people on the field and then Trent and not No Trent. It's, you know, it's gonna, it's, it's hard right? They, but I think it was gonna get harder anyway, so I think what's happened is they got punched in the mouth in Green Bay, got punched in the mouth in Buffalo and, and got, And we got embarrassed. And this is a team, yeah. Short of some guys, we get that, but as a group, 50 guys have been at Super Bowls or at championship games and all of a sudden people are, you know, treating them like dogs.


Like, like something's, you know, and, and I think that this is their answer back. Like, Hey, we're wounded but we're not gone. And so when you say, Hey, can they, can they clap back and get something done? I think this is a group of people that have proven some real resilience. I mean, this is some, some hearty folks. That's why last week I talked about grit with, you know, during the week about them is like, where's the grit? Where's the, where's the natural grit that you guys have had for years? And I think they answered that on Sunday. So I would say to your question, can they clap back and make something happen? They're, they're under direct. They gotta win. They, they gotta go to Miami and win. They gotta win against the Rams who are hot, hot and they gotta come back, back home and beat the lions.


They have to win those games. And so yeah, it's absolutely possible. It's possible. Hard but possible. Yes. Yeah. Fundamentally, There's a another story in the NFL going on right now that I feel like you have some good insight into. And that's Bryce Young. Bryce was, he was unceremoniously benched. I don't know if you can be ceremoniously benched, but he was, he was definitely cast aside by the panthers. And I've Been ceremoniously benched before. What's that like? Yeah. So yeah. Yeah. You can be ceremoniously, benched and unceremoniously benched. They're both the same. Yeah. Yeah. So, so he was kind of cast aside and, you know, the, the bust phrase got thrown around a little bit with Bryce. He's still very early on in his career. Second year he gets benched and he comes back and he looks like a completely different quarterback.


You had, I, I don't wanna say similar experience, but you were, you were kind Of cast. Yeah, no, it's a arc that you, I know where you were going. You were cast Aside by, by the, by the bucks early on in your career and you didn't get a chance. Well, I I, I I was a lefty. People back then didn't wanna coach a lefty. They freaked out. Yeah. You kinda do look like witch head Coach. Ray Perkins got the head coaching job and he looked at me like, bro, I hate lefties. And I, I hate scramblers because anyone who could run was, was like weird. Yeah, you should just stand there. Don't go anywhere. And I look that was prototype. I get it. It's still, look, you gotta be a sophisticated pastor with football today no matter what. But I always thought it was a bonus and he thought it was terrible.


They ran. I mean, he thought, I lefty a scrambler. You're out. I I hate you. Yeah. Lefties do look weird. No, but, but, but, but getting thrown out, like when you talk about Bryce Young, look, there's, there's crappy places to be as a quarterback today. You can go to teams and it just, it just sucks being a quarterback there because they, they have people running the organization. I'm not speaking about Carolina specifically. I'm talking about, there's a, there's a number of places where they still don't, from ownership on down, don't understand the position's importance. And then how to, they, they tend to look at it from a defensive par perspective. I'm not gonna coddle a quarterback. I'm not gonna, they don't need special treatment.


You know, and so it's like the paradigm is wrong. It's not that they need to be coddled or need special treatment. There's expertise to the nature of building a situation in an organization from the ground up to make the job for the quarterback as easy as possible so they can thrive and be great. And if you do that, then you have a chance. And there's, and so for Bryce, it's getting to a place where you can actually show who you are. Look at Sam Darnell's a perfect example. Jets flailing around. Bus goes to Carolina. Oh. Show some signs. Let's be honest. He, he set up some smoke signals in Carolina when he was there.


Like, I can still do this. I don't, I don't suck, but you still don't need, you need more help. And then he gets to San Francisco and what does Kyle Shannon say? I love this guy. This guy's our career arc could be great. And we all kind of said, oh yeah, what are you talking about? That's crazy. He's nuts. What is he? And then he goes to Minnesota and now like, and so Bryce, unless you look, there's some guys that hit the pro game who have really thrived in co in in college who look prototype Bryce looks throat prototype, probably not big as strong as the prototypes, but runs around, makes big plays like, and, and been in the, been in the big games. Like Bryce doesn't know his ceiling.


We don't know his ceiling. And there's filters he is got to go through even if he got all of that help. But what you're seeing today in the last few weeks is, Hey, look, I I I can survive here. Yeah. And if you can survive, then you can thrive. Yeah. And so, I don't know where this ends up for Bryce, but he's showing me like, like Sam did when he was in Carolina. Like, we're losing. But I, I, I, I can figure this out. And and that's a, I always say it's called sending me smoke signals. Like, like I'm, I'm dying down here, but I'm sending you something that tells me that you're gonna, you, you, you have a chance to thrive at some point. Either, either there or somewhere else. Yeah. With, With Bryce specifically, things look real bad for him.


Every, every SNA looked like he was thinking it through. It was lost. It was painful. He was lost. It Looked like he was lost. And the fact that he's improved so much from earlier this year as he was going through that and all the public scrutiny that went with it to how he's playing right now, actually tells me that he can be even a whole lot better than he is right now. A hundred percent thousand percent max. A hundred percent. I, I, I, I, I, I can't agree with you more. It's the signal in tough times and tough situations that team, you know, it's hard in locker rooms. I was in Tampa. I understand losing locker rooms, the players are not losers, but the Los Locker room is tough to overcome. And so if you can show signs, smoke signals again that you can know, you know, what you're doing, I can figure it out.


That is warrior work. Yeah. That is, that is Patrick Mahomes does not have to do that work anymore. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah. Josh Allen does not have to do that work anymore. But, but, but in many ways Bryce is doing that work. Yeah. Yeah. The do you think in the NFL game, we move on from these guys too quickly because you, you mentioned Josh Allen. I mean Josh Allen was not greatest rookie year. Probably not. I mean, he showed sign the smoke singles somewhere around the half way point of his second year. And now he's playing the best of any quarterback in the NFL. I mean, that game against the Rams, I know they lost, but he was outta this world. Good. Do you think as a league teams and franchises are moving on too quickly from guys and not giving them a chance to, to get through those rough patches that they start their career with?


The, the, the, the problem is, is you don't have 32 great places for quarterbacks to make that judgment. Right. You have to glean through, you have to recognize, like if, if you're in San Francisco and you're struggling, you got problems because there couldn't be a better place. Jimmy Rappolo takes a team to the Super Bowl here and then can't find a job. Yeah. So like, there's places where, you know, if you go down and see a Sean McVay and struggle at quarterback, the guy that understands and, and innovative mind and how he calls plays, and he understands position, then that's about you. You know what I mean? So if they, if the Rams drafted or the four handers drafted a young quarterback like Trey Lanson can't do it, that's a, that's a sign of, that's not a, that's not a, that's not a situation problem.


That's a you problem. Right. And so, but then there's a lot of places where you go and you can't know that they're, they, they, they, you know, they, they get drafted a young quarterback to try to be great. And it's not a great place for quarterbacks. And it's not necessarily a you problem. And you have to, and, and I think that, I think that people who understand the position, who have built organizations to make sure that they make the quarterback as as profitable as possible, have now the, the reps to know when somebody is not gonna get there, or like Sam Darnell. Like, there's something here And we can, we can work with it. And so I, I just, I think un until there's 32 teams like that, we're gonna have to glean through where it is and what it is.


Like if someone gets trapped by the Jets this year and they haven't fixed anything, then you know, it, it can't be harder. I mean, I I I, I feel for Aaron Rogers, 'cause it's so interesting that he's, he's, he was, he was developed in a, in a age of more sophistication. The, the job that he had 15 years ago is so much harder than it is today. Today's game, as Tom Brady describes, the flats are open, the, the middle of the field's un patrolled and no one can hit me. Yeah. Like it's an amazing time to play quarterback, but, and Aaron was, was, you know, learned the game in a very much more sophisticated and so he should be dominating as Tom dominated as, you know, as Matthew Stafford is dominating.


Anyone that's hung around long enough to know in a sophisticated time should be dominating. That's how tough it is in, in, with the jets to go be good. Yeah. And granted he's lost some mobility and everything else, but that's when you know some place they, they've got a, they they don't understand the position and it makes it super hard. Yeah. So what is it about San Francisco specifically that organization and Kyle Shanahan, what makes it easy to play quarterback For him? So if you, if you track you, you track Bill Walsh to Andy Reed, and then you track Andy Reed to and through Mike Shanahan like that, there's a, there's a, a way that they look at the world, they look at the, they look at the coaching world as abundant.


In other words, whatever. I know, I want you to know. So they're unafraid to share where so many trees of court, of, of coaches, they don't share anything. Good luck to you, bro. I got my proprietary knowledge, you know, to hell with you. And, and it has, doesn't have that abundant spirit. So what I'm, what what I'm trying to describe to you fundamentally is if you're from the Bill Walls tree, you've been taught to share like I'm open. And then also I'm because of that, and I seek, like I I I, I like abundance in the, in the spirit of how I coach, you can have everything I have. Is that because I'm not gonna re I'm not staying here. I don't, whatever I have today is not what I'm gonna be tomorrow. I'm, I'm, I reinvent myself.


Look at Andy Reed. He's 67 years old. Yeah. Fricking reinventing himself every week. Never stuck, never thinks, oh, I used to do it and it works great and I'm just gonna keep calling plays from 2015. 'cause that was when I was great. That's half the league today. But why is San Francisco great? Why Kyle great is 'cause he's come from a place of a like, look, look what, what, who's come out of his shop? Mike McDaniel, like who's come out of the Shanahan tree, let alone, you know what I mean? Like, because they're, it's like, have everything I got, because I'm not staying here this week against the Rams watch Sean and Kyle go at it. They've been sha saving stuff so that they can like, 'cause they, they empty the tank when they play each other, the plays, the the cool stuff they do.


And it's a short week. So they're gonna be under real dures to get in all the cool stuff. They want to get in. 'cause they're not gonna, who you knew me yesterday is not who I'm gonna be tomorrow. Yeah. And I think Andy does that. And that's why it's, as a quarterback, you're trusted. I believe that you can, I'll call plays that are very aggressive and you protect me quarterback, you protect me. It puts a quarterback in a position of great empowerment and believe and like faith. And then, and then I'm gonna call plays that that make it really easy for you and really hard on defenses. And I, and I've seen that from Kyle from the beginning. He, he takes the job a quarterback and makes it as easy as possible and as complex as possible for the defense.


And then calls, plays in combination to just shame them. Yeah. Like you think you can play that defense and get away with it. I'm gonna pound you. And a lot of guys talk about it on Wednesday. They actually don't call the plays on Sunday. Yeah. Yeah. So, alright. So in a coaching perspective, you go from Tampa to San Francisco. What was that like? When you sit down with Bill Walsher for the first time, you're like, holy shit, this is totally different. Like, did, did you have that moment, that eureka moment where it's like, oh man, this is, I I know I'm not brought in as the starter because Joe Montana's here, but like, everything in my life is gonna be easier when I get my chance. Oh yeah. I got you. You got I the first, remember I, I was traded to the St.


Louis Cardinals. Ray Perkins had come in as the head coach told me he hates lefties and scramblers, you're outta here called me and said I was traded to the San Francisco card. I mean the San St. Louis Cardinals. I had made a con relationship with the owner, Hugh Culverhouse. No one else really knew him. And I, he'd sit over in the corner and I'd go talk to him. And so he and I were friendly and I immediately called him. I, because he, two, eight months before we were trying to get Bo Jackson to come down and, and he, at dinner, he goes, this is my quarterback for life. And so I called him, I said, Mr. Koro, you said I was your quarterback for life and now I'm getting thrown out of town. I'm going to, you can't send me to St. Louis. He goes, oh, I'm so sorry, Steve, you a new coach, blah, blah, blah. He goes, but you're right. I told you that I owe you a chance.


He nixed the trade to to, to the cardinals. Like he, he went and cut it. Like, I dunno what you do especially, but he went and, you know, turned, you know, and they didn't agree to it. Wow. And then, so he called me back and he said, look, I'm gonna give you a week and I want you to go find a place where you can thrive. And I'm like, he, he saved my life. And so then I talked to Bill Walsh and Bill Walsh's. First thing he said to your question, I love the fact that you're left-handed. I think it's an advantage. I was like, I mean, in college, my office coordinator said he wouldn't coach a lefty. So I was like, I think it's an advantage and I love that your mobility, we'll, we're gonna have to make sure we know where you're going, but your mobility is a superpower.


Wow. And I'm like, first thing out of the gate. And then he said, Joe Montana has just had his second back surgery. And I, I don't, I don't know how he comes back from it. And so I'm like, I don't, I hate to hear that, but man, that's a real opportunity. And so, and then the first two things happened the first day, the first day we, I got to the four nine, we had a summer camp and the, and Bill Walsh walked in and he said something that I'll, I'll, I'll never forget. He said, look, I don't care what play we call, I don't care what defense we run, we're gonna win because we have shared common experiences amongst each other and an element of love for each other. That's how we're gonna do it. And I was like, did he just, what did he just say?


And he wrote a book called The Score Takes Care of Itself because of if You Live Values of 'cause. He said, look, you we're gonna be in Green Bay playing the Cap packers, the Lambeau Field. It'll be drizzling rain in 31 degrees. You've never been cold in your life. The wind's gonna be whipping. We'll be down by four third in 10, no timeouts with a minute, 10 left. And I want you to get in the huddle and I wanna look across the huddle to people that you have a shared experience with and have some level of affection or some level of, of respect. Like, you know, each other. And I was like, this is crazy talk. I've never heard a coach talk like this in my that's foot. This is football. Right. We're talking about, I'm used to coaches with a big stick just hitting you over the head.


And so I'm telling Bill Walsh gets very, he gets a lot of credit, but not nearly as much as he should get at what the game looks like today. Like the game that we enjoy today is really off the back of that com. And I learned it firsthand from the call I got when he told me he loves lefties and scramblers. And, and then when he talked about, but then the next thing we, we, we ended the meeting. We went out for the first practice and I'd never met Joe Montana. And he came running out and the first thing I thought is, he doesn't look real hurt. He gave you, bill Walsh gave you a nice Speech to get you there. 'cause he knew you'd be someone Yeah, yeah, yeah. Been six years together. Yeah. How wa how was that knowing?


I mean, we, you know, obviously Brady has, is gone and they've, and the pager's been through a couple quarterbacks, but it had to have been a little difficult at times, or a lot difficult at times to, to be with a, a living legend and, and knowing the fan base wants one thing and you're, and you're like, Hey, I want a shot. I know I could do this. And then have that moment, you know, the, the classic clip, the monkey off your back winning the Super Bowl where it's like everything that you thought you could do, you, you went out and proved it. I mean, there's a book there. Yeah. I mean it's a lot of chapters. It was the, the dynamic is I and I, I and Joe would agree. I mean, it's just been awkward from the first day. Yeah. The first day I showed up, it was awkward.


And I think if, you know, when we see each other, it's when never argued, we never had cross worded each other. Never. I never had an argument. I mean, we just didn't, but it was always awkward and I don't think, it was never not awkward. Yeah. And the day when he was traded, the Chiefs, it was, it remained awkward when I got there. And when, when, when we, when, you know, bill would, bill was crazy. He would, Joe Monte Montana won two Super Bowls. He'd drive the team down in the Superdome and then he'd go, go in and run this play. And I'd run in and Joe would go all run off the, like I was, it was a crazy time. And it was all of that. And the fans, it was, they were being whiplash and it was hard. And of course I was gonna lose every conversation.


In fact, I'll just, one little thing I'll tell you, in 1991, the Gulf War had broken out in the Middle East and on the front page of the San Francisco Chronicle. And the headline, because at the time I was playing and things weren't going perfectly. And I think the whole Bay Area and really any 49 er fan in the world was like, where's do we need Joe? And I remember thinking to myself, well he did. You guys know he lost a game? I'm like, no, that's impossible. He threw it in a complete pass. I I promise you. Like no, we don't remember that. Yeah. On the first page of the Chronicle, it was the Gulf War. It's Steve Young's fault. I was like, Joe, you know what I mean? It was like a And I think that that tells you how it was going for me.


Yeah. And it's, I mean it's, I I love the honesty because I think a lot of times, you know, we've had this conversation before where a a veteran is in there and then a rookie gets drafted and the veteran will be honest and be like, Hey, I'm not here to help 'em. And like everyone will be like, oh my God, how could he say that your teammates? But that's kind of the, the reality of it. Like, you, you've got a job and someone's trying to take your job and there's that element in every locker room. And, and, and, and, you know, and Bill cra I mean, I, I think Joe and I both feel when looking back in the relationship we had with Bill Walsh, it was love hate because, you know, he, he said, I put you guys together to get the best out of both of you.


Joe hated to hear that. And I guess I hated to hear that too. Like, but yet he was the king. Joe was the king, and I was, I was a fricking popper. Right. And so, I, I, the, the, the, the power dynamics were not good for me. Yeah. Also, the fact that his name was Joe Montana, that's just Yeah. That's the starting quarterback. How Close that Yeah. What I could have, what I could have done with that. Yeah. Yeah. If, if you guys, if your names were different, then I think the fans would be like, yeah, put Joe in. Yeah. Joe Montana, that, that's a Super Bowl champion Chance. Yeah. But that, I mean, that Super Bowl, I mean, you got, you guys killed the Chargers. That had to be that one clip that I, I've feel like I've seen in a million times. The monkey off the back, like that feeling had to have just been the greatest feeling in the world given everything that had transpired the Years before.


I, I, I, I somewhat regret that moment because it reflects something I would've said two or three years before. Because I, I, I, it's a longer story. I, I met a guy named Steve Covey on a plane once in the depths of my career trying to replace Joe. And, and I dug a hole of depression and anxiety and victimization. And like, I was, I was struggling. And he kind of showed me, you know, a way, you know, a perspective that said basically that the 49 ERs was the greatest platform for iterating to see how good you can get as anything he's ever seen in his life. And I was like, well, no, that can't be, 'cause what I'm just described to you is this place sucks.


And he's like, no, this is the greatest chance you've ever had to see how good you can get. Are you afraid to see how good you can get? I'm like, no, I'm not afraid. Well then go about, be about it. Like quit. And I, and I, and I was proven at the, at the time that I, I was in the bottom of, of a hole that I had dug, that I had victimized myself and made all the excuses and everything else. And so I think that that two or three years before that Super Bowl, I, I had come to a place of perspective to recognize that it really wasn't about him. It was really about like, go about this is the greatest platform in the history for quarterback. Go see how good they are. Go go be about it. I remember playing the pack like the Dallas Cowboys soon after and seeing Troy Aikman and warmups.


And I ran up to him and I was like, Troy, I'm so glad you're here. I'm in this quest to see how good I can get and I can only find out against the best and you guys are the best. So I'm, so I can't wait to play. You know, and Troy looked at me like, fricking weirdo, weirdo. But I was about it. I I was about it. And so by the time I did it at the Super Bowl, it was almost, it was, it, it felt a little bit like, I, I I was like, what do I wanna say? It was, it was, it was, it was cheap at that point. It was more of a thing to do just 'cause it was, It was for the cameras because Yeah. You'd already wanted a couple MVPs Yeah. Performative. But everyone sees it as a moment. Yeah. You know what I mean?


I had that moment two or three years before, this is what I did. Right. Yeah. Do you feel a little bit bad about what you did to the Chargers? Kind of ran it up on 'em? I mean, honestly, you know, when someone, if someone's going up, like think about the old days when they had someone and they had the, the sh shackles behind 'em and the chain with their legs and they're going up to get guillotine, you know, the, and the, the crowd would, and the, in the, in the town square, the crowd would gather and then the guy's gonna come and get his head cut off. Right. It's like, even if you're a Charger fan and you're about to see me get my head cut off, you might say, oh, I'm okay with losing. 'cause I then, I didn't see a guy get his head cut off. You know what I mean? Like, you know, there's, there's no, there was one less death in the world today.


So, I mean, you know, I can't imagine anyone felt bad about that day for me. Okay. Yeah. Probably not. Probably not. Yeah. It's interesting. So you, you sat next to the, so that Steve Covey guy, that's the seven habits of Highly Effective Seven Habits, Right? Yes. And you just happened to sit next to him on a plane, bro. What are you like a are you a savant? What are you got You got everything in your pocket. I've read a lot of book covers in my life, boy. But that's like, that is the perfect person for you to sit next, next to on a plane at that time In your life. That story is, that has as a longer, I tried to tell it as fast as I could, but he took the moments like he was, he looked like yodi, he was bald and shorter and kind of curmudgeonly. And I had a long finger and he looked at me right in the eye and goes, I think you're afraid to see how good you can get.


And I go, I totally understand that. 'cause people, human beings are that, that that scares people. Yeah. But I mean, like, I'm not afraid. He goes, then go be about it, man. And I mean, I, my life changed right there on a fricking Delta flight from Salt Lake City to San Jose, California. As I went home, I had flown home after practice on Monday just to get out of town. Wow. 'cause the goal four was the goal four was my fault. Like tired to get outta town. That's, and I went to see my brother who was the University of Utah Medical School, and I walked around with him telling him all my problems. He goes, bro, I got three kids and I'm broken medical school. Like, what the hell, what are you, what are you talking about? That's incredible. Nothing from my brother. I got nothing from my brother. And I headed home, headed back to practice on a Tuesday night and sat down next to Stephen Covey.


Wow. That's like that shallow help when he meets Tony Robbins on the elevator. That's what happened to you in real life. Like at the perfect time in your life. Who initiated that conversation? Could he tell that you were down in the dumps? He's like, yeah, No, I remember. He, he, he, we, he, he was a, he was, he was from Utah. So he was like, it was somebody I knew and I knew his kids actually a little bit. So it's like, it was a familial thing. I'd understood him, but I never really sat and talked to him ever in my life. And I sat down just, oh, Steve, I nice to meet you and great, wonderful. And I'm like, how are you doing? And I just, I, I was at a place where if you ask me how I'm doing, you're getting a half an hour of I'm gonna spew out e everything. 'cause I'm, I'm at the, I'm in the pit man and that's what I did.


And he listened to all of it and basically said, wow, I'll tell you if you want a little bit more. He said, let you know, Steve, I hear it all, man, it is, sounds really hard. Can I ask you a couple questions? He said, tell me about your owner, Eddie de Barlow. I'm like, man, that guy's amazing. He sees players and owners as partners. It's, it's, he goes, yeah, I'd heard about him. I really wanna meet him. He sounds like an amazing guy. Tell me about your coach, bill Walsh, and of course, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. He goes, yeah, I really wanna meet him too. He's a guy that feels like he has a, he has a lot to give to the world. You know? I'm like, yeah, no question. And then he asked me one last question, Steve, is Joe Montana on the team? Is he there? And if you needed to go ask him for advice, could you do it?


And I'm like, well, yeah. That's the whole problem is he's sitting there on the sidelines hurt. And I, I I I, he goes, yeah, but if you needed a mentorship, could you go ask him? I'm like, yeah, I could. And then he said, man, I, I've been around a long time. I, this is, this is my seven habits book. This is what I do. I look for companies, platforms where people have a, they they perform, they give people a chance to iterate and see how good they can get. And, and I just try to, you know, amplified their story so that people can read about it and, and help their own lives. And I gotta be honest with you, as I travel the world, this is the greatest, best platform in that I've ever seen for somebody who's set up to go see how good they could get.


Yeah. And I was, I remember when he said it, I was like, wait, didn't you just tell, I just told you a half an hour of, of crap. Like, what are you, what are you trying to turn this on me? And he turned it on my head in a way that just, I fricking changed my life big time. That's nice guy. Incredible. I would've, I would've just shut up and then put on, put in a bet against you guys the next week if you just unloaded that on me. He actually helped you. He changed your life. Well, no, I, and then I remember getting off the plane Tuesday night thinking, I gotta get to work, man. And I've been so, I've been bitching bonus so much, I might get fired. You know, Wednesday morning is when you get fired. Right. And so I ran down that day thinking, please don't fire me. Please don't fire me. I feel like I've got a new lease on life.


And you, you talk about, that's 1991, and that's towards the end of the season in 1992. I'm the MVP of the league. I'm only say that because Steve Covey gave the perspective, you know, shifted by axis to see that I wasn't in a big pit of neglect and victimization. Like, like Stop. Yeah. Stop. And so I, I'm, I owe him a great debt. I didn't mean to talk about all this today, but No, that's really cool. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's an incredible story that like a happenstance just on a, on a plane can change your entire outlook. Everything it changed. And when I said I ran up to Troy, man, I ran up to him, said that to him.


Like that's what I was, I'm about it. Yeah. Like, you're, if you're great, I'm about playing you, man. 'cause I gotta find out. Yeah. Because I gotta figure out, and, and, and I remember Mike Shannon came in in 1992 and it was a new offensive coordinator for the 49 ERs. And I remember talking to him about this at length and he's like, man, that's inspiring. Let's, let's be about it. Like, he went all in. And so we just, the two of us for three years until he fricking committed treason and left for the Broncos, the three years we were together, I mean, I put it up against anything, anywhere, anytime. Yeah. And your numbers were insane. Were speaking of Mike Shanahan. Was there, I, I remember there was a rumor that in when John Elway retired, there was a chance you were gonna come outta retirement and and go play for Mike Shannon.


I wasn't, Not outta retirement. I was You're still on the Niners. Yeah. The First season. 90, 80, 99 season. And so Mike was, and yeah, no, I spent some time in Denver And we were, we were ready to, we were thinking about it. Was it Close? He Was, he was all in. He was all in. And I just, I don't know. I I, my wife says, that's one of the things I, you know, 'cause we were newly married at the time and she regrets not like pushing me harder to do it. I I was, I was kind of emotionally cooked in some ways. Like, you get towards the end, you're like, ah, what am I doing? And I, and I just need, IIII, I should have jumped in.


I I would've played 2000 to maybe two or three years. 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 would've been the years I played in Denver if I would've done it. Yeah. Wow. That's a real, like what if, yeah, What if moment. Yeah. Could, could the Broncos have won another, another? Do You think he would've won another Super Bowl? Why not? Let's go. Yeah. I mean Those were good teams With Mike and I, I mean the two of us. I mean, if history was anything like what we had before, it was good stuff. Yeah. I got kind Of a tough question for you here. Can you tell me which loss was worse for you? Which Brett? F 92 Championship game Cowboys. I, I was gonna say, oh, Cowboys out of all the Brett Favre losses, is it the consecutive playoff losses or is it Because losing The role in something about Marry Brett Losses were different because the championship game we played in Green Bay, my rib was out and I only played like three plays.


So I, I don't really, that was that one. And then the loss at home in 95, we just couldn't run the football. Like we just, you know, they, we had Gilbert and Reggie White for our line was super hard. Like it was just, it wasn't as, I don't know why it wasn't as painful. It was more, it felt more competitive. When I think about the nine two championship game I throw up in my mouth, like, I really struggle with that one. That was a total screw up. And I, the regret I have about that game is, is heavy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, we have a bone to pick with you. You are not gonna remember this at all. You're not gonna remember this at all. But I still have to bring it up in 2000. Really? You really have to, you really Have to.


Yeah. Yeah. No, here it is. It's gonna be funny. It's kind of a full circle moment. Okay. Because you probably have no idea what I'm about to say. In 2020 you were on, I believe PTI and maybe lightly but kind of criticizing Joe Burrow for doing an interview. Tipsy. We were the ones who did the interview with him And we were the drunk guys. I don't Think No, no. I think I, I think, think you're remembering a little bit off you was smoking cigar at LSU and I regret, I actually regret that interview for me. Like what the, what am I, what am I I I was like, what are the kids gonna start smoking cigars? Like stop Steve, relax. Like, so I, But it was actually, it was a, you said something about like he's doing an interview tipsy. I want it on the record. We were actually fully hammered.


Yeah. When we interviewed him. We interviewed him like six hours after he won the national championship game. It's one of the my favorite moments that we've had in this history of this podcast. We've been doing it for nine years. But we were, we were fucking hammered when we interviewed Him. I, I guarantee I if his PTI that I was having fun with it. 'cause it was funny to me. Yeah. Like, I think I enjoyed the fact that I was watching you guys and going, what, what are we doing Here? Yeah. It was, I mean it was, I mean it was like a thrill of a lifetime. We got to interview the national champion Heisman matter that Happen. How come, how come hammered you got to interview the guy right after the Champ National Championship. Like, Well, he didn't know that we were gonna be hammered.


Yeah. But we, we'd known Joe for a while. Yeah. And we knew Coach O and Coach O Yeah. They'd become good friends of ours, Ohio. Yeah. We, And we, so we stayed out, we stayed out late after they won the national championship and then we, we had friends in the program And we were like, Hey, we'll come to your hotel. We can set everything up in the lobby or you know, a room. We'll interview you before you gotta get on the buses. So Joe and Coach O came down. Coach O was sober, but Joe had, he just won a national title. It was like eight in the morning And we had been on Bourbon Street all night. So we did the interview just very drunk. And it was, I mean it was one of the funniest interviews We've done. I think we were, I miss my PTA times 'cause PTI times 'cause it was there, there were guys are great que great questions and it's always fun.


So Yeah. I'm sure we were laughing about you guys. Yeah. Yeah. I mean we, we, I think we also got them in trouble because I think that's when Joe admitted that Odell was handing out cash. Yeah. 'cause we were like, you're about to leave LSU so it doesn't really matter Now that was real money, right? Yeah. I got plenty of money too in my pocket. So. Yeah. It got You guys, you guys took down a lot in 1 million. Nice job. Crazy. That was the first time that college players have taken money. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We were doing some good interviewing. Yeah. We should do all our interviews drunk. Yeah, We really should. It's actually not, it's a pretty good, pretty good hack for if you're starting a podcast just to get hammered and badger people the questions. Yeah. I got a question for you about the modern day quarterback play in the NFL.


Yeah. Namely the slide. So I don't know why, but just in the last two years, I feel like I've been, I've been watching quarterbacks slide to protect themselves and I've been thinking more and more the slide isn't really that safe of a play at all for quarterbacks because it puts your head so close to the ground where if you get hit on a slide, you're likely to bounce it, Put your head close, it puts your head on a pedestal Right. At the level of people's knees. And, and, and, and like you basically are saying and, and you, and by sliding you're opening yourself up. Right? It's like, oh, hit me in the face. Yeah. That that's what the, the slide. And I think the slide the game, look, the game changed when they change the rules.


It's now a Canadian sized field essentially is what we've done as we've expanded the space because defenders can't launch their bodies. The space that's come in the last six or seven years that's put, the prototype is now like, it's my game. My pro, I'm, you know, all the people tell me, you scramble, you, you know, you're weird, you're odd now I'm like, this is my mainstream. Yeah. And so the game's changing and the slide needs to change because it's actually, it can be weaponized by a quarterback. You're seeing Patrick Mahomes not the slide particularly, but the go out of bounds fake and then come back or the, you know, pump fakes or all the stuff that they're doing to abuse defenses. Defenses are really under duress from the NFL by making all the rule change for safety.


And so it feels like the slide I never slid. I, if I, if you can get a quote, I'm gonna, any clip of me sliding, it'd be a mistake if I did because I always felt like the, just what you just said, it's dangerous. You get yourself hit in the face. And, and plus referees always reduce where you slid. Like whenever I would, I guess I have slid, 'cause I know I've done it and they, and then all of a sudden it was for a first down and then now I'm a half a yard behind. I'm like, what are you talking about? Like, I, I slid to make the first down. And they're like, no, I, you slid, but, and it's like I learned sliding that the mentality of it is they don't give you the yards.


So forget I'm not gonna do it anymore. Yeah. Do you guys have, does your mom live with you? What is going on? That's Max. Max. Max just came in to, to change the He Doesn't care. He doesn't care. Yeah, he didn't care at all. He just walked right in front of the camera. That was crazy. A fricking boring story. I don't need to No, that was nuts. So like, I fell asleep and forgot you guys were live. Yeah. Max, do you have any Questions for Steve? Look, let's go. The slide You gotta get, I you gotta change the slide. I just wanted to make Sure you weren't looking at a thank your mic's not on. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Can you scream it into the dead mic, bro? Be off. Yeah. I mean imagine if you had slid on that. I I, for some reason it popped up. I I love the old accounts where they just pop up old highlights that 49 yard run against the Vikings.


Oh yeah. The game winning touchdown run. Yeah. Like that would've been ruined if you had tried to, if you tried to save yourself and slid somewhere on that run. No, but I think the game it's unfair for defenses today. 'cause you've gotten Lamar Jackson out there sliding, you know, you guys, these guys are, I mean, these are super, super capable people. So they, they're put themselves in a bind. So what happened with Shaer is that he's go, they're taught to go when someone slides, that you go to hit them, to take them down because they're such a threat today. 'cause their prototype is to come out of the, you know, start gaining those free yards out there, but then just fly over the top of 'em. Go to hit 'em. And if they slide, just fly over the top. Yeah. But that's even hard to do. So I, I, I think, I don't know, I think Slidings to make its, to make sliding safe for quarterbacks is impossible.


So get rid of it. Yeah, That's true. I don't, I don't mind that take at all. Yeah. Because like, it's impossible for, for a defender Stop, stop. It's to get worse and worse as the more mobile, the more dynamic of the runner coming outta the pocket, the quarterback is the less the, the slide was invented for people who couldn't run. Yeah. Right. You're now out of your element. You're in a very dangerous, you're now in the jungle, now in a, without any weapons. And you're like, how can we get you to safety? Right. So the slide was put was for people who didn't know what they were doing out there. They were, it was out of their, out of their, that's just not the case anymore. Yeah. So the slide is a, the actual, the rule for the slide is, is for a time that's gone now, the prototype is not the pocket.


You know, you have to, you have to be sophisticated pastor to do the job. But the idea that nobody can go get those yards with their legs, those days are over. So the slight is, the slight is, it is not, it's not part of the game today. Shouldn't be. The one thing about the modern game. Obviously the offenses ha have been, you, you mentioned it like it's very easy to play offense now. Everything's open wide. Receivers are incredible. I do think we get to a point where we forget about how special Jerry Rice was. Can you tell us maybe our younger audience, like what made Jerry Rice so damn good? Because we get to a point where, yeah, there's guys that are, I mean, Jamar, chase, Justin Jefferson, some of these guys are doing incredible things. Jerry Rice was doing that every single year for a decade and a half With no room.


Yeah, yeah. With no space, with no. Like that's the thing, the game was, you had to, that you had to, you had to make space as an offense. There was no, people were launching all over the place. Defenders were flying. You couldn't run slip screens. You couldn't, there were no cheap yards. Now people say, well, you ran a lot of slants for cheap yards. But tactically we, we out, you know, we, we were, we were, we were quicker to the punch in some ways. But it wasn't like, you know, the game was not the game today. So you make a great point. Jerry Rice, every once in a while you run into somebody like Michael Jordan, who is supreme talent with supreme work ethic. Like s like blue collar over my dead body.


Every day. It, it's go, you know, and, and I think there's, and I think in, in, in a person's psyche, what happens is there's a fear that even though I'm amazing at something, I have this fear that I can't get rid of. That I'm gonna, someone's gonna take my job. And I swear to you, I think Michael Jordan was driven by that, even though it's like he was the greatest ever. And Jerry Rice was driven by the same thing until he, the day he retired, he thought someone was gonna take his job. Yeah. And so he, he lived in a state of, I'm not gonna say fear 'cause this is the wrong word, but tr anxiety that, that I need to go to work. And so I'll give you one quick story.


We won the Super Bowl against the Chargers. Come home, do the parade down Market Street, the buses, pick everyone up, up from the market street, go down to the facility in Santa Clara, drop everyone off. The coach makes a speech 'cause he just won the Super Bowl. Hey, see you later. See you in first OTA in, in April. And you know, goodbye. So everybody is like, it's like a derby, like to get outta there, everyone's gone. So the next day, no one's, no one's gonna go to, no one's gonna go down there tomorrow. Right. But I'm single. I got nothing to do. I'm gonna go down, clean up my locker, I don't know. And so I go down there, nobody's there. And I'm, and the doors are locked, but I know there's a 24 hour guard that's there all the time.


So I'm banging on the door, banging on every finally comes. He's like, bro, what are you doing here? I'm like, I don't know, I cleaned the locker. I wanna, you know, big hot tub. I don't wanna do something. And I go out in the fields, you know, the 49 er facility still there, same thing. Go out in the back of the locker room and there's the fields. And I look out and fricking Jerry Rice is out back in the corner and I can't hardly see that it's him. At first I'm like, who's that fricking crazy man out there in the corner running? He's like running routes against air. And then he is acting like he's catching the ball. And I'm like, that's cherry, holy shit. And I'm like, bro, like, take a day off, man. And, and I, a couple of things went through my mind. First was, is that Jerry? I said Yes. And the second thing is question I asked myself is, am I supposed to go out there and throw it to him?


'cause like, like man, I don't wanna go throw it to him. And I can't remember if I did or didn't. I, I, I wanna believe I went out there and at least tried. But, but that's when people say who, who's Jerry Rice? Jerry Rice is the guy when no one, like, he, he must have had a key. Yeah. Because the, the, the, the guard didn't know he is back there. He'd go, Hey, Jerry Rice is back there. He is like, yes. What the hell? You know? I'm like, yeah, he must have I no one. Jerry had a key that's crazy. You know, to the, to the, to the gate. And he was gonna go do the work. Wow. And, and so that's Jerry Rice. And so put the numbers of Jerry Rice up there and look at, even today when the game is wide open, Jerry Rice is, all his records should be under duress.


Right. They should be being lapped in today's game. And you can't get close to him. Yeah. You cannot get close To him. Did it make it hard as a quarterback when he would give the ball back to you and it'd be all sticky? Nah, that wasn't that. You guys don't, don't believe the hype. No. Come on. That was the, that was pre, that was pre 1985. That was, that was the Stickum era. Now the gloves that they have today Yeah. Are much tackier than anything that we had when we were playing with in the eighties and nineties. Much tackier. Yeah. The idea that you can go back behind and grab a ball with one hand, like Odell does those, that those gloves are much tackier than they are, than they were back in the day.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So you were talking earlier about sending smoke signals, quarterbacks that send smoke signals. Maybe they're not in the best position right now, but you see something Yeah. And you're like, okay, I'm gonna keep my eye on you. You're still all right. Yeah, you're still alive. What quarterbacks are out there right now? And we'll move on from, from Bryce Young. 'cause I think he sent up a few of those. But what quarterbacks right now do you see that might not, they might not be playing that great right now, but you see something that you wanna keep your eye on. I see it in Caleb. Now look, I don't know how the ceiling is and you gotta go through some filters like I told you, but you gotta get into a spot where you can get some help. What I didn't like about Caleb's game yesterday is in the first half, like you're look clearly under duress.


Things are really going south fast. Get out, man. And start like make plays. Like we're not going down this way. And so what I didn't like about his game yesterday is he just kind of sat there looking for the third guy, waiting for someone to come open. Like, no, get out, go make something happen. Re refuse to go down that way. So there's still learning that he is gonna have. But I, I, early, there's some things I've seen this year that I feel like I would wanna invest in Caleb. For sure. I don't think it's fair to say CJ Strout anymore. 'cause I think we've seen it now. We just gotta get it developed and get him all the help that he needs and everything else. I, I really feel that he's, he's in a great spot. Help me go around the league.


I'm just thinking what the Sam Donald's going to. I mean, what do, what do the Vikings do? Yeah, That's what we were saying. We, we had a whole discussion about it on our podcast. Comes out Monday, Monday, Wednesday, Friday. You're insane. You're insane to not sign a guy that's doing that for you. Right. He's playing His car. Well, as you could expect, But what do you do? What do you do? I mean, you know, this situation. What, like what do you do with JJ McCarthy? I like, I would be Bill Walsh and say look awkward, but let's, let's go. You know, who will benefit the Vikings? Right. Right. We don't know which one of you will benefit more or less, but right now the Vikings will benefit. Yeah. And as long as you don't have a toxic personality, which I know J's not, and I know Sam's not like, you know, Joe and I were not toxic personalities.


We weren't gonna inflame things in the locker room. It wasn't gonna be worse because of the awkwardness. Now that can happen. You don't want that. But I would be unafraid, especially with my history of like, bro, two of you, let's just, let's go. Yeah. I mean, iron sharpens iron. You're gonna get, you're right. The Vikings will be the Benefic and especially get JJ for free for a few years. Right. So, you know, I, I don't know. I just, when someone's playing great football in the NFL today and you know that he, you know, over and over again as, as Sam has shown this year, I just, I believe that this is the truth of Sam Darnell. He will grow from here. He's, he's gonna be like Josh Allen. Like he can run, he can move, he can do all the things that you need from a prototype quarterback today to get out and get those free yards.


And I would not let I sam darn go at all. Yeah. And if, and if I would look and, and, and if I don't care who you have at quarterback other than maybe Patrick or Josh, I would say bring him in. If you can get 'em at a price that works, make it awkward, man. If they're gonna let him go do, do not. And if I was Sam, I am not going back to one of those places that doesn't take care of and doesn't understand the quarterback position. Yeah. I ref So I will go compete to go to one of those places that does. Yeah. Yeah. Because I mean, you don't, Kevin O'Connell's an incredible coach and then you also have Justin Jefferson, like, don't walk away from that.


Nope. Yeah. You have to dynamite me out of a place like that. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, well I had one last question, Steve, this has been so much fun. We, we really love having you on And we will definitely do it again. Max fell asleep, but other than that we're, it was super exciting. Yeah. Well he's got a DD we, we've, I've thought this has been incredible. My last question is aback question


R-H-O-P-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take.


So you mentioned all the way at the beginning of the interview being on like a losing team with the bucks and, and having that in the locker room. We're at that point of the NFL calendar December, where there's some teams that it's clear it's over. They're not in the playoffs, they've got two or three wins. How do those teams get off the mat and play this game every single Sunday? Like is it just, are, are guys just playing for themselves? Or what is it like in that locker room when you're trying to do the prep all week and then get there and be like, we know we're probably not gonna win. Football's weird different because the job is to go ramm into other people. And it's unusual, you know, it's as a team game, look, there's UFC, there's boxing, there's other things that, you know, that's part of, that's the game.


But the game in football is I gotta go get people to ram into other people. And honestly, it's not natural. And so for the human condition, I don't care how tough you are, it's not natural to just go like, I can't wait to go ram into somebody. Right. And so in football, when things were, when, when, when you have a sense of of one, right? And we're, we're we're accountable And we we're work together And we have each other's back and you know, over my dead body and like we, then that natural incentive comes like, it, it comes out of people like it comes outta the locker room. Like you can feel it feel in warmups like I score, I can watch a team warm up and I can feel the level of this over my dead body feeling this sense of commitment to go ramming to somebody this week.


I'm, I'm ready. And so when you start losing and now you're out of it, then it's tough because naturally even tough veterans of the NFL human to get is like, I really don't wanna ram anybody this week. Like, I'd rather not. And so it, it, it makes it super hard more than any other sport that when things are, you know, you're out of the playoffs, you're, you know, you're just, you know, running out the clock of the season when you have to go hit people, it makes it that much harder to get 'em to go do it. And so as a coach, you know, a lot of coach use threats and 'cause they're under, if they're out of it too, they're probably under dress as well.


So a losing locker room that's out of the playoffs is actually a kind of a dangerous place to hang out because you go to play and not everybody's committed. You just get yourself hurt. Right. And so in that way, you, you just, you pray that the, you you're in a locker room like the 49 ERs this last week and go, Hey, look, no way. And then there's leadership in there and there's a commitment to it, and we're not gonna go down that way. It's probably a little bit of a DNA thing that they've had for a while, but at teams that have lost for a long time and it's part of their culture and their dynamic now, it is brutal when you get outta the playoffs and now you, you have to go figure out how to go play and, and, and, and show who you are.


Like the idea that I'm gonna go play quarterback on a losing team that's outta the playoffs. How do I, let's say I'm all in 100%. Well, I need five linemen who are all in a hundred percent. I'm not gonna say they're not, but human nature says, I really don't wanna ram in anybody this week. So, you know, and so I'm not gonna be tip of the spear, you know, ready. It's hard. I-I-I-I-I-I feel for teams that are in that mode all the time. I saw it in Tampa Bay for one season. I was there for one full season and there were no losers on the team, but it was a losing place. Right. And it was possible to change. I mean, some of the toughest human beings I ever met. James Wilder, I dunno if you've ever met that name before, running back.


I mean, tough ba I mean bastards, these guys are, it was all, all years. I played some of the toughest people I knew were down there. But the culture and the, and the feeling, you just couldn't get over it. Yeah. And, and it gets, it's infectious. It's infecting and I feel bad for teams that can't get out of it. And I, and, and teams that are constantly in it, I blame ownership. You could, and, and unfortunately in this league you can't because it, equity ownership's not gonna change. You can't, people don't really talk about it because they can't feel like they can't change it. They can get the coach fired, they can get the general manager fired. They can get the quarterback fired. So people, that's where they talk, they can't get the owner fired. But the problem 99% chance is the owner.


How do we hold the owner accountable? How do we do that as a, as a city, as a fan base, as a, I mean, there we need to be thinking about how we help ownership be accountable. Yeah, Yeah. Because It would make the team, if they could fill that accountability and answer to it, it would help the team. And so I don't know how to, you guys figure out how to, how do we, how do we figure out fly An airplane with a banner behind it? Yeah. The stadium. Listen, you're, you're, you're preaching to me because the Bear's ownership is not serious about winning football games. And it's, it's very frustrating as a fan. Well, if you feel that way and then you, then it really doesn't matter who is the general manager. Yeah. Who the coach is, who's the quarterback.


Like you can't overcome apathy. Yeah. If that's what you guys are saying, if you guys are saying that Chicago bear ownership is apathetic, then you guys gotta, you gotta figure out how to address it. Yeah. Yeah. It's, you know, the one thing that they pay attention to is, is the bottom line. When the money starts getting messed up, then they start looking at it. Like I was a, I was a commander's Redskins football team fan and I worked 25 years on getting Dan Snyder fired. Nothing was ever gonna happen until he started losing money. And his, his corporate partners started pulling their sponsorships and then he got caught. All, all the stuff with the investigations to personal conduct was one thing.


But when he got caught taking money from the other owners, that's when it was like, okay, now it's time to get this guy out. So the only thing these guys listen to is money. That's what will make them act. I don't know, I don't know. I, I don't know. I just know that the league would be, we'd be an even better league. We're a great league right now. We're an even better league if we could figure out a way to hold the ultimate equity owners accountable. Yeah. Agreed. Agreed, agreed, agreed. I, I had one last, last thing because I read this about you today. I did not know this, but you never took a snap under center in your entire NFL career. No. In the shock, Or excuse me, in the shock. You were always under sitter. You never took shotgun Stack in the nfl. When I, the year I was in, in the USFL, the express o that's all I did was a shotgun.


I loved it. And it's Bill didn't, bill Wal didn't believe in it. He didn't believe the timing could be. It wasn't until John Elway and Mike Shanahan used the same offense in 98 and showed, no, no, it doesn't matter. And I remember when John was doing it from the shotgun, I'm like, fuck, why? Like, it doesn't matter. And, and from the shotgun, it's just such a better spot to be, to play quarterback. And so, yeah, no, I never, in the NFLI never played one snap at shotgun, which is, That's crazy. That's such a bummer. You had to just get into your center's butt every play. Yeah. For me man, for me, what I could have been, what I Could have been. Alright, well Steve, thank you so, so much.


We really enjoyed this. And, and like I said, we we're, we're gonna have you back on, you have to come back on legally now you're your recurring guest. I gotta tell you my dad's nickname is Grit. Okay. Oh, nice. Grit Young. I see the sign behind you. Yes. And Angela Duckworth wrote the book Grit. Yes. And and he's in the book, which is weird. That's, That is, And if you're serious about grit, oh yeah, I'm in Yeah, we do, we do a grit. If you guys, If it's just a sign No, no a sign, a cheap sign that Max walks by and spits on, then I'm not gonna, I'm not coming back. But No, we Grit week every year. Yeah, we do Grit week. It's True. You guys are about it then. I'm about it. Yeah, We are, we are. We do a grit week where we travel around to different training camps and you know, do interviews out of a van.


So we're about it. For sure. I love that. Yeah. Love that. As gritty as a podcaster can get, not as grit. Not that gritty. But we, we, we push the limits for grit for podcasters. I like it. I in Alright, thanks so much Steve conversation. You guys got a lot. It was good therapy for me. I appreciate the time. Yeah, Absolutely. Appreciate it. Take care. See, see ya. Alright, see Boys. Take care.


Steve Young was brought to you by our good friends over at btu. BTU is an online service that delivers the same active ingredients as Viagra, Cialis, and La Vitra. But as a fraction of the cost and in a chewable form, the process is simple. Sign up@bluchew.com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers and once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription. Within days. Blu Chew tablets are made in the USA, they're prepared and shipped directly to your door. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office. No awkward conversations and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. You can take them anytime day or night. So you can plan ahead or you can be ready whenever an opportunity arises. Blue Chew wants you to have the confidence to perform at your best. So discover your options@bluechew.com. And we've got a special audience for part of my take. Listeners try Blue chew free. Just pay five bucks shipping at checkout when you visit blue chew.com. That's blue chew.com. To receive your first month free visit blue chew.com For more details and important safety information. And we thank Blue Chew for sponsoring this pod.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. How do you stay cozy during the winter months? For some wrapping up a blanket with a mug of hot chocolate or watching a movie with family is the best way to spend this month of December therapy's a great way to bring yourself some comfort that never goes away, even when the season changes. I've personally benefited from therapy in the past during a time of loss therapy, helped me get through my emotions and get back to work and be productive and feel better about myself. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give Better Help a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you can switch therapist at any time for no additional charge. Find Comfort this December with Better Help. Visit better help.com/pmt today. Get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/pmt.


And now here's Arizona State coach Kenny Dillingham. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. He is the Big 12 champ. It is Coach Kenny Dillingham from the Arizona State Football Program Coach. First of all, thanks for joining us and second congrats because you might have one of the best stories in college football right now. You guys were picked to be last in the big 12. You win the big 12, you get a buy in the college football playoff. We're sitting here on Tuesday. Has it all set in yet that this is just like an incredible ride and just a hell of a season?


Yeah it is. And the fun part is it's not over. Like we're still rolling, you know, that's the best part is we got like three and a half more weeks before we play again. But yeah, and to think it all started when, what was it? Coach Dugans became the OC at Florida State the same time I became the OC at Florida State. It just ironic that it all led to this moment. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So that was how I first linked up to you with you is I took the job as Doug's at Florida State and then you hit me up and you're like, Hey don't, don't let me down here because this is, you're playing is me right now. And we've talked ever since. But this is, I I mean that that Big 12 championship game was incredible because you guys did it, you know, a fashion that was just a blowout fashion.


And I do have to ask though, in that game, And we, I wanna talk about cam scatter boats 'cause he's so much fun to watch. There was that clip where he threw the ball panicking in the backfield and they flashed to your face. And I've never seen a coach more like, holy fuck what just happened? Why did he do that? What was going through your head in that moment? Well, so Cam is actually one of the smartest kids in our team, so I'm gonna preface it with that. Alright. And we tossed him the ball, the play didn't work. Horrible play call by me, not good. Right? And he starts running around backwards. We were on our three yard line. He then realized he was stuck and he was 20 yards back.


And he's so intelligent. He said, whoa, I'm outta the pocket. I can throw the ball away. So he made a decision in a split second. Instead of losing 20 yards, I wanna throw the ball away. And I knew like as it was going, I'm like, this dude's gonna throw the ball away. Like I know Scott, he's gonna throw the ball away. And then when he did it and the ball almost got picked off, it was one of those moments that I was like, is this real life or is this an alternative reality? Right. I was like in a state of what the hell is going on right now? Yeah. Yeah. It's actually a really smart play. Yeah. When you think about it. Yeah. It, it might have taken a couple years off your life, but I always say when a running back has a ball in the backfield, they're gonna get battled up, throw the ball, get it outta bounds.


Yeah. I mean, And we had a guy in the area, he actually came to the sideline and above him and our quarterback are so competitive. Our quarterback had a bootleg off of the play, off the toss. And he boots out opposite. He goes, where were you? You were supposed to be over there was, he had a plan to throw it back for a touchdown after running backwards for 18 yards to our quarterback. And that's just stat, you know, he is such, so, such an aware player. That's what makes him unique and different is he, he's super intelligent. He plays as hard as you can possibly play. Yeah. He's so fun to watch. He's, he's one of the fa my favorite guys in college football to watch with a ball in his hands. Do you find yourself calling running plays just because you wanna watch him run with a football?


Yeah, I mean we definitely want, I mean, I get on the headset, I don't call the place Coach Arroyo does, but I get on the headset 'cause that's my background. I said, hand it to scat. I don't care what you do, just hand it to him or get it to him, him as, as many times as you can here or I wanna see stat touch it twice in a row. I'll definitely make comments like that. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I would just do it not because it's necessary for like, the situation of the game just because I as a, a person on the sideline want to watch him running with a football. Yeah. I don't, we don't make too many of those decisions just, you know, we mainly try to win. Yeah. That's usually our, our main purpose for decision making. Yeah. That's Why you're you and I'm me. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So the other one trade.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't want to trade. No. The other one we gotta talk about is the ending of the BYU game. Now this is where you basically were Coach Doug's me playing video games where I had big time clock management issues. I did stupid things all the time. Do you know now that like we're a few weeks removed from that and you're in the playoff and you're comfortably big 12 champs. Do you realize how fucking stupid you were in that moment? Yeah, that was a mistake. I, I, I openly said it. I think in my press conference on Monday, like 100%, you know, when we do an average play takes four to five seconds. So, and then a throwaway play takes eight seconds.


So when you do the math Yes. Does the little book that tells you to run around, run around and throw it away, tell you the game's gonna end. Yes. But does common sense tell you to go hit the SCA and score? Yes. So hundred percent hindsight, let's just turn around. Let's hand it to that dude who should be at the Heisman Trophy ceremony and let's save the drama for another day. Yeah. It made for a great ending. It Did. It did. It was, it was literally, I was watching it live being like, this guy's fucking playing Madden right now. Like what is he doing? And then, and then having that scene of you with the ref and there was some guy standing behind you that was making me laugh so hard. This like diehard Arizona State fan who beat basically instantly became your hype man who looked like he was just repeating everything you were saying.


It was why I love college football. It was just a scene you can't get in the NFL. And yeah, we learned, learned the lesson to maybe just run the ball next time. Yeah. Should just probably handed it to Scott. Yeah. And you know, as, as an Arizona state student, how hard it was gonna be to get all those guys off the field. Like once the student section gets on the field, that's gonna, that's a big cleanup job that you have to undertake there. That's what was going through my mind was, I'm getting pushed in the back, I'm getting hugged by random people and like mosh pitted in there and then I'm being told there's still time. Then my wife's out there and we're hugging and she's giving me a kiss. Congrats. And then we have donors on the field. The guy that you're talking about.


It's one of our top donors. That's awesome. And he's came out on the field with my wife and it was just, you talk about chaos. I mean, but you know what, this, this season's been so crazy that why, why not? Why not just add to it? Yeah. Like why not? Why not embrace it all? Embrace, embrace the chaos. And I, I feel like you had, maybe this is just the point of the football season where everything blends together, but didn't you have a game that was almost similar where you were out on the field and the game was over? Was that earlier in the season? Like the same thing happened? Oh, that's great. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I've never had a second added in my career. My, I, I coached Pop Warner, so if there's ever a time for a second to be added it on a clock, you'd think it would pop Warner officials.


And it's happened twice in our first 11 games this year we had a second added to the game, which gave the team the other ball. Yeah. The ball again. So it was very interesting. Yeah. Yeah. We might need to work on our last second situational football. That might be something to circle this off season. I I I agree. There's a, there's a lot more than that to work on. I got, I got a lot of problems. Yeah. So you guys are in a great spot now. As Big Cat mentioned, you were picked last in in your conference. How often do you repeat that? How often do you still let the team know, Hey, you were picked last. Like, that's, that's really bad. The expectations were so low on you that you're actually last and look at all you've accomplished.


Do you still, do you still use that as motivation like constantly with the team now? Yeah, it's more, we're, we're still not like people don't believe our, we're good. Right. We were, we weren't even picked high in the, in the last CFP rankings. People are saying, Hey, these teams that get to play us have the shorter, easier path. So our guys see all that. They read all that, you know, regardless of what they've accomplished on the last 12 or 12 weeks or 13 weeks now they, I mean they still have the chip on their shoulder 'cause people still doubt 'em. And that's why we're where we're at is, 'cause we have a lot of people who were at these blue blood programs that chose to come out here, live in Paradise, live in 65 degrees and sunny in December, jump in the pool, maybe take a little dip Right.


And walk down Palm Tree Lane at Arizona State and compete for championships at the same time. I mean, I don't know about you, but that sounds like a good time. You're Recruiting us right Now. It sounds good. Yeah. I'm, there's probably a couple, I don't know, like, let's say 230 pound, I'd say juniors in high school, they're linebackers. Maybe they've got like the start of a mullet going on right now and they're trying to figure out where they want to go to school. Maybe three star recruits. What would you say to those guys? I would say you get to come out here and live in paradise. You get to play championship football, you don't have to go in the snow and hit people in 25 degrees.


Yes. Does it get hot in the summer? Yeah. Keep your butt inside. Right. Get in the pool. Right. The pool's not bad. Right. It's a good spot. And be around good people. We have really good people on our staff And we, we have a saying here, be a good person, make good decisions. And the last one have more fun working harder than anyone in the country. If you wanna have a lot of fun working your ass off, this is a spot for me. Yeah. And, and I, I gotta give you credit because I love your, your breath of fresh air when it comes to college football and the way you've attacked. This is awesome. The one thing that, that, that's crazy that I, I haven't seen any other coaches do. The transfer portal sucks. You're losing guys, it's just part of the business.


But you're out there quote tweeting a guy who's transferring, being like, he's awesome. Someone pick him up. Is that like, I mean that's an intentional strategy by you, but like it seems very genuine that you're like, Hey look, I understand how this is gonna work. We're gonna lose guys every year. I'm not gonna shit talk 'em, I'm not going to, you know, tell them, make them feel bad for making a decision for themselves. I'm here to still support 'em. It's awesome. Yeah. I mean at the end of the day, like I know it's a business, I get all of it. Trust me, I'm in it. Right. So I understand it, but college sports is supposed to be to help the kids. Like that's still the root of what it's supposed to be. And if there's a guy who's not playing for us who wants to go play college football, why should I be upset?


Like I shouldn't be upset. I should be like, you're right. You're not gonna play for us right now. Or maybe you're behind somebody on the depth chart or maybe you're really good and you wanna go your dream school. Right? Maybe this isn't your dream school. Why would I be mad at a kid for wanting to be, do what's best for him? Coaches do it all the time. I've moved around, assistant coaches move around. What a double standard that would be for me if I don't support the players and their career aspirations. Like I support coaches and like I did in my career. So I root for 'em. I try to help 'em, I let them give my number to other college coaches for them to call me. I wanna see 'em successful and bottom line. And I really think if you're good to people, people are gonna be good to get back.


Yeah. Yeah. I really believe that. Yeah. It's a great message. And You can fight against the rules all you want. A lot of coaches do. They're very resistant to it. Or you can realize, hey, this is the situation that we're in. What's the best way that we can deal with it? This is the new reality. And if you support guys that are looking to transfer somewhere else, high school recruit is gonna see that and think to themselves, that's a good guy. That's a guy that I would wanna play for. Yeah. I I would hope, like I said, I just believe, like I said earlier, our number one thing on our board when we recruit people for our coaches, like our number one thing is be a good person. Like, that's not very hard to do. Like when you really truly think about it, it's not hard to just treat people.


Right. Yeah. And if you do that, good things are gonna happen for you. I I just believe it. So I I do think, I do think that's part of it is just being a good person. Yeah. Not rocket science. Yeah. Yeah. Go Rocket surgery. Yeah. You know. Alright, so I got a question for you. So our, like I said, we, we first got linked up when I took your job as Florida State offensive coordinator as Doug's, but I actually have longer history with you, which always for everything in my life, it goes back to a bet you coach Bo Nicks his, his freshman year. I I, it took me a long time to become a bow believer. I'm recently a bow believer. It's been about like a month now that I've been a bow believer.


Part of the reason why it took me so long was I remember specifically betting Oregon against Auburn his first game. And I was like, who the fuck is this guy? And you guys won that game. But you coach Bo Nicks, are you surprised at all about the success he's having in the NFL? Like what type of guy is he? Because you were, you were with like unfiltered, uncut Bo Nicks freshman year where he was doing crazy ass shit. Now he's, he's balling out in the NFL. Has any of this surprised you at all? Not at all. So I coached PO as a true freshman. He had a pretty good season as true freshman year. SEC Newcomer of the Year. And then he transferred to play for me at Oregon. That was a big reason he went up to Oregon. And Bo has always been competitive and special and accurate and has moxie and intelligent.


Like he's the dude that has enough dog in him that some, it makes some people uncomfortable. Like, oh whoa, he's gonna say something back to you. Yeah. Like in a good way, like in a competitive way. Like why do you like that call? Well what have you thought about doing it like this? And some people don't. Like some people, this is what you do. Go do it. Don't, don't give your opinion. I'm the opposite. I'm not the, I've never been the smartest dude in the room and I never will be. You know what I am, I'm smart enough to listen to people. And I was smart enough when I went to Oregon to listen to Bone X when he said I wanna run, I want this guy to run the route like this. I'm like, okay, go tell him. You're the one throwing it. Not me. Like I'm over there standing with my hands in my pockets. Like I hope this works.


Right. So I have zero doubt in my mind that he was gonna be successful. He has it. And I'm excited to watch him play, you know, for many years to come. 'cause I think he's gonna be one of the next great Bronco quarterbacks. I like that. There's so much doggy. Makes people uncomfortable. You know what he, you know who he makes uncomfortable if you've got too much dog. He makes cats uncomfortable. Yeah. He makes non dogs uncomfortable. Yeah. Brings out them. Yeah. So are you, when you watch him, when you watch him in the NFL and he's not, he hasn't turned the ball over in like a month. Are you like, what the hell man? What is Sean Payton telling you that I that I didn't tell you? No, I mean he did that at Oregon. I mean, he had one of the highest completion percentage in the country. He really didn't turn the ball over at Oregon for us when, when we got there.


So it's, he's kind of doing what exactly what he did his last two years in college. The problem was he's so efficient as a passer, you know, people wanted him to throw it deep more, you know, and there was a narrative about him going into the draft. And the funny thing about narratives is you guys know a narrative can be created about anything. It doesn't really matter. People can make it outta thin air. They can find a stat and create it. And there was some narratives about him going into the draft that led to him and the, it was the best thing that ever happened to him. 'cause it put him in a position to be drafted by the Broncos with Sean Peyton. Yeah. So that narrative of I, he doesn't throw it deep or take chances was the best thing that could ever happen to his career.


'cause it got him with a really good football coach. Yeah. You, you really had like the full Bo Nicks experience because Auburn Bo Nicks was chaotic and it was nuts and it was awesome. And it was just like, I always just think about though that game again against LSU in Baton Rouge and then in Oregon. Yeah. He, he like, it was just touchdowns and no interceptions and he was so efficient. So you, you saw it all. You, you, you're the, you're a Bo Knicks whisperer. I don't know about Whisperer. I wouldn't be, I will say this, I can guarantee I would not be the head coach at Arizona State without Bone X. Yeah. Without Jordan Travis. You know, I can promise you that. 'cause they're both really good players. The kid we have right now, Sam Levitt, he's a very similar player to Bone X.


He's got that swagger, the blonde hair, the runaround, ultra competitive. I mean they're very, it's, it's like I'm living, I'm like reliving the bow Nicks experience with, with this new guy Sam Levitt. And it's, it's super exciting. I mean now he's a big 12 champ as a freshman. So I've been blessed to be around some good quarterbacks. Yeah. So, so looking at the college football playoff, I don't want you to get ahead of yourself 'cause you obviously like, I, I love the spot you guys are in and the fact that no one thinks that, you know, they look at Boise, they look at Arizona State, they're like, oh that's a cakewalk for Clemson and Texas and all that stuff. But if you're able to win a game and Oregon wins a game and you go up against Dan Lanning, who knows the other one better.


Do you think you know Dan Lanning better than Dan Lanning knows you? I think we know each other the same. I mean, I go, we, Dan and I go back to when I was a high school coach and he was a GA at Arizona State. And then we linked back up at Memphis where he was the linebacker's coach and I was the quarterback's coach and coaches play a game called like who's got the pen last, where we go in And we talk ball, he draws up what he would do, I draw up what I would do, then he draws up what he would do And we go back and forth for hours. Or some coaches if you love ball. Right. And that was the guy I did that with. And me and him would go back and forth for hours at Memphis and at Oregon just who's got the pen last? What would you do here?


What would you do here? So I think we both know each other fairly well. Obviously he's got that place rocking and rolling. I mean, I got my, I got my organ duck helmet up there. I don't know if you guys can see it. It's barely off the screen. But you know, I got a lot of respect for him. Yeah. Yeah. So have you obviously have to start looking ahead a little bit in terms of just who you're going to be playing because you don't know yet. So how much prep work are you doing for each team? Right now? We're breaking 'em down. We're not watching them yet just 'cause we don't know who we're playing. We're really focusing on ourselves. Like we're watching all of our games and saying, okay, what tendencies have we created that we can break? So we're really gonna focus on our own self scout and fixing our own problems first and then we'll get in here in another week to the really the opponent prep.


Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting. So I always think about the self scouting thing. And again, we're, we're dumb, we're not, you know, we're not true like Xs nose football guys. And I always think about how other coaches would see things that I do on film and then I'd have to like play three dimensional chess to like change something that I think that they've noticed on film. And then I would get myself totally out of my own game plan. So how much do that as opposed to like playing to your strengths. Do you know what you do well and we're gonna continue doing those things that we do well. Well I'll create a parallel here. So I play video games fully aware. It's really not that much different. You've, you've played a guy who runs three plays in Madden or NCAA over and over again, right?


Me? Yeah. And he runs the same three plays every single time. Yeah. And you physically can't stop it. Yeah. And it's the most frustrating thing on the planet. Okay. There's that philosophy and then you run the guy who calls run, run, run, play, action, run, run, run, play action screen. And it's frustrating. Right? And we're more of the run, run, run, play actions cream the schemed up than we are. We're gonna run the same three plays over and over again and you can't stop it. Those philosophies carry over to real life, even though nobody wants to ever compare things to a video games. There are some parallels. It's more of a train of thought in a belief system. So for us it's more, it's not that we're not gonna do what we do, it's more can we do it a different way instead of doing it out of, you know, instead of running four verticals, can we motion to four verticals this week?


Can we align the back on the other side? Can we motion somebody, can we shift? It's more doing the same things but looking like it's different. I would say it's, you know, dressing it up, put a little salad dressing on it. Yeah. Still a salad, but still a little bit different. So do you, do you have Shark Wheel in the playbook? Shark Wheel is probably the biggest cheat code in the video game ever created. Yes. It does not work in real life. Like it would work in the, in the video Games, that's for sure. Okay. But you should maybe, maybe just have it in there for what, you know, maybe if you get to the national championship, you gotta surprise someone. Shark Wheel will work. It probably will, you know what does work in real life and in the video game is mesh two by two.


Yeah. Mesh with the tailback wheel. Yep. That plays, that play's still unstoppable. Video games, real life. Most common. Third down play in football, third medium playing in football is that play, which is always run in video games too. And people say video games aren't real. Yeah, Yeah. The, yeah, the wheel route just in general is a great concept. I feel like it's, especially in college, it's always open. Yeah. You get the running back going full speed against a linebacker in space and it's like, hey, it's gonna be open. No doubt. Yeah. So your start was very interesting. I, I don't know if this is true, but you got injured your senior year in high school and immediately went to coaching. So it was like that, it was just, you knew that you had to be a football coach and the minute you, because you hear all the time, like guys will go play, you know, division two college, they'll play, they'll go all the way to the end of their football career and then start coaching.


The end of your football career was senior year in high school. You're like, all right, ready to coach, let's go. Yeah. So I tore my ACL the spring of my junior year, tried to play my senior year without my ACL Problem is I'm five nine, I'm unathletic, you know, I'm overweight. And I was never, never really a good player. And that's not a good combination to already be not a good player and not have an ACL. My high school coach was like, Hey bud, you may wanna do this if you like football, start coaching. And so my high school coach is actually our special team coordinator right now, Charlie Ragle. So he's like, Hey bud, let's just start this coaching thing. You're already not very good.


This ACL is gonna make you worse. Oh. Least. So I started That. That's awesome. So your high school coach is now on your staff. That's fucking cool. Yeah, he is. He is our special teams coordinator, assistant head coach. That's awesome. That's awesome. It's also, it is a really great excuse if you weren't very good to begin with because when you hear like, oh, he tore his ACL so he couldn't play football, everyone automatically assumes he must have been a great football player, bad injury, luck. So you can, you can play into that. You're being a little bit too honest with us, I think. Yeah. I was not a great player. I mean, and I wish I could stay bad injury luck since that ACL I've torn my left patella attendant playing hoops, playing morning hoops and my right patella attendant playing morning hoops.


So I don't, I was just not a very good athlete. Yeah. I have my, I have a two and a half year old boy, I, I pray and I think he's got my wife's jeans who's the athlete of the family. She was like an Olympic hopeful gymnast. So I really hope he is got her genes. Yeah. Wait, so back to your high school coach. Has there been moments where you guys have been sitting late in meetings, especially now like maybe even this week where it's like, this guy was your coach in high school and now he's on your staff and you're going to the college football playoff. That's that's a really cool like pinch yourself moment. Has he said that to you? Oh yeah. We definitely, our staff is filled with people who love Arizona State. I mean, our running backs coach, coach high school in the valley forever.


Our in in the val the Valley is Phoenix area. Right. Our, our tight ends coach is born and raised in Arizona, went to Arizona State. Our, one of our d-line coaches went to Arizona State. Our linebackers coaches from 15 minutes from Arizona State. Our defensive coordinators from 30 minutes from Arizona State campus. Like we have so many people that are passionate about this place that we look at each other And we had a sang, I mean we were predicted to win four wins. So when we were going to get our fifth win, we would look at each other and say, if we can just get this one. And then we won five and then we're like, if we can just get this one, we're like, oh, that's sick. If we can just get this one and 11 wins later, big 12 champs, we're looking at each other and then this next week And we can just get this one.


Oh yeah. See how long the ride goes. I I love that. Imagine a team just going, if we can just get this one all the way to a national title Yeah, You could do it for sure. Yeah. It's been a hell of a season. And, and the conference that you play in seems like it's more chaotic than any other conference in the country. What is it about the big 12 that just lends itself to these, these crazy games? Well, one, we play nine conference games, so we play more conference games than some of the other leagues. Right. So you, and then two, the, it's just every team is so close to each other from a talent perspective. So I mean, there's not really the bottom of the league traditionally, there's not a true, I mean though we were supposed to be the bottom, but there's not really the bottom of the league in consistent powerhouses.


So every week that you play, I mean you could win or lose the football game. I mean, 'cause it's so competitive. So you beat each other up and then everybody has two losses by the end of it. Like when you go through the nine games to survive at eight and one is very, very rare. So we beat each other up and, and then the environments, I think it's an underrated thing. The environments in the Big 12 going on the road to still Stillwater going up to, we didn't go to Boulder this year with Coach Prime. Right. Those are, I mean, going to Utah, going to BYU though, coming to Arizona State, you guys saw our crowd. Those are real environments. So not only do you have to play good teams, you're not like going on the road to 25,000 fans, you know, who leave at halftime.


You're going on the road to people throwing tortillas on the field like they do at Texas Tech. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. San Marcus. Tough place to go. Yeah. So I know that you walked this back a little, but there was a point in the season where you, you were, you were down to do open tryouts for, for kickers and I, I hit you up right away and I was like, I got a kicker. And he's sitting right next to Me. I started stretching. I, I, I told him, I was like, Hey, there's a chance you might have to go down to Arizona. Now I know you, you, you figured that out. I don't know if PFT has eligibility left, but would you still be open for PFT trying out, just getting a, maybe a private tryout in the spring sometime, just to see what he's got. We could do a private tryout.


I feel our guys have done a phenomenal job. I mean, I should have never said that. I'll openly apologized. Like I said, sometimes some things have to be handled behind closed doors. But 100% if you wanna come out and you know, you wanna see what you got, I would love for you to come out and embarrass yourself. I think that'd be awesome. Oh, wow. I think that'd be exciting. This is, This is like when you, he's testing you. This is like when you got picked Last coach. Now I'm, I'm making this person. Yeah. If I can just make one field goal, then I'll be okay. He's testing you. He, okay. So when Big Cat told me that I did try out for the XFL when three for five from 37 yards. So I started stretching, got in the squat rack a little bit. I do have eligibility left.


I looked it up. I could, I could enroll in a SU law school and I, I could be on the roster. Like obviously I wouldn't get in the game, but you don't have a limit. I could just be on the roster and just, just show up for games as like the, the seventh string kicker. Right. I mean, in today's day and age with NIL, you know, you may be able to NIL yourself through Pardon My Take to become our fourth string kicker. Yeah. Right. That there could be a play there. I mean, there's an opportunity. And you know what I let, I want to take on the mantra of, of what you speak about at a SU and, and any NIL money that I make through being the fourth string kicker, I'm gonna distribute that to the rest of the kickers on the team.


I think that's a great idea. Yeah. I think that's an absolutely phenomenal idea. And I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna match Bette's gonna match. I'm gonna match. Oh, well see. Hot damn. Yeah. We're, we're rolling now, now we're working with fish greets. Yes, I can, I can still make a 35 yard field goal consistently. I think I haven't kicked in like a year. But you, you gimme like three months to get into shape and to start working on it. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be lights out from 40 in. Yeah. Consistency. That's what you need. He's just trying to test you. Yeah. So I, I actually did have, I have one last question. This is, he's trying to test you 'cause I know how, how Coach Gilham is


Rollback. Question RHOB k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase, Q ZIPPs, polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take, go right now and buy it.


My last question, and I, I know what you're doing to PFT because I, I know you pretty well in just reading everything and, and talking to you. You, you just like guys who want to compete, so you have a ping pong table that you, you basically have the rule that if you beat someone in ping pong and they don't wanna play again, you're like, that guy's not for me. So how, how much, how much of that is like real, where it's like, you know, if we play a video game and you don't wanna play again, I don't really want you round because I want you to have that dog where you're like, I gotta win a game. Yeah. It's not, I mean, I say that jokingly, but it's somewhat like, it's, it's not 100% true. I just wanna see somebody who's like, passionate about it.


Like, we're doing something, we're competing in something. Like if I beat you and you're like, oh, what's the next thing that we're doing on our visit? Right. Like that doesn't, I, I don't connect with people like that. Like, I grew up the youngest of four where I got my butt beat, beaten, everything. And like, I would hate it and I'd be like, play again. Play again. I want people that like, wanna be the very best and that are wired in a way that I don't care if they're playing Tiddly winks, they wanna win. I don't even know what a tiddly wink is. Yeah. But I, I've heard the saying before and they wanna win in it. And whether it's spades, whether it's chess, whether it's NCAA, I want people that it pisses 'em off to lose.


Yeah. It they're modest them. It's uncomfortable. Yeah. I like that. Love that mantra. So is there anybody else on your team that you wanna shout out? Like an unsung leader of the program? Because we spent a lot of time talking about the running back, the quarterback, but is there a guy on the team that's like the heartbeat of the team that's kind operating behind the scenes? Yeah. One of those guys would be Xavier and Alfred, our starting safety, who was first team all conference. He started his career at Texas, transferred from Texas, went to USC, you know, didn't work out there, transferred from USC shows up at Arizona State. The NCAA de deemed him ineligible for transferring twice. It was before the rules changed. So then he practiced for a year and a half without playing here.


And now he's first email conference. The, what he's put the work he's put in. He's the guy who gives our pregame speeches. If you ever watched any of our videos, I don't give pregame speeches. I'm horrible at it, but he's good at it. So he's the one who gives the, the pregame speeches to the guys. He's definitely one of those guys. I love it. Love it. Alright folks, folks, we're, we're rooting for you guys. Yeah. I mean this is, it's why I love college sports, this type of story and, and, and someone who's got the passion that you've got, especially for Arizona State, don't let Pete Prisco back on the bandwagon. By the way, he's a friend of ours. He's gonna say that he's, he never left. He definitely left the bandwagon. He left. So we're, we'll, we'll gate, keep the bandwagon for you when it comes exclusively to just Pete Prisco.


That sounds Good. Okay. Alright. Alright. Thanks so much, coach. We really appreciate it, man. See you coach. I appreciate it. Go devils


Coach D was brought to you by, Hey dude, we're bringing the holiday magic with a twist of hey dude style, comfort, and stoke to make this season unforgettable. Welcome to that. Hey dude, holiday season, we're giving the gift of go-to kicks is the ultimate way to spread cheer. No one does the holidays. Like, Hey dude, whether you're a diehard fan or a first timer, no one does festive offerings. Like, Hey dude, it's the holiday season. If you're looking for novelty prints, Hey dude, it's got you covered. This year the signature silhouettes are getting their annual festive glow up to kick things off, we're cranking up the holiday vibes with their Wally windy and cozy slipper styles. Plus don't forget about the boots. I'm wearing the boots right now. I've been rocking the boots all week. I was walking through the kitchen at Bar Barstool Sports today. Got pulled aside by like three people. They're like, yo, PFT, are you matching? Did you match your boots with your shirt? I did not. I just got very, very lucky when I got dressed this morning. But they're great, great boots. I've been wearing 'em all week. Perfect. For the wintertime. They're also the perfect gifts to share with everyone on your list. Shop the Halla dude season now@heydude.com. Give the gift of comfort and style this holiday.


Okay, Hank guys on Chicks, Michigan fan here and I'm buzzing from Saturday. What Michigan fan here and I'm buzzing from Saturday. Is this old? Correct? Yeah. No, this Is, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Maybe they were just buzzing From Oh no. Oh, okay. I've been dating my boyfriend for four months. Wait, is this still the Michigan Fan? No. Okay. Maybe. I've been dating my boyfriend for four months. We are in our late twenties and he absolutely loves basketball. Recently he joined a league where two teams play. The s in the garage Usually, usually happens As it sounds, a bunch of middle-aged men play against recently graduated high schoolers.


The s and have this is written incorrectly, the s and have an XD one football player and always win. And my husband takes great pride each week. He makes fake newspaper articles and AI generated podcasts glorifying himself for his performances. He recently said he is considering going to an open NBA tryout 'cause he dropped a triple double against a team of 18 year olds. Should I be honest and tell him he isn't good enough? Or should I let him let try and live his dreams? I love this idea for a league where it's just two teams and you only have one team that you play against and you play against him all the time. It's like, it's like gangs. Yeah. It's Harlem. Go Globe Trotters in the Washington Generals. Yeah. No, I think guy's gotta have a hobby. He's creating an alternate universe for himself.


That's a normal thing to do with like fantasy football. Yeah. And, and you know, rec leagues and stuff. See, someone always takes it seriously. But that's not a bad thing also. Or you could say Max, I, I Want, I want us to put out this graphic of like, that he's, that he's joining it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. Like I Want, I want to fulfill us to fulfill this guy's dream. Like Yeah. Send us, yeah, send us a recap and we'll talk about it as a national sports podcast. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We'll talk about it. Also, judging from this blurb that the girl wrote in Nothing better, nothing better than playing intramural rec sports, whatever it is. And having like a true insane athlete on your team.


'cause that's really what it sounds like. He's just good because he's got a D one football player on his team. But when you, like, when you get in those situations, you're like, we have a true ringer and there's just no way we can lose best feeling in the world. I I do love What the Its Like a scramble golf when you have a scratch golfer. Yeah, yeah. Like when you took all the money from me at your club with that guy. Yeah. Who's a PGA pro? Shout To Kurt. That was, I mean, Shout Kurt. I love what he's doing though. I love that he's creating like this entire thing, entire narrative storylines about his team. You'd rather have a guy like that than a guy that just doesn't do anything. Yeah. Yeah. Hello Big Cat. PFT Hanky Wanky and crybaby Max.


Mm. Yeah. That was mean. My husband, I forgot about that tweet. My husband dips and constantly leaves his spitters around the house. He tells me don't throw 'em away until they're full gross. I think this is absolutely gross. But he thinks it's better than making a new one every day. And then proceeds to say it's good for the environment. They get their full, what do I even say back to that? Yeah, he's right. Although it is gross. Spitters Are fucking gross. Disgusting habit. I remember when we first started working outta the New York office and it was a time when there were no loosies, there were no nicotine pouches. Like everybody in that office dipped constantly. And Mountain Dew bottles. No, I was talking about like no caps on them. The Mountain Dews are different 'cause they're like, they're green so they're little tinted.


But people walking around with like Pepsi bottles and water bottles that were just filled to the brim with dip, spit everybody all the time. That was, that was gross. Looking back on it, It's, it's 'cause Yeah, I mean, I'm, I'm a loose guy, but it, you know, back in the day, having tip, you can't have a bottle after it gets like a quarter full. You gotta throw it out. 'cause then you're spitting and it's splashing back. It is gross. Can we bring, if you like, fill one up, that's just disgusting. Can We bring back the spittoon that they had in cartoons where you would like spit into it from across the room and make that nice satisfying ding. Yeah. Shout out to this guy for looking out for the environment though. What a great spin zone.


Everyone in this room has accidentally tasted spit, right? Oh Yeah. I mean, I, I only went to college for a year brother in my college days. And when I lived in, in Boston, my roommates dipped and I didn't. And the, the number of times like waking up and drinking, being hungover and taking a sip of something and it being dip spit. Yeah. Like there's truly no worse feeling. Nothing worse with a hangover than Yeah. I Lived in a baseball house Which drinking dip spit. Yeah. There was just dip everywhere. Everywhere. Everywhere. I'm a guy, but think this question is pertinent. Every time my wife comes home after running errands, going to the gym, et cetera, she asked me if I jacked off while she was gone. How can I get her to stop asking me besides saying yes and having a weird conversation every time.


I also don't want to lie to her, but the answer is usually your I was gonna say he's definitely jerking off. So Yeah. What? Yeah, I think, I think this guy's confused because she just 100% has your number. Yeah. And she and you, you have a tell. There's something where she comes back and she knows maybe don't do a good enough job cleaning up. That's why she's asking you all the time. If you stop jacking off, I bet you she'd stop asking. Maybe turn off the porn before she gets back. Yeah. It'd be funny if she just kept on walking into him blasting Porn. Yeah. Or, or if she like goes on the computer and autocorrect just pops up Also. Yeah. Just don't jerk off a couple times and saying no. And she'll probably stop asking if you keep saying yes, maybe You can get something.


Yeah. Yeah. Just be like, no, I was saving it for you girls. Love hearing that. Yeah. You're probably, You're Probably you're fucking up because she's coming back. She might be horny and she's asking you from the gym. Yeah. She's asking you if you jacked off because she wants to bang. Yeah. And when you That's a great point. When you don't immediately respond with Let's go bone, then she's like, he jacked off. Yeah. He must have jacked off. This was a tweet. I don't know. I it, it got, it went pretty viral on Twitter from Tori tweeted, my sister asked for a pod wreck for a six hour drive. This, this isn't guy, this isn't Guys on Chicks Obviously told her to listen to part of my take. This is her review. And this is from Lex.


So this is Chicks. Okay. Yeah. Max from hashtag p mt is so fucking annoying when he sucks off the Eagle's constantly. So that was Lex's review. I think that was on Friday's episode. So it was after his lion's rant, which did make no sense. But we have to let him just do what he wants. That was, it was natural. He was doing it off air too. That was just like immediate aftermath. Correct. Of a game that didn't go your way. Correct. So I do think that people forget sometimes that like we will record a right after a game and that is the dumbest time for us. Like the dumbest time for our brains is immediately after a game and having zero time to process what we watch.


Yeah. You know what the, the best way to do it is to watch another game and then go ahead and talk about the game before the last time that You saw. Right. But we can't, we're, we're not able to process No. Very well nor do we want to. No. And also I don't think the podcast would be as good if we don't. No. Do you wanna sit there and listen to somebody that you agree with all the time? If we're just like, yeah. Actually looking over my notes, you know, they should have gone. No, I just wanna be like, Hey, dumb coach, stupid interception, too many home games. Oh, Too many. You play all their games. Bang, podcast. Done. If you, If you want somebody that gets it right, like listen to Malcolm Gladwell or talk to her. Yeah. We ain't ever gonna get it. Right. And we take pride in that, but yeah.


Lex was it Lex? We heard your, we heard you loud. Heard you loud. I understand. I understand Loud and clear. I understand. Said we take criticism, you know, valid criticism. We take it seriously. So we will make steps to make sure that Lex feels like her needs have been met. And for the fans. Just so you know, at home, max and Hank are actually very aware. They'll oftentimes, like it was probably every like once a month for each of 'em. We'll finish the show and they'll just be like, ah, I talked too much. Oh yeah. Oh that, oh, that Friday I was thinking, I was like, that was a big talk too much. I mean, max has to do it now for, you know, the, the five or six years when I was editing the podcast, I would be listening back and then hear myself talk.


Yeah. And then get mad and be like, why Do You ever edit yourself out Max? Oh yeah. Oh my God. In the beginning, the first few years I was editing everything. As soon as I start I just go like four x speed that you can't even actually hear what I'm Saying. I think you, I think you guys don't talk too much. I love having multiple voices like memes. He's been fucking talking all episode. Yep. Do you guys ever get the thing where like you, you record a podcast, then you go home and you go to sleep usually like on a Sunday it'll be late. We'll, you know, try to fall asleep at like 12:31 AM and as you're laying there in bed trying to fall asleep, you just keep saying to yourself, I shouldn't have said that. Oh yeah, that's one thing All the time. And really, You know that you're wrong.


Yeah. You know, you know that you are very wrong and then you just know that you have to wake up the next day and have hundreds of people tell you that you were wrong about the thing that you know that you're Wrong. Or like, I shouldn't have reacted that way all, all the time. And I'm, I think that's actually why we're successful is that we actually are still critical of ourselves. Because if we, if I went home every night and been like, nailed that, yeah, it would probably suck. But yeah. No, I, I don't sleep. I Edited out like a whole thing that we said last episode About What We just kept talking about how Tez Watkins from Oregon is a really good receiver. His name is Tez Johnson. Yeah, That's Watkins. That's, That's why I just called him Tez. Yeah. We appreciate that. Yeah. Good job. Sleep denial that anyone even listens to this show and that this is a podcast and that's how I, that's how I live my life.


Yeah, no, I I I, I know the minute I get something wrong, like I get in my car on Sunday nights and I am like, oh fuck. Then I just have that moment like, ah, whatever. I, they'll hopefully be, they'll be cool about it. Like, this is my career, but I just tell myself like, oh, I, I was never gonna be like, you know, in, I don't consider myself someone whose opinion matters in sports talk. So like, it doesn't matter. Yeah. It doesn't matter how dumb you are. Yeah. It does matter. Alright, good. Show boys. The whole booth is here. Booth. We got anything to say about Luigi? We disavow. I mean, we got a whole booth of Italians. I'm, I'm curious to see what, what the, what the next play is For Luigi.


Yeah. Did you see the YouTube video? What? What do you think Mario's gonna break him out? Was that fake? What? Yes. What do you think is gonna happen the next play? I don't know. He said that there, he said it's not over. I saw, I saw a TikTok. I'm pretty sure it's over. It Was a fake YouTube video. Yeah. Or like, it was, it wasn't him that made it, It's just kind of wild that he got arrested for acting suspiciously in McDonald's. I, I think the, the answer to Mike, I didn't Even want to get into it. The, the Answer to Mike, nobody to get into it. Hank, get I want Hank need, need your thoughts. Can't edit this one out, buddy. I was gonna say the answer to my question while Hank thinks, collects his thoughts, that instant reaction from our Italian booth. Hopefully Luigi doesn't get an Italian lawyer. Yeah. Shows up the first day.


He's like, did you see a YouTube video? The YouTube? I mean, it looked like it would've been interesting if it was, if it were real. Okay. But apparently It's Not. It's not. Matt Hank, I, I don't know. You Don't want to get Into it. What's your thoughts, Hank? I just take everything with a grain of salt. I'm not Yeah, you're smart. I'm, I'm not just gonna believe everything. Don't believe there's, there's a lot of things that don't make any sense and it's basically everything The media lies to you. You know what's disappointing to the listeners is that we're gonna have a great post show conversation about whatever Hank's thoughts are right now. Yeah. Yeah. But this Is where I get actually in my head because it's like, I'm not trying to spew conspiracy theories and then have everyone Do you know what? Well actually Let's take some time Because I have no, I'm not informed, but take it through.


My initial reaction is Fri Friday, let's get a little presentation. I just wonder Who writes down their manifesto here as a, as a young kid here. Ted Kozinski. Yeah. Right. Old pretty famous Connor Stall. No, But I'm saying like, he's a, he's a Old, he's a youth. Okay. The youth aren't writing Holding. Well it's only three pages. So you're saying if it was a notes app that, that it would be believable. I don't think if It's three pages that's manifesto Us. Hey, can you put together like presentations for me? And I never in person. Okay. Never like physical copies. Here's what we'll do. And he's way younger than me. I just, I wonder if, you know, he was a heartthrob after his picture went out there. Girls were like swooning all over him. I wonder if he got to actually like, enjoy his like, brief celebrity run.


No, probably Not. You don't think anybody, you don't think he boned and a girl recognized him was like, he can't A guy. Wait, the only, the only recognized him. They arrested him. Well, yeah, no, before that he was on the run for like four days. Yeah. But no one knew who he was. Somebody knew who he was. You think His full face, like his face, but like no one knew he was on the run. Yeah, but you don't think anybody else recognized him. It was like your, your eyebrows look like that guy maybe. Yeah. That was the big takeaway is like, guys like him, guys like me, guys like Nick smokes. We shouldn't be doing that with our eyebrows. Yeah, you just get caught. Jets. Jaguars game preview on Friday will be Hank's Conspiracy theory Hour.


I give you a full hour numbers. 11 3 8 99 Poke 17 95, 21. What'd you say Jack? Jack said 19. 19, right Jack? 19 for Jack 93. Did someone say 93? No one said 93. Pug said that. I thought Pug dude too. He said 99 Pug. 94 is coming soon. Love you guys.