
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take Super Wild Card Weekend recap. We're gonna recap all five games. We had four duds and then an absolute thriller in Sunday night Football and PFT Commanders are marching on. We're gonna talk maybe a little preview for Monday Night Football 'cause we didn't talk about it on Friday. Who's back in the week? Fastest two minutes.


Listen, we only got a few of these left, so cherish 'em. It is a football Monday and it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings NFL Playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are getting on the action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner. The NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning in the NFL playoffs. And the key to you scoring big is betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place toti BET touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sportsbook app and Make your pick. Here's another reason to watch your favorite players crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on the Draftking Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Okay, let's go Football guy. Mindset, mindset. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Score big during the NFL playoffs with DraftKings Sports book. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking.


Sportsbook the crown is yours. Today is Monday, January 13th and it's Super Wild Card Weekend. Wha wha play off. They're not going to get 'em. Wha Psalm spread. We start in Houston where QB just 10 man Herbert showed no heart and had way more ooze than Oz in this one. It's early January. So the Stroud boys stood back and stood by until CJ found Lord and Xavier Hutchinson for a huge gain off of fumbled Snap.


And just like that the Texans were storming the defense. The game broke open when Herbert was picked off by safety. Eric Curry, who made Samosa his playing time and didn't stop until he was Indian end zone and proved the Chargers are a non-actor come playoff time Texans 32 Chargers in the stinky cloud. 12. Wha wha We head down to Baltimore, Maryland where the new look Ravens defense and Dean Black-Eyed Peas said, let's get Lamar. Let's get Lamar in here. Hey, hey. As he connected with Rashad of Love with Tela Tequila Pateman and he was very easy to score with Brussels sprouts.


Wilson had another performance that was very hard to digest and all the kids at home hated it. But George W. Bush Pickens is Bagdad again. But the Baltimore offense was committing war crimes with a ground invasion as Derrick Henry Kissinger carpet bombed the Steelers for another Pittsburgh playoff. Laos Ravens 28 best Steelers 14 On Sunday to Western New York where the Broncos had bills saying Troy Bay as Franklin caught the first score of the game to put Denver up early, but they forgot about 17 as quarterback Josh Ellen went against the went against Dee. That was generous to him telling his team let's be in the game and made the Broncos look like the interns the way he abused them.


The game broke open when the offense dropped their Johnson on the table and challenged the Broncos to tie that ultimately the Broncos shouldn't hold their heads down as they'll be doing bow tricks on it for the quarterback of the future. The bills 31 Broncos seven and no one circles the wagons like the Buffalo Bills. We head over to Philadelphia where Max was on the seed We had to Philadelphia where Wake Up Elliot continues to sleep on the season as he missed another extra point and almost cost the birds another game. Thankfully King Bond took over the game when Jordan Love was seeing smoke.


So he's about to choke. Then we took it for the O big play. Ray Lamont had Philly fans saying, you are the best thing, you're the best thing ever happened to me. As he continued to the pick parade with one of the best plays of the weekend, Nolan Smith and Weston shot off the line like a bullet all game long as he mastered the Packers on his way to two sacks, including one light. That's the other game. Eagle 22 Packers 10. We go down to Tampa, Florida where backwards hat Dan Quin and Button is looking younger the older he gets. Meanwhile, Todd Bowles was mixing up his left and his right, like Hank trying to understand the political spectrum.


And Mike seven minutes in Heavens took Marshawn Lahore into the closet and made out like a bandit cooking the former Saints quarterback in the first half up and down the field in an early score. But Jayden Danelli was not going to be denied with a bandaid on his face covering a gas so deep. Mike Tarico tried to grab it. A few cocktails, MI Amigo Olam Zakia holding some Knight Fores reminding the audience that it is me. I can not me I cannot Baker. And the Bucks responded with a field gold driver of their own leading to insane in the membrane. Gonzales pulling his hair out as he jogged onto the field and the goalpost said left hand up.


Right as a ball bounces off the right pole it in as the Commanders win 23 to 20. What?


And that is Fastest two minutes for Super Wild Card Weekend. Brought to you by our friends at Chevy. The playoffs are here and every game counts our aws. No one counts. You can count on Chevy Silverado, a dependable partner with strength, capability, and true grit. Whether you're looking for a spacious interior to comfortably get to the game, the functionality of the Multiflex tailgate to get the most outta tailgating or the technology to make driving, towing and parking all easier. Chevy Silverado has got your back. Did you know that Chevy is America's most awarded brand for new vehicle quality over the last three years? According to JD Power, now is the perfect time to get into a Silverado or Silverado hd, our favorite truck and the official truck of, Pardon My Take. Go to chevy.com to check out all the great offers and even build your own Silverado and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details.


Okay? Super Wild Card Weekend. At least the first five games in the books. We got a lot to talk about boys. We had some duds and then we had a thriller on Sunday night and pf t's Commanders. So we're gonna, we're gonna go in chronological order all the way back to Saturday, which is always hard because your brain's like, oh shit, the Texans and Chargers did happen. Yeah. So we have Texans 32 Chargers 12. I'd like to put my hand up real quick and say that I wanna apologize to the Houston Texans because I was down on them and I think rightfully so at points in the season and their offense. Rightfully so, that Texans defense, holy shit, did they bring it on Saturday?


They were so goddamn good. And not only were they so good, I thought that game was decided by the fact that the Chargers came out like basically a perfect start Chargers go down the field, kick a field goal, get the fumble on the very next play. And if the Texans defense doesn't play their balls off to start the game, if they give up a touchdown on the first drive, if they give up a touchdown after the fumble, that game could look totally different. But essentially the Texans defense played so well early that they let CJ Stroud in that offense find a rhythm to a point where they were able to to to win that game. So like that was just that the Texans defense was just so Good.


They were good. They're all, their cornerbacks were good, especially Derrick Stingley. Oh yeah, Stingley was a problem. Will Anderson was very, very good too. Yep. We have slept on the Texans defense. Yeah, The offense still Constant. I think it's been under the assumption that they're not a great team. Like overall when we've been talking about 'em, we haven't been talking about 'em. Like they're a very good team because they're, they haven't blown out bad teams. They've played in close games all year long. They haven't really shown us flashes on offense, but their defense has been good and their defense was very good against the Chargers who they were the team that was supposed to have the suffocating defense going into it. And then if you go up, if you dominate the first part of the game and you go up six to nothing on two fuel goals. Right. That when we talked about like if you go up, if you kick a fuel goal to go up six points in a game, it feels like the other team always comes down and scores again.


It felt like you were, you were losing the game having only gotten six points outta those, those two incredible drives. Yeah, We were watching it being like, if you're a Chargers fan, you have to feel very uneasy right now. Yeah. Because you have had every lucky bounce to start this game and everything's gone your way and you're only up six. Nothing. And then the game completely switched on the fumbled snap that CJ Stroud had scrambles outta the pocket, makes an incredible play, hits a bomb down the field like 34 yards. That Was like that play that Ben Johnson tried to get Jerry Goff to run. Yeah. Where he said, can you intentionally fumble it because it throws a whole defense off. They, they get off what their normal schedule is and their routine is. Right. And then it can open stuff up.


This was not intentional. This is a mistake, but it opened everything up downfield and then all of a sudden Yeah, like you're saying, it's the whole offense looked different. Right. And that was the end of the half. And they, if they get, if they get a, if that ends up being a fumble or like Chr falls on the ball, the Chargers get the ball back, they can maybe drive, they're up six, nothing. They go into halftime instead that, like some, something happened there where it woke up the Texans offense. 'cause then they go on the, they they get a touchdown, then they force a three and out and they get another three points. So now it's ten six at halftime in a half where you're like, everything that could have gone wrong for the Texans went wrong and the Chargers are somehow down. And then the second half was just an absolute, like, that was I, I've retired charger because of Jim Harbaugh and the culture he's built.


That was charger Ring, was it Charger ring? I mean they, the pick six, like everything just fell apart all at once. I Feel like Charger would be a little bit closer at the end. This was, yeah, I I know I think the Chargers ran into an acute case of building their entire offense out of Vlad McConkey. Yeah. So about that. And we, we have to have a Justin Herbert conversation, but Lab McConkey was incredible. And the rest of the Chargers offense was not Lab McConkey had 197 yards. The other wide receivers had 45 and, and tight ends lab. McConkey had one touchdown when Justin Herbert was throwing to lad McConkey, he had one touchdown, one interception when he was throwing to anyone else. He had zero touchdowns, three interceptions.


He was 60% completion percentage to lad, 29% to everyone else. 13 yards per g per pass to lad 2.6 to everyone else. And Lad had eight first downs and everyone else had one. It was One One. That's crazy passing. They just couldn't do anything that wasn't lad McConkey. And honestly, like, I mean we should talk Justin Herbert, if that lad McConkey touchdown doesn't happen, that stat line is one of the all time worst stat. It was already a bad stat line. It's bad. And it also, but it was like that at least gave him 80 yards in a touchdown. And was it the pick six that bounced off Will Disley so her, that that one wasn't on on Justin Herbert, but the other ones were.


So He had, th he had four interceptions. One was not his. The, I think the worst one by far was the first one because it was six nothing. First half CJ Stroud throws an interception and the very next play Justin Herbert tries to throw across his body across the field. Yeah. And like, you just can't, I don't know what he was doing there. And then he had the one where he overthrew lad and then, I can't remember, I can't remember what the last, but he, he was bad. He was really bad and, and his offensive line didn't help him. But like Justin Herbert has been in the playoffs twice now. He is, he was 14 for 32 with four interceptions on Saturday.


The other game, he was in the Playoffs. They blew a 27 nothing lead. It's not good. Yeah. I still would take 'em, but it's not good Big Cat this stat. Is it a, is it a bad stat? Is it a good stat or is a bad stat? That actually is kind of good if you read it the wrong way. Okay. Justin Herbert is now the only player in NFL history to throw more interceptions in a playoff game. Then he had interceptions during the entire regular season. Okay. I think that is officially a bad good stat. I think it's a bad stat. That's good if you're a loser. Yeah. It's a bad stat right now actually.


It'll be a bad stat when you look back at the season. If you're like, he remember that season you only threw three interceptions. Yeah. You just hope that the person you're talking to isn't like, but what about the playoff way through Four? Then what? So they must have won the Super Bowl, Right? Yeah. You just hope that the person doesn't have that locked and loaded. Yeah. Because you can get away with being like, Justin Herbert actually only threw three interceptions in a Season. Here's the take three. Interceptions is not enough interceptions. That's, I agree. That's not enough interceptions. You gotta throw a few, you have to have more interceptions than that. But yeah, it, it's, it's, it, it shines a light on how well he played and how the Chargers formula during the regular season was play mistake free football play, tough defense, and then somehow you win the game.


Right. And in this game it didn't work out and he did not play mistake free football by a long shot. He was, to be fair to Justin Herbert, they hit the fuck out of him a lot. They hit the fuck out of him. And Greg Roman, I think he only called 16 runs, which again, that goes back to the Texans defense. Yeah. Texans defense upfront and, and I mean single Terry Kamari Laer, like they all were bawling, but like that he had no time. He, they were suffocating like as bad as Justin. I know that the conversation wants to be about Justin Herbert because that's what we do. We talk about quarterbacks. I don't think you could talk about Justin Herbert without it first saying like, Hey dude, credit to the Texans defense because that was a lot of them. And like Ju Justin Herbert played bad, but it was also the Texans defense playing out of this world.


Good. I think people are frustrated with Justin Herbert because this gets really into like the sports media ecosystem. Correct. Here I'm gonna, I'm gonna be the, the Justin Herbert. I'm gonna be the say something bad about Justin Herbert guy. Okay. Okay. You guys talk about him like he's won three Super Bowls. He hasn't won a playoff game, but you guys we're supposed to think Justin Herbert is the second coming of Jesus Christ and Tom Brady. Yeah. But your golden boy hasn't won a playoff game. He just threw four interceptions. He sucks. He Sucks. He played a very bad game At some point. The expectations, if he is like your entire offense, and I, if he's supposed to be, you know, a great quarterback that's gonna be worthy of a huge extension, you would like for him to play way, way better in the playoffs.


I think he already got his extension. Yeah. But to be worthy of that, to be worthy of that money and all the cap that's gonna be tied up in him. I'll, I'll say this right now, and this isn't me defending Justin Herbert because he was terrible on Saturday. I will buy all the B Justin Herbert stock Right now is a great time to Buy. I I will buy all of it. If you think that he's just like a terrible quarterback, that's fine. I still think he's pretty good. I would like to see him with maybe some more weapons other than just lab McConkey. This also is like a perspective game where the Chargers were not supposed to probably be in the playoffs this year given the roster and like the overturn and the re rebuild and everything. So it's like, it's hard in the moment to say you, like you, it feels like you're defending Justin Herbert where I'm not trying to defend him.


I'm more like they, they overachieved this year. Like they, they overachieved they, they probably weren't gonna be a playoff team if you looked at it going into the season and then overachieve to get to this point. And they overachieved so much that everyone had them as a favorite and I thought they were gonna win this game. Yeah. So it's like, you know, I thought, I bet on them to win win Super Bowl. I too, like I I, I was drinking the Kool-Aid. So it's almost like they're a little bit of a victim of their own success in that respect. Here's How Justin Herbert works for me. When I hear somebody saying this guy, when when I hear somebody like sucking his dick, I'm like, let's pump the brakes. He hasn't really done anything. Right. When I hear somebody like sharpening their knife and being like, this fucking guy's a bum. I'm like, actually he's really good. Yeah. It's, it's basically a microcosm for the world right now.


Yeah. Like if you live on an extreme where you're like, Justin Herbert's actually the best quarterback in the NFL, it's like, dude, no. And then if you say that you'd rather have anyone else besides Justin Herbert, you're like, all right, you're an idiot. Because Justin Herbert's good. Yeah. He's, he's, it's, it's everything in the world right now. He's very good. Yeah. Yeah. I I wouldn't say great just yet. And with CJ Stroud maybe, maybe his rookie season kind of fast forward through everything. Because usually when you get a, a rookie quarterback who's good, he goes into like a game manager phase. Yeah. And he just doesn't turn the ball. Just take care of the ball. You don't have to make these incredible throws down field. Just be safe and let's move the ball on offense, rely on our defense. But we didn't get that his, his rookie year. It was like, CJ's gonna go out there and he is gonna be special and they're gonna figure out a way to win.


And now watching how they played against the Chargers, that is a formula for these Texans Yeah. Is to play great defense and then just be very, very almost conservative on offense. Yeah. Because I mean, it, he, he started the game bad and he like, you can't turn the ball over. And he did. He had that one interception early. But again, it was the, the Texans defense allowing CJ Stroud to find his rhythm where he eventually did find his rhythm. And he actually did a really good job running the ball too. Yeah. There was a few times where he made some big plays with his feet and Yeah. I, Tex I don't want, do I See this is what we always do though with Wild Card Weekend is I always sell myself on the team. I just watched win a playoff game.


'cause I'm like, well dude, they just won a playoff game. That's really fucking good. That's hard to do. But they're also, and they're like, the Chiefs haven't done anything in these playoffs. That's True. They haven't Score points. So I'm like, damn, that looks good. The Texans next week. No interceptions. They're proven. Yeah. No points. So if you were to have the, the Texans playing against the Bills or the Ravens, what would your thought be about that game? Texans playing. Yeah. I'd be like, they get killed. Yeah. The Chiefs are, remember the Chiefs are just as good if not better. Probably Better. Yes. They are Better than the statistically, Statistically More games they deserve to buy the bills or the Ravens. So just remember that. I'm Happy that they've only, they, we only have one buy now because this used to be my biggest problem when we had two buys.


Yeah. And I would do that for two games. I'd be like, well this la this team just won a playoff game. But I, I just, I I really did walk away from this game being like, I, I apologize for sleeping on how good this Texas defense is. And if CJ Stroud again can have time to like get in a rhythm in the game and, and not have to do it all himself. 'cause that, that game could have been 14, nothing in a, in a fucking blink of an eye if that Texans defense doesn't stand up. And, and it could have been 14 nothing with the Chargers having the ball off of CJ Stroud pick. And it would've been like, well this is, there's just no chance they're coming back. They're in obvious passing out. Instead they flipped it. And then Joe Mixon, who they brought in for these type of situations was incredible in the second he had 91 yards in the second, second half.


He was the closer. Yeah. They basically like that, that end of the game when what the Texans Oh, it was the, the the blocked extra point where Dicker got absolutely smoked. Yeah. But that was the moment where you're like, okay, this is when they're lining up for that extra point. It could have been a 10 point game in the fourth quarter and they blocked the extra point. They go, they get the two point, but then the Texans are like, no, we'll just run Joe Mixon down your throat and you won't get the ball back. Yeah. That's the game manager formula. Yeah. Strong running game. Good defense. Don't make a mistake. The block, the blocked extra point that was returned. You have to, at some point, the special teams coach needs to go over that scenario with the kicker. Right. Like, if the kick is blocked behind the line of scrimmage and it comes to you, it's not, you didn't just throw a forward pass.


You're not like Peyton Manning who's disgusted and just does the most unathletic bat down of all time. You gotta, you gotta catch that thing. Well it was doubly bad for Dicker because I think he was, I think part of him batting it down was like, I don't want to get jacked up. Yeah. And he batted it down and still got jacked up. Yeah. He, he took a shot to the chin. Just catch it and just get jacked Up right in the chin. Or you gonna say Hank the Nickelodeon broadcast? Oh yeah. Yeah. I was gonna get to that. I wrote that. I have, I have a fun stat for Texans fans since 2002 when the Texans were founded as a, as a franchise. They have more playoff wins than the Dallas Cowboys. That is very fun. They Have six and the Dallas Cowboys have four.


That's very fun stuff. That's got a really piss off Jerry Jones. The Texans are six and two in the Houston Texans time slot. Yeah. I Was rock at that. People were mad at me. What do you mean? I said That they always lose, They always No, they do. And they're actually in the time slot again next week. They are. Yeah. Against the Chiefs As his tradition. The, the also Joe Mixon, one last thing about Joe Mixon, the Yeah. He, he was smoking on that Rex Ryan pack after the game in the locker room. Which is very funny because he, I guess Rex Ryan said that it was basically a buy for the Chargers. Yeah. So he was having fun with that Rex Ryan, He's giving bulletin board material to teams. He's not a coach. Can I just say that Rex Ryan, like, just chill out, dude. He, the, the way he's like, every, everything he's doing now is coming across as desperate like memes.


Do you not agree? He on countdown this morning, I tuned in for a minute and they were talking about the Vrabel hire and he is like, hopefully I get a chance to kick his ass twice a twice a year. Like he's just begging for the job. Yeah. And I, I think there's like 0% chance against. Yeah. So it's even more pathetic. This Is like crazy ex This is crazy Rex's girlfriend. Yeah. He's being very, very emotional. And it's like, okay Rex, you're, you're coming on a little bit too strong buddy. Yeah. Just chill out. Just, just calm down a little bit. Let the process happen. He needs to go go coach high school or something. Well, it's just a very evolve, it's a very funny like thought to have where I don't know what, I dunno what he's thinking. Like, hey, if I say, if I say these things on Countdown, maybe Brick Johnson is watching and he's like, oh shit, we didn't think about Rex, Rex Ryan.


He might actually be thinking if I, I go viral enough, brick will see this. Yeah. Yeah. Like if enough people tweet about Rex Ryan being the Jets head coach maybe and He might not be wrong. I guess that, I mean, Providence Twitter did tweet enough about Ed Cooley leaving Georgetown that he had to answer questions about it. So that is could happen. But yeah, the Nickelodeon broadcast, I Was before that also. I was gonna say Joe Mixon said this team reminds him of the Bengals team. Oh. A few Years ago. I think it was same record. Same. Oh, same spot. Young quarterback Beat the Chiefs. Interesting. Yeah. Okay. I I think the texts would be live in the game. I still think the Chiefs are a more well balanced team. I would agree with that.


And also you're giving Andy Reed, I mean, what, 25 days to prepare? Yep. I guess it's only a week to, you know, he, he, he did some scouting on both teams, but I'm sure they'll have a, a way to figure out this Texans defense. Now, Does this continue the stat that we brought up earlier this season, that every team that has played, both the Harbaugh brothers went one and one against the Harbaugh Brothers because they Got beat and Texans did. Yeah. They Got beat by the, by the Ravens. Yeah. And then won against the Chargers. I think that's every, every coach that has played against each Harbaugh brother. Yeah. Although I guess technically Antonio Pierce went one in two against the Harbaugh Brothers. That's true.


Because He lost to both Jim. But I Yeah, that still counts. Yeah. They, they got a win in a loss. A minimum one in one. A Minimum. Yeah. One in one minimum. Yeah. One in one minimum. I like that. Yeah. Yeah. The Nickelodeon broadcast, we had no idea that we were gonna make it. We made it big, big Catfish and pf Manatee. It was literally the Leo meme. We were sitting in the ga gambling cave And we had the Nickelodeon Nickelodeon broadcast up And we were just like, wait, what the fuck? Yeah. That's Us. It, it happens from time to time when they're doing the Gametime commercial. Yeah. Where I'll like hear my voice from the other side of the room, be like, what, what was that? But this one, we had absolutely no idea what was gonna happen. We look up at it and then next up is LeBron James.


And who? Kevin was it? Kev Finn. Kev Finn Hart. Kev Finn Hart. Yeah. We, We were bigger than them. And then whoever Ice Spice was, That Was, she was next. That Was pretty cool. Yeah. I, I mean I, I had my kids watch it. They were, they didn't fully understand it, but they were like, that's kind of cool. I was like, that's me. They're like, well that's a fish. I'm like, well, no, but that's me. But yeah. Thank you Nickelodeon. Yeah. That was very, and then they used our, they used our, the, the SpongeBob quote from our interview with Jim Harbaugh in 2018. Yeah. As like, here's some, yeah. Wait, can you play it? This is, I think it was Adam Scheffer's daughter introduced us. Yep.


Out some pretty big celebrities. Check it out. Sports podcasters, big Catfish and pf Manatee in the house. LeBron James is back and this time he brought his friend Finn Heart and Ice Fish Spice is here. Ice Fish Spice. If, if they introduce us, his podcasters, shouldn't we have been whales? I look tired as Big catfish, but Yeah. Yeah. They give you butthole eyes. Yeah. I'm not looking good. It was also funny that they made PFTA manatee, but also still way smaller Than also smaller. Yeah. Catfish. Yeah. That was tough. Oh, and then we also had our guy, Jim Harbaugh get captured by the stinky cloud.


And then that was 32 to six was the score after Jim Harbaugh got captured by the Stinky cloud. Is that a real stat? That's A real stat. Is he still in the cloud? He might be. It's a dirty bubble. Oh, dirty bubble. Dirty bubble. Sorry. Sorry. What's The dirty bubble? SpongeBob. The SpongeBob fans will get mad At you. Yeah. Well, sticky cloud's the act thing that I got screwed up in my head. Dirty bubble. The dirty bubble captured Jim Harbaugh. What is the dirty bubble? Does anyone have an explanation? He's just a bubble That's dirty and he's evil. Okay, got it. Okay. So It's pretty literal. That's okay. That seems like it's not fair that they had that they captured him in that. I agree. I said It like you said, only taking out one coach. I said it when, when, when it came up on the screen, they, it showed him with like dirty shit all over him.


That's fucked up. Yeah. You can't do that to one coach. Did Harbo win the M-V-P-M-V-P? No, They gave it to the winner, the winning team. Wow. We did stuff the ballot. So this year the, they had a little disclaimer on the votes for MVP saying for entertainment purposes only. Look at that as opposed to other years where it's definitely not supposed to be entertaining, but they made it seem like they would just give to whoever they wanted. I would like to think that if the Chargers won, Harbaugh would've gotten the MVP. I would. I would agree. I think we did enough voting, but yeah. The dirty bubble that's, we're gonna have to bring that up to him next time. Yeah. Because he'll be like, wait, seriously, I don't like that. He'll, he'll, he'll be upset about it. Yeah. Look at that. The dirty bubble captured him. You can't do that SpongeBob rigged during a playoff game.


I do love the Nickelodeon broadcast Though. It was cool having it up there. It really went all out with the slime this year. Do you guys have any problem with DJ Shark tweeting a picture of him being like, now that long, three and a half months back to weed. Oh no, I didn't see that. Yeah, It was, it was just, he was just holding a, a, a dog walker. Little, little tiny joint and he was like, nice. I have a problem with it. I don't think it's cool. What do you mean? Like it's, if you're really a big fan of weed, you, you probably wouldn't like post a picture of that. He's probably just being like, Hey guys, I smoke weed. Yeah. Like trying to make it seem like he's a cool guy who smokes, but Maybe he like real, Real leafhead know.


Yeah. That if you really felt that way, you wouldn't need to post about it. You would just go spark up a dude. So he might be being like, I'm, I'm so he, he captured it. Shout out my word. I can't say Bud been along three and a half months. So maybe he's just letting everyone know like, you can smoke me out again. Yeah. Like I'm back. Yeah. Like I'm free to join the circle. Yeah. I got no problem With it. No. Like from a standpoint of admitting that you smoke weed. I would never do such a thing. 'cause I'm not a drug guy. But for him, no problem with being like, I can't wait to smoke weed again. I just question posting it on social media. Like Yeah. Why, why? He, He, he is kind of admitting too that he hadn't been smoking for three and a half months.


So that's kind of cool. There You go. Good for him. Good job. Good job. DJ Shark. So I mean, the charger season overall success, even though, by the way, what do we think Justin Herbert's pregame speech was? It must've been terrible, right? No cameras. We'll never know. No Cameras. Ben Herbert, who is by far the best person to keep cameras away, the report was that Justin Herbert has had his pregame speech taped the last like three weeks or something. And then this week for the playoff game, he had Ben Herbert make sure there were no cameras near him that had to be a stinky, stinky, maybe it was the, the dirty cloud. It Was a dirty cloud just came out of his mouth. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what he said to him.


I, I like the move though. Just being like, no cameras, please. Yeah. The, I did see a funny meme that said that the, the draft What, what draft was Herbert? 20 20, 20 19. 2020. They called it the if draft because it's like, if Tua could stay healthy, if Justin Herbert had weapons and like, if the Bengals could make it into the playoffs. Yeah. So it's all the, if guys just hypotheticals everywhere. Yeah. I I can see that. I I still think that the Chargers, they're on the upswing. Yeah, they're on the downswing Last year. It, It's, we're gonna get to the Broncos, but like there were certain teams going into this. I think the, the, the thing that hurts more for the Chargers is they were favored in this game.


And, and I thought they were gonna win. I think a lot of people thought they were gonna win. So that hurts a little bit more that you went into a game that you thought was winnable and you just completely fell on your face. But you need, you need some weapons. Quentin Johnson had zero catches. Right. They'll get some weapons. I don't think he had a catch. Yeah. So They, and no, Josh Palmer was was a big one for him too. Yeah. Like, 'cause he does stretch the field a little bit. They also didn't count on Arian Foster. Yeah. Arian with a great, I I hope they taped his pregame speech. Was scared of the cannons. Yeah. Did you see that cut? Yeah, I saw that. That's very funny. I saw that those cannons are fucking, like, they will scare you. They, the, i I don't know if it was like the, was it just the air cannons before? Yeah.


I think it's just intros, gunpowder. Yeah. If you can handle Big T on a weekly basis, you should be able to handle cannons. I'd agree. I'd agree. So do we think that the Texas, you, you think the Texans really have a chance? I do. You love the Texans? Yeah. I'm gonna take a money line, But just don't trick yourself into they want a playoff game. That's what you're saying to yourself. And the Bengals thing. The Bengals thing got in your head. Joe Mixon young quarterback wild card team. Hmm. I just hate the Chiefs too. I I don't want the Chiefs, I any other team, but the Chiefs in the Super Bowl I'm fine with. And literally any other team And your, your hatred, it Does not matter who Your hatred of the chiefs comes from a place of being a Patriots fan where you, you want to keep them as far away from the dynasty that you had as possible.


Yeah. And I just don't, it's not, there's not Yeah. That actually, that's Exactly, yeah. Let's, that's all you could say. Yeah. I want something new. But that's what it's, yeah. Yeah. I have one last sad charger stat from Stat Hole in the final 31 minutes of their last two play playoff games. So like the final 31 minutes of their last playoff game, final 31 minutes of Saturday they've been outscored 63 to nine. Yeah. That's tough. That's really bad. That's really, really bad. That's not good. That's when you're supposed to win the playoff games. That's Charger Half. That's what that is. Yeah. It's, it's just, they were, they were just overwhelmed by the Texans defense. And so Hank, I don't The Chiefs are really good.


Are they? Yeah. Yes. They won 15 games, But it could have been 10, But it also could have been 16 if they had played their starters Rest versus Rust. Okay. Rest Versus Rust. Okay. I I don't have any counter to that. I do like that there's somebody that's brave enough to go out there and be like, the Chiefs aren't very good. I appreciate that about you. Hank the Chiefs could lose this game. They're not as good. I agree with that. They're not as good as their record says they are, But they could be better. But The record, the record is exactly what says how good they are. Yeah. Are you saying they're not as good as their record says they're, they they actually should be better. No, I'm saying like, you know, if you, if you stacked 'em up against the other teams that had similar records of over the course of history, like they would be the worst one.


Hmm. But you also have to remember that that week 18 game was Carson win. So they gave That's what I'm saying. So they gave that one up. It could be 16. Yeah. Could be 16 in one. Yeah. But they, they get the extra game, so it doesn't really matter. Okay. In terms of 1515 wins, they Went 15 in one In your head. Yeah. In your record, right? Yeah. Okay. There's Like a curse of 15 win teams. Well it was, it goes all the way back to the, the 1985 Bears, like the 85 Bears were the last team, I think to win 15 games to win The Super Bowl and the win the Super Bowl. Yeah. 'cause it was what, the 99 Vikings? That sounds right. Yeah. The, When they lost the NFC championship game And I mean exactly. 15 wins. I think there was a year where there might've been No, this year there were Two teams This year.


This year there might've been another one. Yeah. There hasn't been a ton. Let's see. 15 win teams NFL history. I know the Vikings, the Steelers. Steelers lost big Ben's rookie season if I, if I'm correct. Correct. 2000. Yes. So 1998 Vikings lost in the NFC championship game. Yep. 2004 Steelers lost in the A FC championship. 2011 Packers lost in the NFC divisional. 2000 giants 15 Panthers lost the Super Bowl. Okay. So it has been 15 win teams are bad. It's been 40 years. 15 win teams are bad. Yep. Okay. Alright. May maybe I'm with you now. Hank, you've, you've swung me. That was some deep analytics.


You've got me. That's right. That's right. Yeah. That's right. Really good. Teams are sometimes, sometimes don't win the Super Bowl. Happens almost every year. Could have shortened it to that. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Saturday night Ravens 28. Steelers 14. This was just an ass kicking. This was an absolute ass kicking. This was a Lamar Masterclass. This was a Derrick Henry Masterclass. The Ravens said fuck you to the Steelers. They did fuck you football for four quarters. I know that the, the Steelers did score twice, but they had 299 rushing yards and it, the, the first half the game was over.


It was, it, it felt over after the Steelers punted on their first possession and the Ravens got it on, I think the five yard line and went 13 plays, 95 yards. And in a touchdown that was like, oh no, this is a problem. But it was really over on. The next time the Ravens scored a touchdown, when they went 13 plays, 85 yards, every single one of those plays was a run, scored a touchdown. And then they scored at the end of the first half and it was just like, this is, this is as bad as it gets. The Ravens are just, they're just so fucking good. Yeah. And, and Lamar's so good that, that Lamar touchdown at the end of the first half where he just bought himself like 18 seconds of time and found Justice Hill.


Yeah. All cool, cool. Calm and collected back there as everybody was trying to like I don't TJ Watt, he hasn't been playing that well in the last like two months. And if you're gonna beat the Ravens, you have to have TJ do, he has to have like two takeaways on his own. Yeah. He has to have a punch and then he is gotta get a strip sack that he recovers. And TJ has, I think in the last month he hasn't, he might not have had a tackle. I think I saw the stat. It was like 127 snaps. No tackles, no pressures. Here we go. Tackles last 127 snaps of his 2024 season. Zero tackle, zero assist, zero sacks. And what they had him doing on defense was whenever they would run the re option, he would always tackle the ball carrier crash.


Yeah. Or running the running back. Yeah. And that was his job. And they left these huge gaps to the side, which somebody should fill if you're drawing up this defense. But there were some times where they just didn't fill that gap. And so Lamar just kept it and Waltzed. Yeah. And it, it was like nobody within five yards of him for most of his run until the very end. And it was, it was a very confusing defensive scheme. Derrick Henry's Lightning McQueen. That's what Lamar said afterwards. Oh, I like that. Yeah. He Was like, yeah, he looked like Lightning McQueen when he had that 50 yard touchdown. Right. I'm telling you Derrick Henry with the short hair, that is championship mentality to take a a a like growth of braids that you've been working on for how long? 10 years. Yeah. It'd be like, you know what, fuck it.


Chop it off. Yeah. I feel like that that's a good mindset to have. Yeah. And the, I mean the Ravens are just like a complete team. Full, full. Like everything. They're, you know, their defense. We talked about it with Orlovsky on Friday that, you know, their, their past defense has been completely changed when Kyle Hamilton moved back. And their offense is just, I mean, za Flowers didn't play in this game. They didn't need him. Lamar was, was still perfect. And he, he killed him with his legs early killed. Like, whenever he had to pass, he would find someone. It was just, it was just a a, a good reminder that in the a FC, like there are the haves and the have nots in this, in these playoffs. And like the, the Ravens are the haves.


Like th this team is a Super Bowl championship level team. And they do have to play possibly two other teams that are in that level, which is unfortunate, but like they're just so good and so complete Them. And the bills would have to beat three Super Bowl championship teams. Yeah. In the Super Bowl this year. Yeah. It would be like the hardest Super Bowl road ever for even One of those teams. Well, unless the Texans, but then the Texans would technically be a Super Bowl level team if they beat the Chiefs. Yeah. 'cause they beat the Chiefs. But yeah, I, if that happens then we will go back and retroactively act like we said would Hank was saying all along. Yes. And the Chiefs were the worst 15 win team of all time. Lamar also has the most career rushing yards in the playoffs by a qb. And he's only played I think seven playoff games.


That's just, that's pretty crazy. That's how good he is with his feet. And a again, it's not like he was, he he was killing him with his feet. He was also killing him with his arm. He was just playing a complete game. You have to say, if you look at the Ravens, they are as close to a complete team as you can get. With the exception, maybe they're kicking game. Yeah. Would You say that they're so good. Didn't Have to kick. They're so good right now that Justin Tucker might be their biggest weakness. Yeah. And they didn't have to kick. That's a good spot to be in. Yeah. So we should talk about the Steelers. Mike Tomlin, the Steelers. The Steelers are now eight year playoff drought. Playoff wind drought. Sorry. That is the longest, that's actually double the previous longest in Steelers history since they kind of became the Steelers in 1972 when they were, you know, starting to win Super Bowls and stuff.


The longest they had gone without a a playoff win was four years previously. They are, Mike Tomlin is now. So he started his first four years in Pittsburgh. He was five and two in the playoffs. He's three and nine since, and in the, the eight year drought, he's oh and six in the playoffs and they've given up 230 points. So Mike Tomlin bad. I he's a great coach. I do think that it probably is time to move on to something different. You think move on from Mike Tomlin. They're the Steelers aren't gonna do it though. Okay. So I've thought about this and I, I, I, I went, I was reading articles and stuff last night 'cause I couldn't sleep.


And I was just like, 'cause I, I wanna understand because it, from the outside we've had this conversation. The outside the low of the Steeler season is getting to the playoffs, which almost every other fan base or a lot of fan base would be like, fuck, sign me up. Like, Mike Tomlin never had a losing season. That's what people say. There is a point though, where it feels like the message is getting lost and there isn't growth. And you can point to the fact that they haven't had an answer at quarterback probably since, you know, the last three years of Ben Kenny Russ, like they haven't had a a, a great quarterback. So they haven't been playing at the offensive level. You need to play it to win playoff games. And I'd agree with that.


But also they invest everything in their defense. And here's the six game losing streak for the Steelers. You ready for this? This is a crazy stat. Before the Steelers scored their first offensive touchdown in these six games that Mike Talman has lost in a row, the Patriots were up 10, nothing. The Jaguars were up 21. Nothing. The Browns were up 28, nothing. The chiefs were up 35 7, shout out your TJ Wat bet the bills were up 21. Nothing. The, the Ravens were up 21. Nothing. So as much as you wanna say offense, their defense has also failed them in the playoffs. And their defense has every single, every single year basically like regressed as the season's gone along.


And I don't like, I I I think I side with the Steelers fans, like he's done a great job. You're not saying he's a bad coach, but sometimes the message gets lost and you have to change something. You have to shake something up because it's actually almost like a curse to have Mike Tomlin as your coach still, because you're never bad enough to pick at the top of the draft to get a franchise quarterback. Yeah. And then you invest in defense and you can't really win. Like you can't win in today's NFL without an offense. I think that also their, their defense, by the time they get to the playoffs with these like just crazy boring, substandard offenses. Yeah. By the time they get there, their defense is sick of having to carry the team. Their defense is exhausted from somehow scrapping together a playoff team.


Yeah. By getting enough wins to get in that by the time you get there and you have to play against another really good team, then they're, they're just too gassed. They're too tired from having to do it week in and week out. And you can't, so the, the other part about Mike Tomlin is you can't say, well, oh, the offense stinks because we don't have a quarterback, we don't have this, we don't have that. Mike Tomlin has ultimate power in Pittsburgh. He signs off on every single draft pick. He signs off on every coaching hire. The other thing I found the rabbit hole, I, I didn't realize this was an argument that goes in Steelers community, which I kind of feel like is a fair argument. Mike Tomlin basically has no coaching tree.


And you'd say, well what the fuck does that matter? That like, who cares about a coaching tree? But it does kind of say that he's hiring older coaches that maybe aren't, like he's not, he, he hasn't been cultivating like young, innovative guys that are doing things differently like a Ben Johnson or you know, like a Sean mc or Mike McDaniel or like some of these guys, Kyle Shanahan's, coach Dre, like some of these guys who are, who are just spitting out young innovators of the game. Mike Tomlin has not done that essentially for his entire, like I looked at it, Bruce Arians is kind of the only one you could throw out there. And he already was on staff under Bill Cower. So it's like, I think there's a, like his way is an old school way that I think might be outdated and is hurting the Steelers and they have to figure out a way to move on from him.


He does love old guys. He loves old guys. He Like Dick Lebo was his, his defensive coordinator for it felt like decades. Right. So that's part of the, the like he hasn't, But he also goes out and he gets old. He Right. He imports old guys. So like Danny Smith, there's special teams coach that's always chewing on gum on the sidelines. Brought him in Todd Haley after he got fired by the chiefs. Arthur Smith. Yeah. Like He, great, great coach, great coach, but like he, he, he gets guys and they, it's not like Todd Haley didn't go and, and he didn't go to Pittsburgh and then go off and be like in Incre. I think he's coaching high school football now. I know he went to Cleveland for a stop Mac Canada. Like where is, where is he? I don't even know. Some different country. Yeah. I don't know. So I I I hon it's a hard, it's like a hard one to, to figure out because again, you don't wanna, Mike Tom will get a job right away somewhere else.


You Know, you know what really happened though, if you look at the stats, the defense has been very, very good for the Steelers in the playoffs until a certain event happened. And then their playoff defense was permanently broken. What was that? That event was the 2017 playoffs. Yeah. Blake bor was hung 45 on 'em. Yeah. They lost 45, 42, which It wasn't that close. Close. That was a lot of garbage time. It was a lot of, a lot of, yeah, it was a backdoor 42. Yep. Is what they got. So they gave up 45 points in the previous playoff. They gave up 12 points, 16 points. And then the New England Patriots in 2016 put 36 on 'em. That's, that's forgivable. Yeah. But their defense was still, still legit at that point.


Then 45 points. Then in 2020 they gave up 48, then 42, then 31, and now 28. This was actually the, the least amount of points that the Steelers have given up in a playoff game since 2017. Excuse me, 2016. Yeah. Their last playoff win. Yeah. Yeah. They, yeah. Blake Port's broke 'em, Blake Port's Broke 'em. I just, I I, I, I, again, I don't know why I thought about it for so long last night, but it, it, there, you, you see this sometimes where a coach will get fired and it's not because he's like bad. It's because the message and like you're kind of going in the same direction over and over, you know what I mean?


Like, you're not, you're just not progressing forward and you're kind of stuck in this rut. And that's what the Steelers feel like right now. It's not saying, oh well Mike Thomas never had a losing season and if he got fired tomorrow, he would have a job the next day. I, I don't disagree with either of those statements, but it's just not working anymore. And what are the, what's the fix? Like, are they gonna resign Russ? I don't think so. I don't know. He did not look Good. He did not. No. He had that nice deep ball to Georgie. Besides that, not a lot Justin Fields. I don't think he's the long-term answer either. Right. We can do Aaron Rogers, which is another one year fix. So like bandaid, Coach Gruden was saying he would take Daniel Jones.


Daniel Jones, Daniel Jones would be intriguing just because his point was like, if you look at all the other players that the Giants have gotten rid of or not brought back, they all go somewhere else and play very well. Yeah. And he Spent so much time in such a great Room. Yeah. Yeah. He's in a great room with Kevin O'Connell. We haven't Talked about that room. Yeah. So over The year, would you, would you, what would you, and and obviously Mike, Tom's not gonna get fired and he also is not gonna get traded because he has a no trade clause. Yeah. So if, if he, if he wanted to get, like, he would never allow himself to get traded because he could just be like, why would I go somewhere and give up draft capital? Why wouldn't I just quit and then just go pick my next job? Okay. So I think I have an idea for what they could do.


How much does it cost to trade for the franchise tag? Is it two first rounders? I believe so. That's almost the perfect situation if you're the Steelers, because you're always picking in the mid to late teens. Right? So you're never gonna be in a position where you can draft a quarterback with Mike Tomlin. Right. Where, you know, a lot of teams, if they are in the midst of what they feel like is a rut, they're usually one of the worst teams in the league. So that's not an option for the Steelers. Two, like 18 overall picks or 17 overall picks for Sam Darn. I think I might do that if the Vikings tag them. Oh, yeah. But then, and Sam Donald's not with Kevin O'Connell anymore.


Do you, do you have a better idea? I Don't, I don't, I just, I don't, The best one I can come up with is if he gets tagged trade for Sam Donald, I think Arthur Smith can get something good outta Sam. I, I, I do too. I, I honestly think they'll to fix and, and Mike Tobin's coming back. So this is all kind of, we're just, it's gonna be a hot topic, but I think Shefter even reported like, his job's not in jeopardy. Like the Steelers should figure out a way to move on and suck for a year or two. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like they're ki they're in this no man's land where they're just good enough to make the playoffs and they're not gonna get a, a franchise quarterback and they're just gonna keep spinning the wheels right now. Like they, they weren't close in this game. No.


And like that was, and you could make the case for the Chargers or the Broncos, like they have young quarterbacks, they're building something. They're on the ascent here. Like they're gonna maybe hopefully get to that top level of the A FC. The Steelers are not on the ascent. They're in the same spot they've been every year. Well, you say they don't show any signs of growth. George Pickens would disagree with you. Yeah. He said he's seen signs of growth from the offense, and then the reporter asked him, does that make you optimistic going forward? And he said, nah. Nah, That's good. It's good to acknowledge that growth is not always good. Yeah. Sometimes it's okay to not grow. Yeah. Also, I saw Stat Steeler's last lead was December 8th, so last five games, they didn't have a single lead in a game over A month.


Yeah. Five games played not a single lead. Yeah. That's hard. I just don't, I Do you think Russ is where, what, like what's gonna happen to Russ? He's probably gonna show up to the facility and give everybody a pep talk. Yeah. That was funny last night when he was, he was doing a pep talk and, and Jerry was just like, yeah, that guy doesn't even play. Yeah. But I, I, he's, he's done right? I think so. I I don't know why you would pay Russ Wilson. What Russell Wilson thinks he should be paid. Right. Maybe you pay him and you're like, maybe you pay him $1 million and you're like, for every pass you complete over the middle of the field, we'll give you another million dollars. Yeah. It's like, so you could earn up to $5 million this Year.


Yeah. Incentives for just not, not talking to people at practice. Yeah. I, there you gotta get creative. There's no good solution for 'em. And again, it feels kind of weird to feel bad for a franchise or feel bad for fans of a franchise that are perennially in the playoffs that Have six Super Bowls. It's six Super Bowls. But I, I understand the frustration. Right. I get it. I I totally get it. You are just stuck in absolute purgatory, which is kind of hard to do in the NFL, like that. It happens in the NBA, it can happen in other sports. It's hard, like in the NFL, you're kind of either good or bad, they're just right in the middle. And also Steelers fans kind of saw this coming in late September. Oh yeah. Like, you knew exactly how the rest of the season was gonna play out.


Yeah. Yeah. And, and it's, and it had just enough intrigue this year where you had like a foreign two starter and Justin Fields, you'd be like, what is he doing? And then you ripped off all those wins and then you didn't, you haven't led since December 8th. We did give a lot of credit to Mike Tomlin for making that change. Yeah. Which took some balls. He's a very good coach. Yeah. I just don't think that it's working anymore in Pittsburgh. Yeah. And, and Pittsburgh doesn't fire coaches and I think he just signed an extension last year, so they're not gonna fire him. But Yeah, I, I, I, I thought about it a lot because I feel like Steelers fans, this is going to be the talk in Pittsburgh. So I wanted to give at least a little hat tip to like, discussing what everyone's gonna be talking about in Pittsburgh. But Yeah, the Ravens are just, they're on a different level. Yeah. Raven, they play that game a hundred times.


Ravens win a hundred times. Ra Ravens aren't insane. They can do anything they want on offense. Yeah. Even without safe flowers. Yeah. And I'm so excited for that matchup next Week that I, I'm very excited too, but I've never been more confused about a game, like how it's gonna shake out. I have no idea. Yeah. We were talking about just not even betting the game, just rooting for football. Yeah. Just enjoying it. It's gonna Be enjoyable. I think I'll probably end up betting for touchdown scores on each team. Yeah. Just having fun. Having a good time. Yeah. Watching the game. I'm Gonna bet on the boys. Yeah. Also, the Ravens only had three penalties, which that's significant because it looks like they can, they can play button up. Is Za Flowers gonna come back for this game? I don't know. I I read a report last week saying that if he doesn't play this game, he should be back in time for the next round.


But I don't know. Okay. I don't think they, I don't think they really know either. Okay. Alright. Let's take a how Pump tota right now. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, this is the ra the Ravens like this, this is gonna be the Bills, chiefs and Ravens. All three of those teams have Super Bowl contending teams and only one of 'em is gonna make it out. Whoever wins that game has to beat the Texans. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Well, they'll or chiefs, somehow they'll have the whole play. Somehow. Somehow, somehow, somehow the Chiefs can win that. If the chief can pull an upset on the Texans, then I guess you have to beat the Chiefs. Yeah. But they have to. They have to. They have to. Okay. Let's take a break and then we'll get to Sunday's game.


Okay.


Before we get to Sunday's, games was brought to you by our friends at Apple. The Mind Bending Office, thriller severance returns to Apple TV Plus for a new season on January 17th, created by Ben Stiller and Dan Erickson. The All Star Cast is back with some exciting new editions. Severance focuses on the employees of Lumen Industries, which uses a procedure called Severance Surgically dividing their memories between their work and personal lives. Coming off the explosive season one finale Mark played by Adam Scott, dives deeper into the mysteries of what Lumen is up to. Do they know what really happened to his wife? Gemma? The new season of the Hit show promises to be bigger and crazier with even more exciting twists than the first stream. The new season of Severance January 17th exclusively on Apple tv Plus


we're also brought to you by a new sponsor. Very excited about this one. Doritos. After announcing the return of the legendary crash to Super Bowl contest, Doritos has unveiled his top 25 semi-finalists, AKA, the boldest creators who are now a step closer to the chance of seeing their ad air during the Super Bowl and winning $1 million during its 10 year run. From 2006 to 2016, fans who entered the Doritos crash, the Super Bowl campaign, created some of the most memorable and talked about Super Bowl ads of all time after receiving thousands of submissions, it's now time for the people to sound off. You can view the top Fanm made submission@doritoscrash.com and starting tomorrow, January 14th, vote for who you think has a winning ad. I love Doritos. I've always loved Doritos. They're my favorite snack in the world. I'm so happy that Doritos has come on as a sponsor of this show. So again, you can view the top fan made submissions@doritoscrash.com and starting tomorrow, January 14th, vote for who you think has the winning ad and go eat some Doritos. Cool. Ranch. The Goat Dorito. Go right now. Eat some Doritos and go to doritos crash.com.


Okay. Sunday. Sunday. Sunday. Bill's 31 Broncos seven. Broncos up seven. Nothing in this game. First rookie to rookie touchdown pass in postseason history. Yeah, that was a crazy stat. I I didn't believe it at first. Bo Nicks Troy Franklin. Yeah. Teammates in Oregon. Wild. Wild. Oh, by the way, it was, we didn't mention the Chargers in Texans was a s Kigami. Oh Yeah, that's right. Playoff score games. Sami. How rare. How rare is that? I I usually care a lot about Sami's. That's my bad. That's my bad. Very cool. Bill's 31 Broncos seven. Yeah. The, the Broncos for the first five minutes, you're like, watch out.


And then we were reminded that the bills are the bills and they're just better. And I think we need to start respecting Khalil Shaki a little bit more. Yeah. Because he is, I love him. He is a top tier wide receiver. He doesn't get talked about like he is because his name wasn't Stefan Diggs. Yep. And he didn't have the media attention all around him. But he can play Yeah. Whether he is returning a kick outta the slot on the outside. He's a problem for defenses. Yeah. He's very, very good. And this, this game was like, this Broncos defense played pretty well in the first half 'cause they held them outta the end zone. I mean they, I think they scored one touchdown, but they, they were, they staged like tough in the red zone. And then the second half started and Josh Allen was like, yeah, you know what I'm gonna do?


I'm, we're going to run the ball down your throat. And then if I ever need to make an incredible throw, I'll just do that. I can do it because I've done It. That throw to Ty Johnson was so insane. Yeah. He was just running around scrambling, didn't look like anything was gonna be open. Throws to the back of the end zone. And he catches it with like his knee on the ground. Yeah. Before his feet hit. It was insane. But you expect that type of stuff outta Josh Point, The one to Dalton Kincaid Also going into halftime, the Broncos were kicking a field goal to tie the game. Yeah. That's wild. When you think about the second half and how lopsided it was to think back to that moment. Like if that was it? 38 yarder? Yeah. Something like that. No, It was a little longer than that I believe. Yeah. So that Kick d it, it was def it was a, it was a very makeable kick.


It was. And it was a very loud Don that he let out. Yeah. And if he had made that kick 10 10 into halftime, second half probably turns out the same way, but just kind of weird to think that they played him to, to his a tie at halftime 10. It is a 50 yarder. 10 10. And He's outta bounds on that fourth and one. Like It's a game. It would've been a completely different game, I feel like. But I, so here's 50 Yard is a lot longer. You know what it was? He hit it up so high on the upright. Yeah. That's just kickers man. Here, Here's what I didn't understand about this game. So first of all, the Bill's offensive line is just monsters. 'cause they just ran it down the Bronco's throat. Like ran like over and over James Cook, I think he had 70, 80 yards in the first half.


What I didn't understand about this game is I feel like Sean Peyton started the game the correct way. Being like, Hey, we're over a touchdown underdogs in Buffalo B. Like Josh Allen, if he's, if he's on, he's gonna score. They're gonna score every single time. We gotta steal possessions, we gotta play aggressive. And like you saw it with the, you know, the bow Nicks touchdown deep shot. You saw it with the fake punt, which was a great call. Perfect call. And then the second half started and the Bills scored a touchdown, I believe to start the second half. And then the Broncos went run, run past Punt. And then the bill scored another touchdown. And they went run, run past punt. Like they just got, I I, they kind of got a little conservative.


They didn't let Bo Nicks just rip it. It was a little Kirk Signi like, wasn't it? Yeah. It was just, it was weird. I thought that, I thought they were going to really embrace the role of underdog and be like, we have to do some crazy shit to have a chance in this game. 'cause you know, like the Broncos are not as good as the Bills. If you play 'em straight up, the bills will win. I thought Sean Pate was doing that in the second half. I felt like he just abandoned That. Yeah. They only had two sacks for the Broncos. If they were gonna have a chance at this game, they were gonna have to take Josh down way more than that. And yeah. The offensive line for the bills. At one point, our friend Rudy, who is, I don't know if he, is he a Denver native? Yeah, he is Colorado. Yeah, he is as Colorado as it gets.


He was just like national champion. Yeah. He was like, the Bills are, their offensive line is just so heavy. Yeah. And he was right. They just, they were maing him. They just leaned on him. Dawkins was just bowling people over. At one point, Dawkins like picked up James Cook and dragged him for a first down on his own. I Think he also like put one of the defenders, the, the Broncos defenders out for the game. But just like hitting him hard Enough. Yeah. Hit him hard in the shoulder. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Knocked him out. Looked Like he separated his shoulder. The bills also looked like a very complete team. Yes, Very much so. I mean their, their defense still a question mark, but they, they answered the question mark at least against the Broncos. And they finally threw the ball down field to Curtis. Samuel. Yeah. Curtis, Samuel had a 55 yard touchdown. Yeah. Yeah. They did it all.


They they, they played much like the Ravens. This was like a tuneup game for the Bills verse Ravens. Because it was, even though it felt close in the first half, that second half was just an absolute demolition. And it was, it was never close in the Second half. The, the thing I'll say nice about the Broncos, obviously this is free money. This game was like, oh Yeah, I got some nice things to say About the Broncos. Great season for the Broncos. Yeah. You're very happy if you're a Broncos fan. You probably would've liked to make this more competitive or, or win the game obviously. But you're happy this is a good season for you. I think they have the most dead cap in NFL history. $85 million. So that's Russ Wilson. Yep. That's the contract that you correctly, that's Ruy decided to, to cut your losses and move on from And with Bo Nicks.


With Bo Nicks and Cortland Sutton together. If you're putting together like an NBA jam team where you can only have two guys out there on offense. Yeah. That's, that's one of the better combos in's A fun one. Right. Now's a fun one. 'cause Cortland Sutton is really, really good. And Bo Nicks obviously he's gonna be a great quarterback. Although I did see, I saw something in one of the pre-game shows where they were talking about Sean Peyton's offense and how complicated is it is to learn for a quarterback. And some of his play calls are like, they take seven or eight seconds to say Yeah. Out loud. That's gotta suck if you're a quarterback in that system. Yeah. Like how much time do you have to spend just memora and paying attention. But Bo Nick's a professional. He's got his book back. That's true. He's ready to go. The Yeah. Sean Peyton's halftime speech was, or or halftime interview was where I was like, oh, this game is over.


'cause he came out and was like, we gotta, we gotta control the ball more. We gotta, we gotta just like control the ball. It's like, no, you gotta score points. That's Kind of the vibe of them. It's like, we're gonna try to run the football. Right. That's, we're gonna put forth our, our best foot and try to run the football. But they just weren't able to. Also, the credit to Bills for the report came out before the game that like, they deliberately were putting Von Miller on a snap count in the regular season so they'd be fresh for the playoffs that showed Full Circle. Yeah. That that showed full circle. Yeah. We went to full circle. No, but the Broncos, I like you, obviously you're upset if you're a Broncos fan, but in a weird way, like this loss, it's not a good loss 'cause you lost the playoffs, but you got your asses kicked and it's like you're, you're the second youngest roster in the NFL.


You had $85 million in dead Cap, similar to the Chargers. You did not think you were gonna be a playoff team this year. And the bills, there's levels to this. Like the bills are on a different level as a football team, you're trying to get to that level. You got your rookie quarterback a start in the playoffs. Like everything in in this Bronco season was a win outside of today. But like long term, this was a great, great season that you'll hopefully look back on and be like, that was the start of something special. You have a super, a ton of young guys played all year. You got like the dead cap money's gonna get fixed and you got your quarterback. That's awesome. Great season. Like great great season.


I'd say a is this an a a plus season? I'd say it's a Should we grade seasons? I think it's an a I think it's an a season. I Think it's An a season. I would say an a minus season for the Chargers. I would agree. I would agree. Because you were favorites and you lost that game. Yep. Also, I, I don't wanna be the uniform police, but I hated the Broncos uniforms. Yeah. Go with the classics. Just go like, it drives me insane. The Broncos have some of the nicest uniforms in the entire NFL. Like they, they have uniforms that they can put out there that are like, make you feel nostalgic about life. Yeah. Go with those. Go with the all whites and the blue helmet. Yeah. I don't like the orange pants and the, the orange pants were beneath ridiculous beneath you.


And we say you don't want to be uniform police. Yes you do. Yeah, I do. I wanna be, well I, I saw the uniforms like they Got no chance. I'm like the guy that buys that light at the hardware store and puts in my car so I can pretend I'm a cop. Yeah. I do want to be the uniform police. And I, I I, I've said this before, like when I went on my rant about the Packers, whatever, snow White uniforms, the princess uniforms, I, I hold teams with history to a different standard. So it's almost a compliment. Like I think the Broncos have a incredible franchise history and have incredible uniforms in their bag. I hold you to a different standard. I want you to bring the, to the Playoffs. I want you to bring the best uniform. Yeah. Like if the Jaguars were in the playoffs, don't care.


Wear whatever goofy shit you wanna wear. The Rams and Chargers can wear whatever the fuck they want. Yeah. Because I know that they have like a million different era. Even the Seahawks, like they do weird uniforms. Who cares? Yeah. It's fine. The Broncos. Like that's John Elway. You gotta, there's classic playoff games that you can look up the footage to. That's what I wanna see. When I watched the Broncos in the playoffs, maybe Sean Peyton went with these uniforms 'cause he knew he was gonna lose and he didn't want to add Yeah. He didn't wanna sully the legacy of the great Denver uniforms with a loss. That's a Great point. So Right. So he is protecting the brand. So when the Broncos bring out their classic uniforms, we know that they have a real team. Yes. That's how you know. Yeah. So we, we we always think, oh, I feel like they always win in these uniforms. Well it's because their coach knows that they're better when they wear them.


Yeah. So yeah. Max just pulled up, I think it's the 91 a FC championship game and the Broncos are wearing the all whites with the blue helmets. Those are awesome. I like, I also like these bill's throwbacks with the red, the red helmet. Yeah. Also shout out that one guy in Bill's mafia that was in the end zone sport coat. Big belly hanging over Giant Twisted Tee in his hand in the Buffalo Wing necklace in the top hat. That was just like Bills mafia distilled down to one human being. Yeah. King. King Bills mafia. Hank, what'd you think about this game hit Don? I know you talked yourself into the Broncos. The Broncos like they, like you said, the fake punt worked, but they didn't make anything out of it.


They missed the field. Little tied up at halftime if they, you know, got some points there, tied it up at halftime and then that fourth and one like they got, that was a great play by Josh. But it was, you know, inches away from Oh yeah. Incomplete. Yeah. Like as much as it was a blow. Like the Broncos were also very much they were alive in that game. Yeah. They were just getting run on though. Like, I, I still don't think they would've won, but like I think A couple plays could have made it closer. Yeah, I'd agree with that. I just think the bills are just again on, like, there's three teams in the a ffc. They're on a different level. It's the, the Bills, the Ravens and the Texans. Those three teams, those three teams are just playing at a different level come January. Yep.


Everyone else is just hoping to win a playoff game. I can't wait for the Bill's Ravens game. It's, I'm so, I I I'm so happy it's the last game too. On, on. I feel like that's Sunday or Yeah, the Sunday late spot divisional round is always, I feel like that's always the big, big game. This is when it's like officially, officially playoffs. Like that's a game you'll think about all week. Yeah. Every day this week. Yes. And you Know what I said it when, When is, when is Lion? I mean, when is Bills Ravens starting, Starting when the bills went up 28 7. I was like, this is why we watch sports for the Bills. Ravens. This is why we put in the hours. This is why we lift the weights. This is why you like, are maybe from the outside world looked at as somewhat pathetic. Like the people who were trashing Tate and Titus and saying they weren't men 'cause they were celebrating Ohio State and Jack Sawyer.


Yeah. Instead of, instead of watching sports, you should be out there participating in mutual combat. Yeah. That guy, he doesn't have Bills Ravens in his life. He doesn't. And you know what, this is game sad. Can you read the, this was crazy 'cause like it was just a very, it was a pretty normal like gambling cave clip. I felt It was very funny. Yeah. Let me read it. I I think I bookmarked a couple of them 'cause there was a couple. This is a game that you're gonna have to be prepared for. You're gonna have to be ready as a fan. Even if you don't, if you're not a fan specifically of the Ravens or the Bills, you gotta bring your A game to watch this game. Yeah. Alright. So there was one person who said there was two of them. It Was Tate and Titus after the Jack Sawyer, like fumble recovery touchdown. They were just, you know, celebrating and like dry humping the air.


Yeah, yeah. Scroll up. It's pretty, pretty standard. Yeah. So this person came reaction. I mean these guys are reaction, these guys, I assume these guys are just like Andrew Tate, like adjacent. He said it is utterly embarrassing how men have become bystanders of fake combat instead of active Marshall participants. It is a very funny clip. 'cause Tate is just dry humping a a football. Who is this guy? Arthur Kwan Lee. Yeah. And then there was another guy. Is he Z Rebirth three sixty nine said gayest shit I've ever seen. Whole country is dying and they only feel passion when watching men touch each other. Mm. Very good point. What? Wait, guys can't watch sports anymore. They're not what the fuck?


They're Kind of boys touching each other. Like what the Hell, what, since when was it, when is it wrong to to watch sports with your boys? It's not. And guess what? Those two guys, they think we're losers. You don't have Bill's Ravens to look forward to. And and I'm banning both of those guys from watching Bill's Ravens. And I would also like to know when they thought that the country was great because there's always been sports. Yeah. Bread and circus Always been sports. That's Since the Romans. You know what they did Sports. It's a hell of a circus. Yeah. It's a great circus. I love the circus. And guess what the circus makes us forget all our problems. And this is gonna be, it works. It's gonna be such a circus coming to town this weekend, We literally do bread and circus in this office every single Sunday where they just throw food at us And we watch sports And we forget all the world's problems.


Yeah. Oh wait. And it's the best existence. And I think a lot of people listening right now do the same thing every Sunday. Entertainment and carbs. Yeah. Bad. Oh no. But then you won't be thinking about how bad everything is. Yeah. Yeah. That's the point. That's literally the point. Yeah. How about instead of worrying about whether or not a guy's gonna cross an imaginary line on a field, you focus on real issues like immigration. Yeah. Hey, you guys watched three hours of a football game? Well, I thought long and hard about Ukraine. Yeah. Who, who had a better Sunday? Me. I did. I had a great, I had a great weekend. Yeah. I, I had a lot, a lot better of a Sunday.


Okay. Anything else for, for Bill's? Broncos. Broncos get better uniforms. DeMar should not have celebrated the interception. He knew that he didn't pick it off. I don't know if he did because he looked shocked when they overturned it. Yeah. He had that face where he was like, what? That's true. I I always wonder that when they go to like replay and it's a bang bang play where a guy traps the ball off the ground a little bit in the moment. If you're diving on the, the ground, do you know that you didn't catch It? Yeah. Look at look at his face. He did not. He thought he caught it. Yeah. He also, that's a total non-story. If it's anyone but DeMar. Correct. Like DeMar gets, DeMar gets clowned. Because I got a Question de question for you about DeMar. When did, which is crazy. When did, when did DeMar become like a joke because he died?


I don't Know. Because it was a pretty incredible story. What happened to him. Correct. But it happened in the last like maybe year. No, I Mean people were doing the clone shit like Right away. But that was different. Some people actually thought it was a clone. Yeah. Billy. That was different. That was like, there's fucked up shit. They're not telling us now. It's like people, it feels like there's some people that are actively rooting. They hate DeMar against DeMar. Yeah. Just because he almost died on a football field. Yeah. No, they hate him. Yeah. It's very bizarre. It is very strange. I've noticed the same thing. Do you think it was A fake punt? It might've been the fake punt. That fake punt was, It might've been the fake punt. That Was a funny because it felt like they were doing the fake punt for, to put the spotlight on.


Like, yeah, thank you for coming back tomorrow. And like, not only like take the whole fact that he almost died in a football field. He was a fringe player, special teams player that has worked his way into the starting rotation. Like that should be applauded. And I think his whole mission is to put defibrillators in, in schools. Really Good Mission. Like everywhere pretty. If you have kids, that's pretty good. You should be a pro DeMar guy. Yeah. Were you gonna say something Max? You don't like DeMar? No, I, I just wanted to, to show you. I, I like DeMar. Oh, okay. You like DeMar? I Just wanted to show the ref Josh Allen. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. So did you hear afterwards, so, so there was a red zone trip where the bills, there was definitely a hold that they missed and Josh Allen yelled at the refs.


So there was a clip coming outta the commercial. Where was it? Bill Vidovich went up to Josh Allen went to the sideline to talk to him. And obviously everyone was like, I cannot believe the ref is apologizing to Josh Allen. Josh Allen after the game said that's not what was happening. The ref came up to him to tell him, Hey, stop yelling at us. Like, we'll we, we missed calls if you keep yelling at us. Like it's not gonna fix anything. I think it was the, the mutual hand touching and then the pat on that. Yeah. It was, they they gave each other a side hug. So the conversation was not, Hey, I'm sorry Josh, we'll get you on the next one. It was, Hey Josh, could you stop being an asshole to us?


I guess. So that, that totally changes it. How many Wait, did, did the, imagine if Patrick Mahomes did this, the media would go nuts. Did that become a big thing? Yeah, I think that was driven Yeah. By a lot of, I do like it, it becomes a real rivalry. There we go. When, when the ch the Chiefs and the bills. Imagine the outrage on the Sabbath. They showed a ref touching patch from homes the way they did just now with Josh Allen. That's when you know, and I know the bills haven't beaten the chiefs in the playoffs. So you like rivalry I put in quotes here, but like, chiefs fans hate Bills fans. Yeah. And Bills fans hate chiefs fans because they're gonna use this clip to fight a turf war between Josh Allen and which they should, you know What? This is ammunition for that war.


This is ammunition for the picture of Patrick Mahomes kissing the, the ref on the lips. Which I'm still not sure if that's real or not. No, that's real. I think it looks very real. Yeah. Yeah. So whenever that gets posted now they have instant comeback. Yeah. Yeah. They're like, Look at this and this is realer. Yeah. This Actually happened. Some would say, yeah. Good, good job producing Max. We forgot to mention that. People would've been mad. That was meme. That was memes. Oh, Memes. Memes take a victory lap. What do you wanna say? I would like to thank Myself. Oh wait, wait. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Memes is is one of the turf war guys. You were pissed that the ref was going up to him. Oh, as a jets span. Yeah. Yeah. Now it makes sense.


Yeah. No, no, no, No. Yeah you were, You Were saying Yeah, you were mad. You Were saying to show the Josh Allen thing. Yeah. Not knowing That Big Cat was gonna say. Oh, Josh said that the ref was saying, stop yelling at me to get penalized. Yeah. No, that's not it. Chiefs fans were getting mad at me 'cause I tweeted out the ref Apologize to Josh Allen hashtag some things and they were saying very mean Things. I thought you were, you were on the side of the cheese fans there. Oh fuck. We forgot to mention the Boltman, which I think was of It's a fake bolt man. It's a fake boltman. It's like DeMar. It's A phone. That's, that's the worst. That was partially why the Chargers lost. Yeah. That that's, that looks like, oh you, You maxed Boltman.


Yeah. And then somebody, somebody took it and it went viral. Oh, I love it. This fake Boltman looks like drill. Yeah. That's not Boltman. No it's not. He So I think Bolt, original Boltman sold his Boltman for like 50 K. Yeah. 'cause he was so sick that they left San Diego. Alright. Eagles 22 Packers, 10 Maxie ugly game. Rust quarterback had some rust that he had to work out. Defense was phenomenal. Defense Was very good. Jordan loves stinks. D Yep. Lot of pre lot of pressure from that D line made a, made the quarterback look not so great.


Defense was really, really good. Both, both lines were really, really good. Saquon was really, really good. Some things to work on for next week. But you'll take that win 10 times outta 10. Are you concerned with the play calling? I'm concerned with a win. Oh, okay. Oh, I was just asking if you, it sounds like you're a little touchy about that question. Yeah, that was a little touch now. But normal, a normal answer to that would be no, I thought, I thought Kellen Moore did a great job. Yeah, no, I'm not worried. Your answer tells me that you might be a little bit worried. You got very defensive there. Very. Oh, I mean it was Eagles 1 22 to 10. I don't think there, I don't think it was a one score game at any point. No, I I'm not up until the, and It's like I, I think he Oh, you, you think the play calling Good.


It was definitely a one score Game. I think the Eagles played was 100% one score game. I think they're a very, very, very good team. I think they could win The Super Bowl basketball, A one score game with the Packers having the Ball. But you are getting very defensive about a simple question max. Well it was like the Eagles just dominated that game and then immediately like, eh, so are you worried about the play calling of killing more than the Philadelphia Eagles? I'm asking that because they were, they You beat the fucking bucks when the bucks is shut. Shit on their pants in the fourth quarter. Oh, congrats. Right. Calm down Max. I'm trying to do a podcast here. I know, but you, I mean, getting to the Eagles just dominated the game and you're, and your immediate just what do you think about the play calling Not defensive. I, I, I'll tell you what Max, I'm gonna defend you here. We talked about play Don, you have In the previous three games.


I don't think you have any problem with the play calling, judging by this reaction. No, no problem with the play calling. That's my answer. That's totally, that sounded exactly like a guy who has no issues with play calling. He just went straight to the Commanders. Yeah, no, I mean you guys, you, you dominated that game. It got like, there was, there was a a little bit of a Chargers vibe in the first half where everything went perfect and you were only up 10. Especially with like the fumble, the on the opening kickoff in a touchdown four plays later. And you're like, oh, this is gonna be easy. And then you did, you struggled. The offense did struggle for the first half.


Jalen Hurtz looked like he was still concussed a little bit, but they made some big plays in the second half and it was never a doubt. You're right. They never, the Packers never had the ball down one possession. Yeah. No. There was never like, oh shit, this is a drive where we could give up the lead and that, and it's always a little bit more comfortable watching a game that way. Yeah. So I'm, I'm happy with the way that it turned out. There's one if, if I'm being honest, there's one thing that I'm concerned about and that's the kicker. Yeah. The kicker is a big Issue. Yeah. Yeah. Hank has a question. No, continue. If you, What's your issue? No, I, no, I would, I would like, I I'm more interested in what you have to say loser talk Question to the show.


'cause you just said they never had the ball down one possession. You said it was nice to watch kind of easy game. You tweeted in the middle of the game, we're gonna lose this game. Oh. But yeah, that's good. That, that's fair. Yeah. Yeah. That's investigative journalism by Henry Lockwood. There Lose talk. Correct. But inside the lines, there's, I'm not accountable for what I say. Okay. That's Fair. All the great ones say that. You just can't, you can't. Yeah. No, no, no. I get, I get it. Why did You think That? Because I am an anxious. I am, I think the world's fault. You're A loser. We won. But that was you. What made you say that? Yeah, I think it was Jake Kelly. I think it was probably after the missed extra point. 'cause that's like a, such a, a thing that happens.


Like you miss an extra point and it comes back to bite you in the ass. Yeah. The injuries not great today, Dean. That That's, that's Bad. That's the only injury. But It's really bad. Is is sleigh totally good? They they arm back in the game? Yeah, I know he came back in. I mean, I assume if he came back in the game that he'll be playing next week. Okay. Yeah. I, in terms of Packer's playoff losses, this one didn't scratch the itch as much because like one, I, I didn't think they were that good 'cause they lost to the Bears who were not good. So I was like, well they, they're not very good. And then two, every Packers player got injured. So that's, and I'm not saying like it's an excuse that I, I actually believe, like I I don't know if the Packers would ever won that game, but like they had a moment where all their top three wide receivers weren't playing anymore.


Yeah. And their best offensive linemen. So it's like I kind of got robbed and then of that feel of that like feeling of like, haha. Yeah. Because it was like, yeah, your whole team just got injured. Yeah. And then when, when they were driving with the ball, I think they threw a pass. Their fifth string wide receiver didn't put his feet inbound. Right. And so yeah, that was kind of the moment where I was like, I really wanna be enjoying this. But it's like they don't have literally anyone left. Yeah. Like if that was Romeo Dobbs that did that, or it was Christian Watson that did that, you, you'd be like, haha losers. Right. But now it's like, this is kind of what you expect. Or If the Packers were healthy and they like just barely lost, they're like, wow, we could've gone on a run. Like I think Packers fans probably were watching that game, watching everyone get hurt and they're like, if we have to play the next against the Lions we're fucked.


Yeah. Like that. They just were ripped apart with injuries. I do think Jordan Love is like, I for everyone was like, oh, he is the next in line. Like, I, I don't, I don't see it. He's good. He's not, His picks were pretty bad today. Yeah. He's not, he, he doesn't, I know he's still young, so he, he's like 32 or something, but he's, and I know it's only his second year, but it's not like he's, he had a really awesome eight year, eight game stretch last year. Got paid $55 million. He was okay this year through a lot of interceptions. He had a good stretch at the end of the season as well. But I, I don't think he's like some, do you guys agree?


Like, do you think he's like going to right now, would you say Jordan loves a, gonna be like a top three, top five quarterback here? Because that's what Rogers and fav Yeah. Yeah. Here's what I would say is on the broadcast when they're talking about the passing of the torch and they say, first it was fav, then it went to Rogers. Now it's on love. I don't think that one of those three is like the other or one of those. Right. Yeah. Like the other, the Dragon meme. Exactly. But I I think he's a good quarterback. Yeah. And he could get better. And this could all look really stupid by me, but I it's not so far, I'm not like, holy shit, this guy's insane. I Think he is. He's a good quarterback. Yeah, he's a good quarterback. Yeah. Which he's a good quarterback. He's following two Hall of Famers. And That's a great thing to have. Yeah. Also, as much as I want to relish in the Packers losses, which I am very happy that you, you you beat them Max.


'cause again, I, I, it was a little different this year because I, I think I said it two weeks ago where I was like, I don't think they're a problem anymore. Like I just did. They didn't beat any really good teams this year. They went, they lost twice to the Vikings. They lost twice to the, to the Lions. Pretty much lost twice to the Bears. Pretty much lost twice to the Bears. They like, they were always like, they, they, they were just not in that if we're going levels again, they were never in that upper level of the NFC. But they are, and it hurts me say they are the youngest roster in the NFL. And I do think like knowing how the Packers run as an organization, they'll probably be really fucking good Next year. And you've got a great head coach. Matt LeFlore is an awesome head coach. Yeah. They, you Actually make, and Josh Jacob's great running back.


I love watching that Guy play. That was a big boy run. Love. What? There were a couple big boy runs in this game. Dallas Cotter. That one at one point, Josh Jacobs dragged the defender, I think like five yards Yeah. On the ground who was grabbing on the back of his shirt, which somehow didn't rip. It just stretched for like five yards. Yeah. That is, that's a dude. Yeah. I, yeah, like I want, I want to be happy with the injuries and the fact that the Packers are so young. Like the end of Rogers was fun because it was like he's, he's getting older and older and older and the window's closing. I, I know how the Packers run their organization. I'm sure they'll fucking going to nail their draft picks and all their receivers are gonna end up being awesome and come back and it's just gonna be like, fuck. Yeah.


And everything I just said about Jordan love's gonna be wrong. Are are they gonna start drafting wide receivers in the first round? Like all the time now for Jordan Love? That'd be very funny. It would Be. Yeah. Just make him happy. I I I've seen some like weird like Matt LeFlore should be fired. Like that's the dumbest thing ever. Yeah. I actually think that Jordan Love, if you didn't have Matt Lale probably be struggling more. Yeah. Imagine Malik Willis without Matt LeFlore. Yeah, exactly. So Max, another question for you. Aj Green Brown, AJ Brown, different color reading a book on the sidelines. What, what book was it and why was he reading it? It was a motivational book. I will pull it up, I'll pull up his tweet. 'cause he addressed it via x the everything app.


Everything happens on X. He is the media. He he is the media. I am struggling to find his Twitter da. What the fuck? He has some, some. Oh there it is. Wait, no, this is it. Okay. Find it. Yeah. Inner excellence achieve extraordinary business success through mental toughness. And he says, fuck, he reads it. What are you looking for? He like His quote. Yeah. About it. He Tweeted about it. Why can't I find This one way farther into a book than LeBron ever has been. That's a fact. Right. I'm enjoying Max. I mean, I, why can't I find his fucking Twitter This bad memes?


Do you want to help him? It's one k always open. Yeah, I know that's Memes. Memes and Hank are, this is A fake one though. I'm also Enjoying, it's a, it's a good thing that you're struggling this much because like if, Would you like me to read it for you? I Did you find it, I'd be worried if you weren't struggling this bad. I'd be like, man, this guy might be worried about play calling. Yeah, that's a good point. But It's clear that he's not, you're not worried about play calling 'cause you're not flustered at all through this whole Packer's Eagles recap. Got it. Okay. Okay. All right. You You're Read It. Ready? Yeah. This game is 90% mental and 10% physical for me. I bring it to every game and I read it between each drive. I use it to refocus and lock in despite what may transpire in the game.


Good or bad. People tend to create controversy when they don't know the truth. Can I answer? I have a question. Question. When he said good or bad, which one do you think it was today? Good. They won the game. But you, do you think a brown was having a good time today? Yeah, they won. They won a playoff game. Okay. You think he was having a good time with the play calling? Yeah. No, I, he's probably, he looks like happy in this post-game interview. I don't know what he's saying, but he looks happy. He doesn't look mad, so yeah, no, he was good. So Three targets for AJ Brown. One catch 10 yards, One win.


Okay. Do you think it's always this book? It says that it's this book. It Very, so he is been reading, I mean this book that's doesn't look like a LeBron book. That's a well-worn book. Yeah. We need a, we need a, we need a book report from you on this. He Also has highlighted passages. Underlined passages. He, he really loves this book, but I'm just wondering if he was, if he had a hundred yards in a touchdown and Kellen Moore was just calling a great game and all that stuff. Do, do you think he goes to the book? Yeah. No. Or do You think he like high fives and like cheats? He Probably goes to little therapy and like they Maybe found That's what, that's not what I Asked. I don't know. I wasn't really paying attention. I was reading the quotes.


All right. I'll ask the question again and then maybe you can read the quote for us. If AJ Brown had a hundred yards in a touchdown and nine catches, do you think he's reading the book or do you think he's like having fun on the sideline? Well, I don't know if you heard what I said. He said transpiring the game good or bad might Be bad. Right. But he might have just put the word good in there and really meant bad. See, you're so you're calling him a liar? No, I'm just saying he might have, He also may not have. That's also true. Yeah. Everything's on the table right now when we're discussing this book. Correct. I have a question, max. You have the monthly Mental, I'm gonna take the man for his word. Okay. What's up pit stain guy over there. Do you think? Do you think the game is nine max never having pit stains?


Come on Max. Yeah, That was a bad. Come on Max. I mean your ass crack is probably showing right now. Yeah. Not pit stains. Do you think 90% mental, 10% physical is a good breakdown For him? Yes. That laugh means his, as he said, Ass is Yeah, his ass is out for sure. Means just watching it. Yeah. I Got a Chair. I'm not sure that the whole physical put together in this thing is the battle you wanna pick with anybody Max, because you, yeah, your butt gets a lot of screen time. Like you can't even see it. I'm, I got it back to the chair. Would you like in, in a game like this where he is limited, how many catches did he Have? He had one catch, three targets.


Would you rather he maybe cranks it up to 15% physical? We won the game 10%. We won. We won the Game. We did win the game. So looking ahead, besides your issues with the play calling, what do you need to fix going into next week? Jalen Hurts will be less rusty. So just like getting more reps and practice this week will be good. I agree with that. We'll have one extra day of practice that our opponent will not have. That'll be helpful. What if they're like Jalen Hertz like was so bad they just could put him back in the protocol. Just double Check. He wasn't that bad. 111. I mean, he wasn't good.


111 quarterback rating. You would die for that. Okay. That's in a playoff game. Yeah, but he wasn't like three, Two touchdowns. Okay. Won the game when we needed, when we needed to ice the game, he led a great drive to that. Finished with the Dallas Godard touchdown. Okay. Alright. So Max, who do you want? Vikings or the Rams? Mm, Good question. That is a good question. Call someone out. That is, if I had to choose, I'm, I, you know what I you gotta be good teams to No, no. Don't cop it out. No, but that's what you, that's what if I were to answer that question, that's what you would say. Just tell us which team you want. You can lead with that. Yeah. I Want you honest. You could lead With that. You, you want you, you'll play whoever wins.


But, but Gun to my head. Yeah. Put gun to my head. If you had to tell me that I had to pick a team, I would, I would pick the Rams. Really? We handled the Rams in that first game. They, their defense could not stop at the run. Saquon went for like two 50. Oh, that's right. I forgot about that. And the Rams offense has looked bad. I don't know. I don't know how they're gonna be tonight. And They would've to travel from LA to, to Philly and the Cole, well Actually the Travel Arizona to LA to Philly. True. Yeah. Okay. I don't think the Rams are gonna win tomorrow, but, Okay. I think that given my thought process, I would say that I would like, I don't know where I'm going. I think he's, I'm just saying where, see, he's happy With a play call.


Who, who knew that? Like the, a simple question of are you happy with the play calling? Would just lead us to send em off to people. Whatever's happened in the last 15 minutes. No, it was condescending. It was a question. My, it's so my job as a member of the media to ask those tough questions, max, it's So clear you're upset about the play calling. Just say it. I'm happy with a win. And you can learn, you can, you can go back, look at the tape and learn from things. Everything is a learning, a learning experience. And we will learn from this and be better for next week. Okay. Okay. I appreciate that. Well, thank you for beating the Packers And Jalen Hurts will be less rusty. Yes. Thank you for beating the Packers. Packers O2 sales call. The plays, no, That, those are two separate things.


Oh, Okay. Yeah. What would you grade the packer season? I would say a b No way, way worse than that. They're people were picking them for the Super Bowl. They were on Schrager. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. RIP to the Schrager streak. Yeah. They kind of got dealt a bad hand though with the, the injuries. Yeah. But Wilson won games I guess. Okay. So if you're looking at it like just straight up grade as a whole, the outcome of the season. Yeah, probably. Yeah. Definitely worse than a B I'm saying I it's prob B given what they were dealing with today. I'd say overall It's probably a B because they, they are the youngest roster. C plus They're the youngest roster in the NFL. It's like, what would you grade it under like a regular if you laid it all out and you didn't say this is the Green Bay Packers?


I think Packers fans are different because they like, they're used to winning playoff games and you know, that kind of thing. So they, they graded differently. But if you laid all out all the facts, took the, the logo off the helmet, you'd probably say B, Say B minus C plus. They're Gonna fucking be good next year. I just know it. I just know it. They're just gonna, they always just draft someone who's just like, how'd this guy get good? And it's just like, oh, and Jayden Reed's gonna be the best receiver somehow. Christian wa well Christian Watson I think is ACL, but I, they just, I just know it. And Josh Jacobs is good. Very good. Really, really good. But Jordan love's not good. I think he's good.


Go to bed thinking that No, he's not Max, you back me up. He was so that, that picked a Zach bond was Horrific. Horrific. It was a hurt, I don't know. Egregious. How do you just not see the guy right in the middle of your, of your vision? Yeah, I don't know. He just, he just threw it right to him. When he doesn't run RPOs and play actions, he's not like, as a straight up pocket passer. I just don't, I'm, I haven't been overly impressed. Also shout out to Philly for having the Sacks guy playing the national anthem. Oh, that God. Vannia sack. Vanya Sack. Who? Vannia Sacks. That guy. That guy can get it. That was incredible. Not in a, that sounded sexual. No, I mean that's fine. The saxophone is the most sexual instrument by far.


And they just like Gilly like come out with the team. Yeah. Like those videos are so funny. And the Bald Eagle. Oh, what a scene. Yeah. Max is replaying it. That was a really bad interception. You can't throw that one. Alright. Did you guys, you guys, you guys didn't score off that though? Oh, that, wait, no we did. Is it that the end of the second quarter because it was halftime, it was 10. Oh yeah. Why didn't, Why didn't you score? Was it the play calling? No, it was, it was just, it Was unrelated to the play calls. It was just a bad, it was Just a bad play. Play making. What were the play calls after that? It was incomplete.


Incomplete penalty. Penalty after Penalty. Oh yeah. Yeah. It was a penalty. It was a penalty. You can't have penalties. But first down incomplete. Yeah. Second down. Incomplete. Well It looks like the penalty came on fourth and fourth, so that actually didn't matter. Yeah, No penalty. And you remember How good, like the push the offensive line was getting Yeah. For the running game? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh my God. The Elton Jenkins going out for the Packers again. That's like, they, they robbed me of everything. 'cause they just got a, the, the guy who came in, how many holds did he end up happening? It was just every, every drive. He couldn't do, he was just getting killed. Okay. PFD wanted, do a couple more ads and we'll get to the big game Sunday night football and your win.


Before We get to the nightcap, let's talk about the elephant in the room. Erectile dysfunction. One in four men, 18 years and older experience ed, which means that you or someone close to you might be experiencing it. That's why I wanna tell you about this new ed treatment gel. It's called a Rock on, it's the first of its kind Ed treatment. Gel with clinically proven results that you can get over the counter. Ar Roxana is a topical treatment gel, which means that it doesn't enter your bloodstream. Makes it safe for both you and your partner to maximize intimacy. You can use it with your partner during foreplay, leading up to sex. And it's clinically proven to work within 10 minutes. It's important to try on a few separate occasions to get on the hang of how to use it. While it may or may not work for everyone, studies showed success in over 60% of men. If you desire deeper connections and better outcomes. A roxon is the answer. See if it's right for you and you can get it over the counter. A ROXON is available in stores and online. Visit roxon us, that's E-R-O-X-O-N, us to learn more.


Part of my take is sponsored by Better Help. Every January brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled in 2025. Maybe you're ready for a plot twist. Maybe there's a part of your story that you've been wanting to revise. Life isn't about resolutions that fade by February. It's about picking up the pen and becoming the author of your own life. Think of therapy as your editorial partner, helping you write new chapters. Create the meaningful story that you deserve to live. I've dealt with therapy in the past. It's helped me get through times of loss in my life. It's helped me clarify what's important to me. Therapy is a very useful tool and one that I think a lot of people could use out there. Better Help is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Write your story with Better Help. Visit better help.com/pmt today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp.com/pmt.


Okay. PFT. Yep. Commander's 23 bucks. 20. What a fucking game. A Crazy game. This is Every Commander's game is like this. Every single one comes down to the end. I was Gonna actually ask you this. We talk a lot about the Chief's Voodoo. Yeah. The Commanders have the most voodoo and it's a good thing they just have like, I don't wanna say Team of Destiny, but I watching that game, especially the, and, we'll, we'll break down the whole game, but like when the Bucks kicked a field goal to tie it 20 to 20, and there was four and a half minutes left. And this is part voodoo and part the fact that Jaden Daniels is just fucking awesome.


I turned to Jersey Jerry, who was sitting next to me, I said, bucks aren't getting the ball back. Yeah. And that's exactly what Happened. That's what we did. We, we had a, like a 17 play drive in the first or second quarter. Yeah. We didn't punt again today. Yeah. Because when, when it comes to fourth down, we either get fourth downs or we go for it And we don't convert them. And then we find ourselves like one minute later, back in that same exact fourth down situation. And Dan, there's something about coaches named Dan Yeah. That are just like, fuck it, we're gonna go for it. If it's Dan Quinn, if it's Dan Campbell, Dan Lanning did that this year too. Yep. Where you just get ultra aggressive. But I, I didn't have a problem even when it didn't work out that Dan Quinn kept going for it, because that's what we've done all year.


And we've said it a million times with the Dan Campbell stuff. Consistency. Yeah. If he had pussy out and kicked a fuel goal on the second one Yeah. You'd been like, dude, you can't just do, you can't go for it. Go for it. Go for it and then kick it. Keep going for it. And something good will happen. Yeah. You go for it. You don't get it. You pin 'em deep and then if you get a turnover, you're at least deep in their territory. Yeah. But yeah, it's like they pushed everything to the limit of how close they could make this game. And there's something about Jayden, he does not show emotion. Sometimes he smiles during plays. Yeah. I was Gonna say his only emotion is happiness, but Usually he just doesn't have any emotion whatsoever. Yeah. If you see the clip of him reacting to the game winning fuel goal at the end of this game, he's on the sidelines and he, he doesn't even smile.


He just sits there and it dinks in. And then he gets up and then like five seconds after it goes in, he starts stabbing people up. But the dude, he's like, they say that that Joe Burrow what his like high school basketball coach told his parents, like, you're lucky that he loves sports because if he didn't you might have a Dexter on your hands. Yeah. Like, he might actually be a killer. Jayden is kind of the same way during a game. He just, he, he never gets too excited. Never get the moment's, never too big for Jayden. Which is crazy to say as a rookie, but he is, he's going to be him. And who he is is just fucking awesome. Yeah. So watch this clip here at Ston.


He's just like, okay, cool. We won the game. Yeah. Nice. We won. Yeah. Which is, so the, the Chief's thing, which is my favorite team plays today. I'm going to kill myself. Oh, nice. We won. I had memes whip up a commander's version. And the commander's version is like in the middle. It's just, this game is really close. Holy shit. Shane Daniels is good. And then at the end, nice, we won. He's gonna do something awesome and we're gonna win this game. Somehow. This, this happens every week. Again, goes back to the question of are the Commanders a good team? I still don't know how good we are. I think Jayn Daniels is a good team. I Think he's a good team. I think Jane Daniels is the best team I've ever rooted for in my life. He's a really good team. I it was, I mean the fact, let's just, the elf in the room, the, the, the joint in just was so appropriate for like the, the where the bears stand and where the Commanders stand is two franchises that like, it had to be a donk in, but Who dos to kick in?


I I was just sitting there like, the Kicks never get, I can't believe that that you got the doink in. But Jane Daniels was just, I like watching it. I never, when they got the ball back with four and a half minutes, it's like he's going to drive them down the field and they're gonna win this game with a walk off field goal. I said it to Jerry, I said it in my head, the fourth in one play where he was dead to writes and he finds a way to get that first down. Like he's just special. I don't know what else to say. Like he's special and I think his specialness rubs off on the entire team where it's like, maybe they're not the most talented group, but when you got a guy like that, your confidence gets to a different level.


Yeah. And you know that like the, the inches that are all around us. Yeah. Like he gets those inches. Yeah. Jayden Daniels leads the league in inches all around him. Yeah. That he acquires. Yeah. And there's, every time something like this happens, I still have a part of my brain that has to think if Dan Snyder was still the owner, there's no chance that ball bounces in. Right. Bounces in. And something interesting about the, the Commander's playoff history. So this is their first playoff win in 19 years. Since 2006. January 26. Against the Bucks. Right. Against the Bucks. The previous playoff game before that I believe was 1999. And it was also against the Bucks.


And that was Dan Snyder's first playoff game. As owner were down 1413 kicking a field goal at the end of the fourth quarter. Botch the Snap, everything goes to shit Game over. And this Josh Harris' first game as owner, the ball bounces off the upright and somehow goes in. Yeah. Like just good vibe. There's been good vibes around this team all season long where just the smallest shit tends to break our way when we need it the most. And I don't know, I don't know how else to explain it. I, I'm so happy getting to watch Jayden Daniels and also Terry McLaurin another great game from him. Yeah. And our defense, we just stepped up and now we're like a, a medium defense.


Marshawn Latimore got cooked. You Gotta get, you gotta get Medium Plus Mar We do get Yeah. Medium plus a lot of places. Don't say Medium plus exists. Marshawn Latimore got cooked in the first half by Mike Evans. But still it, I think he was held under a hundred yards somehow. But this team is, there's just something about him that I love watching. I don't know if they're good, but they're great. No, It's, it's Jayden Daniels. Yeah. Like it, I, the new owner thing, obviously I want a new owner so bad basically on all the teams. But Jayden Daniels is that guy. Like he's the guy that I, I really do believe in it. Like in sports, like if you have a guy like Jayden Daniels, everyone plays a little bit better.


Yeah. Everyone plays a little bit better than their talent level because of him. You think you can win. Right. And you think you, you, you, you're thinking the same thing thing I was thinking where it's like they're gonna, they're gonna win this game. They're gonna go down the field and they're gonna win this game. I Felt good about the game from the very first drive that we had. And even on defense when we held him to a field goal right off the bat, the, but then we got the ball in our hands And we were moving the ball and it was like, this is it exactly how I saw it playing out, which is Todd Bowles is gonna try to blitz a lot and Jayden is different quarterback than who he saw in week one. He's more decisive. He's gonna be able to take off and run when he has to. But also more importantly, he's gonna hit guys in the middle of the field when he has to. And he played a, he played a great game.


A running game was virtually non-existent. Oh. Getting Stuffed every time. V two A is just a mountain of a human being. He's One of my favorite players. He's, he's great. And every time we kept trying to run it up the middle and Brian Robinson is the last person that you should be asking to run against defense like that because he hates bouncing to the outside. Yeah. Brian Robinson, if he gets the ball, he wants to run at somebody's face and run him over for like two, three extra yards and like soften him up over the course of a game. You're not gonna soften v tove up. No. He's untenable. Yeah. This is where, this is the point of the program. I'm very happy for you. PFD That was an awesome game. The Donkin incredible. Jayden Daniels like he is that guy. This is the part of the program though, where Max tells you all the stuff.


If, if Baker Mayfield doesn't fumble a snap, that game is Over. Well I was gonna lead off Of, well there's one other I Was gonna lead off by saying he didn't throw any interception, so I don't know what I'm supposed to talk about right off the jump. Well, the center also just Come yuck. Young snap and Ball way too. You got, you had three plays that just were de it's, I was really going off its Team of Destiny stuff. I'd Rather be lucky than good. Yeah. No, I'm, I, it it, there's a voodoo or what Big Cat said is exactly what I was thinking. Right. It's a good voodoo. Yeah. Everything just goes the, the commander's way. And trust me, I am the biggest Commander's fan this weekend. Yeah. I, I want the Commanders to win. Yeah. I can't, I can't have Max Max. You can't Do that. Oh, an N FFC championship with the Eagles Commanders.


But you're rooting against my friend Jerry Goff. Yeah. He sounds like he's, I'm rooting for my friend PFT. No, No. Interesting. I I can't have Max's stink on this team. Too bad. I I ban you from cheering for the Commanders. Would I rather go to Detroit or have the Commanders come to Philly? I thought you'd play, whoever you play Would rather go to Detroit. You got or be good teams. You gotta be playoff teams do Not care about our friend Jared. I care about my friend PFT. You don't care about me. And that's fine. And Dan Quinn. Yeah. Friend Of the program. Yeah. What about Dan Campbell? Friend of the program, I care about him too. Ross St. Brown. Yep. Friend of the program. Dan Quinn, DT Detroit, Don and super fan.


So friends of the program, max, We, we, we did get some breaks today. They got some breaks too. It happens to Alyssa. But also if Okay, if they fumble a snap and they don't get a, a third down conversion, then guess what? You still have to go win the game. No, I like, We're, we're good enough to here's, here's where, where we're at. We're not a great team. We're good enough. And Jayden is good enough to take advantage of every miss. If you give him a window, he will find a way to win a game at the end. Yeah. Jayden Daniels is good. As good as fuck. Yeah. Like really, Really good. Good as Yeah. The bucks, the buck, the Commanders were better than the bucks today. And the Bucks, there's two things. One, Todd Bulls, I don't know what happens in his brain, but he somehow fucked up the clock on the end of the first half and the end of the game, like the end of the first half didn't end up ma mattering 'cause they scored a touchdown.


But that guy's brain just freezes. And then you have, I don't know, the third best quarterback statistically this season just talking statistics. So not, not doing a debate on like, you know, but like Lamar, Josh Baker, those three. Sam Dar maybe. So four top four statistical season this year. Bur Burrow fuck five. Alright. Fuck five B had an incredible year is what I'm trying to say. He threw the ball 18 times. I don't understand what they were doing. Yeah. And it was partly because the Commanders did a great job of keeping the ball outta the Buck's hands. The, the Commanders had the ball for 35 minutes, but I don't understand how he's not throwing the ball more than that.


Well Bucky was also running with the ball pretty Well. He was, but Baker's your guy. Like that's your guy. That's your dog. I know he had some runs too. So there's probably more pass plays called. But Todd Bowles is just, he freezes. I don't know what the fuck goes on with him. Did did You, did you hear his speech or his interview that he gave out of halftime? No. Can we play that? Was it just as uninspiring as I imagined it to be? He, he got so confused. I forgot which was left and which was right. Yeah. Like listen to his explanation here. Gotta get him in long third and longer yard as you gotta win first down and keep getting out the pocket to his left, to his our left. His left, his left. Our left, his right.


I mean, gotta cut that down. This guy's just panicked. What, what side was he telling his defense to? Our left. Their left? No, but his left. Their left. He Said his left Our left. He doesn't know left from right. He, he, he's just, I mean he was so lost with the timeout situation. He had no idea what to do. The, what he did at the end of the first half was one of the more puzzling things I've ever seen. Yeah. Is letting the cl how, how many seconds did he wait? It Was like 17 seconds. He was just like, fuck it. Yeah. Then we'll call timeout. I mean, again, this was the commander's win and it was a special night for the Commanders. But Todd Bulls like, what are you doing dude? Yeah. He just can't be in those pressure moments.


Yeah. And that's, I mean the, the bucks. What, what did we grade their season? I would say They did, they did have both their cornerbacks get hurt. Well, I think one was hurt going into the game, then the other one got hurt. So, but you guys also had some injuries on cornerback, right? So Yeah. Or no? Yeah. We're, We're, we're a little bit banged up. Marsha and Latimore is injured obviously. Yeah. I hope he's injured. Yeah. Because otherwise it's not, it's not a very good performance out of a healthy Marsha on Lattimore given what we're paying him. But I would, I would give the bucks a b You won your division. Baker's awesome. Baker's awesome. That's really what it is. Like Baker's awesome. Yeah. What I think PFT is just the teacher that just gives everybody A BB.


No, I gave the Chargers an A minus. Well we Just, the, I gave the Broncos an A rec Recency bias. I, Yeah. Wait, so those are two A grades out of four that I've given up. I know. I was just thinking of the last one of the Packers. I mean, the Packers didn't get it. I, Whatever. Why are you, why are you so angry with me today Max? 'cause he seems really Been coming at me. You're a Commanders fan. Yeah. That's also not, you gotta unite coming outta, He's just, he's just in, he's in playoff mode. Yeah, that's true. He's in playoff mode. He's in survival mode. See Yeah. I fucking love the Commanders and I love Jayden Daniels. And this season has been an incredible gift and I'm so excited about what's coming next. Next week we can talk about, let's not talk about next week right now. Yeah. How about that? Yeah. Well you should not, I don't wanna think, think about the lions.


I'm not gonna think about Until Thursday. Not gonna think about the Lions. Like Just enjoy this win. There's no reason to think about the Lions. We're playing Team X next week. Yeah. Who knows? Maybe their offense is bad. Who knows? Here's The thing to lose. Here's the thing. PFT, like I, you don't think about lions. Can I talk a little bit about it real quick? Yeah, yeah. You don't have to think about it. I won't. The Lions are a way better team than the Commanders. Do you know what? The lions don't have Jane Daniels And something happens where, I mean they did a montage in the game of like crazy moments. Yeah. And there have been some fucking crazy ones. The Bears game obviously the Cowboys game, which wasn't even him. It he was on the sidelines in the second half cheering on Marcus Mariota.


Yeah. The Eagles game when he came back and against that really, really good defense that the Eagles have. Yep. And just shredded him the Souths game, the Saints game and the Falcons game. Yeah. Like the, it always comes down to the last minute with this guy. If we can get to the last minute against the lines, I will be a very, very happy man. Just Get to the last minute. Yeah. Shock the world. Yeah. Shock the world. Shock the world. Max is rooting for you. Thank you Max. That means a lot. Let's Go Commies. Let's go. Commies left hand up Max. Yep. So Jayden's, I would, I'm rooting for you 'cause I would love to see com Eagles Commanders n championship game. Me too. That would be numbers That would Mean you guys taught me when the Patriots played the Rams. I, you know, it's not right to root against our friend Derek off. So I'm, I'm gonna root for the lines based off what you guys said to me.


No, you're not. You're, you have the Commanders. I Don't even remember what you're talking about. Hank Is, Hank is all over the map with it. You know what your problem is, Hank You have like conflicting allegiances due to your troll brain and your fat brain and sometimes aren't. And sometimes that's, that's sometimes they fight. I'm not worried about that. That they might not. But Jade and Daniels might. Yeah. They might just give him the Lombardi. Yeah. It's, it's, it's lions verse Ravens. And they're like, before we give, before we give this to the winner, Jay Daniels, please come on Down. I would take it. He, he is the first rookie quarterback to win in the playoffs on the road since 2012. Russell Wilson, don't ask who he played or where he played. And before that was Mark Sanchez.


Before that Joe Flacco. And then before that, all the way back to 1976. Pat Hayden. Mm. So I'm, I'm gonna say it, I'm gonna stay at my grade on the commander season already. A plus. A plus plus a plus plus You wanna playoff game. Yeah. With the rookie quarterback. Don't don't, don't put a grade on it yet. Just Yeah. It's it's it's still going. Yeah, it's still going. It's, yeah. But can it get higher? Let's Go win the, let's go win this weekend. Let's do it Max. Give Him a pump up speech. Let's go. Yeah. Did you see that play at the end where Cany tried to tackle Jayden from behind and grabbed his towel and then just kept sprinting towards Jayden with Jayden's full towel? Yeah. In his hand. Yeah. That was, I mean, that, that play was, he was, Chancy had him and then he just didn't, he was playing flag football with him.


He was just running with his towel behind him. Towel. He should have dropped the towel where he tackled. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's crazy. And the kin, I can't believe it. By the way, Zane Gonzalez does have OCD so don't make fun of him. He does, but that's his superpower. Yeah. He, he fixed his hair a hundred times getting ready for the kick And it's like the shortest hair ever. So he, when he kept fixing it, I was like, is there a bug on there? But He actually does have OCD And his compulsion is that he has to split the uprights. Yeah. Or at least bounce off the inside. One of T he's gotta donk him in. I can't believe it doned in. I did you think for a second it was not good when it, when it hit it? Yes. Yes I did too. I was like, oh shit. I needed overtime for basically, I mean, we should talk about it. Hank that was the, i we all bet it.


Yeah. We had the PMT me and PFT did the parlay that Jayden Daniels, he, we needed 40 rushing guards from him on that last scrambled Play. He also had like 25 in the first quarter. Yeah. On that last scrambled play. He got the 40 yards. That was it. Last leg. And then he took the centering snap, kneeled it down. So we went from caching it to losing it all the eight Ws. I took it. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm just, I'm, I I feel it worse than you do. It was, it was, it was not. So I was rooting, I was rooting for overtime. Yeah. I was too. 'cause I had the over for a lot. I was rooting hard for overtime And, and very clearly so that everyone can hear it. When people get mad at Big Cat and Hank and they're like, why aren't you happier for PFT?


I don't need them to be happy for me. That's, that's not your job to be happy. That's not your team that you're rooting for. Like I understand. Like, okay, it's cool if your friend did something, whatever. Yeah. I'm happy For you right now. But if it comes to like, if you have a bet Yeah. That's on the line. You're gonna root for that bet. And I would root for that bet in your, in your position every single time. Also, it would be the weirdest thing ever if Hank and I celebrated with PFT like, like we were like, oh we did it. You did it. Yeah. That would be bizarre. I always root for the Commander. Especially when you have a, you're parlay and my nuke on the over, which was brutal. Well you know what, we are genuinely super, super upset whenever Max loses song. That's true. I am always upset For Max.


Actually, you know what? IW max has almost gotten to the point where now I would be happy for Max with Win. No, I Was thinking About this. I said, I said the word almost. Yeah. Very clearly. Yes, I agree with that. Sorry, Almost I missed the, almost. It's close. We're getting dangerously close to me being happy for Max with a win. I was Thinking about that the other day. 'cause I was like, if he, if the Eagles go to the Super Bowl, blah blah. I actually put a, Hank has money on the Eagles in the super. I do as well. The, You're all Hank's just all over the Map. Yeah. He's got other bills too. Yeah. The only team Hank this is where the troll brain company, the only, only team Hank didn't have a FUT on was the Chargers. No, No. I have $100 on the Commanders from like the beginning of the season when I went on a heater two weeks ago.


I have five grand. It's the biggest bet I ever placed on the Eagles. Okay. And then I have like a, some other futures that are like bills to win the conference and Eagles to win the conference. But though like the Eagle's future is the biggest bet I think I've ever made. Yeah. Should we all just declare our And if they just make it to the fucking Super Bowl, I'm cashing out. I'll say that right now. Should We all declare? 'cause after I bet it I hated it. Are gambling allegiances. Yeah. Get 'em out in the open. I have anyone But the Chiefs. What if they play the Chiefs? Will you keep it? Yeah. I, I don't know. I have se I I Hate you so much. I had the, I had the Chargers obviously dead. I have pause. I have no apologies because you, you flip flopped.


I know you did flip flop. I did flip flop and I have a Ohio State to win the national title in Eagles to win the Super Bowl. Parlay. That's like 12 to one. That would be a significant hit. And I have not, if anyone has an idea of who I should bet on to win NCAA basketball player of the year, let me know. Okay. I would like to play some best bet on someone. Eric Dixon is really underrated. From where? From Villanova. No. Heard about it? I would not. No. I have no Is he really good? He's awesome. Leads the country in scoring. In Scoring. They just beat Yukon. They just beat UConn. They beat Yukon last week. Wait, He leads the country in scoring.


Yeah. I'm not gonna bet on that guy. But tell me more about how good he is. He's so Good. He is so good. And it's just Villanova's coming on strong too at the right time. We don't have to talk about what happened this weekend. It's Football season match, But they're trending in the right direction. Okay. So like really, really looking. So Eric, what's his Name? Eric Dixon from Villanova. And he's, he could be the best he could. He is He like the Heisman for college basketball? Yes. Yes. How's that voted on? It's the best player in the country. Okay. And he is the best player. The country. I don't think I'm gonna bet on that, but I would like an update every show on, on how he's doing if he's doing well. I I also have Celtics, Barcelona, and Eagles Future National.


So I'm just gonna get that out there. I just wanna get that on there. All right, fine. We'll, we'll empty the clip. Okay. I've got the Buffalo bills, Muscle lions and Hideki matama to win the match. What I've got, I got the Buffalo bills, Lamar Jackson, and then Manchester United to be relegated. But that money goes to chief, which could be worth 10 grand. And then the Washington Capitals to win the Stanley Cup. I have just currently the Eagles and the Ohio State Buckeyes both to win parlayed. I have Utah to win the national championship this year. In what sport? Football. Okay. You don't know. They haven't crowned one yet. I've got Oregon still pending.


You never Know. Still Pending. And then I have Yukon in basketball in 19 one. That's just a respect. Respect. They, I won the last two years. I had to do it again. Here's a fun stat real quick from this is from Optus stats. In NFL history, there have been three instances of a team having zero turnovers and zero punts in a game behind a rookie starting quarterback. Whoa. All three were by Jaden Daniels and the Commanders. Wow. Week two, week three, and tonight. Damn. That's fucking insane. That is insane. I love this guy. That is Insane. I love Hi. I love him so much. Max, what were you gonna say? He's so good. He turned it over on Downs twice. Oh, that doesn't count. It's not, it's not like quarter quarterback And mention the Baker fumble.


Well, I didn't say that. Has nothing to do with that stat. No. Oh, you're, oh, you're specifically talking about this stat. Correct. Okay. Well, hey Max, how about this? If we kicked field goals every time on fourth down, then that Baker Fumble doesn't really mean anything. But you didn't, and then you failed. Yeah. But you're, you're taking away turnovers for the Bucks, but not taking away turnovers for the Commanders. They they were just unforced. They were just unforced errors. We won the game. No, i i the com The Commanders deserve to win that game. The command. All I wanted to say was that the Commanders have like voodoo, some weird voodoo going on. They do. Yeah. That like, things break their way at the end of games. They do. Which is good. That is, that isn't a, that isn't like an insult to the Commanders.


That is. I I would love a, a team for that to be my team. No, that's a good thing. Yeah, You're right that we do have that. And Adam Peters gets a lot of credit too for the just complete roster turnaround that's happened. Just all new guys. Dan Quinn's done a great job. I'm just, I'm the happiest I can remember being as a football fan. Maybe ever. Maybe, maybe ever. If we're talking about arrows, if we're doing the Arrow game. Yeah. This has gotta be better than RG three now. Yeah. I mean the, the wild card game that year. Yeah. It Was this Disas, His knee Exploded. It could, yeah. Right. See that This was like the final Yeah. Jaden Daniels has to, well actually holy shit, that fucking low, low hit on Jaden Daniels that, that looked bad.


Jay and I agreed to turn injuries off at the start of this game. And that one, this is now two games, not two games in a row. 'cause the Falcons game and then this one where his knee bends and you're like, fuck, this is it. And then he just stands up. Yeah. He's just like, not injured. But yeah, this is, this is way better than 2005 because we had Mark Brunell who was like 46 years old. And that's the only other playoff win that I can remember. Yeah. Except for the Super Bowl. I remember that. 91. The, yeah. I mean it was an incredible game. Jade Daniels, he's special. Do you guys want to do, let's do two more ads And we wanna try to figure out who's gonna win Vikings Rams.


And also we, we will talk a little Texas, Ohio State. 'cause that happened on Friday night. Yep.


Before we get back to these games, they're brought to you by our great friends over at Kevin's Natural Foods. Kevin's Natural Foods, they're delicious. I had some on Friday. I had their, their burrito bowl, their chicken burrito bowl. The chicken was cooked soused. And then you put it in the microwave to heat it up and it tastes like delicious restaurant chicken. Like amazing chicken. I'm not exaggerating. Here's what happened on Friday, actually ordered a sandwich. Sandwich got dropped off at the wrong house in my neighborhood. I went out in the snow walking around for about 20 minutes, looking for my sandwich. Some random house just acquired my sandwich. So I hope you enjoyed it. I came back and I was like, oh, I've got this Kevin's Natural Foods right here in the freezer. Took it out about four minutes later, I was eating a world class meal. The chicken burrito bowl is legit. If you haven't tried Kevin's Natural Foods, you're missing out. If you want a delicious protein packed meal that's on the table in five minutes. Kevin's natural foods heat and serve entrees are perfect. They're clean, nutritious meals and they taste like something you get in a restaurant. Kevin's entrees include fully cooked beef or chicken and incredible sauces. So all you need to do is heat and eat. It's hard to believe something this tastings healthy can be ready this fast. Skip the greasy takeout, grab Kevin's Natural Foods instead. It's the perfect mealtime hack. And it's faster than takeout too. Find Kevin's in the refrigerated section at your local grocery store. Again, try that chicken burrito bowl. You guys will not regret it. It is delicious.


We're all also brought to you by Tax Act. Yeah. There's been a long documented history of me having issues with my taxes. It used to stress me out. I know what was going on. That was before I started using Tax Act. And ever since I started using Tax Act, everything has gone super smoothly. Tax Act knows no one likes doing their taxes. So Tax Act has easy to use. Filing software that helps you get them over with Tax Act also has expert assist with live tax experts who can answer any tax questions that come up so you can get your tax over with. With Expert Assist, a hundred percent of tax acts experts are credentialed, defined as being a CPA EA or tax attorney with and US based a hundred percent accuracy guarantee. You can count on Tax Act software to be a hundred percent correct or you get a hundred thousand dollars max refund guarantee. Just like it sounds. Tax Act has a max refund guarantee that guarantees you the maximum refund when you file. Start filing your taxes today. It's that time season. Go to tax act.com to start filing again. We all know my, my issues with doing my taxes thanks to tax act.com. They've been solved. So go to tax act.com and start filing your taxes today.


Okay. Who do we think is gonna win Monday Night Football? I don't know. Anyone got an idea? I I do think it's, I think it's the fact they're playing in Arizona is weird. Go ahead. I think, I think the Vikings should win, but I also think that Sean McVay and that's the end of that sentence. And Sam Darn, I'm a little nervous. I just think Sean McVay, I would not bet against him in the playoffs. Yeah. With all this, the obviously super tragic stuff going on in la do you think it, like, is more team of destiny vibes or like distraction vibes that's gonna affect them negatively? Well, PFT said it last week when he was like, why didn't the, when Rams try to win that game to get a better seed?


And he was like, what's up, what's up with that? And Sean Buffet's done that before. I think that's the year they won the Super Bowl. Yeah. I feel like he knows. He like he's got a good team. Yeah. I think he knows something. He knows something because on paper you should have tried to win that game. Win Horse. Win Horse. Why did he do that? Why Did he do that? Why did he feel so confident rolling Jimmy Garoppolo out there. It's because he, he knew either one that resting his guys was more important than whoever they played. Yeah. Or because he sees some weird voodoo matchup. Yeah. I I have no idea. With this game, I feel like whatever side I'm gonna bet is gonna be wrong. But, But he and I Also have to root against the Rams. But he also didn't know who he would be playing Right.


In that opening game. It could have been the Lions Right. Or maybe he just knew that the Lions were gonna roll the Vikings. Right. Who knows? But I'm sure I'll have some degree of like, super confidence in whatever I choose to gamble on tomorrow. Oh, for sure. Yeah. Oh, I'm gonna be like, fuck you. I'm right. I I just can't, I can't get that Sam Donald. It is stupid. I can't get the week 18. And that was also just a Lion's great defensive game plan. But what if the Rams have a great defensive Game plan? Well they did with Sam Donald. Yeah. They beat him already this year. Yeah. It Was grab his face mask when the ref's not Yeah, That's true. No, but that was a game that the, the, I don't think Sam Durell played very well against the Rams when they played earlier this season. Is that not?


Am I imagining that? I just remember that was the game that Puka was coming back and it was like, oh shit. Is he gonna start? Oh yeah. He is gonna start and he's Gonna have 106 yards. Yeah. And he is gonna be awesome. He is gonna catch every single ball. Yes. Sam Donald, he was okay in that game. He wasn't bad. So Matt Stafford is very good against the Blitz. He's one of the best quarterbacks against the blitz. That's what I remembered. Yeah. But also we can agree that Matt sta not all pressures are created equally, But he also just had a week off. He, He can't really move that well. Maybe He's healthy Again. Yeah, he could be. Maybe he spent the week off at Aloe. He's feeling good. Maybe a little Daniel Jones two-headed monster Wi with Sam Donald.


Yeah. Mix him in there. Yeah. He'll never see it coming that room. Yeah. It's a great room. That's A great room. If we're going off rooms, I need, IIII need at least 10 minutes on the broadcast talking about that room room. That room is a one seed. Yeah, for sure. For sure. The Ohio State Buckeyes beat the Texas Longhorns on Friday night was a great game. So much for the people saying that the college football playoff expanded playoffs suck. They basically, they ba they had us in the first half. Well, the first round looked bad. Ratings were bad For Who the fuck cares. I don't, It says something Not to me.


I mean, I I heard some people saying that they're dragging the season out too long. I'm fine with dragging the, the football season's longer. I do think college football should end a little bit earlier, just naturally. Like, I I think it's weird the national championship is gonna happen after the divisional round of the NFL. Yeah. But I, yeah, I I mean I I've never, I've never watched a a, a playoff game or any game and enjoyed the hell out of it. And then afterwards been like, damn, the ratings were bad. Maybe I didn't like it. Sure. Ratings don't matter. I mean they, they just don't matter to my enjoyment of the game. No. Like I enjoyed the hell outta that game. I thought it was a great game. Ohio State. It was like, will Howard was awesome in that first drive and then, and then he was not.


And they were like, there was that moment where you're like, shit, is Ohio State gonna like fuck this up? Are they gonna Ryan Day it up? That screen passed the end of the half. I don't, I still don't know how that happened. I don't know how you blitz in that situation if you're Texas. And then it all came down to the first and goal series that SARC play calling has been questioned over and over. Yeah. Where they ran the toss play out to the left where they went backwards about four yards. I don't know why you do that. Don't really get it. We should say though, Caleb Downs made a great play on it. Caleb Downs is a heat seeking missile on that play. Caleb Downs has been doing that all season long. Yeah. He take, he takes the perfect angle every single time. He's a great player. So Yeah, a great player made a great play on a bad play call.


Yeah. How about that? Yeah. Texas had a chance going in at the end. They just made more plays. Texas the Better Team won. Jeremiah Smith was not really part of, he was No, he shut him Down. Which is crazy to say. Like just throw the ball to Jeremiah Smith every single time. 'cause you probably could do that. But Texas, I don't know if Texas took him outta the game. No. Texas Defense balled Out and Ohio State does have other good wide receivers. Yeah. And they made plays. Yeah. No. Texas Defense was, was phenomenal in that game outside of the screen pass at the end of the first half, which was horrific. I I said it before the game. I'm, I'm over the Quinn viewers experiment. No offense to him. He's like, it's a perspective thing because I, I do think Quinn, yours had a great college career.


He's taken Texas to the semi-final and back to back years. Which if you said that to a Texas fan five years ago, 10 years ago, you'd Yeah. Sign me up. Like, fuck, sign me up. I also think Texas does this weird thing where like they're comparing everyone to college Vince Young and you don't, you can't really get better than college Vince Young. So it's like, if that's the standard you every, you're gonna be disappointed forever in the quarterbacks you have. But I just, Even Colt McCoy never reached college. Vince Young. Right. So And he was a great quarterback Though. It's an impossible standard. I just, Quinn yours is a good quarterback. I just don't know if he's like that that extra step of getting you, again, it's, we're talking about perspective here. Like it's talking about getting you to the national championship, which he's a really good quarterback.


I just don't know if he's, I I would've, I wonder how good Arch Manning's gonna be. That's kind of what I'm getting at. If Arch Manning is good next year, will Sark look back and be like, yay. Probably fucked that up. I think this was important for Sark to, to show Quinn viewers that he had his back. Yeah, I understand That. 'cause everybody was saying put in Arch and I was saying it too, like if you have, if you're looking for a couple yards, you have a quarterback that can move. And also he's definitely a threat to pass, but like much more capable of picking up a couple yards in a running game than Quinn would be. I don't know why he wouldn't put 'em in, but I think that Sark had some weird like blood oath with Quinn ERs. It's like, you're my guy. I'm not, we're bringing Arch in probably when they first signed Arch. Yeah. He was like, Quinn, I wanna let you know, I wanna give you my word that he's not coming here to take your job.


And we're not gonna play into any of that. There's gonna be a lot of media talk. The fans are gonna say we want Arch, this is you, this is me talking to you. And I give you my word. You're my guy. Yeah. I think this was Sark like fulfilling on that when he did have something that he could have done that probably would've given him a, a slightly better chance to win cooler Than that is winning a semi-final game and going to the national championship Also. Correct. Yeah. Also, I'm very happy for Jack Sawyer 'cause he's obviously been the butt of a lot of jokes going on four against Michigan. The whole flag thing. He has been phenomenal in these playoffs. He's stepped it up a level in that it was like the slowest fumble return ever. But it was also like, it actually was kind of cool how slow it was.


He was gassed after about 15 yards. Yeah. Because You could, you, you like Ohio State fans got to celebrate for about 17 minutes as he ran down the field For you. Was it, did you like see it in the moment and think to yourself, this is an all time Ohio State highlight. Yeah. Like it's perfect for him. Yeah. I dunno if you knew this. He's from Columbus. Yeah. Yeah. And Jack Sawyer. He is. And Jack Sawyer was not the reason why they lost to Michigan. He actually made the play. That should have been like the crowning moment. Yeah. For him to beat Michigan with that interception. So Ohio State looks awesome. That was a great, great game. And I do think that like, so the college football expanded playoff, the people who were upset about it, and I get it the first round did suck. There's a chance, I don't know what it would've totally worked out because they would've judged things differently in a 14 playoff.


But there's a chance that Notre Dame Ohio State wouldn't even been in the playoff in a 14 playoff. There's a chance. 'cause it probably, it it they could have gone Oregon in what? Texas In Georgia Inn. Yeah. And then maybe Penn State, although it pro Ohio State probably would've jumped, I I don't know how Ohio think Ohio State would've jumped the loser of the SEC championship campaign or The Big 10. So it might've been both teams. If Texas had lost that game like they did Yeah. Then I think Ohio State maybe would've jumped. But I more than anything, like I know that the, the, the argument. Yeah. What was the final rankings? So Notre Dame would've been three, Texas would've been four. Penn State. Five. Ohio State Six.


So according to the last rankings, Ohio State wouldn't have been in these playoffs. Wait, this Was ap. I didn't, lemme Pull pull up the But that also means that yeah, two of the teams in the top four got beaten by those teams that were like, maybe they get in, maybe they wouldn't. I also Think it's just so funny because I understand there's, this is the college football playoff ranking. Yeah. So the actual college football rankings, and again, I don't know how they would've done it with like, I think they took a little bit off of the, the, the championship games this year because of a 12 team. And you knew everyone was gonna get in. But if you had done a 14 playoff and used the rankings that they used, it would've been Oregon, Georgia, Texas, and Penn State.


So Notre Dame, Ohio State would've been outside. That's your championship game. I don't know why I, I understand people love the college football regular season and they like every game mattering and they like a Michigan ending Ohio State season. What other sport like Ohio State got hot at the right time. That's what happens in sports. I will never understand somebody who's a fan of a sport being upset that the sport uses a tournament at the end of the season to pick who the winner is To, to play more games, to find the best team. Yeah. I'm, I'm I'm okay with that on the record. Yeah. So I, yeah, I mean, it, it was, I I liked starting with the Arizona State, Texas game. I know the Rose Bowl was a blowout, but it was a fun game to watch.


'cause it was like such a incredible game that Ohio State played. I feel like we've had four really good playoff Games we have and Oh Yeah. And Notre Dame Georgia was good. Yeah. And in the championship Ohio State, they seem, they seem like they're the better team. Right. Would you agree? Yes. They seem to be the better team. They are the better team. Ohio State should beat Notre Dame unless Ryan Day does the weird Ryan Day thing that he did against Michigan. And if there's a, a coach who's capable of bringing that out of Ryan Day, I think it might be Lou Holtz to get him back into that mindset that he had where it's like we have to just outman him. 'cause he has something to prove. Right. He's got a fixation with Lou Holtz.


Yeah. That he needs to figure out how to set aside going into this game. Yeah. And also Marcus Room is a great coach too. I, I think Notre Dame, they have to play like not a perfect game, but they can't make mistakes because Ohio State is just, and I I'm not saying this as like a don't play the game. Ohio State has more talent. Like they have the most talented roster in college football. I don't think even Notre Dame fans would disagree with that. Notre Dame though. They're just a tough ass team. They, what's what's their offensive line say Four quarters of fuck you football. Yeah. I love that. Like they have a mentality and they don't, they don't kill themselves. That if they keep the, this game close and you know, Ohio State, you know, has a little pucker of their asshole.


They could absolutely win this game. And I mean, Texas got a little bit of push at times on that defensive line. Notre Dame's got a great offensive line. Texas Was, I know it's the 28 14 was the final score. Texas was they score that touchdown we're going into overtime probably. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like that was a, that was as close as the 28 14 game Could be very excited though. We're gonna have booger on Wednesday show to, to break down NFL Playoffs and the national championship. So maybe he'll give us a pick. Should we do Who's back of the week? Let's do it. Let's do who's back the week.


It is brought to you by our friends at Uber Eats. Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply C app for details.


Uber Eats, who's back of the week


Rollback question. Hank R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Accusative polos hoodie's, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take


Hoos your who's back of the week. My who's back of the week are the New England Patriots. Ah, Ah, you took mine. Yeah. Fuck with you. So it's been a long, long few years I've, I've learned what it's like to be, you know, loser franchise and, and not be excited on Sundays and kind of like expect losing and, and I learned a lot about the draft. You Learned a lot about the Draft. I wasn't, I wasn't used to that 'cause we were winning and stuff. What's the, what's the most important thing you learned about the draft? That, you know, you, you can't take the three best players, like the players get drafted, then you have to reassess. You have to wait. Yeah. That was the big lesson I learned last year. I, I think the big lesson you learned last year was that when you trade your pick, you have to actually give it up.


Yeah. Because that was the whole Yeah. When you were like, oh, we'll we'll get the number one pick, but we're not gonna give up the three pick. Yeah. And I know a lot of fans of the show, they always get mad like, oh, you just win, you win, you win, you win, you win. And it's so annoying. And it's like, now, you know, I've, I've, I've been in the basement. I've, I've dealt with what, what a lot of people that listen to the show and, and you guys have dealt with for a long time, but they signed Mike Vrabel and they're back. They're, they're, they're on, they're on the path. The path of glory is back Question. Yeah. By the way, congrats to our good friend Mike Vrabel. Do you have anything to say to memes who has gone on a memes path Rampage against Mike Vrabel?


No. I mean, I think that's, that's the beauty of, of, of football and sports is like memes, you know, can do as little trolling online and say these things on, on x.com, on the everything app. But like, we'll see you on the field next year and we'll see you on the field for the next 20 years. Okay. And, and we'll let the talking, we'll let the talking play itself out there. What about this take, and I'm gonna say this from an anonymous person online. Mike Variable is proof that one smart clock management moment in a nationally televised game buys you five to 10 years of NFL media thinking you're a great coach. Memes meme that As memes. Memes Also in this hurt people Hurt people Also in this, in this post memes refers, I think he's referring to me as being NFL media Memes.


You're part of the NFL media that highlights his stuff and gaslights it. Okay, so memes, you're not mad. No. It's whatever man. We were in This together. Like we, we, we, we suffered through this season together. And it's like, if you, if you, you know, made it outta the trenches, I'd be happy for you. I would expect, I would hope that you'd be happy for me. No. Damn. I don't want you outta the trenches. I want you in the trenches, memes. And I want Mike Vrabel to suck. If my, if you're listening to this Mike Vrabel, I want you to suck. Memes is equally not mad, mad about this is Max, about the Blake on. Yeah. If you're listening to this Rex Ryan, you're not gonna get the job. You're not getting the job.


Yeah. So memes, you're, you're, you're not bothered. You just started Memeing. I'm extremely bothered. Derrick Henry's not Walking through that door though. Derek what? Derrick Prime, Derrick Henry is not walking through The Patriot store. He's was a Derrick Henry Merchant And or Ryan Tannahill merchant. Oh yeah. Stud gets slammed. He's a system coach. But no, it's, it's been great. You know, will and Taylor busting with the boys, guys, they obviously played for him. They, they had a lot of glowing, glowing things to say about him. What, you know, people can expect, players are gonna get, you know, called out, expected to, you know, play at a high standard. And, and Vrabel expects everyone to, to meet those standards. And he's gonna write this ship and, and get us back where we need to Be.


He's gonna expect you to meet a certain standard too. Yeah, that's fine. That's great. I mean, that's Missoula's the same way. Like that's, that's championship mentality. That's, that's what he should be You're about to that standard, whatever he needs, whatever coach, whatever you need, I'm here for you. Okay. Congrats. Thank you. I'm excited for you Hank. Yeah, great hire. Who's Your, who's Back? My, who's back of the week is the Philadelphia 76 ERs. Oh. Because They were, they were threatening to leave town. Oh. They were gonna abandon Philly after all they've done for Philly and the city of Philadelphia just came to an agreement to keep him around for a while. So congrats Max. They really suck. Oh, No. Do you want 'em gone? No, no.


They're, they're staying in South Philly. They were, they weren't going to Jersey. They were going to go to Center City, Philadelphia. But now it's good because we're keeping all the stadiums right next to each other. Yeah, you got, that's a cool, I love that about any city that does that, where the stadiums are right across the street from Each other, yeah. The sports district. Yeah. Yeah. No. Just makes for a great tailgate scene. There's the big Xfinity Xfinity Live mega bar in the middle of it. It, it, it's fun, but just, I hear the word Sixers and they're so bad. Like they may not even make the playing game bad, But they had 10 wins by Christmas. Yeah. No. That did not spark anything.


And Joel and b just never plays. Damn. They lost the magic today. We Made that whole video on Christmas. That was fun. I I'll always have that. You Will always have Christmas Have That, that was huge. Yeah. I mean, they lost three outta their past four. I mean, the magic or winning team with the pelican stink the sun. But aren't you happy? Like, that's a major win. They're not leaving the wizards. They're not leaving town. Good. I'm glad. That's good. Cooper flag. I, I want, I, at this point, I, I want them to get a top six pick so we get our, so we have our picnic next year. Yeah. Cooper Flagg either, who's back of the week is LeBron. Oh, he's back in the news. Have you heard about LeBron? I've seen it. I still don't understand it.


Alright. So LeBron was dancing to a Kendrick Lamar song like a month ago. And then Drake put out a song called Fighting Irish. And Drake has a tattoo of LeBron on his arm. This is normal stuff. Has a tattoo of LeBron on his arm from when LeBron was a high schooler. Oh. When he was playing on a team that was called the Irish. Okay. And in that he seems to throw some shots at LeBron being like, I know things about you. You shouldn't have been dancing to that song that called me a pedophile. Okay. Now, DJ academics went live and said that he is familiar with the accusations and that Drake does have some info about LeBron that he could put out.


And now LeBron is probably very, very afraid to get credit to LeBron. He's done a great of being like the most famous person in the world for the last 20 years. He's done a great job of not having any major huge scandals about him that have gotten brought to light until recently, until very recently. So I don't, I don't know what's gonna happen if Drake. Do you think Drake has, like, is he just lashing out because he got beat so bad? Has he, has he handled getting defeated on a public stage worse than anyone else after like, threatening to sue his own record label? Yeah. I, I will say if, if they were like best friends, which, if he's got a tattoo of them, that would suck a little bit.


Yeah. I, But I don't know if they're best friends. I would agree that LeBron, if he was friends with Drake, should not have done that. Yeah. Yeah. But I don't know. I don't know their relationship. Hank, what are your thoughts? I think both. I mean, I think it's like star athletes. It's like, I, I think anyone that holds 'em to a higher standard or is, is crazy. 'cause it's, there's been a million examples of like athletes being somewhat scumbags and not the most loyal guy. So it's not like shocking. I'll never be shocked when I, when you hear stuff like that, it's like, yeah, no shit. That's, you know, every, a lot of athletes are like that. They're, it's like, Drake, did you know it? It's ugly. It's like LeBron was dancing and now Drake's outing him and it's like, you know, everyone everyone, everyone's getting hurt.


People hurt people hurt People hurt people. And you're a Drake guy. I'm not a Drake guy or LeBron guy. Oh. So I don't really give a fuck. They can take, they can both take each other down. Yeah. For all I care. This Was one of those things that I was aware that was happening, but I, I didn't really, there's football and so I didn't really dig deep into it, but I'm sure, I'm sure there's more that I'm gonna learn. I, to me it seems like Drake is just trying to get a duck. Well, LeBron also took that leave of absence like a month ago. That, oh, that was my, that was my like Well that kind of makes that make a little more sense. That Lines up. Yeah. He was up in Canada, banging horse. That's Whoa. Academics. I mean, academics just set everything. Oh Yeah. So it's all been said. Yeah. But it's obviously not from, you know, the official source.


But yeah. I also think that Drake is just desperate to get a win anywhere. Yeah. Anywhere he can find when he leaves. I don't think It's a win though. It's just like, yeah, like I'm, I'm, I'm the scumbag. I'm friends with the scumbag. Is that a win? Yeah. He's Just, he's pressing the button. Blowing everybody up. Yeah. Everyone's coming down with me. Yeah. The Dan Cider. Good Guy. Yeah. Alright. My who's back the week is overreacting to one thing and then, and then trying to make changes. 'cause there's a, a report that the NFL might change the NF the playoff format where division winners get an automatic entry into the playoffs, but not necessarily home field in the first round.


I think divisions should, should mean something. I agree. I think They're, this Would suck. There's divisions for a reason. It's also like, yeah, this year was weird and it's crazy that the Vikings and the Lions were as good as they were. That week's 18 game was awesome. It wouldn't have, I, I don't, I mean I guess it would've meant something in terms of a buy, but it, they both would've gotten a home playoff game. I divisions. NFL is what makes the NFL great. Yeah. It leads like your division rivals and winning your division should mean a lot. It Also leads to regional styles of football. Correct. Amongst the divisions, which is cool. Yeah. To like have an identity for your division. Like The NBA has divisions does, they don't even fucking care. No. At all.


They like, doesn't matter whatsoever. So it's like, I, I don't know. That's the unique, like don't overreact to one year. And guess what? Like, it sucks. 'cause if Vikings had a really good year win your division, they Were probably looking at beat the Lions at the criticisms of the college football playoff and they're like, yeah, we need to do that too. Yeah, no you don't. Yeah, no you don't. I Mean, yeah, sometimes you're gonna have a good wild card team and you're gonna have a a below average division winner. Yeah. But that's okay if They're demanding to do this. I could meet them a like a quarter way there and say you have to win nine games to get a home playoff game. But I'm not gonna go farther Than that. Yeah. But I like that above 500. But then also people then bring up the Beast Quake. Beast Quake. Yeah.


When Was a seven and nine Seahawks team. That was pretty fucking awesome. Like, I'm okay with it. 'cause if you, if you go on the road and you lose to a seven and nine team in the playoffs, you should have beaten that Team. Right. And it also win your division. Yeah. Like that's, that's the, that's the best part of NFL football is like you play your division six times, you hate those teams. They're rivals. Those games should mean more than all the other games. Yep. So yeah, don't do that. NFLI don't think they will. I don't think they will either. Roger Goodell's kind of the anti Adam Silver. I don't feel like he listens to us. No, I think it, I think we're good. I mean, unless something really weird happened. If there was an instance where a really shitty division winner, what's the worst possible record you Could have in winning?


I think someone's, I was reading a thread on it last night. I think someone technically could win a division four and 13. Yeah, look at the A FFC South. It's probably, I mean they just won a playoff game. No, I'm saying like in the past You're Texs there's Been some bad a FFC South teams in the playoffs. Yeah. Four, I think four and 13 technically. Wait, You're Mike Abel, Blake Bortles. Which team are you talking about? Oh No, I'll look it up. I mean I'm not, I'm not Oh no Titan. It's not. It's not. He might might have gotten you there, Titan. It might be portals. No, I mean seven and nine is the the worst. NFL The Panthers. I think Ron Rivera, they won seven and nine. The Panthers won a division once. Oh, Ron. Ron Rivera did it twice. He did it in DC too. Yeah. Heineke Also shout out NFC Beast.


Any D only division that has has two teams still available. There We go. NF C's beast. That's just not true. What? Oh yeah. It's just not true. Well But two teams that have already advanced. Yep. Good point. Max ca Switch it up on it. Yep. It is kind of cool in the A ffc that every division's got a, it's just the division champs That is cool. Left. I also like having Max as my buddy and my friend right now. So I appreciate it Max. Yeah, I can tell you really mean all this stuff from your heart. You definitely mean it. I'm thinking What if the Vikings are in the NFC North or not. Yeah. If the Rams win tomorrow, then that's true. Yeah, that would be true.


There you go. So yes, as of right now, I was correct. Yeah. 2017 Titans that led to Mike Malarkey s firing. What did they win the division at? Nine seven. Oh, so that's not even the seven Nines. Yeah. Needed overtime to beat Owen. 16 Cleveland. It Would be. That's not even the seven nines we've been saying. Yeah, it'd Be the 2016 Houston Texans. So yeah, I wasn't just making shit up. I, What was their record? They were nine in seven. So not still above 500. Still Better than so far we have two Ron Rivera teams and then And the Pete Carroll team. Yeah. And the number one on this list is the 2020 Washington Commanders or Washington, Whatever the fuck. That was a big time.


NFC Beast Move by Doug Peterson. That game. Get us into the playoffs. Put Nate Sun filled up. Yeah. Alright. Good Show boys. Great show. It's great talking to some playoff football. Congrats. PFT. Thank you. Congrats Max. Let's finish with numbers.


We got Jack Pockett. As you know, you can get scratch off tickets with Jack Pocket lottery app. That's right. You can order scratch in state, scratch off tickets in states like Texas, Ohio, Massachusetts, Arizona, and other select states. Don't forget Jack Pockett also lets you order Powerball and Mega Millions tickets right on your phone. Download Jack Pockett new customers. Get your first ticket free with code PMT. That's code PMT only on Jack Pockett Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or Text Hope and Y 18 or older 19 plus in Nebraska. 21 plus in Arizona Void were prohibited. Promo code required for $2 non withdrawal credit prize amount may differ at time of drawings. Terms Jack pocket.com/tos/free-ticket-promo/okay.


Numbers 5 38. I was gonna pick five 11. Hmm? Pug 94 Pug. Oh, I'm gonna take 89 from the chat. Wow. Pug disrespecting the chat. 26. Wait, what'd You take? That was Jack. I took 89. I'd be, I took 94. Nine. Four Nine, I mean memes. Would it Really count if you won with Pugs number? Yes. What do you mean? Oh, that's interesting. So would it count if he didn't claim the No, but it but PF, your whole argument is PFT won with your number. I guessed it.


I don't see the difference. Got you there. Hank, are you gonna participate? I said 38. I'll say it again. Oh, 30 46. Love you guys.