
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take, we have our good friend Scott Van Pel, talking about his TURPs, talking about the Sweet 16. Getting ready for some more action. Coming Thursday and Friday, we are, our brains are back. I feel like we're going to catch up on everything we missed. Bad job by us. We didn't talk about Jamis to the Giants. I know on Sunday that's hand up accountability. We're gonna kind of clean up everything that we might've missed when we were in our four days of college basketball mania.


And then we're gonna do guys on chicks to finish the show. So it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings.


Hey, basketball fans, are you ready to win real money? Check out. Pick six from DraftKings when it comes to basketball payouts, DraftKings pick six dunks on its rivals, including prize picks. When you hit all your picks, you'll slam home higher. Minimum payouts on Pick six than flex plays on prize picks. And best of all, you'll win even more cash if you posturized the competition. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including Missouri, California, Texas, Georgia, and more. Don't settle for a smaller payout switch to pick six cash in your basketball knowledge. New players get 50 in pick six credits instantly. Unjustified dollar entry. The fun of the basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5 to get 50 in. Pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger wins only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdrawal. Pick six credits that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go Football guy. My, my and my take.


Welcome to part of my take presented by Draft Kings. The fun of basketball season continues with the most fun way to play fantasy sports. Pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings. Pick six app now and use code take. That's code Take for new customers to play. $5, get 50 in, pick six credits. Better payouts, bigger, bigger wins. Only with pick six from DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, March 26th. And boys, I feel like my brain is back. Had a night of sleep. We are post March madness for opening round. Ready to catch up on everything post. Got hammock people mad at me. Post madness, clarity, Post madness. Clarity. I feel like I'm on the right side of history with a hammock take. I went up, had a nice little sit on a hammock yesterday morning. Got some direct sunlight in my eyes like you're supposed to start. That's my morning routine. Chill on the hammock. Get the UV rays. I did do some research though into how dangerous hammocks can a lot Of people die. I think that this is a product of the media. This is big mattress. This is big mattress trying to steer you away from hammocks.


A lot of people die. They put out all this stuff Relative to What, anytime somebody dies in a hammock, it becomes a big news story like a shark attack. Hammocks are more afraid of you than you are of them. Tom Ferelli are good friends, said that it's actually safer, less, less people die from bear attacks than sleeping on hammocks in a year. So it's less, it's actually safer to sleep on a bear than sleeping on a Hammock. My take is that that's a fact. Some of us aren't pussies and it's extreme sports. It's like extreme sleeping. Listen, I said it when I said it. The, I knew as a controversial take. I wish I could be a dainty little boy like you and be able to get into a hammock. I, it would Be nice wish. I wish you had a modicum of coordination where you could sit down and stand and More people down obesity every year than sitting in a hammock.


That's true. True. Maybe be so fat that you can get in one. You'd fine. That's, That's good point's. A good point. Also, you were so wrong on all your furniture takes, but that's fine. No, I mean that's your, your spin zoning. This is classic Big Cat 1 0 1. No it's not. I did get people mad and I think my words were again, misconstrued by Big Cat. What about outdoor furniture? I had, my dad was very mad at me. I had a few people reach out. Oh, so this is my fault. Yeah. Kind of. Okay. I like outdoor furniture. I do. I just love hammocks. Yeah, hammocks are great. You said that you don't like outdoor, He said multiple times since No, yes you Did. And he also didn't understand how it works. No, that's You. You're getting Big Cat 1 0 1 to get Hank. I know The Argument was about hammocks.


He's moved it to, now you're wrong about outdoor furniture. Also, the original argument, which you are Hank is wrong about outdoor furniture. But you're also correct about hammocks. The Original argument was just hammocks are overrated, which I stand by. I think they are overrated. I think they, they they're rated in a way that is like, they're the peak of comfort. I don't see that. I did go deep into hammock Twitter and hammock internet yesterday and there are a lot of hammock message boards and people just like rate my hammock set up. I've been sleeping in a hammock for five years now. I'm trying to get my girlfriend to sleep in a hammock too. Any recommendations for how I can get her to, That's kind of weird. Yeah. There's a lot of weirdos out there. Alright, so outside of that, some of the, some of the stories we made as well, we should update.


We have more drama from Yukon because the, after they're lost to Florida and Bo and Danny Hurley yelling about the refs. It turns out that the SID for Yukon told the reporter who took that video, I will ruin your life if you don't delete it. And he did that in front of a bunch of journalists. Mm. Bad move. Bad move. Did he bad move? Include them on a, on a group text? I don't know. But Here's the thing. Dan Hurley, I'm fine with Dan Hurley. Yeah. 'cause if you have a problem with Dan Hurley, then you have a problem with college basketball and winning. Because if you go back throughout the years, you've got great coaches who are always, they, they're on that line. They can be kind of assholes sometimes, especially if they lose, he wins.


He can be intense. He can be an asshole. That's who he is. Good for the sport. Also, the SID probably shouldn't threaten somebody's career Yes. For taking a video in a public place. That's the SID fell into the trap where it's like, you're, you're not that guy, bro. Like Dan Hurley doing that. I kind of find him would be kind of funny. Yeah. The s yeah. The SI D's trying to basically become a duplicate of Dan Hurley. Yes. You can't, you actually have to be the opposite of Dan Hurley and be overly nice to people and clean up, you know, you know him yelling. Not just go even more Dan Hurley and be like, I'm gonna ruin your life. You gotta go good cop, bad cop. Right. Your job is just to be the most likable person ever. Right. Even if you don't like the journalist, you gotta be like, Hey, I know you're a great guy.


My job could be in trouble if that gets out. Yeah. Would you mind taking that down? Listen, do you want some front row seats? Yeah. You know, you wanna to get Rico Boscos phone number. I so yeah. The Dan Hurley thing that, because there, there was a lot of people crashing out about this on both sides. And I, I, I not shocking. I agreed with our original take that we don't care. I especially don't understand. So fans are one thing. If you hate Yuk Con Yes. You're gonna say Dan Hurley's a baby. Yep. And pick at that point because they've won. Especially if you're a Big East team. No problem with that. You can be like, I don't like Dan Hurley. That's fine with me. That's, that's part of sports. That's what makes it fun. Fans of Yukon. You gotta defend your guy. So those two sides, like great, great spot.


I don't understand when media people are mad about Dan Hurley winning and losing the right way when it's like he makes sports more interesting. That's been our original point. If your job is to talk about sports, I want more Dan Hurley's. I don't want people giving cliche answers. I want more Mick Cronin's. I want guys who have, you know, good or bad. Like some type of personality that is not just, you know, we're gonna do our best out there. We're gonna try our best. And if we don't win, we're gonna, we're gonna shake their hands and, and go on to the next one. Bobby Knight. Yeah. Bobby Knight was an asshole. Right? He was also a great coach. Jim Heim. Jim Heim, dickhead. I did also a great coach. The, I I think Dan Hurley, if you look at like the last year of Dan Hurley through the last Tournament, he was the story he gave people in the media a lot of stuff to talk about when he was deciding if he's gonna be the coach of the Lakers or whatever.


That whole span. Yep. He was leading all the news broadcast. He was leading every single sports show in America. What will Dan Hurley do? He makes your job so much easier. Right. If you're in the media, you should want guys like this around. I think that Dan Hurley goes over the line. But that's why you have an SID to pull that back and to apologize And say, I'm gonna ruin Your life. Not to draw more attention to it and be like, fuck you. Right. There also was like this idea that Dan Hurley has because he won. He is now acting more bombastic. That's just someone who doesn't know that Dan Hurley's been this guy for the whole time. He was a high school coach in doing this. He was screaming at people at, at Bryant or no Wagner at Rhode Island. Like, this is who he is and that's why he's good at his job.


But to re because he plays on that edge. To Reiterate what you said, if you're a fan of an, of a competing team, oh yeah. This Is, you should hate Dan Hurley. Right? Like, yes. He's a prick. Look out at how he's treating everybody. Lean all the way into that saying He's a dickhead. I'm not gonna disagree with Yeah. Saying he's like bad for the sport. That's just stupid To me. And interesting. 'cause like the, the sportsmanship stops at Little League. That's really what it is. Like when, when people are like, oh, you gotta win class. You gotta do the, that shit is not for high level college basketball, high level pro sports. I don't care. I want bad losers. I want people who are, who crash out when they lose. Show me a good loser. I'll show you a loser. But You know what I mean? But that's The thing. Like guys like me and Big Cat are, are good losers and there's a reason why we've never won a championship.


I'm a bad loser and I, I still haven't won a championship. But thi this is, and, and then I did see Jay Billis, our, our good friend, great friend, agree to disagree with him on many things. Said that, I think he said on the Dan Patrick show that that Coach k never like was a bad loser. Like this. This is, this was, I, I got this a few times being like, you would've criticized Coach K for this. There's a difference between Dan Hurley and Coach K and the di and Coach K would never do this publicly because Coach K pretended this, this sheen of I am the classiest guy in the world. Coach K was also a psycho addicting to addicted to winning. That's probably why he's the best coach of all time in college basketball. Yeah. I said that. And that's also why I hated him, because I knew deep down he was Dan Hurley.


He just did it in a different way. And he, he, he had the media all sucking him off and being like, man, he's so classy when he, when Coach K goes to Dylan Brooks in a, in a handshake line and says, you're better than that. That's him very upset When Coach K goes into an opposing team's locker room after a game it to talk to the players. Yes. That is being such a good loser. That you are the worst loser. Yes. That is, that is him as, as upset and as bad of a loser as possible. It just looks different. And he does it in a way where then he gets in front of everyone and says, I've just, you know, that was a moment where I had to teach the other kids. Dan Hurley just does it in a bombastic way and he wears it all on his sleeve. He, he is, he is all heart.


Like, I'm just going to yell and scream and do all these things. And If you're saying that this is ruining college basketball. And we did, there's been a lot of hand wringing. I think we took part in, in a little bit of hand wringing on Monday talking about is NIL ruining the Tournament from the Cinderella aspect? The ratings just came out. Big Cat. Oh yeah. And the best viewership since 1993. Wow. Averaging 9.4 million viewers throughout the second round. I want to, I I said it on Sunday. I would like to see more of a sample size before I say that all Cinderellas Cinderellas will never have a chance again. Yeah. I know that it ha this Tournament has not had Cinderellas, but we've had, and you know, obviously NI L's very new, but you know, last year, Jack ey beat in Kentucky, the NIL era was going on then.


So I, I wanna see it a couple more years before I say that college basketball is dead. And I, you know. Yeah. Would you like more, you know, games that are a little bit closer Of course, but I think we're gonna get some good games on Sweet 16 Weekend. Yeah. So Sunday in particular was up 13%. Yeah. So people are still watching. It's Dan Hurley effect, The Dan Hurley effect also maybe Duke, Probably Baylor was a big one. Kentucky being in Kentucky, Illinois. Yeah. Kentucky, Tennessee is gonna be a huge game. Big brands. Yes. It is funny you mentioned it, but on Sunday, Arkansas is the last Cinderella. Yeah. Coach Cal Crazy, right. Coach Cal is probably, it's Yeah. Oh, by the way, hand up Arkansas is a basketball school.


Had a lot of people ask say that, that we got that one wrong. I think that's fair. They say obviously they care a lot about football, but they have more tradition in basketball and they throw a lot of money at basketball. So, my bad Arkansas fans, I think that if Arkansas, they want to be a football school, But I think they're okay with being a basketball. They're fine with being a basketball school, but if they got really fucking good at football. Oh yeah. And they would just be like full SEC. Yeah. What were you gonna say? Match stance on the Mormons. What do you mean stance on They're still Mormons. Okay. They're Mormons. They're Mormons. Yeah. Yeah. No, the Mormons, the Mormons were, were upset that they weren't on one side. Okay. We, we had them rated correctly. Listen, I'm gonna be a Mormon on Thursday because I'm brooding for them to beat Bama. I don't know what you want me to say.


So yeah, they're still Mormons. Unless they don't. I'll tell you what, if BYU fans, if you wanna be put into a different category, you have to disavow Mormonism and then we'll take you out. Because Otherwise it's idolatry. Right. So otherwise you're worshiping something besides the Lord. So Yeah. You're still Mormons. Do you had Mormons getting mad at you, max? Is That Oh yeah. Mormons were mad. Well, it's actually a compliment. We're saying that you put your faith first. Right. Some of them were happy. They were like, oh, this must mean, this must mean that we're both football and basketball. No, You're Mormons. Mormons. There's, yeah, 20, you're 27 years old and you're in school and you look great because you've never touched alcohol.


I'm starting To think I'm honestly envi envious of Mormons Are BYU fans not going to class. That was as straightforward as it could be. BYU Mormons. That's what you guys are, that's not good or bad. I will, that's nothing. That's just, we're putting you in a camp. Mormons In solidarity with Mormon people. I will live my life as a Mormon on Thursday, if that's what it takes to have them beat Alabama. I will Do. Do you know what that I'll do it after nine 30. I'm gonna soak so hard on Thursday. No, you can't have, you can't have coffee. I'm not gonna have coffee. I'm not gonna have Caffeine. I am, I'm not gonna drink alcohol. I'm going to soak. What else? You can't, you can't fuck. I'll get married twice. But you can, you can't Be in a room with a woman, I don't think.


I think you can. We're just, we're just dig. We We're digging ourselves, digging Ourselves back into the Mormon hate. They're gonna Hate us. Be even more angry at us now. But again, The the point remains. We are rooting for you guys on on Thursday. I can, I can't drink coffee. Not, but I think I can do that thing where you go, you make your own drink out of like Dr. Pepper, heavy cream coffee creamer. The dirty sodas And sugar. Yeah. I'll make my own dirty soda in a, in a standup. We should, we should, we should do those for, for the game on Thursday. It's just a hundred percent sugar. Although, but it can't have caffeine. We have to get caffeine free Sodas. I think. I think some can, I think I'll go Diet Mormon. I think some are allowed to have caffeine. It is kind of Bullshit. No, I don't think any of them are allowed. I think, I think they're all caffeine free sodas. Swear Know. I, I think it depends on what the, that I'm noting the head guy does that whatever the Mormon of the month is that's running the religion at the time, they get to dictate ke Yeah.


Ke praise here. Ke ki that's a severance recap. Okay. By the way, opening day is Thursday and we're gonna have Jeff passing on Friday to talk baseball. Did you? We want to do quick. Who's gonna win? Just predictions that we can not remember unless one of us gets it. How we obviously do this every single year. I, I assume people are not new to PMT, we're listening right now. But we basically just say who's gonna win it all? And then if one of us is even remotely close, we're like, Hey memes, can you get that clip for me? Yeah. And then everyone else just ignores whatever our bad predictions were. Yep. So, yeah, that's, I'm gonna, my, my prediction is Dodgers win the World Series and they win 125 games.


Yeah. I mean that's, you like that their roster's incredible. You like that? I think it's gonna be pods Red Sox. I'm excited for Alex Bregman Padres Red Sox. Okay. Probably the most excited for a Red Sox season's gonna, I've been in in the years socks. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna, I mean, I want to take the Dodgers too. It's very chalky. But if you look at, you can't copy Me, But you, you just, you purposely said it first that nobody else could say you take it, you can take it. The Dodgers are gonna win the World Series. That's just it. Yeah. That's it. Fast forward to October. Congrats to the Dodgers. You won again. Magic Johnson, one of the best owners in sports. I'm going to say Dodgers in five games over is very important.


They're gonna beat the Red Sox. Mm. I guess I didn't say an A team. I'm gonna say Dodgers over to Rangers Classic And Dodgers win 125. Actually no Dodgers over Phillies. Well, Hank doesn't respect show Hat. Oh, stupid me. That's clear. Phillies, Our, they're both of those teams are Oh yeah. Phillies. Yeah. Yeah. Dodgers over Rangers. What? I said Dodgers over Phillies. The NLCS. There you go. Dodgers over Rangers in the, in the World Series. I think the Washington Nationals are going to sneaky compete for a wild card spot. Ooh, Sneak. That's my, that's my wild prediction. They won't, they won't be out of it in September. The NLS pretty loaded. Na Nats are Nats are gonna be good though. Yeah, That's good.


Young guys. Yeah. Okay. What's your prediction, max? I'm gonna go Phillies over the A's. Oh, in the AAL as are gonna make a run be. I know. Which would be so disappointing that it happens in Sacramento. There's no chance. But that, but it's fun. But it's fun. It is fun. That was very Fun. Meme. Who? You got Mets over the tigers. Whoa. What do you mean? Whoa. Tigers? Yeah. Tiger. I see the tigers. S sc Scobel, Cy Young Praise s Scuba. Are you, you pumped about Soto? Yeah. Fired up Memes. What happened with the Islanders last night? This is, it was, I saw you tweet about it. I really wanted to have access to the, Pardon My Take Twitter in that moment to tweet some memes about you. It was probably the worst call in NHL history.


Oh. They called goalie interference. Even though the goalie reestablished himself. Islanders scored with nine seconds left wood got two points over the Columbus blue jackets, both fighting for a wild card spot to play the capitals. And we got absolutely hosed. Ended up losing in a shootout and lost one point. Mm. I was heartbroken Memes. I'm Heartbroken just listening to That. I saw the, I saw the replay. It didn't even look like he was in the crease. His body might have been in the crease, but his skates looked like they were outside. Right? Yeah. I mean he, he was in for a second, but the goalie was able to reestablish, reestablish himself. It just didn't make any sense. Mm. Brutal. So now are you guys, you guys are fighting for the last playoff spot?


Yeah. We're fighting. Fighting hard. Fighting real hard. I can't wait for playoffs. Me too. Very excited. If you agree with Big Cat and PFT about the Dodgers, you could bet any or most regular season wins by any team over 1 0 6 and a half for plus one 50. I think they'll get there on the track. Two quick Two. Yeah. Yeah. It's basically, it's kind of a, a gut check. Heart check Dodgers. You want it, you want it enough. You have the talent, you want it enough. Go get it. Okay. So we did Miss Jamis to the Giants that rocks. I don't know if he will be QB one. I think they're still shopping. I think they're still shopping and looking around.


If they draft a quarterback then I think Jamis would probably be QB one going into the season. Yeah. We gotta figure out what we're doing with the song. Yeah. Jamis, I, I have two options that I've thought about. Okay. Standing on a corner. Jamis, Winston and Hoboken. Okay. Standing on the corner. Jamis Winston down in Soho. Soho flows a little bit better. Hmm. But they play in Jersey. I know they practice in Jersey. This is Big James Santa or James West Santa. What about Sopranos And Sat Halls? Atch SATs Down in the Meadow Land.


There You go. Going Jamis Winson in the Meadow. LANs. I don't know if this, I I like where your head's at. Yeah, No wrong answer. We'll, we'll think about it. Mall Of America? No. Or what is this called? What's that mall? Oh, the one that has like the water slides and the ski thing. Yeah. Right across from the, from the stadium. It's something Amazing, isn't It Mall of America? No, that's Minnesota. Minneapolis Mo. I don't know what it is. Oh, American Dream. Yeah. Yeah. American Dream. That mall's crazy. So yeah, it looks like right now we have musical chairs going on. Aaron Rogers spent Friday at the Pittsburgh facility. I he is going to also go visit the Giants.


There was a report out there, which is very funny, that Aaron Rogers, I think Albert Breer had this. He, he said that I've heard Rogers is looking for a culture such as the one in Green Bay. Okay. Which is so funny. That's spends two years with the Jets and he immediately is like, damn, I didn't know what I had. He's looking for Green Bay. Yeah. He, he wants to go. He's like, I fucked up. I Want to go. Yeah. I want, take me back please. Yeah. There's no other culture like Green Bay in the NFL Steelers Would be, would be closest in terms of like, you know, consistently in the picture, long, you know, history, all that stuff. I, I tweeted this out on Friday, but I firmly believe it. This is a good window into Aaron Rogers and the kind of guy that he is.


Yeah. He spent six hours, he took up six hours of NCAA Tournament Friday meeting with the other coaches on the Pittsburgh Steelers. Like the entire head of the coaching staff, the big guys. That's a selfish move. Yeah. That of all days tells me Aaron Rogers only cares about himself. Yeah. There there's also a very funny article on Pro Football talk, which is talking, I think it's in reference to a different article here. But basically there was a, an article in Pittsburgh about the fan backlash to Aaron Rogers and whether or not the fans will appreciate Aaron Rogers in Pittsburgh. And it was just kind of letters and emails from Steelers fans.


Okay, this is a good one. My 81-year-old father said that if Aaron Rogers comes to the Steelers, he will ruin the heart and soul of the team and it will never be the same again. Whoa. Maybe that's a bit dramatic. But he is talking about the honor of player should feel for the privilege of donning a Steeler uniform and representing a team that has a history that is intertwined with the citizens of Pittsburgh. Whoa. I don't, I don't necessarily disagree. Yeah. Ruin it forever. It will never be the same. He could, it might not ever be the same after having Aaron Rogers for one year. I, I, yeah, I don't totally disagree either because Aaron Rogers it will become the Pittsburgh Aaron Rogers, not the Pittsburgh Steelers. Yeah. I I still think he's gonna go to Pittsburgh though.


I do too. If we get to the draft and Aaron Rogers still hasn't made up his mind. And then he calls the Vikings and he says, I've thought about it. I'd like to come play in Minnesota. Do you think they No. Do they take that call? I don't think so. I think they're in on JJ McCarthy. And then we have Kirk Cousins who also, he could be a Steeler, he could be a brown. He's waiting 'cause he doesn't want to go somewhere and then have the team draft a quarterback in the first round and then just repeat what just happened this Past year. Yeah. Learned his lesson the hard way. So he has a no trade clause and so I, the reports are he might wait until after the draft to fully make sure, because I do think that if he does it, if he gets traded before the draft, it will just happen Again.


So I actually don't, I don't hate the fit for Jamis in New York. No. He's gonna throw a million deep balls to Malik neighbors. It's gonna be fun. Yeah. And, and yeah. I mean the Jets, are you a little jealous? Memes extremely jealous. Yeah. Jamis in New York is gonna be a good time. I actually also think the Giants are gonna be sneaky team next year. They have like some, they have some good players and aren't that far away from being not a bad team. That Jameis might take him over the top. Yeah. I I I am devastated that he's in my division. Yeah. Devastated. Yeah, That does suck. You have to watch that. Watch him have so much fun. Yeah. Okay. Breaking moves.


Breaking moves. If you're watching the YouTube right now, you can see that we're no longer sitting in studio next to each other. We are all at Home. Hank's in his car and it's 6:45 PM and Russell Wilson is officially a giant and Stefan Diggs is officially a Patriot. Bang Bang was eating dinner with my family and the news came down. We'll start with Russ. I'm bummed for Jameis and I also think this might be if, if NFL films can figure out a way, I need a full documentary on this entire season because the Giants QB room now is Russell Wilson, Jamis Winson and Tommy DeVito. That's great. And I have to watch.


That's it's great. Yeah. Big Cat. The what off season, I guess we should say. Like what? Off season to the off season. It broke. Everyone thought that it was gonna happen days ago that we get some news about Russell or about, or about digs. Turns out they happened within like 10 minutes of each other. Russell Wilson to the Giants to me feels like a wife move. Yeah. Do you agree? Yeah. Was this Sierra? Sierra was like, Hey, I, I want, I lived in Pittsburgh, I went to Denver for you. Let's do something for me. It's my turn. Now Listen, I know that Russell Wilson, statistically is probably a better quarterback than Jamis Winston. If you're the Giants, Jamis has a a ceiling.


Russell Wilson does not. He has, Russell Wilson might have a higher floor. He might not throw as many picks, but that's pro part of the problem with Russell's doesn't take any risks. He doesn't throw the ball except for check downs and down the field along the sideline. I would be bummed if Russel Wilson gets the QB one job coming outta camp. Just from a, like, if you're enjoying football sense. And I also think that if Russell Wilson plays the whole year, the Giants are destined for six wins. And if Jamis Winson plays the whole year, the Giants are destined for four to 12. So this is, it is interesting 'cause like with those two quarterbacks, they couldn't be any more dissimilar.


I think that's the right word. Like Russ, if Russ was his starting job, he's gonna go out there. He is gonna bum me out. But the thing is, after like two weeks of Russ bumming you out, you're gonna want Jamis playing quarterback. So what they should do is give the starting job to Jamis and say it's his to lose. And then they bring Russ in. He kind of stables things. He makes things nice and quiet. And then after maybe like three or four weeks, he starts to bum you out. Then you go back to Jamis. That's the prescription for the season. Sprinkle in some Tommy DeVito. Some Tommy DeVito. Yeah. Yeah. You've got, yeah, like actually the guy that is unlimited in this situation is Jamis. They, they should honestly do, if you're Brian DaBell, you're gonna get fired no matter what.


Probably. Right. Like it's probably, it's probably gonna happen this year. It's probably not gonna be a great year. I, I do think the Giants are better than people realize. But why wouldn't you just do, like if I were Brian DaBell, I would, I would quite literally just ride the hot hand series to series. If you get, if you, if if if it's a punt or a turnover, next guy up, touchdown. He stays in. I, I I understand the sentiment. I think that Jamis going through training camp, the boys are gonna be fired up to have Jamis playing quarterback Week one Don't, don't get it Twisted. Jamis should be the starting quarterback week one. It might not go well guess what? It's not gonna happen though. It's gonna be Russ. They're paying him more money.


I know, but it should be Jamis that way you can go to Russ, go to the safe guy bringing his stepdad, have him come in, mellow things out and then you switch back to Jamis. But I could, yeah, just go with the hot hand whatever. Brian Dbol, I think if you look at these quarterbacks that they have, the three cubies have got in that room that is a pre-fire head coach. A hundred percent. Yeah. Like if that, if those three guys are your plan, I was thinking maybe they get Jamis and then they draft someone and then they bring that guy along slowly. Then DaBell could do the thing where he is like, okay, we're gonna start him after week seven. He shows some promise. Keep me around so that I can develop this guy in the future. I don't know if that's gonna happen anymore. It feels like they're not gonna go quarterback.


They still might, who knows. Weird things have happened. Yeah. But the way that it looks right now, Brian DaBell, you're gonna be a great offensive coordinator somewhere. I I am also excited for, I was, you know, we, we we're putting this in the middle of the show because we already taped And we talked about Jamis being QB one. So people probably listen to that part and they're like, Hey, wait a second, Russ just signed. So here we are talking about Russ. I'm excited for Russell Wilson to get absolutely killed by the New York media and watch him try to handle that because he will handle it the way he handles everything. He'll just be like, God is great and positive thinking and the guys in the locker room have my back. But that will be part of the show.


Like I'm, I, that is the one part, if we can't get Jamis to full season, at least Russ versus the New York media will be fun. Yeah. Have you, did you notice, did you watch any of the hard knocks of the in season stuff last year with Russ Wilson on the Steelers? Yeah. He, he sometimes talks like Jamis, like the words are the same, but he doesn't believe them. No. The difference is Jamis believes the Jamis words Russ is just like an AI transcript. Like a voiceover Yeah. Of a Jamis Winston sound clip. And I, it it's gonna be a very, very weird quarterback room. Yeah. Alright. And then the other one, Stefan digs to the Patriots. Hank you wanted this right? Yeah, it's exciting. We obviously, we definitely needed help at Wide receiver.


He's a super talented, wide receiver, kind of a kind of a head case. But even in the, the 10 minutes I had to process this, it's good, it's good reps for Drake may like, you know, you're a second year qb, you got a diva wide receiver. Like that's something every quarterback has to go through. And I don't think people are expecting two two, like I think the playoffs would be a successful season for the Patriots. And I think step on days can help you get there. I don't think he's a long-term solution. I don't think he's gonna be like a, a New England legend forever. But he's talented. We needed help at wide receiver and so I'm excited. I I like that take though that it's providing him with mental reps of dealing with a problem wide receiver that he's gonna have to deal with in the future at some point.


Yeah. That's Got, right, that's, but that's true, right? Like, if you're gonna be a great team, you gotta have a stud slash kind of a diva wide receiver. But the the real thing is it, it's someone he can throw to which you need someone who can catch the ball. Right. And that's, that actually is like, that's good for a young quarterback. But yeah, I do like that spin as well being like more than, more than someone who can catch the ball. He's going to get a PhD in dealing with a diva wide receiver. Yeah. He's gonna, man he's gonna fall in love with Joe Milton's arm. He's gonna be like, this reminds me of Josh. Alright. And then, I mean, Roger's gonna be a Steeler, right? That's what it feels like at this point.


Right? Like Steeler Brown, Not a brown. I don't think he's gonna be a brown. He wants some place that's like the culture of Green Bay weather wise. I don't think, I don't think he's gonna be a brown. I'd be shocked if he was a brown. I it would be, it would be funny. But yeah, he's, he, I think he's gonna be a Steeler. I think Kirk Cousins might be a brown maybe. Yeah. But yeah, it feels like the QB carousel is slowing down. And then Titans take Cam Moore. Did you guys see Cam Moore throw the ball like 300 yards? Yeah, it was sick. That Was so sick That there was that takeaway from Prote. And then there was the Alex repo 40 yard dash time from Miami's Pro Day. Did you see what he ran?


Yeah. He tweaked something. Yeah, he ran a four Eight. He said he tweak Something. He ran a four eight and speed isn't everything. I guess they're gonna look at the tape. Our good friend Arian Foster ran like a 4, 7 5 at his pro day and he had like a tweak cams string. He was pretty good when he put the pads on. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, this is, I hope there's no more news coming tonight. I mean, let's just say it if ro if Rogers is a Steeler, they might be. Okay. Why Don't be the first, we can be the first to report it. Aaron Rogers is a Steeler. I think he'll be better than Russ Wilson. Should I text him and ask him just Steeler's question mark. Yeah, This is, every text that I text have ever texted him has felt like the last text ever.


That he'll, well, he doesn't respond to basically any of 'em. So, all right. I've sent it. Steelers question mark. What do you, what do you think his response is? I feel like it might be emphasized. No response. The on the last time he responded was July 9th when we were interviewing at Tahoe. And I just said, we're set up at the clubhouse. He said, I'll be over soon. Okay. All right. I was, and then there's just the, there's just nothing. There's just nothing. So maybe, I mean, now that we have the JFK assassination stuff, maybe we'll, we'll have a conversation with him this, this summer. I I feel like he's probably booked up for the next six months reviewing those documents.


That's True. That's true. Okay, let's kick it back to ourselves. Good job. Good live. We haven't done a live break in a while. Feels good to be back on this. So what were you guys doing? What was the routine? When the news broke, I was, I was making hot dogs for my kids' dinner and then it happened and yeah, that was about it. Hank What were you doing? You know, I like to get my private life private outside, outside of the show and I would appreciate it if you guys would, would respect. What's that in Your back seat? That's my gym bag. Oh, That's your gym bag. Oh, okay. What about, there's a lot of trees. Are you out in the forest somewhere?


Yeah, that's my gym bag. That's your gym bag? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. There are a lot of trees where you are. Yeah, you know, I'm, I like to, I like to get out and get some nature under my feet. Some nature under your feet. Ground yourself. That's a really nice Exercise. I was exercising, I was exercising in, in nature. The ball marker's still on your hat. If you, if you by the way, if you must know, if you must know, Hey, your ball marker's still on your hat Again. Like, you know what work ends and it's like, I don't, I don't, I don't judge or criticize you for what you do outside of work. I, I was here. We, we said we're gonna record and I'm here. That would be, were Funny though. Were if, if you criticize Big Cat for making dinner for his family. Yeah, yeah. No, you and Hank you credit to you.


You're like, I'm ready to go. Yeah, I left, I left the eighth tee box. Oh, you were golfing Again? Private life. Private. Like I would, I would respect some privacy, but that's fine. If, if, you guys must, must know. Okay. Okay. Alright, let's kick it back to ourselves. Keep going with the show. Okay. Any other stories? Oh, Juju. Juju. Juju. Watkins Tore ACL. That Sucked a Lot. Did suck. She's awesome. We're talking Women's College Hoop Inc. She's the best player. Her and, and Paige, They play ball too. They got next. She is, she's like Carmelo.


She's, she's woman. Carmelo. So she gets hurt and then I think the odds drop from what, seven to one, eight to one for USC. Now they're like 25 to one. Maybe Ewing theory, maybe Juju Theory. Mm. I don't know. It does suck though. She's so much fun to watch Ju Jewish Conspiracy. Maybe she, maybe now it's time to bet on the Trojans. Yeah, This is the Jane Daniels mom Hex. Oh, That's me and Hank. Oh Wow. I didn't even think about that. I'm asking questions. Well, I got concerned. We Never talked about this. I saw, I asked PFT to do some research. I don't know if you, you got to the bottom of it. I did do some research. There's rumors that their cousins, it might be cousins if their families are close. It might be cousins actually in the literal term. But there was a picture that went viral of Jayden Daniels sitting next to Juju Watkins on the sidelines at the NCAA Tournament.


And they looked to be having a good time. And then a later picture came out, I assume that Jayden's mom saw him sitting next to a girl, which violates the core no girl philosophy that they have. And she came and sat in between them, chaperoning them on a date. I don't know if they're cousins. Don't know if they're more than cousins. I don't know what's going on. I just know that if the two of them were to ever procreate, I would like to immediately draft that baby. Okay. Into whatever sport. But, but she was hanging out and then tore the ACL hanging out toward the ACL. Are you put it, it sounds like you're wishing an injury on Jayden right now. No, I'm just wondering like at what point, you know, d does the mom let the son just live his life?


Yeah. No girls. You gotta have girls at some point. No girls. I don't know Hank, I don't know it. That might be her niece. Like It's getting a little weird. No, PFT was showing everyone the picture. Like it was like, he's like, look at this. Well, I showed Big Cat, it's gonna happen. I showed Big Cat, but then the mom came and, and just, and just ruined, ruined It. I didn't see, yeah, I didn't see the mom thing till after It was, you know, the, the video of Rihanna and I forget who the actor was at MSG and it's Rihanna, the actor's son and then the actor and then, you know, they cut to the camera 20 minutes later and the actor switched seats with his son and it was like Mackin on Rihanna. Yeah, that's what it was like. Reverse. Except Jane Daniel's mom. It Was a big Italian mom move. Yeah.


No girls. You gotta let him have some girls. No girls. That's crazy. No girls. That's crazy. I'm sure that they have a good Hank all you're going off of is like a second and a half clip. And it sounds, it sounds to me like you're wishing a severe injury on James. I'm Not, I'm asking questions. There's nothing to do with the injury. I'm just asking like You said Jayden's, is it the Jaden Daniel's mom, hex? Yeah. Well it's like she clearly does not like her. If she's trying to sit in between him and not let him live her life. Maybe. Maybe she knows something you don't know. Maybe, I guess. Okay. Any other stories that we missed? We are in that kind of dull waiting for NBA and and NHN Playoffs.


What? That's who it was. Ethan Hawk and Rihanna. Ethan Hawk. Do we have any other, oh, is Jason hit him? Okay. Yeah, He he rolled his ankle. He's rolled his ankle before. Okay. I was just wondering. He'll be good. Saboni. That was kind of dirty by him. Very dirty. Yeah. Jumping on, not jumping under him, but getting in his landing spot. He knows what he is doing. Polls just keep winning and I don't know, they, they're just going to get in the playing game. They're doing the, they're doing the Jerry reins Rof. They're like making sure they get to exactly 38 wins. Yeah. And Kobe White has been awesome and Booles is a good draft pick, but it's just such a, he's got you right where he, he's just got us again right by right where we want him.


Right where he wants us in that they're competing for a play-in game at the end of, you know, March, early April. That's exactly what he wants. And it's gonna ruin everything. Yeah. I mean at this point it's too far that they, they couldn't, even if they lost out, it's like their draft pick wouldn't be bad. So it's like, I guess just root for the young guys. But then when you say, I guess just root for the young guys and they are playing a lot of fun. They're shooting a lot of threes playing. Josh. Josh, your boy Josh. Giddy having a time too. He's good. He, but they're playing fun basketball. But he got us again because you're like, I found myself watching and being like, man, they're fun to play. They're fun to watch. That's exactly what he wants. What are you pulling up? Draft. Oh, watch the number, number one pick draft Lottery simulator. Yeah.


Big man Cooper Flag. Love that man. You love That big man. I mean, the Celtics know how to take care of a big man with an ankle injury. Jason Taylor Bounces back. Oh, alright. Sim it sim it 10 times. That was a bad lottery for me. Miami just won the lottery sim. So that's one time. Sim it 10 times. Let's see, let's see who if, how many times Washington's gonna get it That there's Washington number two. Nice. I like that. That's Huge. Again, Miami again. Miami again. It feels like Miami. We can't get the eight Focus on the top pick. We don't care. Yes. Oh wow. Sixers And the balls too. Yeah. Wow. All right. That's a, that's a good looking Lata right there. Okay. Brooklyn. Dammit for you.


Utah. Hank can you please focus? We're we're doing the draft tour Utah again. Utah. Again. Mormon Magic. I know you don't care, but you should care. Miami. Miami. I don't care This I don't, I I I'm also not keeping track of how many times we've done this. No, I, I haven't either. This Like, but yeah. There you Go. I'll take that. PFD You'll take second. I'll, I'll take that. Oh wow. Do you handshake? Deal Handshake. I'll Handshake. I'll handshake that right now. Me too. That's huge. Who do you want Ruck One of the Rutgers guys. A Bailey, Washington again. War Harper Do Again Miami. Alright. This is The last one. This is the last and final one though.


Saw we a lot of Miami Last and final one. Miami I feel like was every time. Yeah. Toronto. Toronto. That was bad for both. This is bad for all 0%. It goes to Toronto. Yeah. 0%. Yeah. Okay. Zero. It's gonna, I I feel like it's gonna be Miami now. Yeah, That was a lot of Miami. They just reload a lot of Miami. Okay. Should we do, let's do quickly. We have to do pick for Thursday and Friday together as a team. We haven't been doing well. Okay. We gotta we gotta pick a winner here as a team. We have not been doing well


DraftKings when it comes to college basketball. March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets. Buzzer beaters. Cinderella is advancing Top seeds going home early. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with DraftKings Sportsbook. Everyone's sweating it out. Except you. DraftKings is offering all customers a no sweat parlay every single day. How does it work? Opt in place a bet on any eligible parlay. If your bet doesn't hit you, get a bonus bet back the amount of your original bet. So bet the unexpected Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take to get a no sweat parlay every single day. Only on DraftKings A crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Boydton, Ontario eligibility and wagering restrictions apply. Opt in to get one. No sweat bet. No sweat. Bonus bet issued an amount of losing qualifying bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Maximum reward and qualifying bet criteria vary for additional terms or responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio


right? Thursday, Thursday. Thursday. Thursday. We can't bet against Maryland 'cause we're about to talk to SVP. Agreed. I wanna bet on Maryland. You wanna bet on Maryland. Okay with the points Maryland plus six and a half. I also would like to bet the over in BYU Alabama. I know it's very high, but that should be fun. Although Alabama can't hit threes. I shoot a lot. I wanted to, I wanted to bet on BYU. Okay, so then let's do BYU Maryland and then let's take the over in Arizona, duke. Okay Instead. Kleb Love just go off. I like it. I like that a lot. He wanted, he wanted Duke, he wanted the way that he played at the end of that camp. Did you see the clip of where he almost, can you try to find it after the game?


Kleb love. Great job by him because he wanted to talk some real shit about Duke in a bulletin board moment and you could see him catch himself in real time being like, why don't I not do this? Yeah, It's good. Can you find that Max Max is, he's he's pulling it up. Kill love post game. Okay. On Friday night. There it is. That's the clip right there. Watch this clip play from the beginning Six 16 against a very familiar fo that you played earlier this year. They beat you in Tucson and you know them very well from your time in North Carolina. Duke, how do you beat 'em?


Hey, I didn't say he was just thinking there For a second. Like, ah, I wanna say so much shit right now. He like, he yelled at himself, he goes, Hey, hey, hey. Like, that's, that's a sound that I make when, when Blake is about to get into the trash. Hey, hey, hey. He did that to himself. That's a very good moment for him. That's great. Good recognition, Caleb. Great Recognition. Yeah, it'd be so fun if he just went off. I think Duke's gonna win it all though. Yeah, I'm pretty, I'm pretty set in that thought. I mean, winning, winning a, a second round game by the way they did against Baylor. Just not competitive. Alright. The Friday games, what are we thinking? Two, two big time March coaches and IZO versus Chris Beard.


I actually have a stat for it from our friend Chris Fika. He, he, he had some nuggets and here it is. So I think Michigan state's favored by two and a half right now on DraftKings six. Or let's see, lemme see this. Since 2 20 18 there have been five instances of a two seed favored by three points or fewer. In the sweet 16. Two seeds have lost four of those five games. Hmm. But here's the crazy part. Two of those four wins for the lower seed or the higher seed. Were crisp beard. So Chris Beard has taken down two, two seeds in this exact situation of being favored or, or underdog of three or less.


IZO is also a very good coach. Izo iss also a very good coach. And also Michigan State. I think Michigan State like is a team reading everything from them. They might, they might refuse to leave the floor if they lose this game. They want to win so bad. Yeah. Okay. We, we can pass on this game. I, I don, I like Ole Miss. You like Ole Miss. Okay. I don't have a good read on it. I like Tennessee minus four and a half. Okay. They've lost twice to Kentucky this year in their favorite. I see. See Lanier's has been playing so good in this Tournament. I kinda wish that this game had happened sooner. Yeah. In Tennessee. If this game was scheduled for, for Monday, I feel like Tennessee rolls but I don't know. He's been so hot.


I like Tennessee too. Fuck it. Okay. And then I like, I like Michigan. I like Michigan. Nine and a half is a lot of points. I love Houston. I think Houston's going to dominate Purdue. I said something nice about Purdue someday this might say something mean about Purdue. You're gonna get your fucking ass kicked. Alright, so lemme Switch. Lemme switch Ole Miss to Houston. I I like that more too. Okay. Alright, So, so you wanna Tennessee. Tennessee. Michigan. Michigan, Houston. That's good. Two favorites in a dog. Yeah. I'm excited for the college basketball to get back. It was, it was a tough Monday night just watching White Lotus. Ew, Ew, Ew. That's our white Lotus Recap. They say it ties to no spoilers. Kissing Your sister. Ew. Ew. Okay. Should we do Hot Seat Cool throne And then get to our good friend Scott Van Pelt.


Hot Seat. Cool Throne is brought to you by our friends at Gametime. The best part about college basketball is here. And we know you're as excited as we are to watch some big upsets throughout the Tournament. Hey, can you look up tickets to the Houston Purdue game in Indianapolis? Sure. While we're streaming the cave, you can get out to see the action in person with Gametime, the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports Gametime makes getting tickets faster and easier. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets to Showtime. Plus a Gametime picks feature makes it even easier to find the great deals on the seats you want. You can even find last minute tickets for the Tournament for up to 60% off quickly and easily. Just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you on your Gametime app homepage. Looking at tickets for Purdue versus Houston. Weird layout. They're in the, yeah, Lucas Oil, but half of Lucas Oil Sideways. Yeah, kinda like the AAU Tournament vibes you can get in the building for $229. Okay, that's $229. Go to the regional in Indianapolis. So right now with Gametime, they got great curated deals for all tiers of tickets and you know you're getting the top options when you, you see the Super Deal icon. What are you waiting for by those tickets to Purdue versus Houston on Friday night with Gametime picks. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Hey dude. Game days just got better with the Hey dude. MLB collection. These stylish and comfortable shoes are perfect for wearing in the stadium or clubhouse. The Hey dude. MLB collection is the ultimate dream collab designed for everyone who lives in breathes baseball, featuring embroidered team details. A baseball stitched teel and a green footbed. These shoes are a must have for every game day day. These shoes are the perfect mix of comfort and ballpark style. I love my hey dudes also great, great summer shoe. I wore them when I was on vacation in February. Great. By the, like at a, at a beach, at a pool. You can just slip 'em right on. Great dog walking shoes as well. Like I have them at my, in my front entryway. Slip 'em on when I have to take Stella out. Hey dude. Very comfortable shoes. And so they have the new MLB collection. Hey dude. Times MLB collection for Astros, Braves Cubs, Dodgers, Rangers, red Sox, and the Yankee fans. Head to Hey dude.com to get your pair today. Baseball's back and Hey dudes. Gotcha. So again, Astros, Braves Cubs, Dodgers, rangers, red Sox and Yankees fans. Head to hey dude.com to get your pair


Henry Hot Seat. Cool. Throw My Hot Seat. Is Steph Curry? Yes. This is bad. It makes, I mean, it, it was too good to be true. It always is. There was a viral video a few nights ago. It was during, over the weekend I think Steph Curry. It was beyond a full court shot. He was basically in the tunnel. Yeah. And he turned around, threw it to the other end of the court and the ball went in. There was multiple angles Celebrated. Super viral shimmy. Everyone celebrated. It looked like the LeBron power raid commercial from back in the day when he was just taking step backs and step backs and setbacks. Clearly fake. But this one you could see the ball the whole time. And, and in my head I was like, I know this is fake, but I can't see where.


But everyone you know, was talking about like, it was real comes out Monday. The video was fake. He did not make it in it, basically. It wasn't a fake video. I don't know. 'cause the video, that's the video that they showed showing it wasn't real. They haven't showed the fans celebrating. Everyone's celebrated like it was real. Yeah, because so he, he shot it from such a long distance away and it looked like it went in. They celebrated 'cause they thought that it went in. We only saw that angle. It was a polar Swish. Then the new Yeah. Parallax angle. Then the new camera angle came out and he missed it short. Yeah, it hit the net. Yeah, but it didn't go in. So if you're at the other end, you think it went in. They showed that to us. We were lied to. So it was a real video.


He just never made the basket. Just never made it. You thought it was like a planned video? I still think it might be. Jury's not out. You think he, the beforehand they're like, Hey, let's plan this video out and hope no one takes the video of him actually missing. So Then you think the video from the closer angle is also fake? I think it's just he did this and if you're looking from this angle from behind him, it looks like he hit it. Yes. Because he the net moved. Yeah. Wouldn't that be an easy explanation? No. 'cause there was a second angle. I'm trying to find it. There was a second angle. What am I Missing Here? Yeah, no, this is exactly what happened. Yeah. Memes is raising his hand. Yes ma'am.


Sorry. The original video was cut short. You hear the celebration and then it makes it seem like he made it. But there's another video where he knows he missed it and goes, it was This close. Ah. So, okay. All right. Okay. So The original viral post made it seem like he made it Stay woke. KI like that You always got your guard up. Oh, got you. Have to. But He does, he does like a little shimmy. Right. He kind of celebrates it. See he does like a little pose, But then he does the, just so close the the so close. Yeah. Either way. Steph Curry has a cannon. Yeah. That's So far. Because You do that shot all the time when we finish recording late full court.


Yeah. And our ceilings are low, so sometimes I hit the ceiling. But that's At least, and you miss you, you don't even get it to the rim like half the time. 60 Yards farther. Well, yeah, you have to deal with a, a low ceiling, but, But still it's not even a full, it's like a high school gym and you still don't even get it. Well, no, I do. I just hit the ceiling. I could get it there easily. Well, I mean, I've seen a lot of times where you don't even get it there because I have to Deal with the ceiling. Oh. But it doesn't get there. Right. 'cause of the ceiling. You, You lay up when you throw a full, you try to throw the ball 70 feet and you don't get it there feet a lot of the time. 84 feet. And you don't get it there a lot of the time. I can get it there whenever I want. Yeah. Yeah. You sure? Yeah.


How many shots do you think it would take you to make this shot? Go get it there right now. Right this second. Yeah. Go get it there right now. I'll film you. Yeah. He'll film you and put it into the thing. This is a lot of, there's a lot of pressure. It's gonna be sweet. We'll filibuster. All right. So you go Get it there. Here's What's gonna happen. He's gonna hit the ceiling. 'cause he's gonna be so juiced up In some way. He's gonna fail and then, and then having a crazy excuse of why we're the assholes. I'm gonna get it there. Big cat's talking all this shit. He doesn't think I'm strong. I'm gonna be so strong. I'm Gonna get It there. It's gonna break a light. You're getting there. That's my call actually. Broken light. Yeah, Shadow. Oh, broken light would Be great. Speaking of, of broken lights so that the caps just resigned Chi Okay. To an eight year deal.


Okay. He is an anti light bulb guy. What does That mean? He doesn't have light bulbs in his house. Is He Polish? He can't, he didn't know how to Put 'em in. No, he, he thinks that light bulbs are bad for you. Mm. So he, he's got just beeswax candles all around his house. So He's just waiting. And I don't want this to happen. I'm just saying he's just waiting to burn Down his house. Burn down his house. Yeah. It's a, that's gonna happen. It's a mistake waiting to happen. But yeah, he's, he's one of the anti UV guys. I didn't know those guys existed. Anti light bulbs. That's, That's the guy from Better call Saul the Bro. Yeah. Where's just, yeah, the tinfoil everywhere. The tinfoil and the, yeah. Puts everything inside a box outside Anti light bulbs. That's a New one. That is kind of crazy, right?


Aaron Rogers might become an anti light bulb guy. Yeah. And then everyone might become an anti light Bulb guy. Yeah. Just crystals. I just have crystals and candles in my house. Anti light bulb. I've heard a lot of anti, like, everything. I saw someone the other day was like, Cheetos shouldn't exist. That's bad, bad take. I was Like, what the fuck Man? Man, bad take. He's one of those guys that's like, if it's not found, if that color isn't found in nature, it shouldn't be all my food. Yeah. All the neon colors are delicious on food. How about also you can just, it everyone can do what they want. Yeah. Make Cheetos. You don't have to eat Cheetos. Yeah. Other people can. Did you make it? I almost Oh, oh, Almost. Oh, he gave the Steph Curry clothes. He gave the Steph Curry. You almost made it. What is Hank, what is Hank doing?


Max doing? Max is getting like some sort of Dude what did he just give you? Oh, he gave you a sandwich. He gave you a sandwich with nothing. You, you went out to take a shot And then you got an egg sandwich when you came back. What just happened? And I Was like, wait, hold on, lemme give you the sandwich right now. Well you said You were hungry. You were like, I need that right now. Okay. What happened with the shot? The first one? He did not make it there. The second one. Wait, I wanna go see the video. Put it up there. No DM it too. I Made it there. It was just to the left. Sounds like you didn't make It. I had the No, I absolutely made it there. Why did you gimme this fucking egg sandwich? Like what am I, what am I gonna do with this right Now? Factor fiction. Did you say I need that so bad?


Yeah, But like I don't, I I I want to eat it. I can't. That is a wild movie to just hand him a sandwich. Love was in a competitor's packaging and I didn't want the competitor's packaging In there. Okay. That's fair. No free ads. I like that. The sandwich is from the ringer. Take a bite of the sandwich. Yeah. Take a bite. Take a fucking punch. You wanna take a bite? If You're not gonna eat that sandwich, I'm gonna eat that sandwich. Lemme get a bite of that sandwich. Thank you. Fuck right. Did you miss You want a whack of it? Yeah, I'll take a whack of it. I also accidentally I did, I did a a first order, sent it to my apartment. Oh, We've all been there. Huh?


Boys Just eating sandwiches together. Oh no, there's egg on the couch. I missed it short to the left. Alright, do you have the video? I got distracted That there was one thing you had to do. How you could just traffic because Food Got involved. Well, we started talking about the food. I Thought, yeah, food got involved and Max's priorities shifted. Who got involved? And Max was like, I have to get involved in this conversation. Kind of. Well, I was part of the conversation. I was Oh, Hank what happened there Outside? You were Short. No, I was, I was just to the left on the first one and then the second one hit the, So you can get it there anytime you want. Yeah.


The second one hit the square. So do you say you have the, the same arm strength as Steph Curry? No. 'cause that video is probably twice the length. Yeah, That was my takeaway from the video is he has an absolute Cannon Cannons, Pelosi Cannons. Okay. What, while Max we Wait. It says sending, I don't know what on my phone it says sending. So it, it hasn't sent yet. Okay. Oh, there it is. There. It's, we got it all right. Here it is. Hank's first attempt. He throws it. Did not get it there. Did not get it there. Yes it did. You cannot get it there anytime you want Two things.


One, it didn't get there. Two, Hank is probably 15 yards closer than stuff there was. You cannot get it. That time You want was the entire beginning of this point. I never said it was the same length. I said that's impressive. Can't it there? Because I know he's like twice Long. Well you can, you can back up to where he was. Yeah. And you, you it confirms you cannot get it there anytime you want. I got it There. You did not get it there. It Look where it landed basically landed Joint. He just made it Sun his Face. That was a great noise you made. That was close. Second. Alright, so the second time you actually got it there. First time did not get it there. Alright. What's your cool drone?


It was still me. What's the button? Button's still on you. My cool throne was Jane Daniel's mom. But we talked about that. So I'll go with Ashton Hall. Yeah. Yeah. So let's get into this. 'cause I was gonna be, I love this guy. My Hot Seat, me memes. You've been tasked with this. Explain a meme to us. I've I've DM Max every single video. Okay. So, so, So a what what you doing? Let's switch, Let's switch seats. Oh, Look at this quick little Story. So this guy Ashton Hall went viral on Twitter over the weekend. Someone posted his morning routine video.


Maybe the most viral video I've ever seen on Twitter had. Right now it's 765 million views. Holy shit. It's crazy. It was getting posted over and over and over again. 765 million views. Obviously everyone's posting it. The morning routine. Not Stu Finer texted me last night. Yeah. Just said Check this out. Yeah. And it was the video. Love that. Which is the mo, like it's everywhere. Oh yeah. He said that to me too. Does he, do his texts go to everyone? I don't know because like he normally text in all caps for his picks. Yeah. And so I assume that goes to everyone at the same time. But the last five times he's texted me something else that's been in lowercase. You guys have gotten the same text at the same time? Yeah. Alright. So Yeah, he sent Check this out. Yeah, Check this out At like p pm last night.


Alright, Memes. Go ahead. So he's a lifestyle coach. Okay. Already bullshit. Already bullshit. He has a two hour morning routine. That's pretty much it. He's just a lifestyle. Well he's a a former college running back too, right? Yeah. Former college running back. He averaged five Fived, but the Six attempts on eight. Eight yards. The funny part about these videos is he does, he does a morning routine video and he absolutely does nothing like he, he is, he is up at the gym, he's up at 4:00 AM writing stuff onto a piece of paper. He's going to the gym. He's eating bananas, rubbing banana peels on his face and eating.


Still hasn't done any work. Like 9 0 5 comes around and he's, he's not even doing work. He's just dunking his face into to water. He doesn't do Anything. He spent six hours in the morning journaling, doing u UV light therapy or No, that's the IR sauna, right? He's in like the infrared sauna. Yeah. He goes to the gym. He's, he jumps into the gym for four minutes. Yep. And then the funniest part is when he is at his computer and he just goes, yeah, I'm gonna need 10,000. Right. And then it just cuts to the next one. 10,000 of what we don't know. He also, the, the, the reason I like this guy is that he's not in on the joke because he did a video, I think Monday being like, Hey, I see everyone making similar videos.


Like once say I appreciate it. That was a video from February that was already out. Oh, that was already out. But it, it still stands. He says that he, there's been a lot of people that copied him and copied what? He mocked him. What? No. Copied him. And they do similar things to his as MR workouts. Yeah. And so people copy that. You're right. Making fun of him. He doesn't realize that they're making fun of him. And then he had a moment of clarity where he thought to himself, you know what, a lot of people follow Jesus too. Mm. And, and mimicked him. So if he's good enough to allow people to mimic him, then I can be good enough to allow people to mimic me. Yeah. So very Christ-like. Okay. Yeah. So he made that video back in February. But the guy, the, there's an original guy from about two years ago who made one of these videos who went viral and he clapped back Adam saying something for God I'd got talked about for two months straight and ain't say a word.


So he's going back at Hall for this. For what? So Ashton Hall copied this guy. Oh Yeah. He's this, this is the og what's his name? Morning routine. Drew Walls. And can you read that tweet again? Something Forget I got talked about for two months straight and didn't say a word. So it's essentially at what point do you think we're going to reach like, critical mass of influencers where there's so everyone's an influencer that we don't have enough people to be influenced. Yeah. Too many chiefs. Not enough guardians. Right. I feel like we're there. Yeah. Probably 'cause this guy's doing nothing and yes, we're making fun of him, but he also thinks he's kind of killing it.


Right. I think he kinda is killing it. 765 million views. Yeah. I guess He is killing it. You're right. And also the guy is jacked up. Yeah. So whatever his routine is, he has an insane amount of dedication to it. The, the banana peel facial that everybody was talking about, rubbing a banana peel on your face if you don't remember. Our good friend Uncle Chaps did that like four years ago and he got potassium poisoning inside of his eye because he rubbed a banana peel on his face one time. And he had to basically have his eyelid lance open and had surgery done on his eye. And it's still kind of fucked up to this day. Yeah. So don't, don't rub banana peels on your face. Bananas are for eating. I'll also say the Ashton Hall, at least like, you know, he is super jacked.


He's kind of, and he like, you know, has designer bags. He wears like super expensive bags and bracelets to go to the gym. Makes no sense. But he's got like the, the weird like incel alpha male energy thing going. This guy drew walls literally just goes to Target. Oh. But that's more relatable. Yeah. I, there's, I I'm not like, he literally Makes an entire video about like, that's the guy buying groceries. I'm not going to I love that guy too. Yeah. I'm not going to make any judgements on Ashton Hall. I'm just going to guess he might be in like, some credit card debt with the, with the things that he owns and doesn't seem to be doing a lot of actual business, You know. Well, did you hear him? He's like, I'm gonna need 10,000. He find 10,000 or something. He, yeah.


So I like, I like both these guys. I like the guy that goes to target that just because it's so funny. You set a camera up on a tripod and then you, you wheel the shopping cart into the frame. You get something off the shelf wheel the shopping cart out, then you go and you pick up your tripod and you and you move on to the next place. Right. Like I am in love with the, I want somebody to film him filming himself. Yeah. That would be a great video. That would Be behind the scenes. I like There's an entertainment value though, where it's like you, I, there's a non-zero chance there's satire involved with Ashton Hall. Like he has Rolls Royce's. No way. Not with him. I think he's, He has Rolls Royce's following him running. Yeah. Those are leased.


They have to be Or rented. What does He do? Does he have a business Life coach? Okay. Life coach. Yeah. My, my get morning routine would literally just be me sitting on the toilet trying to take a shit. Yeah. And Like, all right, now I'm ready to Go. Mine would be telling Blake to not wake me up yet three times. And then trying to start the El Camino, then letting Blake outside, then trying to start the El Camino again. Then having a cup of coffee, trying to start the El Camino. Putting Blake in his crate and getting in my other car and driving to work. Mm. That's what my morning routine is. It's pretty Good. Yeah. Yeah. Mine would just be, yeah. Trying to take a shit and then yelling at my kids to please put on their shoes. And then I go to work, job gets done. The morning routine. What's Yours Hank?


Wake up coffee. Come to work. You should do a video of your morning. I'm not a morning guy. Yeah. Oh really? We're familiar. What? Wake up get angry at something. No. How do you handle that? If there's nobody in your apartment when you wake up and you're angry, who do you get that out on? I know, I know. I need 30 minutes. Like literally it takes me 30 minutes to Not be a human being. Yeah. Yeah. Do. But that's a good question. P-P-F-T-S like, do you get angry at like, the thought of us? Because I would assume a lot of times I have to get angry. Wait, it's, it's a lot time when you come in, it's like the first thing you have to do is something with us. So are you like, these guys are the reason why I'm coming in this time. Fuck them If I really don't, if I don't sleep enough and I wake up super late and, and have to be here within those 30 minutes, then yes.


You, you're just, you're just raging against us the whole way in. Not against you. I'm just in a bad mood. We're the machine. I'm just in a bad mood. You and Big Cat are the machine. The man gotta go to work for the man. I love that. I love that. We we're, we literally get you outta bed in the morning. Of course our existence is what is what gets you outta bed. Not willingly, No Memes. What's your morning routine? Wake up. Just go on, go on Twitter for a couple hours. You should do a video. Oh, I miss that so much. 'cause I used, that used to be like, when we first started doing this show, I'd just wake up and lay in bed for two hours before kids just being like, you know, like on Mondays after football Sundays I just lay there for two hours just hanging out.


What are other people talking about today? Yeah. And then coffee, shower and then come, come in here. That's It. Max, what's yours? Eat eat a meatball. Max. Do you have bedside meatballs? Like people have water? No, I do not have bedside meatballs. He dumps his face into a bowl of meatballs. Bedside meatballs. Max wakes, he rolls over and just sticks a meatball in his mouth. No, I, I normally wake out Actually Max, you should remake the video and, and the mouth tape instead of the mouth tape, it's, you wake up, you roll over and you spit out the meatball. You've been resting in your cheek all night. Max has to sleep with a meatball in his mouth.


That's, that's, that's fucked up. It's, yeah, It's a ball gag except it's just, just veal. It's just in there. What's your morning routine, max? I just wake up, listen to my dog cry and then ask my girlfriend to take her out. She normally does it. And then I will lay in bed until I have to go. And then I'll normally my girlfriend will ask me to do something and I'll be like, I have to go for work. And she's like, what have you been doing the past hour and a half? That sounds very relatable. And that's basically, that's basically how it goes. Yep. That's very relatable. Like Yeah, I have to go, I'm rushing now. Yeah, you can't, you can't actually go until you absolutely have to go.


Correct. And then she'll ask me to do one thing on my way out and then I always get yelled at. 'cause she Yeah. Yeah. You're like, fuck, I have to go. I'm gonna be late. Okay. Where are we? Pt? Hot Seat. That was a cool throne, right? Yeah. My Hot Seat is the media. Mm. Media's on the Hot Seat. And I guess we can include ourselves in the media. We were put there by Doc Rivers. Mm. 'cause Doc Rivers says no one tells the real story. And I'm fine with that. It's unfair in some ways. I don't get enough credit for getting the three wins in the playoffs. I get credit for losing. I always say, what if we had lost to Houston in six? No one cares. One of the things I'm proud of is we've never been swept.


All the coaches have been swept in the Playoffs. My team achieve a lot of them overachieve. And I'm very proud of that. Wow. So it's on us for not telling the full story about Doc Rivers. He, he has won three games in the playoffs many times. That's in a series. So he, he's just basically changed the entire narrative to like, I haven't been swept. Yeah. And I hope he, we we have to bet on him to get swept this year. You think so? Yeah. Well you're discounting the fact that when he, when he loses the three one leads, he's won three games. He's Won three games. That should be worth something. Like if you get up 28 to three against the Patriots of the Super Bowl, that should be worth something. Who would be the Bucks play?


Like the Celtics could sweep 'em in the second round. It'd be the Cavs. And we might have to bet on a sweep. You think the Cavs sweep the Bucks? No, I'm just, I think the Bucks beat the calves. Oh really? Yeah. You hate the calves Hank You, do you think the calves stink? You hate them. You, you absolutely think the calves stink. Be honest. They lost four of the last five, but you, yeah. So they, they stink. No, they're number one in the east. I couldn't say that. You're not worried About how can you make that argument? Because they, you think that they'll get swept in the playoffs? No, I just, I didn't say swept. I just think the Bucks could beat 'em in a series. So, but are you rooting for, are you saying that because you can, you're kind of a little deep down scared of the CVEs. No, I would love a, a Cav Celtics season.


You'd be rooting for the Cavs against the Bucks. No. Who would you be rooting for Bucks? 'cause you're scared of the Cav. Yeah. That makes no sense. You, you, You guys don't have experience in, you know, the playoffs and, and being a championship contender. Do you wanna play the team that's a better matchup for you? Like you want the worst teams to win? I'm not afraid of the Cavs. I would welcome a matchup first the Cavs. But would I rather play the Bucks? Yes. Do I think the Bucks can beat the Cavs? Yes. Do I know the cel can beat both of those teams? Yes. Would you? Who would you rather play? The Bucks. Okay. Scared of the Cavs. Scared of the Cavs. Exactly. That's, that's the rest of my case. You just said, you said no, no. You guys are twist twisting my words. You're talking and then you said, no, I'd like to play the team. That's the better matchup, right?


Meaning the team that you're not afraid of. Right. I'm not afraid of any team. But you if given, if if given a choice, you would not, you would prefer not to play the Cavs. That does not mean afraid, but Yeah. Correct. Yeah. You're afraid. Afraid. It's okay. You're Very, you're scared to say you're scared. I'm not scared. Okay. So then see, fuck. Gimme the cats. Okay, there we go. Now you're not scared. I agree. But you are scared of the bucks. Sure. You're scared of Giannis. Yeah. Yeah. Wherever you No, we beat him before. We'll beat him again. Okay. My cool throne is fifa. Ooh. FIFA's on the cool throne. Because former FIFA president Sep bladder was cleared of all corruption charges by a Swiss court Tuesday.


So two and a half years after the original hearing. They were once, he was once the most powerful figure in global football. And now he's been cleared of fraud. So he was at the Extraordinary Appeals Chamber of the Swiss Criminal Court, which is a crazy name for, for an appeals chamber. So anyone that was pointing a finger at Sep bladder and saying that FIFA is corrupt, sep bladder is corrupt. Guess what? You're wrong. He's been officially cleared. He's done nothing wrong. Okay. Person bladder. So he's, he's a good guy. Good guy. Never did anything wrong. Fifa. It turns out plot twist, not corrupt. Everything's above board in fifa. Oh. So why do we ever think that FIFA was doing anything wrong? Because we're getting billions of dollars to give the World Cup to Qatar and Saudi Arabia.


Mm. Which that again, no proof of anything under the table happening there. Right. So move on. Move the fuck on. I do like the fact that FIFA will just, they will always be corrupt. That's what they are. Yeah. They're a very corrupt thing. They're so corrupt that they get cleared of corruption charges. Right. I I feel like that's just in their bylaws. Yes. To be corrupt. Yeah. Also can't even be mad at them when they do what everyone expects them to do. People were asking me to comment on the US national team losing, here's my comment. Who'd we lose to? I think, what did we lose to Panama? Oh, that's not, Who cares? We're automatically In. Who cares? That's my comment. Who cares? But that's, but Panama stink. Who cares? Don't they? Who cares?


Okay. Where At? We have a charity invite to the World Cup. We're hosting. Oh, we Lost to Canada. That ain't good. Well, so our hockey team, That was an Allstar game. Yeah, true. Well this is, this Tournament didn't mean anything. This was, This was a Tournament. It was a Tournament. Ah, was it the nations league? The storied Nations league finals. God damnit. None of these tournaments mean anything. I think you gotta, we're in, who Cares? You gotta lose before you win. We keep losing in these tournaments. It's our new coach. Everyone thought that our new coach would be great. I think he still will be great. I think he intentionally lost these games to light a fire into the boys House. Well, it's our new coach combined with our golden generation. Golden generation. Again, just give, just make mess A United States citizen.


Just do that. I agree with that. Yeah. I'm a hundred percent in on that. The coach is Argentinian. Yeah. Okay. My Hot Seat is, Hey, PFT. Can you explain this text thing that happened in Washington real quick? I I think it's my Hot Seat. Is that, I guess there's a guy in the Trump administration named Dan Katz. Yes. And so I saw that. So his name was listed in it and my Hot Seat is me because I was like, oh shit. Did they mention me? Because it was, the date was when I was 16 and Oh. And I was like, are they talking about 16 and Oh really dumb thought. They Might have been, he's Actually a real person. They might have been. I got tagged in a bunch of people were like, it was like direct, I think it's like treasury director.


So someone made the joke, like, do you think they were thinking that 16 and oh was gonna solve the economy? I was like, maybe. And then I had to take a step back and be like, dude, shut the fuck up. This is an insane thought. The Federal Reserve should just be based on big cat's bets. Yeah. I I don't, I think it's still developing right now. But Are you on Signal? I'm not. If you were on Signal, you might wait. You might have been added to that group chat. I'm on. No, I'm on. I have a telegram. Okay. If you were on Signal, they might've accidentally added you to the group chat. Okay. So there's J oh J C's on Signal. Remember he said he was gonna send Adam sch some fucked up shit. That's Right. Yeah. On Signal. I wonder if he Yeah, he might've got the invite. So apparently there's a group chat when you're getting ready to bomb a place. Okay. And they're like, Hey, here's what we're gonna do.


Here are our concerns. Here's how we're gonna bomb it. They accidentally added the editor in chief of the Atlantic to the group chat. Wait, they text before they're gonna bomb. Apparently. That's crazy. A group. I wonder what the picture is in the group chat. Yeah. You know how every group chat has that one image? What do they set that to? Bombs away? Yeah, it just, just an F 18. So apparently they were planning on the bombing and then they added probably the last guy in the world they would want to add, which is a guy that already hates them, that runs the Atlantic. Got it. He got added to the group chat and then he released the logs part of them from the group chat and was like, Hey, here's how they plan to bomb the Houthis in in Yemen.


Okay. And then it happened and then he left the group chat. By the way, if you get added to a group chat where the boys are are planning war. Yeah. How do you leave that group chat? You gotta stay, you gotta stay in that group chat. They we're given the details about what kind of planes and bombs and shit. You Gotta stay and rip off a joke and then get kicked out. Yeah. You, you gotta make a joke about something Or, or send a picture of your balls. Yeah, that's what I would've done. Yeah. Send a picture of your balls to the group chat, then log out and be like, Hey, whose balls are those? Who do we accidentally add? Send Send coordinates to your rivals address? Yeah. See if they'll just add one. So apparently that's what happened. There's a group chat for planning war. Damn. Okay. I would like to be in that group chat. I would just like, just because I wanna know about the different planes they're gonna use.


Just See it. Alright. And then my cool throw, I should have mentioned this on Monday I did watch the whole game, but we were talking basketball Monday. The Wisconsin Badgers women's hockey team won another national title. Four outta six years, eight total dominant. And they had a, a shootout goal with 18 seconds left to bring it to overtime and then beat the Buckeyes, the puck guys, the lady puck eyes. Did the, did the puck go backwards on the shootout or on the penalty shot? No, they, they, they reviewed it. The, the per like they reviewed if she went, if she tried, if she stopped her forward motion, she did not. She just made a great play. And yeah. Dynasty, there were, There was like an hour on Sunday where no matter what TV you were looking at, there was a review going on.


Yes. It could have been in hockey. There were a couple of those. It could have been in any number of basketball games. Basketball is like 30% reviews now. Yeah. We needed no review game. We just need a night, a week. No reviews, just let it fucking fly. I Wanted to see a fight in that Buckeyes game. Yeah. Do they fight? I don't think so, but they do play every single year. It's, it's the Sunday of the first round and the, the Badgers played the Buckeyes in the national championship and we got their number now. Dynasty. They got us last year. We got 'em this year. Four outta six. That's the Dynasty. Dynasty for sure. That's the Dynasty. Okay, let's get to our good friend Scott Van Pel and talk some hoops and Maryland hoops.


Derrick Queen. And we'll finish up with guys on chicks


Before we get to Scott Van Pelt. He's brought to you by Tax Act. Can you believe we're getting to the end of March? Your taxes are due on April 15th. Hank, do you have any tips? Get ahead, stay ahead. Use Tax Act best in The business. Yeah, go to tax act.com. They have real tax experts who can help a hundred percent credentialed. A hundred percent US based. So they know the ins and outs of the tax laws. You can get the answers that you need starting at just 20 bucks. If you need a little help or a lot, they can answer all types of tax related questions. It's crunch time. You want to get it right. Tax Act makes it easy so you can get them over with and be done for the season. Go to tax act.com.


Scott Van Pelt is also brought to you by Truly Hard Seltzer. The best, the best tasting. And also I know a lot of you people out there like to party 8% a BV. It hits hard, but it still tastes amazing. Truly unruly is a hard seltzer. Breaks all the rules, drinks light, but party's hard. I love the Berry Blast. The Strawberry Smash is delicious. Hank, what's your favorite? I like the Strawberry Smash. Yeah. Strawberry Smash and Big Cat. What's your favorite? Mine's Strawberry Smash. Hank just stole my favorite, but that's fine. We can share favorites. You stole the favorite. Yeah. That's a beautiful thing about truly, truly unruly. It's 8%. All of 'em are 8%. A BV comes into the four flavors. Tropical twist, berry blast, citrus Crush, strawberry Smash. The official hard seltzer of, Pardon My Take. Find truly unruly at a store near you. Or visit www.trulyhardseltzer.com


Now here's Scott Pelt. Okay, we now welcome on. Very, very, very, very good friend. It is Scott Van Pelt And we welcome him on because his Maryland terrapins are in the Sweet 16 for the first time in a long time. And they had the best moment from the weekend. And we wanted to talk some hoops with Scott. Scott, first of all, congrats. That was an awesome game. Walk us through your range of emotions, knowing that you, you, you maybe root for the Maryland terrapins harder than anyone. Roots for any team. Did you really just say, walk us through your emotions. Yes.


Walk us through your emotions because your emotions are crazy in a TURPs game. Yeah. If You have like two steps or maybe three steps that you went through. Yeah. Oh wait, I didn't know. I did not, oh wow. I didn't even think about that. I did not do that on purpose. BFD picked up on it before I picked up on it. IW I'm a team, no travel guy. What are we doing with this? Phanta nailed it the other night. Like this Tournament has largely lacked, it's largely lacked those moments that make the Tournament, the Tournament. Then we get one. But because we live in this space now where we can't exist unless we're pissed at everything. Oh, he walked. Yeah. Like, okay, well IES said he didn't, I could show you a video of a Colorado state guy doing the exact same thing.


Oh, well that happened earlier in the game. Well, they got two points and no one gave a shit because it's, that's just basketball in the modern era. Anyway, the emotions were insane. I am, look, I thought as I got older, I'd grow away from this. That's not been the case. I I really, really like Maryland basketball. I have a lot of fun with it. This team's been fun. Queen was a kid that they hoped they'd keep in, you know, in Maryland. And he, he stayed, he could've gone anywhere. Five star guy, a lottery guy. And then he has an incredible moment. And I talked about this with Stanford, Steve on our pod and, and Big Cat. I look forward to the days when I'm, you're telling me this version of your story. I'm out with my youngest kid and he's very, very zen.


He's very stoic. He's like, we're good. We're gonna take it home. Colorado State makes it three. He is like, dad, I don't think we're gonna win. And I said, buddy, you gotta stay in the fight man. And then they make it and it's just absolute chaos. The family jumping around. It was, it was, it was unreal. I mean, like Marilyn's lost a lot of heartbreaking games this year at the buzzer. I thought it was gonna be another one and then it wasn't. Yeah, Yeah. It really did feel like that. I I told you I was like, I, I felt like Colorado State had somehow just, they, they were gonna be the team of Desi. They were gonna be the big story going into the sweet 16 of, you know, Nico Medved who's now Minnesota and these guys playing incredible ball and you snatched it.


And I just loved Derrick Queen being the guy who's like, I want the ball. It was a big boy move too. Yeah. It maybe wasn't the most aesthetically pleasing buzzer beater, you know, not a step back three. Don't care that move rocked. Well, I mean it old school off glass. Yeah. I mean, in real time. It's like, it's like happening in slow motion and I'm like, oh, that's so far off. And then it's, no, it's actually not. It's perfect off glass. And yeah, I mean it was, it's like, you know, it is a Hoosiers moment. I'll make it Jimmy Chitwood. And you know, I did an interview with the Baltimore Sun last week and the, the legend goes when he was, you know, coming up in Baltimore, they called him black baby Yoic.


And you know, he's, he's, he, he's not, he's not like the most fast twitch, you know, put your elbow above the square dude. And he's, he's not like musclebound, but like Yoic has changed the entire, the entire paradigm of what you're supposed to look like. Right. I mean, you can look like whatever if you've got high IQ and, and a ton of, ton of talent and big balls and, and Derek's got all that. Yeah. I I feel like Yoic could also learn from wearing the long sleeve shirt underneath the jersey that might, you know, diminish some of the, the razor barbed cuts that he gets on his arms every game. Right. If for no other reason for the, than the back of his triceps or where his triceps would be if he had 'em to look like they've been gin sued.


I mean like they, every year it's like, what happened to this dude? Man, it's crazy. You're right. I think the long sleeves is the play. Yeah. So Scott, we've talked to a few friends of yours over the years that have gave, you know, given their side of things for what it's like to watch a TURPs game with Scott Van Pelt. What, what are you like during TURPs games? Do you, do you entertain outsiders or is it No Maryland fans or nothing. There'll be none of that. I, I, I really prefer not to watch with anyone. I mean, we're I and Florida and there's like an outside setup with a TV here and the the inside setup was bad. So I just left and came outside and my, my youngest came out to hang with me 'cause he like, he's allowed.


Yeah, he's good. Yeah. But family. But short of that, I mean, it's a very small list. I mean, like, there's no, this isn't a joke. If I was at work, I'd show you, they literally made a sign for me that says Panic room. And I would watch in this room by myself at work because I was so insufferable to be around that they just said, look, we're gonna give you a panic room. You can watch the games in there and the rest of us can operate in peace. So I, I get it. I'm not the most, I'm not the calmest dude, but I mean, the other night, I don't know, my, my little guy kept me calm. He was, he was good. He, everything was good until the last minute when he abandoned ship and told me we weren't gonna win. But I, I, I don't know, like I said PFTI, I thought I'd outgrow it.


I thought I'd be more mature or whatever. It's the one thing I I still really care about and love and Yeah. I, I make no apologies for that. Yeah. I I love that you just are open about it too. Like, I I I, it would be one thing if you said, you know, I'm actually not that big of a deal psycho about it. You know, like that would kind of suck if you're like, oh no I don't, I don't care that much. No, you care a lot. Right. You want it to happen And, and, but you know, the thing that was like, if you're gonna sit in the front row of the Michigan State game and scream like an unhinged lunatic and then Trey Holman's gonna drop a 65 footer on your no. And then you gotta eat it. And like that night I had to work and so we, you know, we start the show with like the best sort of piece of video, best thing I saw today.


And they're, I, I got to work and our producers like, well we could do this or that. I'm like, fuck that. The guy made an incredible shot that's like, I wasn't my favorite thing, but it was the best thing I saw. So you win a game that was that intense like that, that's where you start. And so everyone knows where I'm from, fellas, you guys obviously do too. Everyone knows the flag. I wave. And so the the fun thing is that people are like genuinely happy for me as if I did something the other night. I did nothing and could on the other side of Florida p your ass on Thursday. Everyone's coming for me to be like, you know, hey va pel suck it. You're out and all, what can I do? Like, you just gotta wear it. Yeah. Do you think, do you think people are, are they rooting for you to, to win at all?


Do you think people would be happy for you if you got a championship? Are they, 'cause this happens to us, they want us to achieve a little bit of success, but then the real sickos wanna watch us lose in a big spot. That's a great question. I think that, I think that more people wanna see you be an abject misery. You know, like Yeah. I mean Big Cat, the the shot of you Final four on the ground will live forever, you know? Yeah, yeah. I mean it'll, it's, and until, until that magical moment when the committee doesn't screw you and make you play in Denver against BYU thank you, and you get there and you cut down nets when that happens, then that will, that will kill that meme of you.


But only that will kill that meme of you. So I think people, I think they like it. They like to know that you're happy for a little while and they're like, ah, that's cool. But then ultimately they root for you to die in in an agonizing death. Yeah. So, so Max finally got over that hump in the Super Bowl, which is one, it was awesome. I, I think I, and I think people are genuinely happy for the dude 'cause they know that he lives it. Right, right. Yeah. Like this is not performance art. Like he's in it, man. And so as long as people know, like if they feel like you're truly about it, then I think they're like, oh, that's pretty cool. 'cause they get it. Yeah. I, I think two things are true, at least for me. One, I I was happy for Max, I was glad to see him win one and two.


I, I miss just being able to call him a loser. Yeah. That was a lot of fun for me. Did so it took away a little bit of personal joy, but I still am happy for It. Yeah. But here's the thing, pft it it, it makes you better. You're gonna have to grow. You're gonna have to find another way. You're gonna have to find another avenue to to, to stick that needle in. It's gonna be harder, but it's just gonna make you a better, a better podcaster and a better man. That's, well, well maybe Max instead of being a loser. And I would love for your thoughts on this, maybe Max is a coach Steeler. Has there been that, have you had that? We we probably should have that discussion right now. The Kevin Willard thing is weird. It is. And I, I, I have to, to some, on some level, I have to recuse myself from things because you, you reach a place where you, you know, the people that are involved in a way where you're trying to help facilitate conversation and then step away.


Like, I'm not sitting at the table, nor should I, but I mean, look, he just went on with like my best friend in, in DC on his radio show and said, I'm, you know, like as of now I'm staying. I mean, it's like, well if you stand, you're staying. You know, I, it's, it's really, it's really weird. I know Marilyn's trying to move heaven and earth and give him the things he's asking for. And by the way, I'm on his side that if you're at a basketball school, you should have the resources to be a basketball school. And so I'm all about that. But I'm also, if the offer of the things you've asked for is made and then you choose to go somewhere else, then that just means you wanted to go somewhere else.


And I don't mean he's going to, I'm just mean it's like that that happens in coaching all the time. Yeah. So, I don't know. It's a really odd space that we're living in right now where, you know, we don't know. And then there's this huge game on Thursday nights. So I'll let the adults in the room be the adults in the room. And you know, I'm, I've made it clear. I'm, I'm a big fan of Kevin. I, I want him to get what he wants and if Marilyn offers it and he, and, and he stays, then fantastic. And if he doesn't then, then I guess he wanted to go someplace else. So I don't know. My promise to you, Scott, is that if Villanova steals Kevin Willard from you, we will beat the fuck outta Max. It might take like four or five of us, but we will beat the fuck out of Him.


I might come get a kick in once, once he's been subdued. That's, He wanted both these coaches. He wanted Golden and he wanted Will. Yeah. He threw Gold Game. So it's like whoever loses his game threw Todd golden into it. Yeah. Whoever loses his game, that's the guy that Max wants. Yeah. Wow. I don't know, I don't know that you're gonna get Golden. I think he's in a pretty good spot, man. Like the, it's been a, that's a, that's a passionate fan base. You know, Florida had it cooking so great in the mid, what are, what are they, the Ts or whatever. I don't even know what the hell we called these that, that whenever the time was that football and basketball just won a ton of titles. They're, they're, they've been starving for this and they're great. So I, I don't think anybody's getting golden. So looking forward to this game, massive game. I think a lot of people like Florida in it. You're gonna be an underdog.


Get what are your keys to the game? We're big formula guys. What are the s the SVPs to the game? I think we need Clayton to sprain his ankle. Mm. Okay. Not badly, not bad. I'm not rooting for it and I'm not rooting for an injury like that. Guy's got such big balls, he takes so many big time shots and hits so many big time shots. They're, they're deep. They, they have so much depth, the depth of the front court and the back court. You're gonna need to play 'em physically the way Yukon did. You gotta make 'em uncomfortable the way Yukon did. And it still wasn't enough. Like that was impressive as hell the way they, they won that game because it, it took everything to, to knock out at the two time champion Maryland.


Just, they're gonna have to make a shit ton of threes. They're gonna have to rebound. They've gotten crushed on the glass by a couple of teams and Colorado State got 'em on the glass. Florida's enormous. If Florida gets, you know, 25 offensive rebounds, then it's gonna be a nam you score final. So you gotta, you don't have to be perfect, but Maryland needs to play its best, the best be the best version of itself and I think they can win the game. Yeah, I agree. Alright, so in terms of the overall Tournament, first of all, how did you do this first weekend? Bad. Bad. I mean, that's not terrible. I, I took a flyer on Missouri and Drake beat 'em, but I was pretty chalky. I had ones and twos in and like I had, I have Florida over Duke, which is one over one.


And, and the reason like sometimes you could try too hard to be clever right. And look for the upsets and whatever, but then once you miss that one early one that goes deep, then you're fucked. And I just thought the ones are great and Florida and Duke both looked apart first weekend. So that's who I had making it. And I had Michigan State and Tennessee with the others. So, I mean, I'm alive but it's not like I'm out on a limb with anybody that I have. Yeah. And and what about the, the talk about the Tournament, you know, not, not enough Cinderella's March Madness is dying. Are you buying into that or are you kind of measured like us we're like, hey, it could be a thing but we're gonna need a couple more sample size. We're gonna keep, need a couple more tournaments before we just say it's all over and no one's ever gonna win again.


Everyone just says NIL portal and it's not new that the, the schools on a certain level were getting poached by higher levels. That's been going on for years. But it's certainly NIL and the portal has completely accelerated it. Right? I mean like look at Drake, their point guard is going, Sturtz is awesome, is going with McCallum to Iowa. Well of course he is. And so it makes it a whole lot more difficult for like a Missouri Valley level team. If you're a Bradley or you're Southern Illinois or Drake or whatever. If you're, if you got a guy that's a guy, well then someone's just gonna come and say what's the number? And so that's part of it. And that's a whole other conversation that something has to happen.


Like I'm not, I'm pro players getting money, I'm anti-free agency every single year. 'cause that's just stupid. It doesn't exist in any other sport. Right. So I dunno, there's a lot that's going on, but I'm not an, like, the, the ratings were awesome and you know what, like Cal Herd had this point years ago and he's right. Everyone loves an upset until it's the next game and like Kansas is out and like, you know what would've been cool watching Kansas play today, but they got beat. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it's gonna be super chalky on Thursday and Friday and through the weekend. And I think people are gonna love these games. I don't think they're gonna be sad. You, it's just more fun when there's the threat of, of the upset And we really didn't have many of those, this, this first round. So doesn't bother me. I think it's just kind of the new reality.


Yeah, Yeah. Well we, we do have the Cinderella in Arkansas, right. Coach Cal? He is the, he is the Cinderella. Yeah, he's underdog. Cinderella 10 seed That, that, that, that meager little Tyson chicken NIL budget that has no bottom. Like what an underdog story, man. But I will say this, like they were toast. They were oh and five in the conference and they weren't gonna be in the Tournament. So it, you know, that was a cool storyline. Kino, you guys covered it all like the, the layers of the stories and whatever. But it is, it is funny that it's the, you know, the little, the little engine that could from, from Arkansas and Cal. Okay. Yeah. Hank brought up a good point. I think it was Hank and I didn't have a good answer to it. It was, it was about Maryland basketball and just Maryland sports in general.


Why do you know why they're the terrapins and not the crabs? Because, well, the, the crab thing is sort of just, it ha the flag and the crab are relatively new deals. Like, I don't know why we're turtles. I mean, as when I was a kid, it used to bum me out and then I was like, actually it's kind of cool 'cause there's a million tigers, but there's only one turtle. Yeah. But the whole, the whole thing about we love the flag and then slapping the flag on the crab, it feels like something that's just happened the last 10, 15 years. PFT you're from this area. Like when we were, yeah, when we were younger, it wasn't like they were crabs on t-shirts. Who, who would wear that? Well, now it's like, yeah, slap a crab on and off we go. So I don't know the origin story, but I, I kinda like the turtle.


'cause again, it's one of one I agree. I like The turtle as well. I I do like it. It was like crabs. That's what you eat. If you wore a t-shirt with a crab on it, that was like something that your grandfather would wear. It's like, ugh. Right. That's kind of the corny shirt. Right. When he cracked up, cracked open a schitz and put down the Washington Post on a picnic table in pick crabs all day. That's what we did. Yeah, Exactly. I, I think crabs would be a bad name for a team just because that's, it's very minor league baseball. And also like you eat crabs. You don't wanna have your mascot be something like, you don't wanna be the Maryland steaks. That would suck. Right. Also, it's, it's an STD. That's true. A good point. That's True. That's a very good point. Alright, Scott, while we still have you, I have a couple other questions. Yeah.


One is, who do you think the MVP is in the NBA right now and should we bet it? Sha Gil, just, Alexander has played at an incredible level. I think, I think Yoic is the best player in basketball. I just think she gives out. Say again? I I, I was fucking with you because I saw your rant about how stupid the MVP conversation is every year. And I agree with you. Well, only as it relates to the betting odds. I just don't care about the betting odd. I don't wanna hear about who's the favorite. I really don't. Yeah, I agree with that. But yeah. I Are Are you big MVP guys? 'cause it's not, it doesn't move me. No, We're we're high guys. I was trying to Be, I was trying to be polite and answer the question. No, I, I think MVP discussion is, is very boring.


I, I just don't, I I want to know who's gonna win win the title. That's what I care about. I think the MVP like, yeah. I guess if you're, if, if your guy wins the MVP, it's fun. It doesn't matter for the rest of the league. You know, it just doesn't matter. I'm with you. Yeah. Scott, I, I watched you a couple weeks ago and I want to, I wanna compliment you because I thought that your interview with Yoic after he had 20 assists was, was really strong from your end. And you went into the interview thinking maybe I'm gonna get some emotion outta the guy. Maybe after this incredible evening, he's going to sense some of the same joy that I'm sensing and we're sensing as fans. And I think all of us were feeling the same way you were. And then he kind of was just like, yeah, you know, it's is basketball game.


I look forward to the next one. You know, back to practice. He did not give you anything, but you were trying very hard to drag it out of him. Were did you think that you'd be able to do it? No, I said it. I, I, I believe I started by saying, I know you're wildly unimpressed by yourself, but what you just did, no one's ever done. And I thought that was an on-ramp to maybe invite the guy to think about it. Now, supposedly later in the locker room, I, I, I saw him alone, said that he was, he was busting westbrook's balls. Like you never got a 30, 20, 20 game. Like he was like, he didn't know. And I, the thing I wished I'd have done, if I was a real Jay journalist, what I would've done is I would've asked him this question, what would you have to do for you to right now say, holy shit, I played quite a game.


Like, I don't know the answer to that. 'cause I don't, I don't know that it's possible that he could do something where he would be like, yeah, that was pretty good. It's, yeah, it's an impossible task. So you go into it knowing that, and I tried to open the door. He just didn't walk through it. What's the guy, what's the guy or girl interview that you do in that setting that you feel like you've, you've broken through and you get the most outta that person because you do a great job. But it's very hard right after a game to have someone, you know, collect their thoughts and talk about it. But is there one person or one interview where you're like, yeah, I, you know what, I've, I've broken through and this person I actually like, have a good rapport with.


I have talked to LeBron very few times, but when he came on after they beat the Clippers, I got a bunch of notes from people, just industry people, sports people. They're like, it's clear that, that you guys have this respect. Like he shows there's a way that, that an interview subject can show kind of an appreciation if they call you, if they just refer to you by name. 'cause they know who you are. And then they give you like a depth of an answer that's more than just the, just like the, the the sort of obvious, yeah, we played great, you know, blah onto the next one. And LeBron's always been really gracious in that way. We, we haven't done it a lot, but I, like, I've from his camp to me, like just an appreciation for how I do my job.


And there's kind of this goofy thing that goes back to the chair that I always bring up. 'cause we did a commercial a hundred years ago. Yeah. So I'd say him, like, I, I, I appreciate the times that we talk where I think he gives you more than just the, the garden variety. Like guys like Jeter, tiger, LeBron, people that you've known for 20 years, they've been interviewed a billion times. So when they seem like they're invested and actually present in a way that they're, I don't wanna say into it, but that it isn't a chore. That's, that's the best you can hope for if you're me. So I, I, that's a long-winded answer, but I feel like LeBron's always been, always been really cool in that way. That's a good Answer. That's yeah. That is, that is interesting. Have you ever had an interview where, where somebody cried and you weren't expecting them to cry?


I can't think of a, I can't think of anyone that wept. I know one time we talked, we talked to Dabo Sweeney after they won the title. And we weren't on the air, but we were, it was like in a commercial break, like before we come on with you. And you're like, all right, here we go. And I saw him kind of put his head down and sort of shake his head. He was sitting by himself and I said, and I saw him and I said, it just hits you, didn't it? And he looked up and he shook his head. He goes, man, he goes, I said, yeah, you just beat Alabama. You're the national champs. And he wasn't in tears, but I saw a guy in real time feel that thing. Like, holy shit, we did it. And that was really cool. Yeah. Yeah. That's very cool. I think we had that experience with, with Chris Berman.


Chris Berman cried. Yeah. Didn't think that was possible. The Schwam cried with Us. He was just talking about football though. Yeah. We just got him talking about football. He started crying. Well, look, it's guys, I standing on a corner in Winslow, Arizona. I don't know what I'm doing right now. It's just, that was pretty good. No, that was good. Yeah. No, but what I love you guys show him respect and love, which is which, which is cool. And he, the coolest thing about Boom is that he's a, he's a legend, but he appreciates people still caring as, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's like you're Chris Berman and you're always gonna be Chris Berman.


Like, I don't know. Yeah. I, but I, I love how much, I love how much respect you show that. I, I I got a question. We, we have discussed this ad nauseum, we are on one side. It seems like the internet's on the other. What are your thoughts on Danny Hurley and this recent, you know, exchange on, on Sunday? We're, we're pro Danny Hurley. We love just, we think that if you're in the sports media world, especially, these are the guys that are interesting. You know, I don't want boring guys. Yes. I want assholes. And yeah. Could he tone it down a little? Sure. But I want assholes. I love how honest and vulnerable he is. You know, he, he, he's talked openly with me about imposter syndrome, which imagine that you're the son of, you're the son of that guy and you're the brother of the other guy.


It's a lot. And he had this imposter syndrome, but now he's shared how his egos, you know, it's hard to fight. And he's talked about being an a-hole. Like, I love all of that. But you also just have to be honest about the parts of that, that you don't love. And if he's gonna act like that and you're a Yukon fan, then you, you gotta just say, well, yeah, like that could be better. Like, two things can be true at once. You can love the vulnerability, you can love that edge. And you can also say that there's times that that goes too far. And, and you should correct that, right? There's, there's, there's an out of bounds. And if you step on it, then you're out of bounds. And, and if somebody says you're out of bounds, they're not, they're not being an asshole for saying you're out of bounds.


So, I'm with you. I used to be real anti Hurley, like when he was at roadie, I'm like, this guy's out of his mind. He should take a hike. And then he, he evolved and became, I think a better guy, an incredible coach, a thoughtful guy. And this year is a lot for him. So, I don't know. I mean, I think he's on a journey and he's just sharing it. I I, I appreciate the vulnerability more than any of it. Yeah. Yeah. He is a little rough around the edges. What makes him sometimes a loud line makes him great. You know? So I, I don't think I I well said. I agree. I think that, you know, there is a line, there's always going to be a line of what, you know, verges into complete asshole territory, unlikeable behavior. He, he is unlikeable at times, but in a weird way.


I think that's why he tell it's a great story. And he's a great character in college basketball and with, you know, players bouncing around. It's good to have those guys remain in one spot that kind of, they write the storylines for college basketball. Agreed. And, and can't we, at least me, I can relate way more to that guy. 'cause I know people like that. Right. You know, I have friends like that, that I love him. But then there's times, but there's times that you just gotta have somebody in your life that could sit you down and go shut the fuck up. Right. I don't mean him. I mean, I mean, me or my friend, you like, enough, enough. And you know, whoever that person is with him, I'm sure you know, he'll find him. Yeah. He already has him.


Yeah. Yeah. Like we, I have no problem if you say Danny Hurley's dickhead. I'm like, yeah. There's some things that he does that are sometimes Yeah. There's Dick. But I I, those people are way more interesting to me than the cliche answers that we get a lot of times in sports. Couldn't agree. I that's you were asking about that earlier. Like when, when you interview somebody, like if somebody will just give you something that's true and honest and real, then that's all you can ask for, right? Yeah. Right, Scott? Well, we have here, it's almost Masters time. I feel like this weekend is when we hear the tinkling of the ivory, the first commercial, the first, you know, hello friends. Hello friends. I was worried about this. Like this, this, this is way outta character for us. Does this mean that postmasters when my house may or may not be on fire?


I, I'm, am I allowed back in? Is that too, is that too close a revisit? No, No, you're still in. Yeah, you're good. We just had, I mean the TURPs are in the sweet 16. We had to have it Off. This is gonna be the only time this maybe ever happens in the history of the show. So we'll have you on to discuss this. We Want That Scott like that. He's actually mad at you. Listen, he's mad at you for that. I know. That was bad. There's low hanging fruit. I took it. Asshole move. That was my Danny early moment. Sometimes I crossed the line. I've learned from it. I'm gonna move on. You're not, you're not wrong. I mean, you're not wrong. It's the first time in a long time. So I'm happy to come on anytime. And if it's postmasters, I, I mean, I I always just pencil it in mentally.


Yes. No, I, I am rooting for you this weekend. I would love to see nothing more than than your TURPs beat the Gators and, and move on. I wanna see you in a final four, Scott. I really do. But in terms of the masters specifically, is there anybody, anyone that you're looking at to keep our eye on maybe an underdog that's been playing really well that you think can handle Augusta? I have absolutely no idea. That's a good answer. I, how are we feeling about the cell phones? My phone Isn't, isn't Masters doing a different thing with the cell phones this year? I don't know. I always just had a sticker and I was allowed to have one on the low low. So I don't know. Is there a new, are you allowed to have 'em?


I heard our guy beef was telling me about that the other day. That there're, I think people are gonna be allowed to have cell phones at Augusta and take pictures. I might've getting fed misinformation about this, but that's what he told me. I I, it would be shocking because it's, that would be such a 180, but it, who told you this? Someone named beef? Yeah, our guy. Beef Or guy? Beef. Oh, beef your guy Beef. Yeah. Yeah, it's our guy. Beef. I mean, I mean beef, beef knows stuff, so could be Yeah. Beef, beef is a gem. Hey, I Got one for you. Yeah, I, I, I'm thinking, I, I'm thinking I got a name. He's not like way off the grid, but no one's gonna say Sep Straka. Ooh, okay. Sep Straka. Georgia Bulldog. I like That. Take a, take a nibble on Sep. Okay. Sep straka. All I'm ins all I needed.


You'll, you'll, you'll, you'll maybe cross paths with our guy beef at some point. He is a, a consummate pro in the fact that no matter where he is, he will take off his hat to shake your hand. So he'll do it like I, not even in the golf course. I saw that Video. Yeah, that's beef. I saw that video. That's beef I saw. And I and that's where beef's from somewhere in the south. Clearly. No, He's, he's actually, he's actually like right on the Illinois Wisconsin border is where he is from. So yeah, he's a club crow. Wow. Because that's a very, that's a very southern play hat off handshake. Yeah. Yeah. And I just to clear up some misinformation, I might've gotten some misinformation from beef because I had researched it and said cell phones are not allowed at the 2025 Masters Tournament. So bullet dodged.


I was very upset about that. Good. That we got to the bottom of that so quickly, right? Yeah. Yeah. So on balance beef, good on the hat take off. Very polite. Bad on the info regarding Masters technology. Yes. He might have gotten dunk scent. Yes. I I'm thinking that. Or Bal Sack. He might've gotten ball sack. He got Ballsack Sport. Alright, Scott, I got one last question for you.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take


my last question's a two-parter. First part is I just need confidence level going into Thursday. And at what point during the day are you going to be like all hands on deck? Everyone leave me alone. Okay. Confidence level is five because you, it, it's, I always say be optimistic 'cause it costs the same. I'm also realistic. So five, if I don't think they haven't gotten crushed all year, I don't think they'll get crushed. But it's gonna take a great game to beat a great team. The problem with when will I figure, like, tell my family to leave me alone. My wife is a gator and my children are in the crossfire. And at some point in the day, Big Cat, what I'll make them do is I'll make them make a life choice.


You're either riding with me or you're riding with mine. Oh, That's heavy. That's wild. Plot choice. You gotta put out all their clothes in the morning, you know, at night. Like, choices Have consequences. Kids choices have consequences. You, You gotta, you got, think about it. You gotta tooth ferry it. You gotta have all their clothes out. Go in, go into their rooms at 2:00 AM and make sure their closed for, for Thursday are all TURPs. No, it's, it is funny. Our kids are all mortified. I think they're taking it very seriously. Like this is like, I either have to ride with mom or ride with dad. Yeah. And I act they had Golden on last week. I asked him, he gave an incredible answer. I'm like, what am I supposed to tell the kids? And he is like, you tell the kids you're here to be a great dad and you support mom and you're thrilled to see the Gators do so well.


He gave an amazing answer. It was wrong. Because again, the right answer is you better, you better buckle up and ride with dad here. Yeah. But no, I don't, I I wish it were later. I, I'm I this is, I gotta go And I know you do too, but are you the guy like me where I just want to kick it down the kick the can down the road as far as possible. I wish the game started at 10. Yes. So I had more time for it not to be happening. Yes. Because I just, the longer on the future it is, the better. Is that, is that weird? It's, it's first round. You want it to happen earlier, like first round. I don't want, you don't wanna be the Friday night game in the first round, but if you make it to the second weekend, you wanna be a Friday game. So you just have a little more time to just enjoy the fact that you're in the second weekend.


Right. And the fact that this was a Sunday game and then it's like they're playing on Thursday. I'm like, what is this? Yeah. I, I want another day of the, because the, the, the end is coming for, so even if you win it all, like the end is coming. So the longer end of the future something is agreed for some reason I think I find it's better. Like I I think we agree. Yeah. But I don't understand what that's, there's some psychology of that. I don't know what it is. I'm just odd. I'm sure. Yeah, no, I I I think that's completely relatable. It's so you want another day, you, if it was on Friday, then you could spend all Thursday watching the games and then also reading more articles about the TURPs and the TURPs magical run. You get to watch more highlights. Right. Without having that, that sadness where it's like, that was a great run.


I get to enjoy this day of celebration. Stress Free. Stress free. And it's somebody else's. Like honestly, and this is true like watching Wisconsin and of course it's not just you Big Cat, it's Andy North who's like a, you know, like a, a family member. And I'm an agony watching that end. 'cause I'm like, that sucks. Yeah. And, but I'm like, well at least we don't have to deal with that for another day. 'cause we were the next day. You know what I mean? That that's really what it comes down to. Yeah. And it's, and college sports is, I know you gotta go, but the college sports is so different than pros. I was explaining it like, it's, it's like a different type of sa it's sadness in that I won't get to watch these specific guys ever again. It's not a, oh next year it's like, that's it. John Tanja will never wear a badger uniform again.


And I just wanted to watch one more game. So that's where it's ripped, ripped from you so quickly. It's just all of a sudden you're like, oh, that's over. That sucks. And it's, and it and the way the world works, it'll be, and but gdo, I was just giving guard credit for reinventing the team. They played a, a very fun style and they got a bunch of dudes that changed the team in one year so they can do it again. But it'll be a brand new team that's just, that's the world we live in now. Like there's no very rare to have four year guys. So if you get some, you enjoy 'em. So. Yeah. Yeah. Alright Scott, we'll root, We'll root for the TURPs. We'll hope the kids make good choices and we hope the family isn't just horribly irreparably fractured after Thursday night. Yeah.


If they, If they told you dad, we're actually gonna root for the over, would that make you Happy? Yeah. Do that. Happier than anything in the whole. Alright Scott, you're the best. Thank you so much. Good luck to the terms for rooting for you. Alright fellas, I appreciate you.


SVP was brought to you by Uber Eats cheesy, dippable and delivered. Get cheesy bites. Pizza and ranch lovers flight only on Uber Eats and start dunking without ever leaving the couch. The weight is over. After nearly six years Cheesy Bites Pizza is back and it's bringing a whole new way to dip. 28 Poppable Dippable dunk able bites made to be pulled apart and dunked into three next level ranch flavors. Pizza Hut just changed the dipping game. Introducing the Ranch Lovers Flight with Chipotle Ranch, ultimate Ranch and Pepperoni Ranch because one ranch just isn't enough. Whether you like it, smokey, creamy, or with a meaty kick, there's a ranch for that. It's dunking season if it's on, if it's on the court or if it's in your pizza box. Cheesy bites, pizza and ranch Lover's Flight is the MVP of Dippable Snacks. Game day just got cheesier and junkier. The perfect pull apart, dip worthy snack for March Madness. Who's ready? You can only get it with Uber Eats. Don't wait in line. Get cheesy bites. Pizza and ranch lover's Flight delivered fast and fresh only with Uber Eats. Order the cheesy bites. Pizza and ranch lovers flights only on Uber Eats from now through April 13th.


Scott Van Pelt was also brought to you by Reese's. Reese's peanut butter cups are the perfect combo of chocolate and peanut butter. You can buy 'em basically anywhere. How many Reese's do you guys think that we ate last week? Opening weekend? They were in the studio with us in the gambling cave. We were passing out product left and right. I probably had 50 Plus. I was gonna say 40 for me. Easy. I think it's probably 30 to 50. Somewhere in that range for all of us. We ate so much Reese's. It was so good. It's chocolate. It's peanut butter. Reese's peanut butter cups are a winning part of the game day experience. Eat Reese's peanut butter cups. Feed your fandom.


Okay guys on chicks. I did just get tagged in two tweets that I wanted to bring up real quick. They're kind of on the opposite ends of the spectrum here. So one is, I was just made aware, I think you were tagging this as well. PFT. There's a guy who has been tweeting for 2,654 days that Jesse James caught that ball. It's important to keep people posted About that every single day. That guy deserves a shout out. That's insane. 2017 was that game. He deserves a shout out. That's, that's grit. And then there's a guy American Matt seven on Twitter. He's on day two of tagging both of us till we acknowledge New Mexico.


Outplayed Michigan State and got hosed by the refs. There's your acknowledgement. Day two, you can now rest Acknowledge without comment. I like Jesse James Guy Though. Yeah. Jesse James. I he did catch that ball. It's crazy. Remember that Hank? Yeah. Yeah. 2017. Hank. Do you think he caught that ball? No. Alright. Well now he's gotta keep going. Yeah. Okay. I, I do like though, when someone gets on that, I think there's a guy floating out there that's been tagging Max Hoa every day for like a thousand days to play golf with him. Yep. But I do like getting to someone like in the first two or three and just being like, all right, cool. Acknowledged. Yeah, You're good. The day ones are always the best. If I see, if I see a day one of tagging PFT commenter until something, I'm way more likely to respond to that. Yeah.


Just gonna be like, all right, we're good. What do you, what do you got? Breaking news? No Breaking news. Breaking News. St. Bon Ventures has signed Big man Frank Mitchell from Minnesota. Well, Woj tweeted the bomb emoji and then it got everyone excited and then it was just Saint Bon. It's Frank Mitchell. I love that. I love that from Woj. So many people still have woj notifications on their phone. Yeah. And now they're getting overloaded with St. Bonnie's News. Perfect job. Wge. It's Huge. Okay. Hank guys on chicks. My boyfriend and I have been having an ongoing discuss about pillows. He thinks it's weird. I sleep with my pillows perpendicular to the bed and he sleeps with them parallel.


He's been making fun of me nonstop. So I told him to take a poll of all of our friends. When he asked girls, nearly all of them said perpendicular. And all the guys said parallel. What? There's no way is This weird? And why is he wrong for making fun of me for this? I think you, you might just not know the difference between parallel and perpen. Is she saying she sleeps with a pillow lengthwise, like aligning with her body? I do have a body pillow, but I have a pet pillow too. Yeah. The head pillow, it always goes. How many pillows you guys? I'm three. I'm legs, body head. I'm two. Yeah, I have, yeah. No, That's, that's correct answer. Yeah. I'm two. I go head and then one between the knees. Yeah. Yeah. That's the, yeah. The, yeah. Nobody Gotta hug one too. Yeah. You gotta have one to hug. Yeah.


And my, my hug one is smaller than the other two. Mine are all the same. Yeah. I hug all. Yeah. I'm four four, but I really only use two. Well then that's the question is how many you got? What do you mean? What do you use? What's in use Two? I don't, I don't, I don't have a hug pillow or a leg pillow. Yeah. Hug pillow. You Don't have a leg Pillow. I do pillow, but I do have the, the secondary pillow. Sometimes it's like that's my cooler. Like wake up and shift to the cold pillow. So you Just got you just raw dog two under your head. Yeah. They're pillows. You got no, you got nothing on in between your legs. Do you not have balls? No, I don't. What do You mean? That's why I need the leg pillow because I, if you, if you lay on your side with your legs, your knees touching, that's just squishing your Balls.


You got tiny balls. You got tiny balls. I guess You got tiny balls. Damn. Big dick, tiny balls. Henry Lockwood Hank it. It might also just be, you could start using a leg pillow if somebody told you that made your golf swing better. That's True. Yeah. Do anything. If That's it does, it does help. Does it? I actually do, I, I have three pillows now that I think about it. One under the head, one between the knees and then the third I take off the bed every day and I throw on the floor. Yeah. I got one of those too. I should just go with two pillows. But I have three every day. I also have a separation pillow in the middle of the bed to just d divide the 'cause I don't want, I don't want my wife coming over to my side in the middle of the night. I, I sleep, we sleep with separate blankets too. 'cause I'm a, I am a violent sleeper.


I'm moving. I get yelled at for stealing the blanket every single Time. You gotta go two blankets every night. Life changing. Yelled, get yelled, do that blanket to go to blankets. It, it literally is life changing. 'cause I know I'm a bad blanket guy. I'm wrapped up. I'm, I wake up and my blankets and pillows are everywhere and it's like, I've ran a marathon. So need to put that memes. Memes could strike me as like a zero pillow. Memes might be a hammock guy. Yeah, No, he's a, he's a, I fall asleep on the recliner in front of my nine TVs. Or like by, you have one of those inversion tables. You just strap your, your ankles in it sleep upside down like a bat. What do you, how many pillows you got? Memes. I have three pillows. Sometimes I don't use any. Yeah, yeah. You just go flat. I Go, I go flat.


You strike me as zero pillow guy. I don't know this question though. This question makes no sense. Perpendicular, horizontal. Like is if this is this person saying they do not have a pillow under their head. No, There's, they're saying that they put the pillow lengthwise, which is crazy to me. Oh, I see. That makes no sense. So They're sleeping on just a small portion. Yeah. And I guess if you're smaller, like even me, I'm five 10 basically. But if you lay, if I lay in a bed and I go pillow lengthwise, I run outta bed at the bottom. Yeah. If you're at the bottom of your lengthwise pillow, Huh? Maybe it's a small pillow. It could be a small, it could be decorative. It Could be the half size pillow. It could be decorative. Yeah. But then it wouldn't matter then it then Yeah.


If it's square it's square. It's Square. Yeah. If it's square it doesn't matter. No, It would have to go, some of it would have to go up the Headboard a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Unless it's a true half pillow. But I just still Don't understand where, why there's no world where that makes any sense. Yeah. Why would That be Better? Yeah. This girl's a freak And her friends too. Respectfully freak. Hey guys, love the show. Oh, Thank You. My boyfriend likes to wrestle me like running tackles slams onto the bed, flipping me upside down. WWE type stuff. Yeah. He says it's his way of showing love and I should appreciate it. It's just that he's so much bigger than me. I don't know what to do back. Do you have any suggestions? Moves? I don't know about Yeah, the nogi Nogi is always a Good one. Nut shot. Nut Shot.


Fish hook. Fish hook. Fish hook is diabolical. It's The equalizer. No, I was gonna say wet willy. Oh, wet willy. That's dry Willy dry Willy, you take you, you put your finger in your own ear and then you put your finger in the other person's mouth. Ugh. That's diabolical. I've done that a few times. Little finger up the butt. Ah yeah, no, you gotta let 'em just do it. This is, or you know what a real solution is? Just have kids. Because I like, one of the best parts about being a dad is I am so much stronger than my kids. It's crazy. I fucking can throw them around. I can pick 'em up, put 'em over my head. I feel like a monster. Like when I'm, when I'm just like grabbing 'em and throwing 'em.


'cause I just feel like the strongest man alive. So it's a cool feeling. Dates. I fucking, I'm so much stronger than them. 5-year-old. No problem. Hey, six outta 10 Big Cat. Oh, so true. PFT. Oh Hank. Shout out Tuit and don't trust the process. Max. I've been dating my 30-year-old boyfriend for two and a half years and we've lived together for about one and a half years. Lately. He won't stop putting his fingers up my nose several times a day. He'll just randomly shove his fingers up my nose when I try to swat his hands away or ask him why he is doing that. He tells me to protect my holes. Is this normal guy behavior. It's smart. It's smart advice. It's good advice on the hole.


What is that? Like fifth base fingering Somebody's nose. Yeah. It's a weird move. Fourth, I don't know, years base, years nose. It depends where you rank 'em. Yeah, I guess he, he's just whole curious. Yeah, he just wants to, to find some holes. He wants every wants to know every hole. What holes is he doing again? Nose. Protect your holes. That's kind of a funny, like just put it up someone's nose All the time. Not all the time. Every now and then. It could be funny. Does he just do it like a quick twist or does he try to go excavating? Is he like picking boogers out? He won't stop putting his fingers up my nose.


So fingers too. Whoa. Double nose. Double nose. I can't breathe. That could, you could kill, you could kill her. I, when, when, when do you think like in in popular culture, like picking your nose became gross Because I pick my nose all the time. Who doesn't pick their nose? You have to pick your nose. Yeah. Like when, when we're on live streams people will be like, oh, caught you picking your nose. No. Duh dude, I'm picking my nose. Yeah, Because you might get caught on live stream with a booger in your nose. Yeah. I'd much rather pick my nose than have a booger flying outta my nose. Yeah. Max had one the other day and I like, I actually felt bad saying something. You think it's weirder to stick your seat wash someone like picking their nose or like picking their ear? Picking their ear is weird. Yeah. Doing that is weird.


You just gotta clean Out your, your holes. But picking your nose is more frowned upon I think. Yeah, I know that doesn't make sense. I think it's because it's implied that you might eat it. I don't eat my boogers. Just so everyone's clear. Never have And you pick it. Never will you flick it. Yeah. Hey guys. So my boyfriend and I just moved in together. We've been dating a little over a year and I'd say about once a week I catch him reverse cow grilling the toilet. He'll be resting his arms on the tank while he scrolls. He says it is because his arms get tired. Wait, What? He says it only works for peeing but hopes to perfect the position for pooping also. Is this normal? Is he doing something else? Please help. I feel like this might be written by a guy.


Yeah. There's no way. Yeah. 'cause she's calling it reverse cow girling the toilet. Yeah. And also like you don't peeing takes two seconds. There's Your arms wouldn't fall asleep if you Pee. I would say don't do that. If I, I feel like if you did that shitting, that would be just a lot of shit at like the front of your toilet. And that'd be a problem. There's a graphic that goes viral once every couple years that says did you know? It's one of those things where they say you've been doing it wrong this time. Yeah. Did you know that toilets are actually meant to be shit on facing the tank because you have a place to rest your book on top of it? Again? I don't think that's true. No, I don't think that's true because all the water's at the back. Yeah. Which is where the butt hole is.


I think this guy might be trying to fuck his toilet. Like if you're sitting that way, you're probably dipping. You're probably dipping it in Dipping dong in the water. Yeah. You're dipping a little dong. It's like you're going fishing. Yeah. I can't think of a reason why you would do that. Yeah. I think this a guy wrote it in or another freak. Yeah. How old were you when you discovered that this is the proper way to sit on the toilet? That's very funny. That's a great post. That definitely gets people curious and doing stuff. Yeah. It's a life hack. Alright, last one. My name is Kimmy and I had a question or really just asking for advice on what to do here in this situation. I love my boyfriend dearly, but for about six months now, he's been rating everything he eats on the boom meter.


Oh yeah. Yeah. It was funny. The first week or so. But now it's gone too far. No, it's to the point where he keeps a detailed notes list on his phone of different restaurants, menus, my cooking and now even my mom's cooking with a ranking scale of one to five booms. Yep. I drew the line when after we finished eating my mom's favorite chicken enchiladas, he pulled out his phone, got the notes app out during dinner and you could hear him saying under his breath while typing. I give this 4.2 booms. He loves this. I love him, but don't, oh this is cut off. He loves this. I love him, but don't know if it will stop now because I've asked him and it hasn't, it's almost like a tick. What do I do? You just gotta wait. You gotta wait for the next thing to come out and he'll move on to it.


Stopping him asking him to stop is the opposite of what you should be doing. Just ignore it. But also this guy rocks and you got a real one. Get get get married to him right now. Yeah. It might not work, but one thing you could do is just, you know, do the thing where you do it more than him and then he gets annoyed at you doing it. So then he stops. Well, what you could do is, But that might not work 'cause he might love you doing it and then you're just stuck in bloomville. Yeah, well what you could do is you could rate his ratings and rate and rate it on the doom scale. So you could give him a doom for his rating of your mom's enchiladas being booms. I was hoping that every single rating this guy had was gonna be five booms. Yeah, they're all, they're all good. Yeah, That's kind suck when you're, when he throws out one boom Four, what is it?


4.2 booms? Yeah. I don't know if you can do Cel two booms either. No, you can't. It's pretty good. It's binary. Boom, Boom, boom, boom. That's a boom. Yeah, Yeah. No, this guy is awesome though. I love this guy. Yeah, You're right. You can't do decimals with you with The booms. It's either a boomer, it's not, It's it's one to five. It's Not a half a boom. Yeah, tell him that. Tell him, play him this and be like, hey, we love this guy. He rocks, but his rating system's all fucked up. So either he fixes that or he stops altogether. I'd prefer him to fix it and keep going. But he can't be doing four point twos. No, no. I could see whatever the new trend is that's gonna happen in like six months.


He'll just incorporate that instead of boom. Then you'll have to get upset at him about that. Let guys have hobbies. Yeah. Sounds like he's passionate about this. Yeah, I would encourage it Also sounds like he's keeping a good log of like where you can go back to dinner. Yeah, This is actually, if you take out the boom and the Costco guys from the equation, he's being a good boyfriend. Right? Like, oh, we want tie tonight. And he's like, actually I had a, I had a four. We can't do 4.5 a five. Boom tie dinner, you know, a month ago. Yeah, it says it right here. Yeah. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Fucking love Those guys when he is doing it. I wonder, does he, does he flex? Does he do, he's got, does he do the whole deal? Maybe that's what you say. You say, Hey, if you're gonna do the booms, you don't have anywhere near the biceps of big Justice.


Like, like maybe. Maybe. Maybe you can, the best thing that could happen outta this is you get him in the gym. Yeah. And he still does it Just to make the booms better. Yeah, The booms. Yeah. Okay, good. Show boys. Jeff pass it on Friday talking baseball numbers three. Somebody on the back. Do you, do you want three? No, it's okay. Someone on the bachelor party said 22. That was their submission. Okay. Just pick 22. 1 63. Two 60 What? 63 99 Pill. Oh, there's a ball in there.


29, 15. It would've been, what was your guess? 63. Oh it would've been 61. Oh. Have we got the numbers? Two. Two. Two fans. You have two? Two. I think today's gonna be the day three comes up. Stop. 22. 22. 22. It Can't be three. You're never gonna get it. Be three. Can't be 3 74. You wanna do one more memes? Yeah, let's do one more. Alright. Numbers 2, 3 22 63.


Oh, 54 Memes. You gotta realize when we steal your numbers, it's just, it's just as much nervous for us because if you end up getting it right on ato, like if you get 54 here, we we're to blame. Fair. So it's a risk, but you're also never gonna get it. So that's True. 99. So Max has three. I have 22, 54, 78. Is that back to back? No, It was 74 and 78 and it Was 76. That last one, I'm pretty sure. Wow. Wow. N 75 was stuck in there.


Yep. Love you guys. You're never gonna get it.