
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music.


On today's part of my take, we have an extra long Thanksgiving special for the people. We have Fred Smoot in studio, we have Kirk Cousins. We're going to talk college football. We're gonna talk Monday night football. We're gonna do a weekend preview. We're gonna do a Thanksgiving preview. We will tell everyone exactly in the spot that they can stop the show if they unfortunately have to work on Friday. As is tradition, we say It's like when you go out of town and you leave food for your cat. Yeah. And then, you know you have it on a timer. We're gonna put you guys on a timer. So you get your Wednesday episode, then you get your Friday Episode. Yeah, exactly. So we're looking out for the A WL sending you into a long week off with Thanksgiving, and it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pickups some touchdowns. They're on sale at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect from The number one place to bet touchdowns? DraftKings has Doorbuster Profit Boost and Bet one get one promotions on all types of touchdown bets. Be sure to check the DraftKings Sportsbook app all weekend for flash deals that will have you dancing in the end zone. Grab some tds with the Draftking Sportsbook. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app use code take to opt in. That's code take only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One bonus bet per customer base on amount of initial touchdown BET and expires 168 hours after issuance. One single use boost per customer. That only applies to winnings eSports book dot DraftKings dot com slash promos for additional terms and responsible gaming resources.


Okay, let's go. Hey, football guy. A Tyson. Yeah, my take. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Grab some TDS with DraftKings Sportsbook. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use code take to opt in.


That's code take only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, November 27th. And John Harbaugh unfortunately owns Jim Harbaugh three and oh. Jim Harbaugh sang, sang before the game. I laid down my life for my brother, but I would not let him win a football game. I enjoyed the Harbaugh Bolt. The Ravens are very, very good chargers. They, Quentin Johnson decided to start dropping balls again at the worst possible time. But that was a raven, like the Ravens dominated that second half and they are who we thought they are. They were a Super Bowl contender. I think the Ravens dominated the second half and also the last two minutes of the first half.


Yes. Going Forward, although going forward on fourth down, that was crazy. That was a great call. And you know what, I'm gonna say it, if it hadn't worked out, I would absolutely kill John Hardwell. Oh Duh. But It worked out. So he's a genius. Yeah. But if it didn't work, fire him. I, I feel like that call on, what were they on their own? 20 19, 19 20. Yeah. I feel like that call was the Harbaugh Ball getting the best of him where he is. Like, I normally I wouldn't do this, but against my brother, I gotta fucking Do this. You got to, you Got do I gotta fucking do this? This, this was their Super Bowl. Yeah, for sure. Their mom and dad were watching it was their anniversary. They were watching with Tom Greene. Yep. That should have been the Manning cast last night.


Absolutely. It should have been Jack and Jonie and then Tom Greene. I I, I walked away from that game. Not really changing my opinions on either team. Like Ravens are really good. The Chargers, they have to, I think the Chargers are, are good and they have to play perfect to beat a Ravens like team. I do wonder, little, little thought I had when I was watching the game. Is there a chance Hank bet the Chargers to miss the playoffs. Well, Hank cash out of his chargers Super Bowl be right, which is pretty much the same thing. Do You think he I didn't. You did not. I did. I didn't. Are you sure? I did not. I'm positive a hundred percent. I've, I've, again, Draftking sports book, they have a great feature of the Barill betting group. All my bets go in there, so, okay. It's trackable.


There's, there's proof. There's a, a, you know, documented history. Yeah. No chargers to make the playoffs has been placed A fully documented history of your troll bets. Not troll bets, just smart good plays. If you wanna win some money, follow me on the draftings. Yeah. I, as a hungry dog doing this year, It's up to units, which is positive. Yeah. Right. Like you want be positive when you gamble. Do You wanna be positive about things? So Would you Yeah. Plus teams is Good. You're gonna have a positive mindset. Derrick Henry continues to be a beast. Yeah. It's the return of the running backs and the fact that Derrick Henry and Saquon Barkley are complete game changers in, in today's NFL And I, I do think that some of the reason why they got Derrick Henry was just because he's so fucking big that they will, they will not forget to put him in the game late on.


They'll like, keep him going. You know, he's a giant looming presence on the sideline. So if, if John Harbaugh is starting, starting to think like, let's get cute with it like we did in the Playoffs last year. Derrick Henry, he's so big that you, you're like, oh shit. Yeah, we have that guy. Let's keep running him. And he just, he wears you down. He tenderizes you over the course of a game. And it also just further proves, well, we already know, but we, I would tackle him by his chain. Yeah. Well he, why, why don't more people do that? Just reach in, grab the chain A kid, Talib, he would've Yeah. Fucking ripped his throat out. They The, when he gets outside and it's just one-on-one, it's, it's, they're Saquon Barkley and Derrick Henry are the same, but they do it in a different way. Saquon Barkley, when he gets out in space one-on-one, you know, he is gonna make a guy miss.


There's just nothing the guy can do. Derrick Henry, when he gets out in space one-on-one, the guy just can't tackle him. Especially if we're like, the NFL has gotten a little, the, the edge rushers have gotten a little lighter. Like the teams are playing, you know, too high safety and the, and defensive linebackers are a little bit, they're, it's not Ray Lewis anymore where it's like, you know, these guys in the upper 200 pounds. It's just Derrick Henry can just bowl over people. And it we're stupid. We have dumb opinions, but it just needs to be reminded. That situation is so, so important in all of sports, but especially the NFL because if Derrick Henry was still on the Titans and Saquon Barkley was still on the Giants, they'd be having Okay.


Years on bad teams And we wouldn't be talking about them. But when you put 'em on good teams with a ton of talent around them, that's hard to defend. You get the best of both where it's like, yeah. Running backs still do matter, especially when you have an elite one and they're the cherry on, on the top of a really good football team. Yeah. Maybe the Giants were right to not pay Saquon Barkley. Well, they were, I I they were wrong to pay Daniel Jones. But I do think that, like, I know what you're saying. It is that like a good running back on a good team is worth the investment. A good running back on a bad team, it'll just kind of make you like a little bit less bad. Like if the new, if the New York Giants had Saquon Barkley this year, and this is where I feel bad for Giants fans, because it's basically a, a constant, the clip of, of Mar and, and Joe Shane, like, you know, talking in the off season, that's just being hammered in their head and memes does the, he's trying to deflect from the Jets where he just keeps posting like rushing yards for the Giants, rushing yards for Saquon Barkley touchdowns for Saquon Barkley touchdowns, the Giants, all those insult stats.


If Saquon Barkley was on the Giants this year, would the Giants have maybe one more win? Yeah. At Least. Like, they would still be a bad football team because they don't have everything else. They don't have a quarterback. So I, yeah, I I think the, the running back position is like, if you already have the foundation and a good team and then you add an elite running back, then it's, yeah. That's, that's where running back becomes very important and takes you to a Super Bowl level. It's definitely worth it. And there's, there are a few games where you can look back on and be like, one play really did kind of change the outcome of this game. And then this one would be Quentin Johnson dropping that. Yes. Wide open pass. And then He probably still would've lost. But that was, that was a 30 yard game Probably.


It was a 30 yard gain at least. And it was, it was huge in terms of what happened right afterwards, they give the ball away, they punt away, and then the, the Ravens go score touchdown. It feels at that point like it's outta reach. Now in that instance, if he catches that, I still, the Chargers have a pretty good chance to win that game. Yeah. Or at least come back and, and make it very, very close down the stretch. Now I have a question for you about the way Justin Herbert handled that. Yeah. So he drops that. That's kind of been the knock against Quentin. He's had some bad times in the NFL. Yeah, he is, he's looked pretty good this Year. His hands don't always Work. They don't always work. It's okay. It happens. So when, when he drops that pass, Justin Herbert goes back and immediately throws two more passes to him in the fourth quarter and he drops both of those as well.


Do you think that that was the right thing for Justin Herbert to do, to be like, I trust my guy, I'm gonna try to build back his confidence, or do you think it was very mean of Justin Herbert to keep throwing the ball to him? Or was it dumb of Justin Herbert to keep throwing The ball to him? Is there an option C that the Chargers don't have elite wide receiver talent and you gotta kind of just do what you got? Like Joshua Palmer was getting these deep targets, like Yeah. It reminds you that the Chargers are Build the whole team at a lad. Yeah. Lad McConkey iss awesome. But the Chargers are, I feel like an elite wide receiver next year away from being a real, real threat. Yeah. Which 'cause it, it is like when you throw it to Quentin Johnson in crunch time, he's had a nice season.


He's kind of recaptured a little of what we thought he was gonna be when he was drafted outta TCU. But it do, it is a reminder that, oh man, if they had a T Higgins or you know Yeah. One of these guys, you know, a DJ Moore or I don't even know, like you can list a bunch of guys where it's like even a Jordan Addison if they had someone, What if they had Zay Flowers or Jordan Addison Big Cat. Yeah. Hypothetically, hypothetically the two receivers that were drafted right after Quentin Johnson. Yeah. That would Be nice. Yeah. I think it's kind of funny that we're talking about the charges And we like, they're, they're a good receiver away from being a really good team, which goes to show you how much Harbaugh has completely flipped what the charges were on its head. Yeah. Like the knock against the charge in the past was always like kind of a soft team, couldn't like run the football, couldn't stop the run.


Their defense is very good. Yeah. JK Dobbins getting hurt was o obviously big. Yeah. That which You can't really rely on him to be healthy unfortunately. But he's changed the Chargers up so much. Yeah. That they're sometimes winning games that they would've easily lost in the past 10 seasons. And instead we're talking about them like they just need like a great wide receiver. Yeah. They're, which is all they used to have. Yeah. They used to have. And, and it's, it's, I mean this is a rebuilding year for the Chargers and I, they're gonna be a playoff team and I still, I still would take like the Chargers can beat anyone. They again, they have to play a perfect game. They can't have the Quentin Johnson drop. I have a fun fact for you about the Ravens and their dominance. You ready for this? The Ravens the only team to hold the Baltimore Ravens under 20 points this season.


Who is it? Let's see. They lost to the Raiders, but I think that was a high scoring game. Yeah, It was recently, within the last three weeks. Oh, The Pittsburgh Steelers. The Steelers. Okay. Yeah. So the only team to hold them under 20 points, that's how good the Ravens offense has been before that. Who's the only other team to hold them under 20 points. The Steelers Cowboys week 18 of 2023 against the Pittsburgh Steelers. Before that, who was the only team to hold the murder 20 points Steelers The Steelers Week five of 2023. The Ravens, as long as they don't have to play the Steelers will just dominate anyone on offense. Yeah. So the last three times they've been held under 20 points.


It's been the Pittsburgh Steelers that was from Alex Ka Korra, sorry for butchering your name, but yeah, that's what the Ravens offense is. It's, it's just elite. And I didn't even think like Lamar wa it wasn't like one of those nights, he had a couple moments where you're like, holy shit. But it wasn't a true, Lamar has taken over this game. He played good. Yeah. Not incredible. And they still scored 30 points. He didn't Have that sick touchdown run where he did the exact same thing he did in his high school. Highlight take. Yes. We just stopped at the corner and let the guy go right by him. Yeah. Did you see there, so the, the, the charges right now I've got them, what are they, 35 to one to win the Super Bowl? Yeah. Well you don't Have 'em. That's, no, no. I'm, I'm looking at the odds right now. Oh yeah, Yeah. You can hop back in, I think, I think I might hop back in on the charges to win the Super Bowl at 35 to one.


Yeah. What, what do you have 'em at? I Have 40 to one and 35 to one. So hop back in. Be a friendship thing. Not you, Hank you're not in the friend group by the way. You mentioned that Lamar touchdown run. So Kevin Clark had an anecdote he called the high school coach of Lamar Jackson. Yeah. His name's Don Hanna and Lamar Jackson did that kind of play against him in high school. And Don Hannah said like he was questioning whether he should be a football coach after Lamar Jackson did that. He said, there's something I'm not doing to put my kids in position to be successful. The feeling stayed with Hannah for a long time. Jackson had made him question his own coaching. Fast forward two years later and he's watching Florida State and Louisville and can't believe what he's doing against one of the top teams in college football.


I feel a lot better. Fast forward another two years later, he's doing against the NFL and no one can tackle him. And he is like, oh, actually I'm fine. I maybe should be an NFL coach. Yeah. So Lamar Jackson had a guy basically questioning his existence for like a five year spin off of how great Lamar Jackson is. There's a good lesson in that. Don't blame yourself so quickly for small mistakes that you make. Yes. Yes. Because maybe other people make those mistakes much more publicly than you. Yes. So I do, I I like the idea though that the Steelers have built a defense kind of specifically to beat the, the Ravens. And if you can, if you can beat the Ravens, then it'll make you pretty good against everybody else too, right? Right. Yeah. You, you'll you just need to find a way to play the Ravens.


It's basically a Kirby smart Alabama situation. If one team to beat, if the, if the Steelers ever have to play the Ravens in a Super Bowl, I'm taking the Steelers. Yeah. I mean you might not beat every team all the time, but if you can beat the Ravens consistently, then you will do, you'll be hitting probably like 60%, 70% against the rest of the NFL. Yeah. Okay. Do we have anything else from week 12 before we get in? So, so the plan today is we're going to talk college football. We're gonna do the, the Thanksgiving games with a pick. And then we are gonna have an interview with Fred Smoot. And then we can, everyone who wants to stop can stop. If you have to work on Friday, you can stop. Then we're gonna do all the, the Sunday games and then we're gonna finish with the interview.


Great interview with Kirk Cousins. So try to Close your eyes and, and figure out who's Kirk Cousins and who's Fred Smoot. Yeah. Bet you Can't. Yeah, it's gonna be tough. Where's Hot Sea Cool Throne in the house? Hot Sea, cool Thrones. Right before Fred Smoot. So it's basically the regular show and then we add on Friday show at the end with another interview for the people. Let's do a little college football.


By the way, it's brought to you by our friends at Gametime Gametime, the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports football season is here. We can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature. They're making it even easier to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out the fluff to show you only incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. I was looking at tickets rivalry weekend. Hank Camp Randall Battle for the ax. Yes. Need it very cheap, very affordable tickets. You can get in for as cheap as $35. Okay, so go. If you want to go see $28 apologies, Wisconsin, hopefully keep their bowl streak of 22 years alive. You can go to Gametime tickets and just pull up your chosen event. Turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen, or browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you on your Gametime app homepage. What are you waiting for? Buy those tickets to see Wisconsin and Minnesota on Friday. Download the Gametime app and use code PMT to easily score great deals, new Gametime picks. What time is it Gametime?


Okay, week 13 in college football was, I don't wanna take a victory lap, but I'm gonna take a victory lap because, and I, I think I speak for all of us here. We were all on the side of the 12 team playoff rules. The 12 team playoff is gonna be great. Anyone who says the regular season won't matter is not seeing the big picture, not the name names of Tom Ferelli We saw on Saturday a chaotic, chaotic scene all across the country in games that would not have mattered if it weren't for the 12 team playoffs. Ole Miss two, lost ole miss team losing to Florida. That game doesn't matter if it's a 14 playoff to Los Alabama losing to Oklahoma, that game doesn't matter if it's a 14 playoff.


We had Texas a and m losing late to Auburn. That game doesn't matter if it's 12 team, if it's a 14 playoff. So having these games means so much. And I know, you know, you'd be like, well, a a two lost team or th shouldn't even be in the conversation. Well they are now because it's 12 team playoff. I loved it. I loved every second of it. It basically started, the Saturday started where Indiana was the big loser because of how Ohio State treated them. And by the end of the night, the big winners were Indiana and Tennessee because the SEC spent all the early slate watching Indiana lose and being like, told you so we're gonna get six teams in. And then they pissed down their leg and now the SEC is littered with three lost teams that maybe one of them gets in.


But may that, that might even be too Many. Maybe not. Yeah, maybe not. So. So if you're an Indiana fan, your Saturday went as follows. Never daunted. Game starts first quarter, never daunted second quarter. I'm starting to feel maybe a little bit daunted, but I won't publicly say that I'm daunted a Touch of daunt Ness. Second half. You know what? I'm definitely daunted and maybe it's okay to be daunted. Maybe, maybe we're not ready to be undaunted just yet. Then the SEC game start. We're fucking never daunted. We're never daunted. Yes. Now you get to point to the scoreboard for SEC teams and anyone that says to Indiana, well maybe you know, you shouldn't get your ass kicked by Ohio State and just point to the rest of your schedule being cupcakes.


Well guess what? Now the SEC and teams like Notre Dame, you can't make the schedule argument anymore because Indiana, if you just look at their losses and you look at their wins and their overall strength and schedule, you can't say that you should be in over Indiana anymore. Yeah. So it was crazy. And now I'm gonna take, I'm, I've been a big like pro college football playoff guy since they announced it. I think that having a 12 and eventually 16 playoff is awesome. It's good. Every other sport has a tournament like this. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna do devil's advocate for Tom Ferelli. Okay. 'cause this thought crept into my head on the drive in this morning. Is there an argument to be made that teams like powerhouse teams are losing more frequently because they don't have that same sense of urgency every single week?


Like, you have to be perfect or else you do not get into the 14 playoff? No, I don't think that's the case. I think it's the parody of the NIL and the transfer portal has made it so it's a lot more flattened out. And it's not like this year is, I mean, this year has had chaos, but we still have a, a undefeated Oregon team. We still have a one loss Ohio State team. We still have a one loss Texas team and one like, so there still would be a four team playoff that we just never paid attention to five through 12. Right. And now we are, you know what I mean? Like, the conversation on Saturday would've just been Ohio State, Penn State almost losing to Minnesota, by the way, shadow James Franklin.


That fake punt was awesome. Like it would've, it would've just shifted our eyes to, we're only watching those four teams play and not the rest of the teams that are still eligible for the Playoffs. Like if you're Georgia, you don't think that there's like a small, small bit that's like if if you, if all these games are must wins, they come out, they play just a tiny, tiny bit more focused or harder against Ole Miss. No, I, I mean I think they play, I think Ole Miss was just the better team. They were the better team that day. Yeah. Yeah. I think they were team, it was a thought better team. It was a thought that I had now. No, to, I'm still in favor of the playoffs. Tom's point, and I understand Tom's point is that the, like Notre Dame losing to NIU in the past would've been a, a catastrophic loss that ended their season.


Yeah. And you do lose a little of that. I, I agree with Tom there, but Notre Dame's playing good ball right now. Like I know that Army, I, I, I had Notre Dame verse Army, I thought they were gonna kill him. They killed him. Army was undefeated going into that game. I wanna see Notre Dame and I don't know if Notre Dame can win the entire thing, but they could probably win a playoff game. Maybe two. I do think there's been such a mess at all these all, all these like conferences And we, I mean the Big 12 has eight teams still, still could get into the Big 12 championship game. I do strongly think that if your name's not Oregon, Ohio State or Georgia, you're not gonna win the whole thing. But I'm happy about the 12 team playoff. Yeah. So it's kind of like we're gonna get to the same thing at the end, but it's gonna be more fun during the season because you have these crazy results that, like Alabama losing to Oklahoma, Alabama already would've had just a disappointing, this season is over before Saturday night.


Then having that, it's like, holy shit, how do you not make the 12 team playoff? You're Alabama. Could you see Tennessee going on a little run? Tennessee also possibly was a big winner throughout. Yeah, yeah. This Saturday. Like everything that had to happen in Tennessee and more happened. Yeah. I said that the Indiana and Tennessee were the big winners. The I could, I'm still a little nervous about Nico. Yeah. But I've seen like flashes here and there from, he hasn't been good this season, don't get me wrong. But he's had a couple plays a couple games where I'm like, oh this guy's really good. And I, anytime I see that out of a young player, I'm like, what if they just become that player? Yeah. The other big winner we should say is the a CC. Because now SMU in Miami in a collision course too, which I'm not ruling out, more chaos happening this weekend.


I think rivalry weekend throughout the record books, there could be more chaos that we don't even see. But SMU and Clem or SMU in Miami, both of them should get in now with a bunch of three loss SEC teams. They should. Yeah. And Texas a and m by the way, is still alive if they win out. Yeah. So if Texas a and m beats Texas, they'll be in the SEC championship game and if they win the SEC championship game, they're automatically in. So there's another big story that happened after Oklahoma beat Alabama. Brent Fables. Yes. The, the under fire coach, I would say for Oklahoma. Yeah. I think that's fair to call him. He spent a Saturday night at a Taco Bell in Norman after beating Alabama.


He and his daughters spent $94 at Taco Bell. How many daughters? I'm gonna guess two. Okay. I'm gonna guess two daughters. That's a lightweight order. That's $94 at Taco Bell between a football coach and two S. I could do a problem, I Could do that. No problem. He might have had like $70 worth of orders. Yeah. So I don't know how that breaks down, but I do know that that's, that's kind of a big boy. It's a big boy order to do that with your daughters. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, hey, he deserved it. They they rushed the field twice. Yeah. They rushed the field. There was rushing the field everywhere. Hank already pointed, pointed out. 'cause he seems to only care about our teams losing PFT that Nebraska rushed the team on Rush the field on Wisconsin.


It's a big win for Nebraska. Yeah. They deserve it. They, they haven't, they haven't been to a bowl game in like A decade. Yeah. Been a bad bad football team. Yeah. Really Bad. And, and shout our good friend Dana. 'cause he, he turned around that offense. Yeah. Oh good. Shout out to Dana. Shout out Dan. Also news breaking this morning. Mack Brown has been fired. Oh, I thought he was gonna come Back. M Brown has been fired by the University of North Carolina. He Said he wanted to come back after he tried to retire halfway through the season. He quit. He quit after JMU beat them. I think it was 70 to 50. Yeah. And he quit for 24 hours. I I don't even think it was 24 hours. I think it was like a five hour. Five hour quit. Remember? He told his team, I don't think I can coach you anymore. And then on Sunday they talked to Mack Brown's assistant and he was like, he'll be at work.


He'll be at work on Monday. Yeah. Don't, he says this all the time. This is Mack. So you think Mack does you think he gets another job where he goes back to tv? I would say he's probably done Probably going to tv. Yes. I would say he's probably done. That's interesting because now we'll see it. I mean if, if Kirby Smart wins the national title this year we're gonna have, there's how many national title head coaches will be. Will there be like zero? There'll just be Kirby Smart. Just Kirby Smart, right? No Dabo. Yep. Dabo. Dabo. And because Jimbo's gone. Yeah. Harbaugh's gone. Harbaugh's gone. Ed O's obviously gone. Urban Meyer's gone. Saban's gone. Saban's gone. I don't know if we're forgetting someone.


I'm sure we are in fucking this up. No, I don't. I don't know. I Think we're right. I think that's it. So if you just be, I mean obviously Ryan Day or Dan Lanning could, could join the, the crew this year. Yeah. I think that's it, right? Yeah. It's crazy. Mack Brown was the, was the best part of the trivia question of how many head coaches currently have a national title. Yeah. That was the do know ball. Question about Mac. Last thing I wanted to talk about with college football. Do you wanna do a new segment? A new segment? It's Called our Unbiased take on the Heisman Trophy race. Okay. Okay. So It's hot. Why is it so hot in the studio? Alright, so quick, unbiased, take on the Heisman Trophy race.


I have a couple things I would like to say to Heisman voters that might be listening. Listen here to put your Laptop down. I don't think. Okay. All right. Put my laptop down. I have some stats I have to read as well. I'll find them on my phone. So unbiased take on the Heisman Trophy race. The first thing I'd like to say is, so I believe the Heisman ballots go out on Monday and you can send them in as early as you want. Or you could wait for conference championship weekend to happen. We know how politics have worked in the last whatever decade, actually going all the way back to 2000 fraught with, you know, maybe some voter fraud, some irregularities. What I would like to say to the Heisman voters is send in your ballot early.


Make sure your ballot gets counted. You get that ballot on Monday or Tuesday, you fill it out, you send it right back. So I've read nothing in conference championship weekend can change your opinion. Yeah. And there's nothing to stop you from registering in multiple states either. Correct. You don't have to worry about signature verification if you're in California. I know it. Sometimes it'll take the voters from California maybe two months to process the vote. Yes. So you should get them in now just so you have a higher likelihood of them getting counted. If you look at it, I think it really comes down to two guys. Big Cat, I think it's, it's Genty from Boise State. Ashton Gent. He having a great year. He's Having a great year. You have fantastic year. You know, they're saying that he had, he's doing things that haven't been done for like 30 years or so.


Oh, hold that thought real quick. I'm holding the thought, I'm holding space for that thought right now. Unbiased, unbiased, unbiased. Heisman Trophy talk. Can you say that last sentence again? Yeah. Ashton Gente is doing stuff that, you know, people are saying that it hasn't been done for 30 years or so. Yeah. Melvin Gordon in 2014, I can't remember what team he played for. He had 2,587 yards, 7.5 yards per carry, which is the same as Ash Genti 32 total touchdowns. Now Ashing Genti right now has 2000, a little over 2000 yards and 28 total touchdowns. Yeah. So he could get to those numbers. Melvin Gordon played in, I think it was the Big 10. Yeah. And didn't Melvin Gordon, he, he put up some of those stats against a very avan Nebraska defense.


Didn't He remember 400 yards against Nebraska? A Really tough defense with great linebackers. Another Random guy. 'cause we've never seen this before. Again, Ashton Genti having a great year. No, no. Like he's having a great year. Monty Ball. I don't know where he played 2011, he had just south of 2000 yards, 39 total touchdowns. And He was Fat. And he was fat. And he did that I think, I think he was in the Big 10 as well. We also have just random guys, Kevin Smith who played for UCF in 2007. He had 2,500 to Russian yards and 29 touchdowns. And Rashad Penny, who actually plays in the Mountain West in 2017 had 2,248 yards, 7.8 yards per carry, which is more than Ash Gente and 23 touchdowns.


So it seems like we maybe have seen this before. Again, we're very unbiased here. This is our unbiased Heisman trophy take. Yeah. And you know, Barry Sanders did it a long time ago. All time. Great. Yeah. Nothing take away from Barry Sanders. He had some very, very impressive stats that are, I think currently as they stand better than Ashton Gente. So Ashton Gente is doing stuff that has almost never been done before, with the exception of those, what, five people that you mentioned. Well Actually I, I, I wanna give credit to Ashton Gente real quick because he has done something that's never been done before. As far as I know, he had nine total touchdowns against Utah State and Georgia Southern. Wow.


I don't know if anyone else has done that. So a a third of his to, or Yeah, a third of his total touchdowns came against Utah State and Georgia Southern. So he has done something that no one's ever done. Yeah. So, but overall, big picture zooming out. Very impressive season. Incredible. I'd say one of the best seasons for running back of all time In the last five, 10 years. Five years. Five years. Five 10 years now. Wait, Georgia Southern, they beat Ole Miss, right? I don't think so. Oh, they lost Ole Miss. Yeah. Yeah. They had one big Oh yeah, Utah Madison four wins. He beat James Madison. That's what it was West. So you're right. Big Cat. Pretty impressive season.


Travis Hunter was the other name that came to mind. Oh. Who's, Who does he play for? He plays, I don't even know, I don't even cognize. He plays for the Colorado Buffalos. Ask me what position he plays. PFT. What position does he Play? He plays two positions. Big Cat. What At Is He kicker and punter at the Highest of levels? He probably could, he could be like Sammy Ball. Oh. If you let him. And he also plays a little bit of quarterback too. They do a lot of direct snaps him. So really kind of three positions. Okay. For the Colorado Buffalos. He plays wide receiver cornerback and yeah. Occasionally he'll take some snaps as as the quarterback in some running situations. Mm. Now he's doing things that nobody has ever done. Wow. In the history of college football. Not even in the last five, 10 years. Not Even in the last five to 10 years.


No. And it's like every time he puts the ball, you put the ball in his hands, he scores a touchdown, which is pretty impressive. And he doesn't get bottled up in halves either. I've noticed that. Sometimes you can say about other players, they might be bottled up for a little bit, but you give him enough reps, they're gonna break one through. Yeah. You can't bottle up Travis Hunter. Right. You can't bottle him up. Right. The guy is, he's a beast. He is a ball hawk and he's dynamic with the ball in his hands. And he's probably gonna be invited to be the, to the awards for the top defensive back in the country and also the top wide receivers in the country. I believe that's Anik off. And is it the Jim Thorpe? Yeah. He'll probably be nominated for both of those awards. I got a question for you.


PFT. So does he, what, what cornerback and wide receiver does he play? Over a hundred snaps a game. Yeah. Even more than that you could say, because you don't take into account the penalties as our good friend Joel, Joe Klatt Oh. Would tell us Joet. So when you look at the total snaps that he plays, it's way over a hundred snaps per game. Yeah. So, alright, last question about this guy, Travis Hunter, who I'm just learning about. So he plays both sides. He doesn't score touchdowns, does He? All he does is score touchdowns per, Did he score a couple on Saturday? He had a pair of touchdowns on Saturday. But Colorado you said that he played for Colorado. Yeah, they lost to Kansas. So did Kansas throw for like a million yards or did they run for a million Yards? No, they ran the football. Oh, They ran the football.


So actually he, he, he did his job and he, if you watch the game, which I didn't, but I'm just saying I, I might have watched the game. They just didn't throw at him because he's such a good cornerback. They Don't really throw at him. But even when they don't throw at him, he still manages to get interceptions. That's crazy. Yeah. Wow. Any questions Hank? No. I feel like, it seems like, it seems like there's no media bias whatsoever. It's not a, a popularity contest. Correct. People are, I've, I've seen people say that it doesn't really make sense. Like this isn't a, has nothing to do with this popularity or, you know, the sexiness of it. It's just strictly numbers. Well, I mean, PFT just explained it like we're, it's one guy who we've literally never seen this happen before.


And then another guy who we see it happen every five to 10 years. And then also maybe sometimes against better competition in the Big 10, Melvin Gordon, Monty Ball again, I don't know who they play for. So Yeah, I mean this is a no brainer. If I had a Heisman vote, I think I'd go Travis Hunter. We we did a bad job this year. We didn't really talk about the Heisman much. So I'm happy that we're kind of at the end of the regular season when again, you should send in your vote early, often right away. No, no con I don't count conference championship Weekend. No, don't wait, don't wait to see what happens. Anything could happen. So Send in your vote early and it sounds like it's kind of Travis Hunter. I think if I had to vote right now, I think I'd vote Travis Hunter Unbias.


Who, who else do, whose line is it anyway, you guys said you haven't been locked in, but whose who, whose line is it anyway, would you say for the Heisman trophy right now? Well, I mean it should be like Travis hundred minus like 5,000. If everything what PFT said is correct Right now it's travis hundred minus 800, minus 800 GT is plus 600. Well That's kind of crazy because it, it doesn't seem like, again, we're, it's something we've never seen before. I mean, it might have said hundreds like basically a sure thing. No, no, I wouldn't say's It's a sure thing at all. It's a fucking guy. I think it's Hank this fucking guy. Tell the truth. Tell the truth. Hank, Look at me right now. Hold on. I'm putting, hold on. Tell the truth. Hank, did you bet on Ashton Gent to win the Heisman? No.


No, I did not. Okay. I'm, and if you followed me on the drafting sports book, Barcel betting group, you would know that un unbiased At that point. I would almost respect it if you bet on Travis GenY. I'll be crazy. I bet. On Travis Hunter. Un Unbiased, unbiased Heisman trophy conversation is over. I I put my sweatshirt back on. What the fuck are you doing? I'm fed up. What the fuck are You doing? I'm just, I I'm, I'm just tall. I'm you piece of shit. You were doing a thing I thought I was trying to speed from, from the hate. Okay. My bad. Okay, Travis. No, you Just said it was a shirt thing. Whatcha doing? No, that's not what I said. Travis Hunter has. That's not what I said. Travis nine receiving touchdowns. 74 receptions. Hold on. I got 911 receiving yards. He's got two carries and a rushing touchdown. Okay. That's a pretty high percentage, isn't it?


What's that? We're back To unbiased. What, what is Ashton? Ty's carry a touchdown ratio. Is it better than two carries with a rushing touchdown? Probably not. Does does score touchdowns 50% of the time he touched at the ball. No, definitely Not. Okay. Does he play defense? He Does not play defense. Okay. So Travis, he he Also plays in the mountain west, which I liked the mountain west. Great mountain West almost lost Travis Hunter. 23 3 tackles, eight Ps three picks and Oh yeah, he has a forced fumble at the goal line that won his team a game. Wow. Wow. That's crazy. That is crazy. It Hank, I I don't like you Hank. Lock It up. Come on Hank. I love you. Fucking clean it up.


Love you Too. All right. Unbiased. Heisman talk is over. That was our college football talk. I'm happy for the listeners that we were able to finally talk about the Heisman Trophy, which we haven't done all year. So You think, you think any voters out there just hate Dion so much that they'll take a vote out against him? Well, Those people should, those people should hand in their vote. And, and don't, don't vote if you're, if you, if you are that biased Yes. Because we're unbiased. Be a big J be a big JJ and admit your biases and be like, you know what? I am going to recuse myself from voting because there's a conflict of interest. Yeah. Because Dion wouldn't answer my question at a press conference. Yeah. And vote early. Vote often.


We can't say it enough. Make sure you get that in conference championship games don't really matter. Okay. Let's do our Thanksgiving preview and then we'll do hot seat Cool Terone and get to Fred Smoot.


It is brought to you by our friends at Amazon Black Friday. Football's on, it's only on Prime video This Friday, the Las Vegas Raiders take on the Kansas City Chiefs. It's an old school rivalry for a new game day. Join Al Michaels, Kirk Herb Streete and Kaley Hartung for this exciting matchup Coverage begins at 1:30 PM Eastern with kickoff at 3:00 PM Not a prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's Black Friday Football, the Raiders and the Chiefs at 1:30 PM Eastern. And it's on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/ Amazon Prime for details.


I, by the way, we did that whole thing and I don't know why. So Pug Max is in Philly. Pug is, I don't know what we have on the TV right now. We have like a a, they're like a English like artifact finders. Why are we Watching this in roadshow? Pug, what did you put on the tv? I don't, I have max up right Now. No, you do not. We, we are watching two British women. Look at like an old scroll British Look at this is a good furnishing example. 'cause it said pounds. Yeah, I think you just look British. Yeah. See it in their teeth. It was the teeth. Yeah. What a beautiful pair of earrings that we have here. Oh, look at this. How are come to your life? This When we colonized, my mom actually gave them to me as a wedding present, but they actually came from me.


Mom. We put her Granny, Granny. So my great granny. Oh, how wonderful. Oh granny. This, they're absolutely stunning. What Is this? This is from when we colonized every country in the world. Our prince, Our, our prince Harry is left for the United States, but now he's in a professional separation from from his girlfriend. Yeah. Let's Not talk about gave Up the kingdom for a, for a girl, A pedophile. Ah, max, you're back. I dunno why we had that on. Are you in a bathroom Max? Are you, can you hear us? No, I'm, I'm in a basement and my mic just got fucked up Again. Oh no. Literally right. Are you pooping like seconds Before? Huh? You look, you're in a bathroom. We Should, you look like you're in a bathroom. We Should do an episode where we're all pooping. Oh, that Would be good. Pardon my poop. Max, real quick, before we talk about the Thanksgiving games and the Black Friday game, did you, were you able to hear our unbiased Heisman conversation?


Yeah. Hank's a fucking asshole. He always is. What was it? It was like, what do you mean what Basically pt I were playing a perfect pick and roll offense. So was I And then Hank just showed up and just tripped us Both. No you weren't. I said it, I said basically you got whatever He said basically Max, You, you just tried to jinx it. You no, Hank you've done that a million times. I was, I was talking, I was talking from Abi. He don't, he doesn't, he doesn't Stuck his tro mode. It's his life. He doesn't know how to get out of it. It's his Life. I did love This is the Brooks. This is, there's sometimes when I troll it's Like you can, I did love Barstow Paul being like, all he does is try to make the podcast better and all you guys hate on him. Yeah.


And I, I Mean Hank did a phenomenal job on, on Monday's episode, I will say that. Yeah. Mt Phenomenal, phenomenal podcasting by Henry. Yeah. Instead, instead of calling timeout to hate like Mr. Kraft would like him to do, he literally calls timeout to hate. So he has more time to hate. I Have Travis Hunter, like I had Travis Hunter. I I actually think it'd be very funny if you had secretly had JY this entire time. But Like that's where it's like you guys are coming down my throat. I'm in the same exact We're on, what are we doing? We're coming down your throat. I know, I don't think you did that on purpose, but I think your brain Yes. Automatically Goes by said it was a lock then. That'd be different. I said so basically switch.


Yeah. That's opening up the idea to to to whatever. I was trying to play into their Bit. How, how was that playing along? I'm just curious. It wasn't a bit by the way Because I was doing the, like you guys, I was basically giving the sides of people who were against Travis Hunter and I was giving you guys the opportunity to refute it by being like, oh, like it's, it's a popularity contest. No. Like, oh it must be a sure thing then. Like no, There's a, a great quote. You're giving a reason for why it's not a sure thing and you should vote early. Hank, there's a great quote by Kurt Flanagan I think he says, we are what we pretend to be, so we must be very careful about what we pretend to be. And I feel like you've pretended to be a troll so much that is actually running through your blood right now. I Think it's opposite. I think he does 50.


Your entire career is based off being a troll. Like, like this whole, like the t word gets thrown around. How do you, how do you think I know that like gets a negative thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, let's talk Thursday and Friday games. We're gonna do one pick each for Thursday or Yeah. For Thursday and Friday. And then we'll do two picks on Sunday. What is the updated standings? Do we have that? I believe Max had two wins last weekend. So Max is now a half game back of me. So he is still in last and I'm one game back of you Big Cat. And I think you might be one game back of We're a human centipede of losing picks. Yeah. Nobody is five. Five losers. Me and Hank 12 and 12 Big Cat.


1113 PFT 10, 14 max nine 14 and one. Okay, so let's talk the games. First up. Bears at Lions. Lions minus 10 over under 48 and a half. I am on high alert of a very embarrassing Thanksgiving. Yeah. This is a, it's bad timing to be playing against the Lions right now as the early game on Thanksgiving. Yeah. Because that's gonna set the tone for your entire day. It, it feels, yeah. It, I know the Lions lost last year to the Packers. I don't, I don't feel good about the Bears chances in this game. Did you guys see Matt ifu who by the way, I, they should fire him after we get embarrassed by the Lions.


Because at this point I know the Bears have never fired a, a coach in a hundred years history in Midseason at this point. You should honestly tell Caleb like, Hey we fucked up with Shane Waldron and Matt Ilu our bad. We're firing him right now. It's your franchise. You're gonna have a very big part of who we hire next because it's your franchise. So you're saying Fire Ebra flus after Thanksgiving after, Right after than on Thanksgiving. Leave him in Detroit. Leave him In Detroit. He was asked about the challenge that he had of Jordan Addison where, you know, he might've gone outta bounds and they challenged the play. He says it always warrants a challenge when you have that big of a game.


Even if we don't have the best look at what we would have. Yeah. That's not good. He's Admitting that essentially if there's an explosive play, even if you think that it, everything was fine, just challenge it because you just want to challenge it. Yeah. Rage Challenge. Yeah. Yeah. It happens all the time. Coaches challenge a play because they don't like what happened and but they don't admit that they don't. They wanna admit it but he admits it. Yeah. Which is pretty crazy. There should be somebody on that staff that is in charge of watching the plays and telling them when to challenge. That's bad. It's a bad thing to, to think it's a bad thing to do and it's a pretty, pretty terrible thing to admit publicly. Yes. It's almost like he wants to be fired. Do you think, is David Montgomery gonna play? I don't think it Matters.


I don't know. Yeah, It doesn't matter. The lions are gonna do whatever they want on offense because that's the biggest thing is the Bears Defense is take fallen off a cliff injury update. Will a lion play on Thanksgiving? This is pug pug on the computer. He sits out walkthrough practice. Yeah. Lion are gonna win this game. I don't know what to say. I just hope the Kale plays well. Like the lions are gonna win this game. It's crazy that we are in a world where for the longest time the Thanksgiving early game was the Lions like in the midst of a, a terrible season and you have the sad pilgrim guy taking a nap halfway through the game. Lion's the best team in football and they get their, their center stage on Thanksgiving. I wish it wasn't at my expense, but it is. And I understand the, the deal here.


I'm always curious about the pattern of Lions fans on Thanksgiving. 'cause you've had this game for a very long time. It was only yours and I think Jerry Jones was like, I want to get in on some of that Turkey action. Yeah, gimme that. The Cowboy should have one too. But it's, it's been the lions tradition. What is the pattern? What do you go through? What, what does your day look like as a Lions fan? Do you have family over and you all go to the game together? Do you have like a lot of stuff pre-made before you go to the game, then you go home, you pop it in the oven. Do you, do you get a nap on Thanksgiving if you're a Lions fan? I think if you go to this game or you're saying guys, people who go to the game. People that go to the game. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I I think if you're going to the game, the perfect way to do it is you go, you tailgate and you have everything ready for after the game and you do Thanksgiving dinner like at the Tailgate in the parking lot.


Yeah. After the game. That'd be fun. Which Has To hit so much harder if you have a good team. Yeah. Or You could actually do it before. I mean it's 1230 local time. You could, you could do a Thanksgiving, you know, do Thanksgiving dinner at like 1130 and then left. I mean that's, I think that's too early for regular people. But if you're going to a game Thanksgiving dinner at 1130, then leftovers when you get outta the game. Yeah. You might be able to, depending how cold it is. It might keep pretty well in the parking lot afterwards. Yeah. But yeah, it's gotta be a whole different animal for, for Lions fans having a good team to watch, a fun team to watch on Thanksgiving. Hopefully they you have, you have a good one afterwards. 'cause eating a sad somber Thanksgiving every single year. Like I bet people from Detroit have a completely different vibe of what Thanksgiving is like from the rest of the country.


Yeah. 'cause they had to deal with such shitty teams for so long that they'd be forced to watch in the morning. Yeah. And then Thanksgiving is probably pretty low down on their, their list of national holidays compared to the rest of the country. But now it's a celebration. Now it's the best. Yeah. Now it's a celebration. By the way, this is just a fun stat I came across since playing the Buccaneers. The Eagles and Lions are combined 16 and Oh, so the Bucks are are the third best team in the NFC. This is all I got from that stat. Yeah. I mean So 16 and oh the, the last loss for the Eagles and the Lions is the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. The, That's pretty crazy. The are It's crazy. I think they're the best at everything. Yeah, I really do.


I think that, I think that they're, they have maybe the best running attack in the NFC Max. I think they've got the best. Yeah. Max. This is Max. He said the best at everything. Everything. I mean that's incorrect, but that's fine. Well they, they can't be the best at, they're Not the best at having Saquon Barkley, But they're also not the best at running quarterbacks. That's true. Lamar and Josh Allen would be, I would take them over OV in terms of running. But I'm saying like as a team. Yeah. They might be the best at everything. This is also, by the way, the biggest favorite the lions have been since 1968. That's pretty crazy. So 1968 was the last time they were this big of a favorite on Thanksgiving.


So yeah, they usually, it's usually a bad scene. Max, do you, do you want to dispute that? What, what is the, what are the Eagles better at? I mean, They're, they're comparable at every single position. Their defense and the defense is better. Eagle Defense is unequivocally better. Okay. They are better at yards allowed per game, Which is a pretty important thing for a defense. And they are better at true. They are better at running the football. That's, which is a pretty important thing for an offense. That's also true. But yeah, no, the lines are better at everything. I'd like to walk back that take gracefully. The lions are better than the Eagles at almost everything. No, this is perfect though, because I love that everybody Yeah. Who doesn't, everybody across the NFL has just anointed the lions, the winners of the nfs.


They've anointed the lines of the winners of the Super Bowl. I agree with you, max. Even Though when you just look, look at the stats, the Eagles are right there. Yeah. They're a different team than, than the first four games since, I mean ball, since Bald Dani has come out, it's, they're the best team of football. Yeah. The, I, yeah. I I think the Eagles are, are right there. I know Lions, lions fans have also gotten to the point where they're, they're they've, they haven't embraced the fact that they're just like the favorites to win the Super Bowl. And like, they'll be mad if you pick against the lions. It's like, if you pick against the team, doesn't mean you think the team stinks. It's, it's called a spread. Right. I'm one in one picking against the Lions in the last three weeks when I had the Texans and then last week I obviously had the Colts.


The, here's another stat that's gonna suck for the Bears. Favorites of over 10 points are nine and oh against the spread on Thanksgiving since 2005 and 11 and Oh. Against the spread in the wild card era. So big favorites. Thanksgiving. They just crush. Yeah. Alright. Next game. Gross. Jerry World, giants of Cowboys. Cowboys minus four over under 37 and a half. I don't know. This is gonna suck. Is This true lock or are we getting more Tommy? I think It might still be Tommy. This is a, this is a, a perfect nap game. Yeah. Yeah. Good timing. Perfect. Nap game. Good timing for the nap. I would like to see Drew Lock starting this game. I don't know if we're gonna get him, but Jerry Jones came out this week. He did his, his hit on 1 0 5 0.3 and he said, I don't see why we wouldn't be thinking about keeping Mike McCarthy around.


Mm. Giving him an extension. So they are Thinking about It. They, I also think there's a chance Jerry just might be fucking with Mike McCarthy. Yeah. Just like he knows he's gonna fire him, but he's trying to be nice guy Jerry in public. Listen, He, wait, what is that qbi? What, what is that? Stop typing Giants QB Drew Lock revealed final request he made of Daniel Jones. What was that? Hold my hair. Can I have your locker? Yeah, They're gonna shoot me Drew Lock jokes. He wouldn't let Daniel Jones outta the building after hearing of his release until the four. Oh. He just, he said he was gonna kidnap him. This game's gonna stink. One last thing he would do before the team. This is So sad. The facility, if he leaves without doing a jersey swap, oh we're going to have a problem because, oh shit.


I really want a Daniel Jones jersey. Wow. I mean, you could go to probably Dick's and get one for $20. I I I have a theory. I think Drew Locke, as you know, he's played backup quarterback a few times. I think he wants to have the jerseys of all the guys whose jobs he took even momentarily. Yeah. Yeah. Which I guess he technically Hasn't so he needs to get Tom. Oh no. Yeah. No, he, he hasn't taken his job yet. Has he been playing Scout team Safety? He might've. He might've, yeah. He Might've taken his job there. I don't really know this game. I'm probably gonna end up betting the Cowboys and it's, it's something weird's gonna happen. 'cause it's the NFL Does this not though feel like a great time to, to take the Giants? Yeah. Well it's just the Cowboys won.


The Giants got embarrassed. Yeah. Flip it. Yeah. Also, I recall Tommy DeVito's season last year starting pretty poorly. Right. Well, he, and then, and then he had a couple games where he, he Came in when he came in. Yeah. He had, I think there was that Raiders game that wasn't very good. And then he had the Monday night game against the Packers, which was great. That was big. Yeah. So Tommy, Tommy is capable of pulling it together. What Italians do, do Italians do the Seven Fishes on Thanksgiving? Yeah. I I I don't know if Tommy's capable. I think, I think he is what he is. We'll see, I would like to have an Italian renaissance with, with Tommy. That would be nice. That'd be a lot of fun.


Alright. Should we, how many crowd shots are we gonna get of Sean Stella? Ooh, I don't know if he'll be there. Oh, you don't think so? On Thanksgiving with all the cameras on him, he's Gotta do the Seven Fishes though. You think Sean Sato is more of a low key guy. Doesn't like the publicity. He's got the seven Fishes. I think that's only Christmas though. Oh yeah. That is Christmas Max. What do you, what do Italians Thanksgiving. What do Italians eat on Thanksgiving? I was chomping at the bit to correct you on that. There. There's no seven fishes during Thanksgiving. Lasagna. That's Christmas Eve Lasagna. You guys eat lasagna. Lasagna is an an Italian Thanksgiving than for sure. Yeah. What do you eat for Thanksgiving? I everything. I go traditional. Oh, okay. Next game. Next game. Packers, dolphins at Packers.


The line right now on DraftKings is Packers minus three and a half over under 47. Tua in weather under 40 degrees, which I think is gonna be like 20 degrees on Thursday night in Lambo. He is. Oh and four straight up one and three against the spread. Yeah. It doesn't, I'm very nervous about the Dolphins chances in a cold weather game. I'm, I'm kind of in on two of though, being a destroyer of narratives. Well, Here's the thing, the Dolphins are in a weird spot because they are five and six. They have the chance to make a run here down the stretch. They have been a good team when two has been playing and they've been a obviously terrible team when he is been out.


Why not have this be the game that you destroy the cold weather narrative? I would like to see, 'cause we're taping this early. My big thing is like, is Mike McDaniel making too much of the cold? Because remember when he did the t-shirts before the Buffalo game and it's kind of one of those things where if you talk about it so much, that's all you're gonna think about. He's probably watching Just let it be cold. He's probably watching film on the weather. Yeah. He's probably got the boys in the meeting room tuned to weather.com and showing stuff on the, on the big screen about it. I, I don't know. This makes no sense to me. It makes no sense why I would right now start to believe that the Dolphins can win a cold weather game. But for whatever reason, the fact that Tua talked about it, I think I'm in, I'm, I think I'm in on the Dolphins winning a game.


How, how cold? It's gonna be like 20 degrees in Green Bay on Thursday Night. I wanna see what kind of haircut Tua comes out with. Mm. If he has a fresh haircut, he's not winning that game. He's got the frosted tips right now. That's perfect for the cold. Yeah. But if he has, like, if he hasn't worried about, it's kind of a summer cut though. If he hasn't worried about getting a shape up, if he's got, you know, stray hairs looking kind of shaggy, that's a, that's a quarterback that can win in the cold weather. I'm not a hater, but if I were gonna be a hater and I was trying to get some opium going and be desperate to try to tell myself the Packers are not that good, I would maybe point out the fact that the Packers, I believe have only beaten one team over 500.


Okay. So I think it's just the Houston Texans would be the only team. Are the Cardinals exactly 500 right now? I think the Cardinals are exactly 500. Are you saying that the Packers are fraudulent? I'm Just saying if I wanted to say, you know, Hey, look at this. This is interesting. The Houston Texans are the only team they've beaten that are over 500. They've beaten the cults, the Titans, the Rams without Cooper Cup and pka, NKU, the Cardinals, the Texans, the Jaguars, the Bears, and the Niners without Brock. Purdy. Interesting. Oh, I guess the Cardinals. So Cardinals and Texans. Cardinals are six and five. So Cardinals and Texans. Two teams.


Did you just Have a, If I had to just say that, So the, the Dolphins record on Thanksgiving was what? Seven and 1, 2, 3, 5 and two. Five and two. Okay. That's, that's, that's something I don't even remember the Dolphins playing on Thanksgiving. That doesn't even 2011 was the last time. Yeah. Yeah. So that doesn't even feel like a real thing. And I think all these games were indoors. This is the first time that dolphins have played outdoors on Thanksgiving. Huge, huge storyline. Oof. Destroyer of narratives. Man story. He's like, KSI. Okay. Last game Friday, black Friday works pumped for this game. Right. Hank Pumped, pumped Chiefs Raiders raid Chiefs minus 12 and a half over under 42 and a half, eight O'Connell.


I think we're going back to a OC eight Ocon. We're just, we're just skipping over Desmond Ritter. Yeah. I, the only take I really have on this game is, I think this is, I know the Chief's big spreads have been, you know, they don't cover big spreads very often, especially on the road. So they're home here and they also have struggled a little against the Raiders. I think this is a get right game for the chief's defense because they gave up 30 points to the bills. They give up 27 points to the Panthers. They've hit a little bit of a low. I think this is Spags being like, Hey guys, this is Aiden O'Connell. If I don't get three turnovers this game and you know, and, and like five sacks, we got problems.


So let's, let's really do, let's do what we should do and what we're we're built to do and just smother them as a Defense. Do you think Antonio Pierce pays attention to the, the spread? No. You don't think so? No. 'cause Remember he kicks field goals in weird times. Shit. Yeah. But some of, some of those weird times where he kicks field goals are very convenient for the spread. I think he doesn't care about the spread. He just is addicted to kicking field goals. And sometimes that helps us. Sometimes it accidentally. Yeah. 'cause he is Addicted to kicking field goals. Yes. Yeah. That feels like the 'cause Why, why? 'cause they covered last time. No, they, they lost by 10. What was the spread of that game with the Broncos? Oh no, they, they, they did not cover That. They did not cover that. Yeah. The Broncos minus Six. But did they try to do something at the end of that game?


No. I'm thinking of the ch the, the, the chief. There's One, the chiefs game they played earlier this season. They were kicking a bunch of field games. And I think it was the Rams too. The Rams earlier this season. I wanna say they, they were down maybe nine points late to cover the spread, kick the field goal to get within six. Yeah. He might, He might pay attention to the spread. Either way. This game, I'm paying attention to whether or not Antonio Pierce is paying attention to the spread. I got my eyes on this game because this is what, this is my personal, the chiefs better just smush the Raiders. Otherwise I'm, I'm not gonna just go off the record, I'm gonna go off how they're playing. Yeah. Does that make sense? Like they, they have to the, the conversation about the chiefs being 10 and one, I think they're the 60. There's 64 teams that have started 10 and one in the NFL and like the Super Bowl era.


They're 63 outta 64 point margin. Okay. So I'm gonna start really, if they win this game by six or three, I'm gonna start leaning into that and being like, I don't believe this 11 and one, if they win this game by two scores or more, that's exactly what they should do. Smash the bad teams. Yeah. I could also see this being the Max Crosby game. Yeah. Max likes to show up in very important games. Sure. He, every now and again Sure. Does not like Patrick Mahomes. Just to remind people that Max Crosby is like a great defensive player even though he is stuck on a shit team. Yeah. I believe it was the chiefs game that they, they kicked a field goal to cover the spread. Yeah. Eight and a half. Yeah. Earlier this year. What were you gonna say?


I was looking at the, yeah, there. So the Rams one as well. Yeah. Yeah. Rams was a big one. Yeah. So it was a seven point spread. I believe they were down nine. Yeah. And they kicked a very sad field goal at the end to get it within six. Yeah. Yeah. What were you gonna say The other thing? Oh, I forget. I was just talking about Max Crosby, like we have forgotten a little bit about he's gotten lost in the sauce this year. Yeah. Because there's been really nothing to pay attention to. They're bad. Especially their defense as a whole has been bad. And I feel like he, he shows up occasionally on these standalone games where everyone's like, oh yeah, remember the condor? Yeah. Absolute monster. The this game. Ah, man, I just, I'm excited for it. That's all I really have.


Wait, right. Hank, I have a question for Hank. Yeah. Hank, does the NFL make sense? Yeah. This is a big question. No. Oh it doesn't? Okay. No. This, it would make absolutely no sense if the Raiders beat the Chiefs on Black Friday, right? No, but an inter inter division game. Yeah. I think this might be my, the NFL doesn't make sense game. Ah, Because Pug just pulled up the, remember the first time they played this was the Mahomes, Kermit the Frog. He said that it will, it will be handled when it's handled. Then they didn't He well they co they beat him. He didn't covert Cover Cover. Yeah. Yeah. No, you're right. Didn't Handle, you don't get to Kermit the Frog Games. But he also said it will hand, it'll be handled when it's handled. Maybe he meant when they come to Kansas City hasn't handled yet.


He didn't actually say when it would be handled. He just said it will be handled when it's handled. You think they delayed the handling of it? Well It's very genius of him because he can just wait till they beat the Raiders by like 30 points and be like, alright. You see that? That's exactly when it was gonna get handled. Handled. Told you it was gonna get handled. I mean, last weekend playing down to their opponent. Panthers look good. Panthers offense look good. Yeah. But that you're doing last weekend. This weekend, like Panthers was the, the NFL doesn't make any sense. So would you rather ha So you're chasing, you're chasing the NFL doesn't make any sense High. Who Do you trust more? Bryce Young or Bryce Young? A OC. Bryce Young, but, okay. The NFL doesn't make any sense. But Bryce Young But the NFL doesn't make sense.


They Were 11 point and, and the Panthers were in that game. I feel like that was the game. The NFL doesn't make any sense. I've talked myself into the radio. You can hear, you can hear me getting stupider and making worse and worse. Are You saying money line? Because that's all that matters. Think. But the NFL doesn't make sense because if the Chiefs win by 10, it's not like Raiders money line. Okay. Wow. Wow. This also will be our definitive. Is Shado Sanders tweeting after Raiders loss? Or is he tweeting after going to church? Yeah. 'cause his game's on a Friday, so we'll find out. Well he preemptively did it last week. Yeah. So we'll find out. Alright, let's do our picks then we'll do hot seat Cool Throne and get to Fred Smoot. Who's up first? This shouldn't count.


It's no sneak, But this actually counts more because there's less to choose from. I guess You want it to not count who's up first it would be PFT. So I'm fine with it. Not counting what we, what do you wanna do? Wait, We count, we counted every year, don't we? No, No, no. I'm He's saying it shouldn't, you should get to go first this time and No, I guess you're right. You're right. POT should just Go first. I mean, there's, he there's only four games. Yeah. So he, it is a benefit to go first here. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna take the Lions. Okay. Until further notice. How do you not take the Raiders after this? After that whole speech? 'cause I'm taking the money line. That's Crazy. Lions minus 10. No, but you take the Raiders plus 13 if you are gonna, You're taking the money line, but you don't want to free 13 points.


I'm You're getting a free, I'm diversifying, I'm diversifying my It's Still illegal. You have have to take the Raiders. You, you just gave us the speech. How can I not diversify my po I'm going to bet the Raiders money line on my own. But you But I Hank Hank we're a national football podcast. I would feel National Sports Podcast, National podcast. I would feel irresponsible giving out a pick like that to the listeners that tell us every weekend and live and die with our bets. And if you do that, you're an idiot, by the way. Because we're awful at gambling. But it's 13 points. Wait, what do you mean you'd feel terrible? I don't want to endorse that publicly and tell people like, Hey, you just Did. Yeah, you did. I'm not, I'm taking the lines until further Notice. But you've been in the money line, but you're not, you don't feel confident giving them 13 points.


Correct. But you feel confident in them winning. Okay. I don't feel confident in them winning. I am going to do it because I want the rush of being right about something. Okay. Okay. But that doesn't, you're you're playing both sides. Yes. You want the, you want the rush of being right about something. Correct. But you're not making your official picks. Correct. So then if the chiefs kill him Yep. You can be like, oh, I never said that. No. Yeah. Okay. I don't, I don't want there to be any consequences to being wrong. Okay. How is, how is that a new phenomenon on this podcast? So you're doing a free bet. I'm doing a free bet. Free roll. You're Doing a free on the Raiders A free bet, audio free bet. But I'm taking, I'm taking the Lions until further notice. Yeah. Alright, I'll take the over in Bears Lions over 48 and a half.


I will take the under in Dolphins Packers under 47. Good pick. Hank. Thank You. I'm taking the over in Giants Cowboys 37 and a half O Ugh. Although I, I did that last week and I was like, Tommy DeVito can't score. And and the Bucks almost did it on their own. Yeah. But But it didn't Hit Cooper Rush. Yeah. 'cause Tommy DeVito can't score. Yeah. So you were right Max. But it was more of a it was more of a sweat that I was expecting. Max. I disagree with PFT. I will be taking the Chiefs minus 12 and a Half. Oh, okay. I was actually gonna take the Chiefs if it came back to me. Yep. Yep. Okay.


Let's do hot seat. Cool Throne brought to you by our friends at Chevy. There's a reason we've never done a Mount Rushmore pickup trucks. And that's because for Pardon My Take. There's only one pickup truck. The Chevy Silverado. Why that Silverado's. A partner. A partner you can depend on. We've all spent time driving and using the Silverado for all kinds of, Pardon? My Take Jobs. Adventures in other shenanigans. Silverado has been our ride for a cross country trip to the Super Bowl. Silverado helped us dig the biggest hole ever in the state of Ohio. Last year, grit Week Silverado helped us give fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And this year Silverado was out west with our, with us for our latest grit week. Silverado brings the grit to legendary grit paired with modern truck tech inside and out massive screens. Up to eight cameras with 14 different views help make driving, towing and parking all easier. We love the bold, blacked out look of the new Silverado HD Trail Boss. So head on over to chevy.com and build your own Silverado or Silverado hd and check out all the current offers on Silverado. Discover a world of strength and capability all behind the wheel of our favorite truck. The Chevy Silverado.


Hank My hot seat is me. Just unfortunate timing. Celtics are in town for the NBA Cup game against the Chicago Bulls and it's this Friday one. The only weeks we're outta town. Damn. So you're gonna miss Coach. Coach Gonna miss Coach. You're Not gonna Be with Coach. Not gonna miss not gonna see Coach. You will be back in December. Do you Expect a text from Coach just to let you know, Hey, I'm in town. No, no. He is probably busy. He is probably game point. I don't think he's, he doesn't need recommendations. I'm sure he is just kind of like a hotel prep. Maybe go do some juujitsu. You Gonna leave something for him at the hotel? Maybe. Yeah. I gotta find out where they're staying. But yeah, NBA cup it means more sad. I don't get to see the, the court in person.


Just unfortunate scheduling. I would like to talk to the schedule makers next year. Mm. Yeah. Make sure they get that. How, how are we doing with our bets on the NBA cup? Good question. I think you and I are both five and one. Oh wow. So we'll put out our, if you're listening to this reminder, every Tuesday we put out all of our bets in, on all of our socials. PFD and I I think are five and one. This is, we're playing for a free bet. 10,000 free bet. I think. Pretty cool. So NBA cup. I love, I love the NBA cup and I am actually a believer in the, in the, in the courts. I like 'em. I do too. I like 'em. Have you seen the red ones? Yeah. I know. It makes you feel different. You can't really see, I just like something different because otherwise the NBA cup was stupid in my mind.


I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm totally a sucker admitted sucker. They're doing color rush. Yeah. I just like to be able to see the basketball. Nah, that's overrated. Yeah. Okay. Cool Throne. My Cool Throne is biz nasty. Oh yeah. He was my Cool Throne as well. Paul BizNet. Soon you lose PFT. Oh, you went first. Yeah. You should have tried to go first. He, a report came out that he got in a, in a fight in a restaurant. And then when the, the details of the report came out, he's just like, he's like, he's like two men in one. Like he's, he's so much more manly than, than anyone I can even, like all of us combine aren't equivalent to the man that es Yeah.


He's just, he basically, he was at a restaurant that he goes to a lot sitting by himself. Saw a bunch of like, group of eight drunk golfers gone outta their mind trying to order a drink and the bartender told him no, like you can't drink in this area. They were getting mouthy and he just stepped in to try and diffuse the situation and they just started fighting him eight on one. And he, They were getting physical with the, with the manager. Yeah. Yeah. The guy was assaulting the manager. And, and Paul is like a fucking superhero. Yeah. He, he got up, he's like, I saw that they were unequipped to kind of handle themselves. They were smaller guys so nobody's sticking up for these guys. So I said, you know what, I'm gonna tell these guys where to stick it. And then he got up in the dude's face was like, stop assaulting the Waits staff or we're gonna go outside.


And then one of the dudes punched him from the side and then he got Booted a couple times. He said he got said Boot fucked outside the CV s Yeah. He, I got booted, got back up. I'm sure he fucked these guys up a little bit. Yeah. Seven guys. He said that He dropped one of the guys. Yeah. When, when he got Bum rushed outside. I Can't wait to see the CCTV. And he wants, he wants the guy's names he wants to take. I think the way he put it was like, I want all their names. I wanna take 'em all out behind the barn. One-on-one. Yeah. Which is awesome. And he, He said he dropped all the charges. If he could just take these guys one-on-one. Yeah. Rough and rowdy. He Looks great too. I mean obviously they really, really fucked his nose up pretty badly. Yeah, he's gonna probably need a surgery, But besides that he not a scratch on his face. Well Did he say, can you play the start of the video real quick? He biz is the best.


We love biz. Yeah. And he's just, I mean he is just so manly. The fact that seven guys I would just get, I'd just get knocked. I'd probably die. Yeah. He is like, he, he, there's a strategy to, he is like, you know, you can't stay still. You gotta keep moving backwards. 'cause you know, if they get you on the ground then you get fucking, what was he calling it? Boot fucked. Boot fucked Boot. Fucked boot. I got boot fucked in the CVS parking lot. Boot Fucked. What do, what did you say? Start it again. Start the Video over. What's up gang? I just wanted to pop by 'cause the news is out there and I'm getting a lot of texts and calls. Love you guys. Thank you guys all for reaching out and, and, and checking In a few. Gave a bunch. I just want to kind of address what Happened. I think its took some, gave more. So you hear it from my mouth. Wait on, I don't know what's kind of, I, I know there's a few articles that came out and news is floating around, but long of the gist of it and, and I address the whole thing and talk way more in detail on tomorrow.


Long Of the Gist of it, the podcast. Like, it just so happens this happened last night. Today it was a recording day and to be quite frank, it was kind of nice to hop on with the boys and just have some laughs and, and kind of What'd he say about restaurant? About For four hours I was looking for, He said go to dinner Family at this place called Houston's. I go there like three, four times a week. Some of the finest staff. Incredible. Using All Scott. Incredible. And just like good people. And I love going there. He Kept saying, oh, I thought he said it was a family joint or something. No, he kept saying family restaurant. Oh yeah. I mean it it is a chain Family restaurant. Yeah, it was a family restaurant. I I actually listened to Spin Chiclets this morning to hear the full story from, from Biz and Yeah, he was like, it's a great restaurant. Very militaristic.


He's the best. I fucking love him so much. Yeah, he, no, he's a one guy. He said He was like, it's an awesome restaurant. It's like, it's like a military shit. Like a Military. It's like going to eat at the military pretty much. What does that mean? So he wants the guy's names. I want the Guy's names. I'm tracking down their names right now. I'm, I'm trying to get the names to biz and I, I can't wait to see what he does. Yeah, because I mean biz is, this is the ultimate good guy move that he pulled. Yeah. And it's dangerous what he ended up going through. Like if you, if you fight seven guys at once and you get knocked on the ground and they start kicking your head like, that's some dangerous shit. He's a badass. Apparently. Imagine blacking out in Scottsdale with your boys. I mean, I I guess we would never be in situations where you just fucking fight a random guy.


But no, these guys got in a fight, blackout drunk, woke up in jail and then it was like, yeah, the guy you got in a fight with is Biz. He's asking for your names. He beat Beat and to go one-on-one with you Beat. He has a national podcast. Yeah, global podcast because he is Canadian. So he is, he's a worldwide podcast, international podcast. And he's coming for your neck. Like this is just the beginning. He Is just the one guy. Like if you're like, hey, someone at Barstow got jumped and he was fine and now wants to fight him all. So yeah. Biz. Yeah. And also somehow like, just the way he explains things, I, I mean I, it's why they're spit and chicks is so popular, like wit, whitt and biz, just the way they talk. I could just listen to forever.


Yeah. Just him. Yeah. Explaining the whole thing. Me. What is, what was the mellow, what did you say The, the restaurant. Restaurant was? It's a very militaristic Restaurant. No militaristic organization. Yeah. It's a great organization. This great guy all time. Dude, I can't wait to see what he does once he finds out who these, this is the start of his John Wick story. Yeah. Like I want Rough killed John Wick's Dog. Imagine Rough and Rowdy. Just a tournament one right After the Other. Just go one right after the other. They should have to do it on the ice. Yeah. Knocks him out. Yeah. You want one? Oh, rough. And Roddy on Skates Know. So one thing that Hank conveniently omitted from his story, these are a bunch of golfers. Yeah. A bunch of golfers Pussies. No, he did Say it. Okay. All right. Is Your alerts a little hot?


I'm gonna say right now you, you're a on hank. A little too hot. A little too hot, hot. Crazy. I turn it down a little bit. Don't do everything Hank says with a fine tooth A little bit. Just not actually Nick picking a little too much. You're just choosing narratives and then just spitting them out there. Alright. Your hot seat. Cool Throne. Well that was your Cool Throne. So what was your hot seat? My hot seat is Drake. Oh Yeah. Explain this to me. So Drake's on the hot seat, it probably gonna screw this up. Drake. Yeah. I had this on my hot seat and, and I I didn't want to, I don't, it's too complicated. I opted out on This because it could Have Missed too, I too many conspiracies that Go into it. I read, I read a few headlines and then I just saw people talking about it online. So this is what I believe happened. Drake is suing his own record label. Yep. UMG, because he's claiming that they artificially inflated the stats on Kendrick Lamar's not like us Dis track, which was, it's the, the track that ended the battle.


Yeah. This summer just absolutely destroyed him. The one certified pedophile. Yeah, that one. So Drake is suing his own record label because he's claiming that there were like bot views that gave him like millions of views and downloads and listens on his song. And he's saying that ended up being bad for his career because now everyone's talking about how great this song was. He's not familiar with the Streisand effect. Where now, first of all, if you call the cops and get like the courts involved because you lost a rap battle, that that might be the worst look of all time. Agreed. And then you're only driving more attention to Kendrick Lamar agreed. Who I get the only person that had a a worse beef with, with Kendrick than Drake would be Father John Misty.


Did you see that story? No. So I'm not up to date on any of these stories. All right. So I think it's like the last six times Father John Misty has put an album out. Okay. Kendrick Lamar has put an album out that same day. Oh shit. And Kendrick like sneak drop Fun. Who the fuck is Father John Mis? You dunno. Father John Misty. He's, he's very popular. He's a singer songwriter. Okay. But is He, is it religious? No. Yeah. Why is his name Father John Misty? It's, that's just kind of his name. Okay. But no, he's, he's very popular. So for the last I think six albums that he put out, Kendrick put out an album on the same day just completely stealing all the shine. And then last Friday, father John Missy had an album coming out and then Kendrick like very sneakily dropped one that nobody saw coming like a couple hours after.


Father John Misty had like a little bit of time to be like, finally I got away from Kendrick and he's just on his ass. Kendrick is gonna put it out again. But yeah, I I think I'm gonna go out on a limb and say this is a bad strategic move on Drake's part. Yeah, I'd agree. I don't know. I think that's where I, I get, I was trying to get in the weeds and then I was like, this is, but I, the more I looked into it, the more I think Drake might like, he's not going after Kendrick. He's going after the label. The UMG tried to say like, you're not mad at us, you should be suing Kendrick Lamar. And he's like, no, I'm coming at you. It's just, there's just a skeleton in the closet that they're not trying to The headline of Drake suing based on the, like, I'm done. But I think Drake knows that and he's like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, people are gonna, you know, say I'm being a pussy and like I'm, I'm a sore loser, but this is for the greater good and I'm coming at the label.


Right. But I'm, I'm stupid, stupid. I don't understand any of this. All I saw was Drake suing in relation to beef with Kendrick Lamar. And I ended my judgment of the whole thing right there. Yeah, he's calling. I was like, damn, he called, he called the cops on Kendrick. He, he called The cops because he got beat in a rap battle. Too bad. Yeah. Yeah. That's what this boil down. That's what I'm, explain. Alright. My hot seat is anyone who's trying to go after John Fanta on Twitter spaces if, I don't know if you guys saw this last night, but Fanta a, I think it was a Cincinnati fan, was mad at Fanta for his b bias for Xavier over Cincinnati. Well if you Look over the course of the last several seasons Correct. John Fanta has been saying that Xavier's a better basketball program than Cincinnati.


But it happened on the court. Yeah. All right. Play it real quick. This is Fanta in in all his glory. Adam, go. Hey John. Thanks. Just following up on the cross down shootout, how bad did it hurt to finally rank Cincinnati ahead of your buddy Sean Miller this week? Oh, This guy sucks. Didn't hurt me one bit Adam. I I do my, I do my job. Cincinnati's better than Xavier right Now. You've had, you've had Xavier ranked ahead of him all season until this week. I just, I figured it had to hurt. I know your buddies with Sean. I mean just, you know, I got a job to do Adam. So Adam, you call me up. This is where He, this is, it's over cooking. Yeah. And you want, you want to tell me it must hurt me to rank somebody against over somebody else.


I've seen the media bias in Xavier's favor for the last several years and now, yeah, They've been a better program. They kicked Cincinnati's butts. They've been a better program by a wide margin, frankly. Cincinnati, we've been waiting for this version of Cincinnati. Cincinnati's been, been their butt. They're give you're using the past couple years. No, no, no, no, no. You're using the past couple years. That's your argument. Xavier's been better than Cincinnati. In every facet there's a media bias. I go off score the scores of the game. Were Xavier over Cincinnati. You wanna add, tell me about how I feel about stuff I don't lose sleep over or where I rank it Team I lose sleep over whether I took the trash out on time.


Whether I picked up the right groceries for my wife if I'm taking care of her right now. And the Cleveland Browns. I didn't lose any sleep over the madam, but I might lose sleep because of you. Happy Thanksgiving. Happy Thanksgiving. Johnny, go Browns. No, you don't get to salvage the call. That's my favorite. I wanna make that shirt. All Right. So you don't get to salvage the call. So Fanta is, he's given off strong, strong lawyer vibes if I ever get arrested for anything. Yeah. I want John Fanta representing me in court. Bring that same passion. He sounds like Matlock. He's the best. He's just the best. He just brings it to the people. He's ready to get in the mix with the people.


You don't get to salvage a call. John Fanta. And then my Cool Throne is our Black Friday Cyber Monday sale. So we will have, we have new people in asking the new Pardon My Take hats. You can see if you're watching us on video. We have new still blue merch. We also have new still blue coffee coming on Thursday night. Friday. It is Single blend. 100% Colombian. Very, very. I just had a cup of it. Very, very good. So we have hats, we have PMT shirts, we have everything. So go support us store bar dot Barstool Sports dot com. We appreciate everyone who buys everything. These hats are awesome. They are. They're awesome. I'm gonna get the camera, the Riz face real Quick.


This hat is my favorite. This one is the best. It's just a football. And by the way, this is just showing how long we've been doing this. I think we're officially at the point where an established is cool. So the hat says established 2016. You can't like cell blues established 2022. You can, we probably need a couple more years established. 2016 is like, that's a while. That's cool because you know you can't do that on a hat like after a year. Yeah. 20. Yeah. Like if you're an O-G-A-W-L, it's like cool to wear it be like, oh it's 2016. Yeah. I've been listening since 2016. Yeah. It's a long ass time. Although I do, I like the 2022, but I still need, we still need a few more years. Yeah. For Stella Blue.


Okay. Black Friday games. Great. Alright, let's get to our interview. We got Fred Smoot in studio, and then we will do our weekend preview and then we'll do Kirk Cousins before We get to Fred Smoot.


It's brought to you by Campbell's. It is soup season. Perfect weather for soup. Soup will warm you up from the inside out. Soup fills in the cracks after a nice dinner as well. Today's episode, part of my take is brought to you by Campbell's Chunky Soup. The soup that eats like a meal. When you think chunky, you gotta think of players like Chop Robinson, Frank Ragnow, Montez Sweat, Sam Hubbard, Dexter Lawrence, Jason, Kelsey. These are all Campbell's chunky guys. They're powerhouses. 250 pounds of pure unstoppable energy from some of those guys. Chunky chili Mac is my new favorite flavor of Campbell's. Chunky. Those guys can't even compare it to how great chunky chili Mac is. It's packed with beans and meat to keep you going strong. Chunky takes satisfaction to the max this soup season. Grab a can of Campbell's chunky today. It'll take your satisfaction to the Max Campbell's chunky. Check it out. Soup season. No season like it soup. Maybe the most underrated meal. I'm eating soup every day from now until at least March. Soup's the best.


Also, Fred Smoot is being brought to you by our great friends over at Muggsy. Muggsy Jeans, the most comfortable jeans you will ever put on in your life. They make damn comfortable clothing for guys everywhere. Muggsy started by reinventing the Jeans game in 2015. Now they make the best jeans, chinos, tops, and joggers ever. Muggsy works exclusively with some of the best designers and manufacturers around the world to deliver the finest quality fabrics directly to your door. Their entire goal is making guys more comfortable at work, at the bar, on the course, wherever, by giving them one place to shop. Made from buttery, soft, patented stretch materials that look stylish, but they're actually insanely comfortable. Never too baggy, never too tight. Over 20,000 plus five star reviews from dudes of every shape, every size. Mugsy is going on sale for Black Friday and Cyber Monday. 20% off site wide. Get a free gift with every purchase. No code necessary. Just head to the site. Fill up your cart. Starting on Black Friday. Mugsy will be 20% off site-wide. They'll be giving away a free gift every order. Check it out now. Go to muggsy.com, check him out.


And now here's Fred Smoot. Okay, we now welcome on Recurring guests. One of the greatest talkers we've ever been around in studio. It is the man, the myth, the legend. Fred Smoot. Fred. Yeah. Welcome into the studio. Welcome into the office. Thank, Thank y'all for having me fellas. Yeah, it it's good to be around a, a whole building of talkers. Yeah. So, so now you don't feel like an outsider, like you wanna talk about inclusion. This is inclusion that is finest. Yeah. And no one can talk like you. So let, let's talk some ball. I, I mean, what you, are you watching every game? Are you still tuned into every game? Are you still like, man, why haven't you coach, by the way? No, I ain't gonna do it.


Why? I was, I I I was blessed with the gift of Gal. Yeah. I, and, and guess what I do go help. I help my sons. I help his friends. I, I train him sometimes coaching is a lot of damn time. Like, you gotta realize Coach Gibbs, I, I remember when he asked, a lot of people don't understand this. I actually kinda springboard Coach Gibbs to coming back to, to football. Okay. He, I was actually driving home after the season after Coach Spurrier quit on us. I, when Coach Spurrier quit, the people at ESPN say Hey come, come do an interview right quick. And I'm just talking out, you know, outside of my head. And the last question they asked me, well who gonna be y'all coach? And I was like, the only person could save us is Coach Gibbs. He happened to be at watching ESPN at that time with his wife.


The only thing coach said he didn't wanna do was ask his wife, can he go coach again because it's just so much time. Right. And she looked him in the face and said, you do want to go coach again? He was like, yeah, I do. Two days later he was our head coach. Wow. Thank you. That that's how that happened. So I could watch Coach Gibbs come in there on a Monday. He don't actually get to see Mitch Gibbs to a Thursday night or Friday. He spends the night there. Yeah. And all the coaches I watching my friends, they're doing coaching now. I was like man am can I give football more that much more of my life? Yeah. No, I'd rather talk it. I enjoy talking it 'cause I can get in and outta that. I can do my studying beforehand and I can spew it out and I can get going back to my life.


I love it. That's smart. And is yeah, you are very good at it. Could anybody talk shit with you? Like was there a receiver that you'd be matched up with That would Oh my classmates. I pound, like if you look at my class, the 2001 class, I want y'all to go back through this class. Draft pick for draft pick. We might have the most dense class in each position. Quarterbacks Michael Vick, drew Brees, running backs, LaDainian Thompson, like I can just go on with the running back. We had tons of running back. Why receiver? One of the best talkers of all time. Chad Johnson. Yeah. Like Steve Smith. Like that ain't even getting into the Santana Moss. The resi Waynes and I get into all them guys. Then we got the Richard Seymours, we got man, we got guys at every position you can think of. It ain't no position. We didn't have in that 2001 draft, that 2001 draft.


When it's all said and done, we might have 10 yellow jackets in that draft. Wow. Damn. So I'm, I'm looking at the list pretty good. But was there, so like Chad was the guys that on the field, he could give it back to you And me, Chad and Steve Schmidt was all in junior college at the same time with Dion Branch. Javon Walker all us in junior college at the same time. So we yapping at each other before we even on on Saturdays. Once we get into the Saturday part up, we yapp at then, then the league comes and all this kind of transform into who we are. So I, the junior college thing. Yeah. I I I feel like I've never really dove into it, but what was the decision to go to junior college? Was it like you, you didn't have any offers? Yeah. And then how, how does it work where you're in junior college and are there guys that like, hey these guys are going somewhere else.


Yeah. And then you're playing with guys who are like, hey, this is the limit. Yeah. How does that all work? Well To me is I had the academics, I had everything but I was about 165 pounds. Okay. I was skinny and, and I did not all my, all my college, they recruit me. They of course they smart. They want me to red shirt, they want me to put on some pounds, they want to protect me. And I'm like, no, I wanna play football. Like Fred Smoot just sitting on somebody's campus, being a regular student ain't gonna work for me. I need to play football. So luckily I had one of the best junior colleges in America down the street from me, highes Junior College. By the time I make it, they're Grady Jackson, Michael Myers, all these guys leaving. They on a two peak. I come there we three-peat national champions. We whooping everybody around the nation.


So I was like, yeah, I'm going to go here, win me a couple of championships, then I'm going division one. 'cause I do not wanna stop playing football. Right. I want to get better Game men and game out. And a lot of my draft class, we was all in junior college together. Yeah. So that's what the big thing about junior college. It gives you a chance to do what the other guys can't do. This's like, 'cause Ole Miss wanted me to come. They were like, come on, we want you to come on campus. And I was like, no, no, no, no, no. Now like they say a a item, mine is the devil's workshop. All I'm like, no Fred Smoot needs reps. I need, I need the rep I need and I need to rep against the best. That's one thing about junior college, ain't no age restriction. Ain't nothing. Yeah. You could play against some grown men. Yeah.


Right. So it's a whole different, the belly of the beast. So I enjoyed junior college 'cause it taught me lessons man. So So you're there for two years? Two years. Well a year and a half, two years. Yeah. Year And a half. So, but, but when you're playing junior college, you're obviously always thinking like, hey the next step is I want to go to the, to division one. Yeah. And so after you due a year and a half in division college. Yeah. Were the offers flooding in or was it Yeah, They were flooding in. They were flooding in when I was coming outta school. Right. They just all wanted the same thing for me. Right. And that's not to play football. Right. And I wasn't willing to do that. So now when I, my second chance to get recruited, now I'm getting recruited. I'm the number one defensive back in junior college. Right. So now I'm getting recruited by everybody like I was when I came out. But now they want me to play. That's awesome. And and luckily my coach Jackie, she one of the greatest college coaches of all time, baby.


He recruited like seven of us from junior college. We was the top at our positions. We came to Mississippi State and for the next two years we had the number one defense in college football giving up. I think nine points a game. Right. Right. So he understood I need to go get players that's ready to play now. 'cause the worst thing could happen to you at junior college is sitting. 'cause we play on Fridays. I'm watching football all Saturday. All I do is watch SEC. So I'm watching Champ Bailey, I'm watching everybody and I'm like, I can play with these guys. Yeah. So you itching to get to, to play with these guys and you know, you don't have the time that they got. So once you get there as a junior, like ain't no, ain't no sitting no bench. You gotta be ready to play now. Right Away. Yeah. Did you think about leaving the state or was it always you're gonna Stay in Mississippi?


Oh no, I was thinking about leaving the state. I almost went to Indiana with Randall l Randall l and his brother was at Indiana with Coach Cam. And he was gonna let me play both ways while I receiving cornerback. I almost went to West Virginia. They literally had seven pros on their team. So I was taking trips. At first I was the only taking SEC trip 'cause you know it's SEC against the world where I'm from in Mississippi. But then after I say I get recruited again, I said I'm gonna do what I didn't do the first time and I'm gonna give other divisions a chance to recruit me. And that's what I did. I got to go see some great schools. And by the way, I really love Bloomington, Indiana. Yeah. The, the, the times that I can remember. 'cause it was a blur for the whole weekend. It was great in Bloomington. Wait, so you, you, at what point did you decide you're not gonna play both ways?


Because we've talked about it obviously all this year. Travis Hunter playing both ways. Yeah, it's insane. Yeah. Like I I I don't think people understand how hard it is to never come off the field. Oh It's hard. Especially at the rate he's doing it. Yeah. Usually I was gonna do it similar to Champ. Like I I got to play offense at Mississippi State. Yeah. But it's it's trick plays. It's a package. Yeah. It's a package. It's not, you are a wide receiver and you are a full-time corner. 'cause it's just usually it's just too acting too much. Not too much when it comes to being in shape, but too much mentally. Like imagine this guy has to, he had to take that whole defensive playbook then come around and remember the whole offensive playbook. That's a lot. Luckily he's, he's been a part of Coach Prime's team since he is a freshman.


It makes his crossover to that very easy. Yeah. But I think what it, what it takes on the body, the toll, what it takes on you mentally. Most guys can't do it. And I think when he gets drafted Trav, they will draft him as a corner. Yeah. And they would spot play him as a wide receiver. 'cause if he gets on a pro team, he can legitly be your best corner, but he's probably gonna be your third best receiver. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's gonna be different. But yeah. Say similar thing like where they have different packages for Yeah. They have a package for you too. I could see that happening, but also I could see a, a team saying no because he, he's skinny like me. Yeah. He like when we, he like pro in college, two different things. Yeah.


I don't know if he could take that 17 Game pro happen to check receivers that 6 5, 230 pounds and then turn around and catch on dbs like Jalen Ramsey. I don't, I don't know if you can do that. Yeah. You Also don't want him going across the middle. Well like taking big hits. Well the thing about it is, I can't put you in and don't do stuff. Like if I put you at wide receiver, you can't have limitations. We're gonna play because if not us at the cornerback position, we're gonna know he ain't going across the middle. I'm just gonna play him my side. I'm gonna pick the ball off. It's simple man. Yeah. It's gotta be nice for a, a cornerback to play wide receiver every now and again because then you get those flags occasionally. Right. Like every time you touch a, a wide receiver, I feel like cornerback is the hardest position to play in sports.


It Gives you permission to be a diva. Yeah. You get to play a little wide receiver, you can do a little crying. Yeah. All you can go over there and say it ain't, it ain't fair what you're doing right there. And like the one thing about receiver it, it's turned into that it position. Like every kid on the playground now wants to be a receiver. Back when I was coming up, Dion was so hot. All us ex receivers, we wanted to be a cornerback. Yeah. The cornerback was the, the the glamor position. But because of college and the NIL and Jamar Chase and, and all these type of players, it's back to the wide receiver position. Is that it position that everybody wants to play. Yeah. Is it true that a cornerback is a wide receiver that can't catch and that's why you got move this? Hey listen man, like they always say man, a grasshopper tell a lie to a horse if you let him.


I tell you it they, they always Say that. They Do. They do in Mississippi. Yeah. Yeah. Receive, I mean DBS can catch because think about it. What's harder to catch a ball that's meant for you? A ball that's not meant for you. Alright. So for me to go steal this ball, I gotta anticipate jumping from catch a ball that don't belong to me. Steal this ball. That's the one thing about a cornerback. A cornerback is somebody that you don't take to church with you. We are taught to lie. Lie. This is how we lie to ourself. You can beat me for 80 yards. I still turn around and tell you, oh, I'm the shit. Yeah. It's me. Yeah. So I'm lying to myself. I have to lie to myself. We talk the cheap, I gotta stop you by any means necessary. Sometime I hold you, sometime I won't hold you.


Sometime I do this, I do that. And we paid to steal. Yeah, Exactly. The more we steal, the more rich I am. Yeah. Right. So everything that you do as a cornerback, it's kinda got this, this bad boy connotation to it. Yeah. So it you, you have to mentally be strong to play that position. Yeah. Did you ever do the trick where you, you'd find out what color jersey your opponent was gonna wear in the e Gloves and I wore the same club gloves. Yeah. Yeah. So if they wear White Jersey, I'm gonna wear white gloves. They wear black jerseys. I'm gonna wear black gloves. Yes. So when I'm holding them, you'll never know it. See that's them OG tricks. Yeah. You know, be you be in the league five, six years before you start to do stuff like that. Luckily when I came into my meeting room, imagine walking into this meeting room as a rookie. I get drafted.


Martin Shaheim would draft me to the Commanders Washington. It was Redkins at the time. I walk into the meeting room, Dion Sanders sitting in there, darl Green sitting in there. Champ Bailey sitting in there. Mark Carrier sitting in there. Sam Shade sitting in there. I walked right out like, why did you draft me? He like Boy, gone back in there and learned from them dudes. I had so much like when I say I had just a brain trust. Yeah. That's probably the best defensive back room of all time. Of, of all time. Yeah. Of all time. Nobody could compare to that defense. Come on. I just named three yellow jackets. Yeah. I just named three Yellow jackets and people with aga over these who the best. It's like, it's, it's, it's crazy what I walked into. Yeah. What now?


You, you are such a good talker, fast talker as well. Were you ever, did you ever a moment where you're talking shit on the field and you were talking too fast and the guy was like, I don't even understand what you're saying, Fred. Oh. Lots Of times. No. And and I think it's the fast talking plus the, the Southern. Yeah. Yeah. The southern talker. Yeah. So sometimes it could come off as Charlie brownish to a guy. Especially if I'm like really emotional about this stuff and I'm Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I had Regina Wayne just look at me and say what? Like, He was like, I hope that wasn't supposed to get to me 'cause I haven't understood nothing. You said the last six plays. And I'd be like, all right. I tell you when you get back out here. Yeah. See I was one of those talkers, I wouldn't just talk when the play was going on.


I mean, one going on Dale, like the snap of the ball jam the guy, now I'm running up the sideline, I'm talking to him as we run. Like that's my whole thing. Yeah. And I'm really just trying to get you to focus on me. Right. That's how the won so many battles. It wasn't 'cause I was the better player. It's because mentally I had you thinking about me instead of doing your damn job. Yeah. So that's where I win these mental battles at. And don't let you mess up one time. Now it's from the avalanche. Yeah. 'cause you are who I thought you were. I I told you to wear pants out here with pockets in 'em so you can put your hands in them. You need that all to make it with me for today. Like, so I would just drill it on and if I start before the game, during the game. Yeah. And after the game we ain't lose a drop.


Yeah. Now they think you crazy. Yeah. Like yeah. That ain't like, man, I'm not dealing with you. Were there any wide receivers that were great Shit talkers back that like, oh shit me and came on Me and Chad, me and Plex. Me and Steve Smith. Yeah. Me and Plco had some, I don't think people understand how big Plex is. Yeah. Plex is basically a power forward in basketball in the league. He's huge. Alright. So battles with him and a lot of people don't. Joy Galloway was a beast. Especially when he was at the Cowboys. Terry Glenn. Yeah. Those guys. So I had ooh, fast Freddy Mitchell who came out with me and Freddy Mitchell is a idiot. Fred X. Yeah. He's Freddy Mitchell.


Lemme tell you something, class with another one of my classmates. Freddy would go four quarters. We was rarely up on them because it them, the Donvan magne, nab years with Andy Reed. So they was, they was in they bag, they was winning. We'd be down like 15, it'd be like two minutes left in the game. Freddy would come across the middle, catch like a 9-year-old ball. And that's his only catch of the game. And he would just get up and just fast Freddy this style. Like, sit, just be quiet dude. Whatcha doing? Like the game is over with. You're not part of the offense. Whatcha every chance I get Fred, they gonna feel me. Yeah. And that's every pro athlete. Yeah.


Like, that's why y'all see a, a, a 5-year-old catch a wide receiver, get up and give you the first. Like it's, it's hard to get those things to happen. So I understand why people celebrate 'em. Yeah. Who, who's one guy in the, in the league right now that you'd like to match up against you. You look like you could still play. By the way, don't Let fool you. The one thing is, listen, this, this old truck right here got a good pink job and a bad motor. Alright. But I, I, I would love to play against a lot of these dudes. I love to play against CD lamb. Yeah. I, I love to play against the ones that come off as arrogant them. The ones I want. The quiet one. You gonna humble, you won't see me come at them at all. Like a Devonte Smith that barely says something just goes out there and burn you and go home and watch tv.


I'm not gonna really say nothing to him, but a AJ Brown. Yeah. M see AJ Brown is from Starkville. That's where Mississippi State at I, that's why him and Forbes got this thing going on. 'cause he went to Ole Miss. I played against DK Metcalf Daddy. Terrence Metcalf. He came outta my class with me. Yeah. Me, him, deuce McAllister, like our all star team in Mississippi. We played the All Star team from Alabama high schoolers. We had 11 pros on our team from me, deuce McAllister, Ken Lucas Metcalf, they had one pro on their team. Jamie Windborn. And they beat us. Damn. By seven points. It was What Happened? Our quarterback, Romero Miller threw a interception. Larry Caster ran it back.


They beat us seven zero. Oh, So you did your job on defense. Oh, We did our job on Shut 'em out. But, but at the end of the day, they just showed you football. Yeah. It doesn't matter. Sometime the, the the the best coach team, we will win most of the time. Yeah. I would put, I mean Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, those three states right there in particular, what is it about those three states that produce so many high level football players? We Running from something we running, we know we can get outta whatever situation we is by that ball. That ball could show you the world. I remember one of my young coaches, I mean youth coaches telling me this, you wanna see the world, this ball will show you the world you do right by this ball. It'll show you the world. And then you, you, you built in a different way.


Like when we start playing football, we start playing at four or five years old. Like, And we trying to get out there with the older guys. They ain't going to quite let you unless you like oddly built or something like that. Dk probably DK was out there. He was probably out there. He was three years old, probably out there. You know what I'm saying? He's huge. His daddy was huge. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, once you earn your stripes there in Mississippi, I think you think you could play anywhere because you're just not, you're not storing as a ninth grader in Mississippi. Like you, you, it is unheard of for a guy to even have that chance to do that. Just too many greats all think about it. I, this is the home of Jerry Rice. Walter Payton, Brett Farber. I wanna go yellow jacket for yellow jacket. Mississippi is up there babe. We got Hall of Famers from Jackie Slater.


Walter Payton. I can keep going now. Like we are there when it comes to football. I know Texas, Florida, California, get all the love. But California, you a whole coastline. Texas, you can be your own country. Florida, come on. Like y'all huge compared to us. But if you put Louisiana, Alabama, and Mississippi together, we got just as many as they do. Yeah. If that was one state and that was dominant all of Mississippi Bama. Yeah. Oh yeah. And we would be a great, like we would have when it come to sports, we would be right up there with everybody. Yeah. Luis Obama. Yeah. That'd be hell. What you got? What? You gotta have some oils in there too, man. You gotta have some Louisiana in there occasion. Yeah. Yeah. So last time we had you on was like five or six years ago, Twitter got bought by Elon Musk for $44 billion.


Yes. You invented Twitter. I did. Nobody believes it. Yes. But I did Smoot smoot smack.com. Yeah. Was the invention of Twitter where people could just go online and talk shit to each other? Yeah. When you saw $44 billion, you're like, fuck, You know what, That would've been nice. Why am I chasing this brown football? And I should have been, I should have been chasing my intellect. Yeah. Like that why they say never wanna be on the team. Wanna be the team owner. Yeah. It's a difference. But when you grow up wanna be, well, I, I say this, we did it and it, it was me and a couple of my classmates and I was, I was like, man, I just need an avenue to get at these guys. 'cause they usually like try to talk trash to me after the game. That ain't good enough. I need to talk trash before the game. Yeah. You, You were just basically searching For more trash Talk.


Yeah. So we went to the internet, we started to build it, we built it out. And I was shocked because they were starting to respond to me. Like I knew I was going to to lash it out. But when they started to respond to me, that's when I think it caught on. Yeah. And once it caught on, it was good. And then when I left to go to the league, you know, when you leave college behind, you leave everything behind and I left it behind and I should have kept it. I should have nurtured that baby. I should have grew that baby instead of Elon Musk app. It would've been Fred Smoots. It would've been different. All And I, and I would've came here and be like, oh, I like bar stew. Let me buy everything right there. Yeah. You would've 44 billion.


What would you do with $44 billion first purchase? Man, you know what, this the thing we do, we get to see billionaire habits because every team is owned by a billionaire. And you get to see a couple of billionaires and most billionaire, they, they usually go be villains and be in a yacht in the south of France. Ain't that where villains go to just live and enjoy themselves? It just, I think it's a, a millionaire now you can have what you want, but a billionaire, you can create what you want. Yeah. It, it's a different thing. Like a, a millionaire could go visit an island. A billionaire could buy the island. Like, so it's a different dynamic to the airness of them both. I Feel like you'd be a man of the people as a billionaire.


No, I'm still gonna be who I am. I'm, I'm never gonna change that. That's why I love the Harris group and the, and the owners. We got now the Commanders Magic Johnson. We have the most approachable Mitchell Res. Yeah. The most approachable billionaires in the game right now. You can, you wouldn't even know they billionaires. They don't even act like billionaires. And, and I had to ask these guys, how did all y'all become billionaires? Because all of 'em from the same little spot in Maryland. Like you would think these billionaires would be spread out. But even with Dan, Dan was from Maryland. I was like, what's going on in Maryland? What are they teaching in elementary that they not teaching in Mississippi? That you, That you two can be a billionaire. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.


So staying on the commanders, we talked real quick before we, we sat down and started taping. You didn't wanna waste anything off the air. So Yeah. You were telling me why I should not be worried about the commanders and should not be worried about Cliff Kingsbury later on in the season. You shouldn't. We just, we at the infancy, we at the start of something great. Nobody would've thought we'd been seven four right now. We got rookies that hadn't had a break since last year before their college year. I, for some reason some idiots put out our bi weekend week. What? 14? Yeah. December by it's, That's ridiculous. These guys just got their first break on a short week, on a Thursday night game. Alright. You talking about ailing bodies, you talking about hurting you talking about testing your depth, you talking about texting your coaches, your players, everybody physically, mentally, emotionally.


That's what, that's what's going on right now. That's why you see us get to the fourth quarter and it just die. Yeah. All just ain't got that lip energy. Think about this. They red to crown Pittsburgh. Steelers the best team on earth. We they just got out of Northwest Stadium. Yeah. Like they just got outta Northwest Stadium. We are one inch away from Zack. Ert leaning a different way. How about, this is what I wanna say too. I'm tired of the old referees. I want youth. Yeah. I want youth. I want my referees to be able to see 400 yards and run 800 yards. Right. I'm tired of the old, dirty old men. I'm tired of it. Get 'em out. Get 'em out. Like we gotta get these plays. Right.


But Philly got outta there by the, the Harold, NA, Chitty Chin, chin, chin. The whole state of Pennsylvania just got out of FedEx. Buy the hair on they chin, chin, chin. Alright. We are right there. If you gonna tell me that Philadelphia in they Super Bowl wonder right now. Pittsburgh in they Super Bowl wonder. We are right there And we ain't supposed to be there. So relax. Okay. Juice Me up. I like it. Yeah. I'm, I'm excited. I'm back in now. Yeah. I was never, I was never out. But it, it starts, you start to think about it. Fans Been getting Emotional. Things have looked different for the last couple weeks. They're just telling me you got spoiled. Yeah. You got spoiled when we had them numbers that you knew was gonna go down. Yeah. You knew he wasn't gonna be able to keep that up at third down. He was 80% on third. Like these numbers wasn't did by Tom Brady.


You knew they had to come back down. That's not maybe at one point. Yeah. Yeah. Come on now. We have to be realistic here. All right. Like I told 'em, now you can lie to a lot of people in this world, but lying to yourself that make you ignorant. The grasshopper horse thing. I've heard that people say it all the time. Grasshopper tell a lie to a horse if you could. Yeah. Yeah. He also, Fred had a, had a great line 'cause I was guaranteeing something and he said, the only guarantees is you are a past baby and a future ghost. Yeah. That's it. That's fact. That's it. That's it. Now in between that's up to you. Yeah. What you do. But we know for a fact we don't remember stuff from being no baby. Yeah. We just know we used to be one. Yeah. And we ain't gonna remember much about being a ghost. We just know we gonna be one good, bad or ugly.


A a a difficult question. But I I have to ask please. The the, The love boat. We, I know we talked about it six years ago, but I saw you did a quote where you're like, I wish people would stop bringing it up. 'cause it wasn't even that cool. It was, there's No way that it wasn't that cool. First of all, let ask you though, You had this double-sided deal though. I know. And lemme ask you something. Have you, you been to a best partyer before? Yeah. You been to a best supporter before. Was it the end all be y'all? No, but it was fun times. It was fun times. I And guess what? We had the same ingredients y'all had at y'all best party. Yeah. Okay. The only way my best, it could have been better than y'all's. If I, if an alien would've flew down and came down a female alien. I didn't have no female alien at man.


Like, it, it was like people try to glow it up. I think it because it was just a lot of millionaires doing this. Yeah. It was also funny. Yeah. It was. I mean a love boat. Yeah. That's funny. But guess what, the vik has been doing this since the early 17 hundreds. That's true. They've been going to villages doing this for a long time. We just got into character Too much. Yeah, that's Right. And it wasn't nothing but a, you know, every team has its rookie party. Alright. And that's basically how they haze us as rookies. Alright. Mine. I had to take my guys to capital grill. The whole defense. They, they ran the tab up for $20,000. It hurt me. Yeah. With this one. They took up money, we threw a party. That was it. It only got blew up 'cause we got caught. Yeah. 'cause someone pissed, right? Yeah. Yeah.


Someone pissing the, the lawn and Then somebody lung. Yeah. And that's it. And, and I like, 'cause no rules were broken. It was a legit bachelor party. What do you Mean by rules? What do you mean by no rules were broken? Well, you know, they, I think a couple rules were like, no, no. They tried to say some rules were broken, but at the end of that we all just, we got charged with disturbing the piece. We, we paid a $50 fine when it was over with each. That's crazy. And I'll tell you what, getting charged with disturbing the piece. That's a pretty badass charge. Yeah. Yeah. Like I would love to get charged With. That's cool. Wait, wait, wait. Disturbing the piece on the lake. Yeah. The lake of Minnetonka, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Ain't but two people been watching them waters. That's me and Prince. We, we the only two right there in Washington Lake Minnetonka.


But I always said it was over it overhyped because guys like to come. They say, oh yeah Fred, they'll come nudge you. How would that, how would that party? Yeah. Like, and I'd be like, what you doing? Old, dirty old man? Like, like what you trying to do? But everybody thinks it was the I've been to better parties. Yeah. I'm sorry. Now I've been to better parties. Yeah. And I'm sure y'all have too. Okay. Like it was just, it was rookies money getting pushed to the limit. They going to enjoy themselves. The veterans ain't really sight, they, they chilling Because they saw when they were rookies. Yeah. But they, they, they more of secretive anyway. They ain't doing nothing but the rookies, they, they outta control.


They don't care. You. If I had to give you this money, I'm about to enjoy myself. Yeah. Right. Listen, money's worth, if somebody gave me millions of dollars when I turned 20 years old, I would've done some stupider shit than that. That's what I always like to ask people. Let me take you there pee. Yeah. 25. Yeah. I give you 10 million In jail. Prison. Prison. What do you think the one thing that's going to kind of lead you astray is gonna be your friends. Yeah. Is it gonna be you trying to do too much for this go too much or be in the sc streets too much? Or is it, what do you think would've been that one vice that had been like I think I would've found new vices. Oh yeah. That's what it is. I think. I think you can be $10 million when I'm 25 and I'm like, I will try anything.


Yeah. Well why do people look at athletes and be like, that's a damn shame I wouldn't have did that. Yeah, No it's Super when they 40 years old. Right? Yeah. I think it, I think it's a weird thing where you see pro athlete 23 years old and in your head you're like, that guy's older than me. Even if you, you know what I mean? Yeah. Just because like they have, because they mature to you. They're mature and they have the money that you can only dream of. So you put a, you put PTs right? Like 23-year-old me, you gave me $10 million, I'd be dead. No, this is most people. Yeah. No this's. Most people. Because now it ain't like, imagine this, I always tell people this. Imagine waking up on just a Saturday and you can go anywhere in the world you want to in you in your twenties.


That mean if I can make it up in my head, yeah I can go there. I can wake up like mm, I'm going to Alaska. Yeah. I'm gonna see y'all on out. Like nothing's stopping you but you. Yeah. Right. So whatever you can dream of, you can do it. So imagine just having one simple thing, having a, a girlfriend that just liked to be spoiled. She can get up in the morning. I wanna go to Paris. Right. Let's go to Paris. Yeah. But now you in Paris for four days. You didn't plan to be there. Now I'm in Monaco for five days now. I ain't plan to do this. Like it just happens. Yeah. I also think it's like when you grow up, that's when you learn to love sports. That's when you watch a lot of sports on tv. Yeah. You got your favorite team.


You watch these guys and you're so ingrained with the idea of watching that when you were a kid. That's how you learn to love the sport that e even after you, after you age outta that and age past the the playing years. Yeah. You still have that somewhere deep inside where you think professional athletes grown men even like compared to me. Yeah. It's like, so when I watch Seinfeld now, right? Yeah. I'm older than the guys on Seinfeld. Which which fucks up my, my brain. Yeah. Because I grew up being like George Costanza's. He's like you know, a middle aged man. I'll never be age six years old. Yeah. Now I'm like six years older than George Costanza was during Seinfeld. But I still think of them being adults. Same thing with professional athletes. I think sometimes. Yeah. Also it's just, I think some people like to just complain about people that make more money than them.


So they'll see an athlete be like, look at these entitled spoiled brats. You know like, like We didn't work for that our whole life. Right. And like it wasn't that big old if over there. 'cause we all one big if from not making it to the league. Yeah. If we ain't hurt our knee, if we didn't ball out that game, if I didn't choose this school, I coulda did some something just easy as just choosing the wrong school and I don't make it to the league. Yeah. Coach don't play me. Yep. Coach don't like me. Ooh. Just that one simple thing. But for some reason when at the leagues get to the league, people think we run the damn lottery. You know it takes no energy to win the lottery. Right. But I've been putting, I've been lifting running my whole life. No. Knowing it wasn't guaranteed that I was gonna make it to the league.


Right. Yeah. Well maybe not lifting Now you right about that. Yeah. Well what happened with the one bench press of the combine? Listen, I told them this. Look you see I loan my arms off. Yeah, there you go. You see I have the reach of somebody six four if you want me to bench press, it's gonna be harder for me to do it. So I said, you know what, I'm gonna do what the guys don't do. 'cause most corners and receivers do not do the bitch. They don't Even get on there. I Said I'm gonna give 'em what they want but I'm only do it one time. Like I got on that did it one time. I racked it. I said you ain't come for no bodybuilders. Y'all came for a athlete. Come on watch me run. So we went outside and all the scouts watched me run and do my drills.


I'm like oh no. So Could you, you could have done more. Maybe one more. One More. That's a good way to spin it though and be like I'm only gonna do one. Yeah. But that's it. I'm not gonna tell you that all I can do is two but I'm only gonna do one. And guess what? One of these scouts and one of the coaches DB coaches walked up to me and tapped me on the shoulder after where he say, you know what? I'm shocked you even got under there. DBS don't even get under there. Why is he don't get under there? They tell me a lot. They tell me you don't care about humility. That just ain't a part of who you is. I'm like, I don't care nothing about that. Yeah. Like it is what it is. They can't beat me playing football. Right. I don't care about them out benching me. Y'all don't say he benched 500 pounds after I get a pick. Yeah. Y'all just say he out here playing football. He good at it. Yeah. I feel like that doesn't translate at all.


Especially the cornerback. I mean, you wanna know that somebody's strong. Right. You know, you wanna know that somebody's willing to tackle, But I don't want you to be so strong that you stiff. Yeah. Like and when you see athletes or guys walking around Gold's Gym and they walk around there like this, they can't play sports. They're not flexible enough. They are one big muscle rat. Right. And we even said when the guys walk in And we draft a guy and I'd be like, oh, he too muscular. Like he, he ain't gonna be, his flexibility won't allow him to have a longevity in football. He gonna tear muscles. Yeah. Every, every year. Not me. I could be at the bottom of a pile looking like Gumby just rubbery. And I'm gonna jump right back up. Yeah. Alright. Everybody talk all that about how much I bitch, how many games did I miss? Yeah.


Yeah. Not a lot. No, thank you. You, you, you were a tough motherfucker Because either you got it or you don't. Yeah. Yeah. Weights won't save you. Yeah. What, when you, when you ended up retiring, how? 'cause you seem like a guy who loved being in the locker room. Yeah. Locker Room. Locker room was my thing. Yeah. Right. So how long did it take you to mentally like Get outta there? Yeah. Or like Yeah, like you retire. I know it's, it's a hard, it's a struggle for some guys. It Hurt. It hurt you mentally because now you feel like you by yourself for a first time because them 52 other brothers from 52 other mothers, they ain't, they ain't with you every day. And think about it, when you sit in a locker room, all 53 of us got the same problems.


Whatever those problems may be. Family not really loving on you no more just want you for money. Could be we, we, we, hey did all us choose the wrong woman? You know like so, And we got these same problems that now we are just talking to each other, leaning on each other about and now that's gone and it ain't really gone because you can still call your brother up. It's just that it don't come full serve to you on a platter More. Right. It's not there every day. Work every day. Now you gotta reach out for it right now you gotta reach out to your man. How you doing? You know, how you doing brother? I'm doing good. So I think it's more the mental separation. Think about this being in love with something or somebody for 30 plus years and she just divorces you cold.


That's what football does. It just quits you. You quit it. It don't matter. It is being quit. Right. And I don't think it's, everybody love money. Don't get that. But it's some stuff football can give you that money can't buy you. Yeah. That crowd walking out there, a hundred thousand people. Imagine this. Imagine how mentally stimulating it is to have a hundred thousand people saying your name simultaneously at one time smooth. And to get ground just start shaking. You can't buy that with money. All right. The energy that's coming through your body that becomes addictive.


I want it over. I want y'all to say it over and over and over again. You can't get that that competition of one up in another man. That everybody say this is the greatest athlete in the world. I just won up them. So no he not now. He ain't the biggest gladiator I am. That's why I say the only thing that could literally beat football is that gladiator sport to me is boxing. Because ain't nothing bad ass like walking around saying I'm the heavyweight champion of the world. That's True. That's True. I could kick everybody's ass Baddest man. On the planet. On The planet. Yep. Yep. That's the only job I think that could one up the quarterback position at football.


Oh yeah. Everybody calling you champ all the time. That has to be awesome champ. You Walk into a room just champ, imagine how your girl feel when she walk in and be like my husband could kick All of you turns like Not all of you. Yeah. All 8 million of you. Yeah. Like pretty. My husband Can beat all 8 billion of you. If it's somebody not from Mars, my husband will beat you. Yeah. That's badass. That's true. One of my favorite quotes of all time was I think, did you say two thirds of the waters covered or two Thirds? Two thirds of the earth is covered by water and I cover the rest. Yeah, I said that in college. Yeah. Yeah. Was that true? Most definitely. I felt that way. Is there a guy that that you couldn't guard? It is no guy that I couldn't guard.


It's some guys that give you more problems. I would tend because we, we, we had got into the tall corners when I started to come out. Well for a tall corner your kryptonite gonna be a short receiver. So if you checking a guy like Santana Moss, he gonna give you, hell you see a time now with the big cornerbacks when they go against the the smaller receiver but put him against Calvin Johnson. He has no problem with Calvin Johnson. It's the guy that he can lose sight of. So when I said this I was just filling myself in my bag. You know you in school, you got all this useless knowledge in you. Let me mix this with a little football and run with it. You know what I'm saying? But I wouldn't say it was no guy. I say Tyrone Calico when I was in college probably gave me the most problems in college.


He ended up being a hell of a player kind of cut short by injuries in Tennessee. But he was a hell of a player. So I played against some guys. But if I get to play against you more than once, I can solve the problem. Did you guard Calvin Johnson one on one? Yes I did. What was that like? He's the biggest human being I ever seen in my life. Yeah. Like but I have no problem with tall guys 'cause I'm you, I'm not gonna lose sight of you. You can look I have no problem with to no problem with Randy. You ain't got, you ain't gonna see me on they highlight 'cause they ain't burning me To was so good. There was one thing about him though, whenever he would play against you guys. Yeah. He was afraid of Sean Taylor. No, You damn right. Yeah like come on because one hey beast, let me introduce you to another beast.


Like, because the one thing about Sean is he's their size but he's faster than them. And that's the craziest thing about it. I remember one day we was sitting in the back of the huddle and LaVar Arrington and Sean were talking in the huddle and I was like, is it me? Are they the same damn size? Yeah. Like they the same, like when we got him as a rookie, he was 2 40, 2 45 sometime played at two 50 and he's still the fastest man on the damn field. That's unbelievable. Like it's something when the 1%, the top 1% because once you're in the league, you part of that top 1% but then it's the 1% of the 1%. Sean was the 1% of the 1% meaning he's sticking out amongst the 1%.


You could still be like eh, he different. Yeah. Me and Coach Gill would talk about like, eh, he different Coach Cole like Yeah 'cause we can't control him. When I say can't control him, he had one speed. We'll be doing walkthroughs, you know walkthroughs touching people. We're not, not Shun come right down here And we doing, we doing ones against ones. Clinton, porters get the ball, come right down here. Shun mow him down. Coach be like, come on now. Half speed, no tackling. Yeah hike mow him down and he'll be like, coach, if they put the ball in they hands I'm gonna mow him down and he dead. Seriously? Yeah. When, when he just, when he comes to practice he clicks in and it's on.


I remember one day, I don't know if he was a little later, what? This dude comes out there with blue jeans under his football pad. I see something to happen today. Yeah. I see it ain't right. And he just started mowing through people. I'm like, dude Greg will you know Greg, William loves this type stuff. Yeah. Like so even though Coach Gibbs telling him lay off, Greg just got this grin on his face like let him loose And that's what type play he was. Your teammates is not safe. Alright. We was on defense together playing against Dallas. We beat Dallas but I got Jones on the running back Jones.


I got him. I'm holding him and Sean just come knock the whole paddle down. He hurts me, he hurts Jones. I have to go to the hospital 'cause he lacerated my kidney. Oh my God. Jones got a concussion. And this just the, the people that was in the pile? Yeah. Yeah. Like so that's friendly fire that's all up above. Like I'm laying in the hospital, can't fly back with the team 'cause he lacerated mc kitten. So that's what type player like I, the one thing that I just always wish I could have seen him play out the career. Yeah, I know because that last year we were headed to Green Bay. This dude leading the intercept, leading the league and interceptions got like six, seven at this time. He headed for 14 picks this year at the rate he's going then he had slimed up.


Yeah he had slimed up. He was like 220 pounds. So he ain't faster right now. I was like man, 'cause me Eric Reed all that was talking about, I like, dude, this dude keep going the way he going. He gonna be the best safety to ever play together. And Eric was like, yeah man. Like he is. So when you got a guy like Ed Reed agreeing with you on the situation like that. Yeah, that's, that tells you the depth of this player. 'cause he had Ed Reed's ball skills Zach to the T, but he hit like Ronnie lot. That's, that's the perfect safety. If, if God's building a safety. His name is Sean Tate. Yeah. Alright, well Fred, this has been awesome. You are, you're the best. We gotta have you back on again. Not wait six years.


The next time. I got one last question.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code. Take, this isn't even a question, it's just that you did a Reddit a MAA few years ago.


Yeah. And someone asked, what should I eat when I get home? And you said pussy if possible. My friend low in calories. I was just funny. I just wanna say No, I did not Say that. Yeah, You did. No, I'm gonna tell you who said that. I, I had a guy that used to do my PR and I let him run my red. Your PR Guy said your PR guy said pussy. He has the foulest mind of all because I, I, I did read it like once or twice, but I did all mine visually. Okay. Like I got on there and did it and I just let him do it and he did that. You gotta realize my mouth is filthy but my mouth filthy in person. Yeah. You'll never see me like look at my Twitter. You see anything wrote down?


That's crazy. Like I don't write thing things down. That's crazy. Yeah. That was all him and I let him have that one. Okay. Also, you instead of saying eating pussy, you would've said running through the okra patch. Right. Well Thank you. Yeah. You know I say mine with a little bit more mystery to it. Exactly. Now people have to come and ask me what's running through the okra patch. It is what it sounds like. Yeah. Like, But other than that I'm more, I'm more clean pure because I done did the, the top of the line medias so I know how to say what I need to say and how I need to say it. Yeah, No. Yeah. Grasshopper and a horse. Yeah. What is that again? What the hell is that again? No, No. It was a grasshopper. Tell the truth to a horse.


Okay. You let him. Yeah. Oh man. Well Fred, thank you so much man. We really appreciate it. Hey, anytime man. Thank y'all for having


Fred Smoot was brought to you by Three Chi. You know we only bring you the best and three cheese is exactly that. Three cheese premium cannabis products are lab tested, legal and straight up fire. And now they're added flour to their lineup. That's right. Potent cannabis flour with the same effects that you'd get from a dispensary available right now@threechi.com. Whether you're looking to chill after a long day, focus up on a project or just kick it with friends. Three cheese's got what you need. If your flour's not your thing. They have vapes, gummies, drinks and more to get you where you're looking to go. The best part is it's legal and it's delivered straight to your door. No hassle, no stress, no dealing with dispensary lines or shady dealers. Just fire weed whenever you need it. And right now they have a monster 30% off everything sale going on now through Cyber Monday. Go to three g.com. Stock up for everything you need to keep you going through the holidays. Again, that's the number three ch i.com three cheese premium Cannabis flour is now live order directly@threechi.com. Lab tested pure and potent. No guessing games. Just top tier quality delivered right to your door. Three cheese for everyone who values quality, consistency and a killer experience. Easy, fast, reliable. Three Cheese online shop is everything you need to level up your cannabis game. Step up your cannabis game. Shop three Chi THCA flour. Now for top shelf quality delivered straight to your door. Just go to Three Chi. That's number three CH i.com.


Alright, Let's do our weekend preview talking some games we'll rip through a few of these because we're obviously taping on Tuesday. So there hasn't been a ton of new news. But I wanted to start with the Seahawks of the Jets. Jets plus two and a half over under 41 and a half on Draftking Sportsbook memes. What, what most recent news have we heard about the Jets this past week? We have hired an outside company to find our gm. What Outside company is that? That'd be the 33rd team. Okay. What do they do? They are consultants to the owner to find a proper GM to lead your team.


Are they a media company? Kind of. So like hiring Barstow sports? Pretty much. But the Commanders also just did that. Ah, Well they, they had an extensive search and they hired the, but it was led one of the executives from the Golden State Warriors. It was Led by the, it was led by these guys. Wait, Mike Tanenbaum, is that the guy who said that you should trade Miles Garrett to the Lions and the Lions should give up three first round picks in Jamir Gibbs. He was doing media. Is that, oh is that the same? Mike Dan Baum that hates Josh Allen and said he would've never drafted them. Sa sa same guy who has a winning record as a gm as the Jets with the Jets memes.


How old are you again? 29. People keep making fun of me for that. Why? I don't know Why. Why do they make fun of you for being 29? I don't know. I don't know. That makes no sense To me. He doesn't like when people think that he's, that it's a compliment. They're like how is he that old? I thought he was 22. Oh. Which pisses me off because I get the opposite. Yeah, well that's, that's weight related. Max just so you know 'cause I get the Opposite team, you think? Yeah. People are like, oh you're 50. So memes, you're 29. So how old were you in 2008 ish? 2008. Let's do some math. 14, 13. Okay. Alright. So my question is, so there was a report that came out that Aaron Rogers is so injured that he doesn't wanna do a scan on his injuries, but because he doesn't wanna be taken off the field, this report coming from most likely Aaron Rogers when the shit goes down and he's like, oh yeah, actually you guys don't even understand how injured I am.


Memes. Has this ever happened to the Jets before? If a player played through injury Yeah. That actually kind of hurt the team. Not that I could Remember. Okay, so you're too young because it has happened before and it was a former Packer's quarterback named Brett Fav who tore his bicep and decided to keep playing through the injury and basically was so bad at the end of his jets run that he should have taken himself out. But he didn't. It's insane that they Started 83 that year too, right? Yes. And then he tore his bicep and he basically was like, I'm gonna play through it. 'cause I'm Brett Fav similar to Aaron Rogers, who obviously they didn't start eight and three but is playing through an injury.


They are just living the same life. Wait, do do you think that, you think Aaron Rogers leaked this news probably even though the same news was leaked when Brett Fav was the quarterback? What do you mean? Yeah, like That? Yeah. Yeah. That might be coming from Woody Johnson. Yeah, True. True. Like he's, he's the one common denominator in all this. I think he's, it would benefit Woody to get the story out there that Aaron Rogers is being an insubordinate dick and he's injured and he's costing our team games. I think it helps Aaron Rogers though a lot too, to be like, he's such a warrior. He wants to stay in this game. That's That is True. Yeah. He, he, he's, he, you guys don't even understand what he's dealing with. Yeah. So he refuses to get scans. It's Brett Far. Yeah, Brett far did that in 2008.


He basically, after the season, had to get surgery on his torn Right bicep. And he's like, yeah, it, it kind of affected me. Yeah. Like torn Right. Bicep Memes. Where are you seeing that the commanders hired the 33rd team? Spielman, the other guy that's not town and Bomb was part of the search for Adam Peters. Mm. Right. I I agree with that. I just don't think that they hired the 33rd team. What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean? I mean that I don't think that they hired the 33rd team to try to fight. They might have had Spielman, they might have had the guy from Golden State Warriors and some other guys. I just never heard that. So I was, I was wondering Why, what is, what, what's going on here?


This is a blog on the, on the 33rd team. I'm confused on who the 33rd team is. So I know who the 33rd team is, but I don't really know The Jets hired the 33rd team. Did they not? Correct. Yes. Yeah, they hired the organization. Now I will say that being a coaching and executive search firm is the best job in the world. Yes, it is the best. In fact, the 33rd team had a blog up I think like two weeks ago saying, here's who they should look at hiring if they do fire Joe Douglas. Yes. So like they had, they had blogged it. So they've got their own list that's ready to go that they had also helpfully shared with the rest of the league. Yeah. No it's, it's, I mean it's Ernie of Coursey, it's Bill Poon. All these guys who are basically, they just, they they get a million dollars to be like, Hey, here's the person you should hire.


Yeah. A friend. You Should hire Ben Johnson to be the coach. Yeah. I think the Seahawks are, their defense is really good. And this is, this is basically Gino just Gino, stop throwing Pixie in in the end zone Gino. You guys can be good. You guys can go to the Playoffs. Just be good. Gino Gino Revenge game. Yeah. Gino revenge game. That's huge. The Seahawks are the team that is just impossible to figure out. Yeah. Every time you think they're good, they're bad. Every time you think they're bad, they're good. See the Entire NFC West with the Jets, one of those teams is gonna go to the playoffs. You know that the jets are bad. Yeah. And they, but the Seahawks, I But Aaron Rogers Is hurt. Aaron Rods is hurt. Yeah. But they had a buy, but We don't know how hurt They had a buy. He might've gotten healthy. Yeah, He might've gotten healthy.


I I don't hate the Jets. I don't hate the Jets this weekend. At least they're not favored anymore. That was a weird stretch where they were always Yeah, it always favored. Very, very weird memes. Do, do you think that the Jets have a chance? I think they might. Nope. Okay. Yeah, I don't think so. I think Kenneth Walker's gonna have a day. Okay. Yeah, probably. Probably. And a lot of guys are gonna quit and then some guys will be fine for a job for next year, but the season is over. Yeah. Oh wow. I think that was the first time he said that. Over, Over Fully over. Alright. Steelers at Bengals. Bengals minus three over under 47. I like the Bengals here because the Zach Robinson put Zach Taylor. Zach Taylor. Sorry, Zach Taylor put ping pong tables back in the Bengals locker room.


Yep. Being in, that's it. Being a head coach is a never ending cycle of taking the ping pong table out. Yep. And putting the ping pong table back in. I saw an interesting quote about that and it came from their kicker. Evan McPherson hasn't had a great season. Nope. He said he felt the Bengals teams over the past three years have been really close. That ping pong has played a role in that because players spend time with the teammates. They might not otherwise. Yeah. It sounds like Evan McPherson, Evan a kicker is like, it's the only way that people hang out with me is if we're playing ping pong. Yeah. Can we just get like the punters and the kickers to feel like they're part of the football team? Yeah. He might not be wrong. Yeah. No, he's not wrong. And he's, yeah. Zach Taylor on the ping pong tables returning to the locker room, creates a little energy, gets guys to interact, creates competitiveness.


Competitiveness All the time. You compete from the time you step foot inside those doors. By The way, president Pug is doing a great job. Yes. On the computer. Yeah. I love this. He's just pulling shit up for us. Something that Max would never do, You're crushing it. Well the max is Too busy with his a DD just like throwing a football to himself. Got pug. Excuse me. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Government name, use the government doing P pug has nice delicate little skinny fingers that are able to type much faster. Yeah. Yeah. He's doing pug Max Pugs putting you to shame right now. I mean, sorry, I got fat fingers. Yeah, no, we had to, We we might have to have pugs sitting in here. Max on, on the couch. He does the computer Max on the couch. Yep. It'd be nice Also.


Jermaine Pratt guaranteed a win. I don't really know if you can be a Bengals defensive player and guarantee a win. No, you probably shouldn't do that. The, the Steelers didn't look awesome against the Browns. But I'm gonna chalk all this up to just a FC North games or, Or you could do, well this is a FC North games, so Yeah. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. You, you could do George Pickens. It was a snow, It was a snow. Pickens got in a fight after the game with a, a defensive back. At first I thought he was fighting a fan. Yeah. Turns out it was a db. The Bengals being favorites. Does that make sense? Yeah. I I think the Steelers are on fraud Watch for me. Okay. Yeah. I do. I do. I I mean I I, their defense is very, very good. I I think they're on fraud Watch.


Tomlin has an underdog though. We always say It. Yeah. Oh, for sure. The Steelers absolutely could win this game. But this is a game that I, if they, if the Bengals get life back in this, I, I'm putting the Steelers on fraud watch, especially with who the Steelers have the rest of their way, The ping pong table, They're gonna play the Ravens again. I think they play the Chiefs. I think they gotta play the Bengals again. Steelers have a very tough schedule down the stretch. And I don't know like who the Steelers have beaten a lot of bad teams and the Ravens who they always beat, they also lost the Cowboys. You know what I mean? Like, I, I just think if you look at the Steelers did, I'm, I'm not saying they're frauds, I'm just saying fraud Watch.


They beat, Did they beat the Chargers? They beat the Chargers when Justin Herbert couldn't walk. Yeah. He literally had like severely sprained ankle and I remember watching that game. He couldn't move at all. He couldn't do like play action Beat the Broncos. I think They did beat the Broncos. That was Bo Nicks' second start in the NFL beat the Commanders when the commanders were looking decent. Yeah. But I mean, Raiders, giants, jets lost to the Cowboys who could lose the Cowboys? No one. Right? Well they D too. Yeah, they did. DI just, again, I don't, I'm not putting the Steelers under frauds. This is their fraud watch game because the rest of their, their, their season is Bengals Browns again, then they have to play the Eagles Ravens Chiefs Bengals.


That's really tough. If they lead, if they let the Bengals back in here. 'cause I think the Bengals have a little bit of easier schedules. They let the Bengals back in this thing, the Bengals will most likely be playing for something in week 18. So it's like a double whammy against them. Yeah. They're hurting themselves twice. They gotta win this game and then I'm not, and then they're off the fraud watch. Okay. Next game. Cardinals of Vikings, Vikings minus three and a half over under 45 and a half. I think the Vikings are gonna win this game. Okay. Hank's taking notes. I am, again, the, the Cardinals kind of fall into the same lines as the Seahawks with me, which is, I'm not really sure how to, how to peg them at all. Yeah. I can't peg the Cardinals. I do think that the Vikings are a legitimately good football team.


Yes, I do too. I I, I think I have a read on the Cardinals ish and it's, if you can run the ball, their offensive looks explosive when they can't. It looks broken. I, I think I said this two months ago. Vikings can stop the run. So that's why I like the Vikings, Vikings can really stop the run. Right. And the Vikings is the first time they've, they've been home in three weeks, four weeks. They, they've, I they think they played three straight. No, they played two straight, three straight road games and they've been playing tough games. I think it's going to, I I just like the Vikings of this Game. I I will say though that if the Cardinals win this game, I will believe fully in the Cardinals. Oh yeah. Yeah. This is the, like Kyler would be locked in if he, if they somehow win this game on the road, that would be a huge win for them.


Yeah. But until they do, I I just think that the Vikings are very, I believe in Sam Donald still think he's having a great season. He's had a couple missteps, but like I'd still think that what we see now is Sam Donald. That's who Sam Donald is now. Agreed. I don't think that he's gonna suck down the stretch or turn to a different player. I think he's legitimately a good quarterback right now. If the Cardinals can go in and win this game, then I'll be like, yeah, Cardinals should win their division. Yeah. Yeah. Agreed. Next game. The Tennessee Titans at the Washington Commanders. Commander's minus five and a half over under 45 and a half. You have to win this game. PFT win. Gotta win. We said it last week. Must win. But you Have to win this game Must win and can't lose at the same time.


You Have to win this game. It's A, it's a double must. How, how are you and Hank, by the way, I noticed you guys didn't sleep in the same house the last Two nights. No, we haven't been speaking. Yeah. Memes is, memes is legitimately Memes is the child that, like if mom and dad disagree over, like they get in like a little spat because they're going driving somewhere and they get lost. Yeah. Memes is like, oh my God, they're getting Divorced. Yeah, no, we're fighting over the radio. I want Kendrick on Hank is a huge Drake fan boy. So we're, we're having those arguments in front of memes and yeah, it's kind of, it's kind of awkward. Memes does think that everyone's breaking up all the time though. PFT was in the game cave yesterday going to every single person saying, did you see Hank the clips of Hank? Well, so, so what's interesting is they came to me yesterday.


Oh. So who's they little update people in the gambling cave that happened to be around at the time they came to me because they listened to Monday's part of my take. And they came up to me, they said, Hank is so full of shit. Who? They're not on trial here. I have sources the walls. Alright, I guess we'll do a, an unnamed source off. Okay. So the walls came up to me and they said, because I Heard what meme said. What? That you were just walking up tr trying to find people to No, that's not the case. No. Oh no. They interesting. They came to me and they said, Hank is so full of shit. I listened to Monday's part of my take. And you were absolutely picking up on Hank trying to like secretly root against you during that game.


And then they said, we can actually find the clips. And so they're, Hank was showing people his future bet on the commanders not making the playoffs and laughing whenever the commanders would do something bad, the Cowboys do something good. Pauls pulled Up the clips. You were showing it around and you were laughing and they sent me the clips. Is this true? Yeah. Yeah. Good. Que Before you watch the video, Hank is this true? I showed someone the bed slip. I think that someone also might have went to JMU, which I is interesting, interesting piece of evidence. Okay. The jury member that we're talking about here. So you, so you were, But I wasn't laughing. I was not laughing when the commanders did something bad. I laughed when they missed the extra point. The same way I laughed when the bears made.


Like that's just like a, a trauma laugh. Yeah. Yeah. Trauma laugh Now. But like, showing someone a bet slip because again, I also showed them the commanders to win the Super Bowl. Be slip. So it's like true. I have the commanders to win the Super Bowl. If the commanders make the playoffs, I'll be calmed the fuck out. All right. So do we have the video here? The videos Pug. Oh, too loud. Too loud. Too loud. Too loud. Too loud. Okay. That's the missed extra point. There's Hank laughing. Whoa, Whoa. And smiling. Where's the laugh? Where's the laugh? Where's laugh? Where's the lap? Where's the lap? Where is the Start over. Start over. Where is the lap? Can you zoom In? P can you, can you, can you Make it bigger? I'm going. I have my hand for the podcast listeners. I have my hand over my mouth.


Okay. And I was going, oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. We should, oh my God. We should start at the first one. 'cause I think the, the first One is the one IJI Jinks. Pug doing a great job. He's all over the place now. I think it might be the other one, pug. Because that's the one where he's showing the bets. P yeah. The one that's first. Well, Yeah, yeah. Okay. So here's Hank looking at his phone. And this is after the spin move touchdown showing IBO commanders missed the playoff. Smiling. He wasn't a laugh. He's just showing, Showing the bet. Slip and smiling. Okay. That's, I mean, that's not guilty of anything. You, That's the clip.


You know, There's, there's more. I thought the clip would be more damning. There's more like if he had, like, if he had like pointed to you and then throat slashed. Okay. This is his second clip. He thought he's an a plus receiver, but he doesn't have a quarterback. Oh No. That kick your suck. That was a bad hold. Hold. Now keep in mind Hank running and laughing. This is whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Pause it. Pause it. Pug, pause it. Pug. The laugh there was, because before that clip, that was when you turned around and told me to suck your dick and fuck you. So after that, after you said that, I was actively root against the commanders, I was happy they lost.


After that everything before that was nothing. So that smile that I had after they missed extra point was literally after you turned around to me, DX sucked in my face and said, fuck you Hank, suck my dick. I didn't, I didn't dx. There was no D Xing. Okay. Wait. The, the entire, the entire reason that people, Okay, let's play that third clip. 'cause I, I'm curious where the smiles and laughs are here. The entire, if you pull this evidence up, let's show it. Let's show the evidence. Show the evidence after, After listening to Monday show and told me this was because they listen, I hank and bet however he wants. I think it's a funny troll bet. But then Hank trying convinced me that he was not rooting against the commanders. That's where, Where is evidence to me rooting against the commanders. You just showed evidence that proved nothing.


That you just said Show showing the bet slip and then laughing and then wait. Can we show that again? Again? Because I don't think that was laughing. Getting up. I don't see sprinting around the clip. One pug. Clip one pug. Please show me the laugh here. 'cause, 'cause 'cause Ebo laughs. Patriot score. Touchdown. One, Two, and Got it. Need the late card, Babe. Yeah, there's, there's, there's some smirking going on. So we've gone, so we've downgraded from laughing To smirking. Can I, can I say something real quick? Sidebar with UPFT. Okay, I've, I've watched these clips.


Listen, Hank's a piece of shit. He's a troll. He's a piece of shit. Correct? He's a bad guy, correct? I think he might be too much in your head right now. It's, it's a possibility. I think you're, you're overthinking Hank's existence a little memes is nodding right now. Well, the thing memes, I, I think means you don't get to do that. I think you, I think he might be winning because you spent 48 hours collecting that. Now, see, no, here's where, here's where I'll disagree with you. I have not done any collection. These are people that are out there in the company that agree with me, that think that Hank, And again, well, let's, where, where'd this person go to school? Well, it's multiple people. Actually. Hank who Else, right? Who else it, there were three people yesterday that were telling me about this that were like, it's just Convenient.


You won't name their names. Like you're, because like why, why, why, why are you protecting their identity? I'm going to send their, I'm gonna send clips to you because I've Had like a Hundred People come up to me and say that I've done, I'm in your head and I'm destroying You. I've done zero. I've done zero sourcing. These are all people that have come to me and said, Hank's a piece of shit. He was rooting against you all game. Hank and Root, however he wants. My whole thing is no evidence I accurately picked up on Hank. Get we have A whole Stream. And now Hank is saying that I did not accurately pick up on that. That's my whole thing. And if, if me caring about that is Hank being too far in my head, then guilty is charged. I am, I am a hundred percent guilty of Hank being in my head Again. Like, I, I really don't care.


I know I'm in your head. I know, I know. This is a, a dub for me. You went on this whole soliloquy on Sunday about how you picked up on these things and, and, and you have evidence it was on stream. The evidence that you just presented proves nothing what you just said. Well, I didn't have people go back through the entire stream and pull things out. They just sent what? No, I didn't, they just sent these clips to me. I didn't ask them to go through the entire stream. Did you ask 'em to send you the clips When they said, we can find the clips? I said yes. Send them to me. Max. Do you have anything to say? Max is in his bathroom taking a shit. He's frozen. Can't see Anything. Just good wifi there, max. Yeah. Oh, here he is. Oh, max.


No, he sucks. You suck Max. He's got nothing. I think. Yeah, I mean, again, I, I have your back in the fact that Hank does root against us and he is a troll. And, and these are all facts, but he's gonna, he's gonna kill you by you. Like he's, you're all consumed by Hank. I'm consumed by Hank a little bit. Right? I but I needed somebody to, it's not healthy. I needed somebody to, to take the sting off losing to the Cowboys. And Hank is a, is a great scapegoat to have around. But I'm just saying facts are facts. Hank was rooting against the commanders was pretending that he wasn't. The facts that you're, the evidence that you're using to prove those facts is just proves nothing.


Like that's where it's like I would act this was a court of law. Like I'd be even more innocent than I was on Sunday. I probably, I probably should have gone That Innocent was, that evidence was horrible. Okay. Well, the, the evidence, I Agree or disagree. The evidence Was shown to me. I did Evidence showed something, but not really the full, like he wasn't like laughing. He just showed a bet because the game was going a certain way. I have circumstantial evidence. I did not go back through the, the footage myself. I think You're gonna have to, I, no, I then hank's in my head. I think, I think I will concede the point to Hank that the evidence is not as compelling as I I was told it would be. And we can move on from there. We're still not gonna talk. Yeah. Don't talk.


Great. Max, you're back. I'm back. I'm back. Okay. Thoughts? I think I've been in PFT scenario. Right? I have too. And there's something about him. Yeah. That when you're going through it and you know that he's happy, that it makes you angry. Hank does a good job of it. So it's good for the show. Yeah. Yeah. And I am, I'm not completely faulting PFD because I've told Hank to suck my dick many a time. Yeah. For really no reason. Yeah. Yeah. No, you what you're saying. I agree with because I, I've been in this, I've been in pf t's shoes many, many times as well.


That's why as an outsider in this spot, it's like there's nothing you can do. You gotta just give it up because he's gonna drive you nuts. He's driving me nuts. Another Good way. Nuts to show You're losing Max. The PFT is that Big Cat and Max both would love to have evidence that goes against me and Correct. Cut a piece of shit and say, you're right. The fact that they can't and they're tiptoeing around being like, yeah, but just means like they know I'm a hundred percent right. They just really don't wanna admit It. I mean, I've been, yeah, I've been in your shoes many, many times. I mean the, the, the Wisconsin JMU game when he showed up in all purple and he's like, I'm, I was wore purple today. That was fucking, that was our thing. Yeah. See, I've been there. That was for work. And I wish I, that was literally, we had a I this point at some point I wish I had.


You didn't speak to me that night either. I wish I had a point where I, someone had been like, Hey, just give it up. 'cause he's he's, he's going to just destroy you mentally. That was Buster 'cause of his existence. So yeah. Little, Little peek behind the curtain here. I'm not, I'm not actually mad at Hank at all for any of this. Yeah. But he is driving me insane. Correct. The fact that he won't admit correct. That he was doing something, that he was correct. That's All I wanted as well. That's, that's all it boils down to. Yes. It's like Hank, he's Really good at, Hank is very good at his job. He's a very good troll. He's doing a great job stirring things up. And even though his bet go, his bets go against me. Guess what? That's betting. You're gonna bet against your friends at some point. Call me his future. You're allowed to do that. But then when it gets down to him denying something that is true, then I start to be like, I I'm going insane.


Yeah. Hank is driving means I need this Thanksgiving break to get away from Hank. Yeah. No, He he has a very good ability to just make you insane. Yeah. And he's done it to all of us. Me, you're doing a great job. Hank Memes. You've had it too, where Hank's made you go insane. Again, this is where the existence thing comes in. It's like the Patriots playing the Jets memes Fight Me. No, I don't. No, I don't think so. Listen, I'm sorry guys. I'm, I I really am. I mean, when, when Hank just literally says we're, we're thinking about hiring someone to, to help with your load. You're like, I wanna kill you Hank you're trying to fire me. Yeah. Well that's just life related. What he, what Hank's doing his job as a good boss.


Hank's name And memes. His phone was he of me for, For years. I didn't know that. That's insane. That's good. That's good to know. That's good Shit. It's hen rolled now. Alright. So hen roll as it pertains to this game, I'm just gonna take Washington. We have to win this game. Yeah. And we gotta win it decisively. I am again, I'm officially concerned about the offense. Right. Now it, here's the thought experiment for Cliff Kingsbury. Close your eyes and imagine Terry McCluen lining up on the other side of the football. Yeah. Occasionally. Because he only has him line up on one side like 97% of the time. He's never in motion. He's an awesome player. Let Terry move around a little bit. It the, the Titans do scare me.


They scare every team scares me now. Yeah. We right now, if you were to look at the Commanders and say, are they a good football team? I think the answer is no. I, I don't think that they are at all. So we, I mean we still control our own destiny if we can just manage to beat teams like the Titans Yeah. And the Saints. Yeah. And the Falcons just Gotta Win this and the Cowboys. Alright, let's do rapid fire. A couple of these games that are kind of gross Cults had Patriots, Patriots plus three over under 42 and a half. Anything Hank? I think the Colts, this is a, a game where Anthony Richardson is bad against like complex defenses. The Patriot Steven defenses is bad. I think this is where it'll have like four touchdowns. Yeah. I kind of agree. Just dominate. What are your thoughts on Gerod Mayo?


Basically stemming football games where he is like, I can't do anything once they're out there on the field. Yeah. That's bad coaching. He's he's he's bad with the media. Yeah. We talked about that on Monday where it's just like, don't say that. Yeah. Don't, Don't, that quote makes no sense. What was The game? Was it, it's not Madden. Was it football? Like football coach head football coach. Yeah. Something like that where You just like do everything except actually game soccer. Game game. Yeah. Football manager is the one where you like, do the transactions, get your team prepared during practice and then the game happens and you just hit like sim and you don't get to control anything he needs. That's, that's what Gerod Mayo's been doing. Yeah. He needs that bad. Yeah. I this game. I don't It's gross.


It's gross game. I think it's a cult. Like Yeah. I think Anthony Richardson goes Off couple other rapid fire. 'cause it's, these are not the best bucks at Panthers. I, I mean the Panthers playing a lot better. Maybe they, maybe they keep this one tight too. Panthers are plus six over hundred 46 and a half. Yeah. So Bryce Young has to look good. Yep. I saw, I saw people doing Cutups of the all 22 of Bryce Young throws for good reasons, which I've never seen before. They looked, they looked like he was actually slinging the ball. Like he was dropping 'em in some tight windows. He was decisive with his throws. I just liked the bucks too much. Yeah. I feel like that was a very baker That was, they say that there's no moral victories in the NFL. The Panthers had a big time moral victory last week.


Yes. That was huge. They, they blew the chiefs out morally. Yes. But yeah. Baker's on a mission right now. Baker. So I, I like the box. Baker Baker. Baker Baker Houston at Jacksonville. Jacksonville minus five over 43 and a half. I, I just had Urban Meyer didn't know who Mike Vrabel was. That was a crazy story from the man and cast. Was that a joke that he always says? I don't, I don't know if it was a joke, but I I believe it too. If It's a joke, I'm gonna start using that line. Yeah. Just like people I know very well. Yeah. So who are you? Who Are you on the couch? Yeah. But this is a, if Houston wants to get right going through the December stretch and make a push, this is the game. They have to do it. Yeah. Because I can't believe Doug Peterson, how, how, How has he not been fired?


Did would, Did he wake up every morning during the bi-week being like, okay, today's the day. Yeah. In a way I actually was thinking this is, this is worse than being fired for Doug Peterson. Yeah. This is a way to get back at him where you have to shot con Where you have to, you go into the work, you go into your office every morning into work, you tap your key card and you think to yourself, this is the day where my key card doesn't work and anymore and it works. And you're like, what the fuck? And you have to do that over and over and over again at some point. Having it not work has gotta be so relieving to you because you've been thinking about getting fired for the last probably seven, eight weeks. Yeah. He's just been flinching all week. He's been flinching. He's been flinching at the door and he is like, somehow this is still going on. I would really like to just play golf. Yeah.


Maybe, I mean, with Trevor Lawrence back, maybe the Jaguars do something. Maybe they Could, I mean I don't really believe in the Texans that much Either. Could been, I don't know. Yeah. No I don't either. This is a gross game. It the Ts need to win this game. This is a prove it game for the Texans. Yep. Take care of business chargers at Falcons actually is a pretty good game. Chargers off a loss. Falcons off a buy where, I forgot the Falcons existed. We did do a great interview with Kirk Cousins coming up, but that is, they were one of those Jaguars and Falcons Kind of both. I just kind of forgot about their existence for a week. Loser leaves town. Loser leaves town. If the Falcons Lose, they can still, they can still make it happen. And Same with the Chargers. Yeah. Loser.


Yeah. No this is not Loser is Loser Is slightly more for real. Loser. Loser got to the town limits and then turned around and went back. Loser Called a realtor. Yeah. Loser looked around in another town. Yeah. But they're gonna stay put Loser checked on insurance rates and a new city. I do think the Chargers offensive line against a weak Falcons pass. Rushes is a mismatch in this game it feels like. And then Rams Saints was another one that I had listed that's like this. I mean the Saints have already left town but Rams, you have to win this game if for the Rams, there's a lot of back against the wall games this week. The Saints left town, but then they came back. Yeah. They're like a cat. You you hated this cat. It's shit in the house all the time.


You drove it outside Town Limits left it like opened up the door to its crate, put it out in the forest and then the cat came back. Yeah. The cat showed up. And the Saints, they've looked like a different football team. Yeah. Since the Risler has taken over. Yeah. The Riz Izzy God Yeah. Is doing the thing. But yeah. Don't you feel like this is the last stand for the Rams? Yes. You have to win this game. Yes. Go win this game. If you don't, if the Rams don't win this game, then I think your, your Pinky's a hundred percent safe. Yes. I would say, I would say it's already safe. That's why I made it my pinky team. Alright. A couple games that are good games. The last two Eagles at Ravens. Ravens minus three over under 51. I'm gonna say right now, this is my, if the Eagles win this game, they're for real Game Max.


So what does that mean if they lose? They're not for real. You Mean not for real? Can you hear me? Yeah. Yeah, we can hear you. They're not for real. They have to win this game. So Losing on the road at Baltimore, like they just have to win every single game to be for Real. Yeah. That's why I did that because I've done that a couple weeks and you're like, what the fuck? Why is every single week they have to be to win this game to be for real. I was trolling you Max. Nope, Nope, nope. That's me being dumb. That's me being dumb. That's okay. That's okay. I'll Do you think I'll wear that one? Think you're gonna win this game. The the Ravens do stop the run very well. Are you worried Jalen hurts? Maybe has to win this game? No. Yeah. This is a tough game. Yeah. This is obviously a tough game. I'm not gonna overreact one way or the other actually No, I will.


Yeah. So overreact. Oh yes. If they win this game, if they win this game, they're favorites to win the Super Bowl. But I'm telling myself I will not overreact. If they lose this game, it's gonna be a close one. Sirianni hasn't coached too well with decision making in close games. I still, I do think Sirianni is coaching very well right now. I'm worried about a close game. I think this game might come, come down to the kickers. There's two kickers that haven't been great this year that are historically good. I think, I think the kickers are gonna, are gonna be a factor in this game. That's my take. Okay. And okay. I would say the, the winner of this game, I would put them firmly as the second most likely team to win the Super Bowl in each conference.


Yes. Yes. No, I, if the Eagles win this game, I don't know why they wouldn't be just as likely as the Lions. The lions are better at everything. They're That way right now, but okay. Wait, wait a minute. You said if the Eagles win this game, they're second most likely. Yeah. Win the NFC firmly second most. Yeah, they already are. But I, yeah, I I'm with you Max. In the fact that I, I I know the Lions have been killing teams and I know the lions look really good, but I think the Eagles like, if those two teams play will, it will matter a lot where they play. 'cause if the Eagles can somehow get the one seed, I think that changes the entire dynamic of the NFC playoffs.


But I think that's as evenly matched the game as you can get. Yeah, I agree. Okay. We're all, we're all on the same page. If the Except PF ft, this will be a the same page. Fun. This will be a fun game to see where, where everyone's at, see where the Ravens are at. See where the Eagles are At PF T's. Not on the same page with you in terms of where the lions are versus the Eagles. He thinks the lions are way, way, way, way, way better. Well I just think they're the best team in the NFL. Well, Yeah. And then you just said that they were better at every facet and then we looked at the stats and you were just wrong. So I was wrong about that. That's that's correct. Damn. Yeah. More wrong evidence. Oh No. So your, your opinion might Not, don't, don't take the bait there Matter. Oh no, I think my opinion matters. National Sports Sports podcast.


Good point. I think that you're being a little disrespectful of the city of Detroit and everything that the Lions have accomplished this season. They're a historically good football team right now. It's a great story. I'm rooting for my underdogs up in Detroit and I'm still showing respect to the Eagles. No, It's not. I I don't think you are. And I'm not saying that the, like the, I'm not saying that the Eagles are better than the Lions. I'm just saying that the Eagles and the Lions need to be on in the same conversation. They Are. I they are. The lions are better than saying that. We're literally having that conversation right now. I think The lions are better than the Eagles. I think different, but I'm Forcing that conversation. Yeah. I think the lions are better than the Eagles right now. I think the, the difference between the two teams is razor thin. Is that fair sense? I'm I'm fine with that.


Yeah, I'm fine with that. But the other national podcasts around the world are not saying that. They're saying it's the Lions and then everybody else. Yeah. And I just wanted to say that I don't think it that's the case. Yeah, no, I think that, Well you gotta win this game to prove it. Listen. Especially if, if the Eagles get to one seat and Detroit has to go in the cold to Philadelphia, I would say that that's about as close to a toss up game as you can get. Yeah. Is that good enough for you? Yeah, that's fine. I'll accept that. Okay. Okay. Alright. That's a good, great Game. Gotta shut the fuck up. You're gonna drive me crazy. You're Gonna drive me absolutely insane. Can you imagine looking across the Thanksgiving table at, at hank? No. Knowing he's betting against all your Thanksgiving games. Smiling. Yeah, just, just smirking. Alright. Last game and then we'll do our picks and we'll get to Kirk Cousins Niners at Bills.


Bills minus six and half over under six. Over under, sorry, 46. I don't really, we're taping this on Tuesday. This game You can't handicap or talk about if you don't know if Brock Purdy's playing or Not. Yeah. We don't know what's gonna happen. It's a Bills route if he's not Playing, if it's Brandon Allen again. Yeah. Take the bills for everything. If it's Brock Purdy, probably still also take the bills. Yeah. Because I think the 49 ERs are broken. Here's a stat that I was, I read but I didn't fact check. So if it's wrong, whatever. I don't care. Doug McDermott, or sorry, Sean McDermott. Sean McDermott and Josh Allen are 19 and two in the regular season in December.


In January. Regular season games. So they finish the seasons very strong. Is there any chance Also might not be true? Wait, are you pulling up something about Daniel Jones right now? General, just trying to see if there's a chance he goes to the Niners. Yeah, because I I was gonna say that seems like it seems like a fit for him, right? It seems like Cal Shanahan would like a quarterback as a backup like that. It's certainly a lot better than, than Brandon now. But he wants to play for a contender. I don't know if you can call the 49 ERs a contender right now. Like even with Brock Purdy. Would you say that the 49 ERs Contender? No, I've, I've been on the 49 ERs are broken for a month now. And I yeah, I, I don't, I haven't seen, like even in their wins, they've played with their food in their, in some of their wins.


They're just, yeah. I I don't think they're, I think they're broken. I think they're just having a really bad season from hell where everything's gone wrong and it's, it's, I don't expect them to split the Switch. What? Yeah. Was that just, that was pug is like, oh, for four since I complimented It went to his head. Apologies. Just playing random noise while we're talking. Sorry. Alright. Should we do our picks? Our picks? Let's do our TD Parlay first brought to you by DraftKings Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER (800) 327-5050 Or visit gambling helpline ma.org in Massachusetts in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9.


Please gamble responsibly in Connecticut. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland 21 and over in present in most states, 18 and over in Washington, DC, Kentucky, New Hampshire or Wyoming offer Void in Ontario Void. Were prohibited Eligibility restrictions. Apply terms at sportsbook at DraftKings dot com slash promos on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resorting, Kansas. One plus promotion per day promotion, sport eligibility and requirements vary. Ends 12 31 24 sponsored by DraftKings. Who's in is it? Who's picking? We all, we all sucked last Week. Do we all miss? I think we all miss. So Then we should stick with the three. That one stick. Stick With the three.


That one. Every day is game day Trafficking sports book. Now through the end of the year, it's extra special. All customers will get a special daily promo every single day from Profit Boost. Odd boosts, no sweat bets and more. There's something for everyone. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Use code. Take that's code. Take use advantage of the special Daily Promotions only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Okay. Conviction. T Higgins. Jonathan Taylor. I had a conviction one, but Big Cat made me feel less convicted about it. Oh no, because I was gonna say Jamar Chase. I will Audible. No, no, I'll, no I'll Noar. Were you had, so you had, you had the conviction. You had the conviction. But Jamar Chase is more likely to get some conviction. Yeah.


Conviction. Drake, London. That's good. Conviction. Okay. That's gonna be some good odds. Let's win this one. Let's win this one. All right, our picks. Our picks. So we obviously just did our one pick for Thanksgiving, so we don't know what the records are as we're taping this one, but, so I go first. Am I going first? I will take first up, give me the Seahawks minus two and a half. Okay. I will take the Steelers Bengals under 47 Ravens Eagles over 51 Max Two.


I will take the no Rams minus one. Pick three. Yeah. Wait, who? What? Yeah. Max gets one pick. Oh, PFT gets two. I'm going to take the Saints plus three and then I'm going to take the Seahawks jets over. Has that been taken? No, I don't think so. Seahawks jets over 41 and a half. Okay. Max, I am going to take the, wait. Did you take Seahawks jets over? Yeah, I did. Or under, Over Which one? Over. I, I will, I will take that under. Okay. And a half max and I are going head to head on two picks.


Love that. Love that. Okay. Wait, what's it? Oh that's big. I mean this, this could, this is Everything. Big weekend. This might, this might be the weekend that costs one of us, the bachelor party. Or Given the way we've all picked, you guys will go one on one. Yeah. Possibility. I mean that's been, we're really bad And we go 500 or worse. Okay. Memes? I'm going primetime. Jamis plus five and a half. Love it. I'm gonna go Will Levis and the Titans plus five and a half. Okay. Has anyone taken the Patriots Cults over 42 and a half? No, but I like it. Yeah. Okay. We just play over games.


Okay. Should we finish up with Fantasy? Fuck Boys. Before we get to Kirk Cousins, brought to you by Body Armor, the segment segment is brought to you by Body Armor. Real hydration, real ingredients, packed with electrolytes, vitamins, and nothing. Artificial body armor, sports drinks has great tasting flavors like strawberry, banana and blue raspberry. Not only do we hydrate with body armor, but some of the best athletes in the world do as well. Like Christian McCaffrey, Joe Burrow and Sabrina Escu. So go get your body armor today at your Walmart or local grocery store near you. Okay. Oi, oi, oi, Oi. Hey, it's Johnny Salami. Didn't even know we were doing this week. My stardom.


Leftovers. Leftovers. Good stardom. Good stardom. You probably paused the podcast. You're listening to this on Friday. You got the leftovers in the fridge. Get up, go put some in the microwave. Get yourself a nice meal. Love it. Good for the whole weekend. My sitm is Drake. Drake. Oh, Drake. I dunno what the fuck this guy's doing. It's a, it's a rap battle and he is going to fucking court getting lawyers involved. What a fucking loser. I remember back in rap back in my days, people ended up dead over rap battles. Not in court. Yeah. Or Lockton. Diddy's basement. Yeah. What are your thoughts on Diddy? Bad guy. Okay. Kill Biggie. Bad Guy. Killed Biggie. Killed a lot of people. My sleeper.


He's Jonathan Taylor. He, there you go. Okay. Good. Good Sleeper. He hasn't scored two weeks. No, he's, he hasn't in two weeks. He's due. PMT Parlay pick. Nice. Jonathan Taylor. Nice. That's a great pick. That's a great pick. I love it's, Hey, what's up Fuckhead? This is Sean St. Nice. What's Up Sean? I definitely knew that we were doing fantasy fuck chord this week. Same with me. And I'm not, I'm not stalling. Before I get to my first one, I'm just saying for for the record, some of us come prepared to this podcast. Yep. Like me. Facts Sean. Stella, I'm starting deep frying your Turkey. Yeah. Deep fry that it's Friday. Toss, toss that bitch, it's Friday. Toss that bitch in the oil. Make sure Hey, safety first. Yeah.


Make sure you're fried indoors. Make sure you don't defrost the Turkey at all and make sure you drop it in all at once. Yeah. That's the key to having a real great safe, delicious, juicy, deep fried Turkey. Yeah. My sit this week is gonna be Drake because Drake's a Bitch. Oh yeah. And Drake doesn't know what he's doing. And guess what? Now he just made a very, very powerful, powerful enemy out of most of the listening public. And we're gonna find out about this Kendrick Lamar song and listen to it even more. Yeah. What is it? The braids. And he's gonna be going on, Kendrick's gonna be at the Super Bowl in Lil Wayne's house. Trashing everybody. Big year for Kendrick Lamar.


Yeah. Love that guy. And then my sleeper this week is gonna be Drake, London. That guy's gonna catch that guy's gonna catch multiple touchdowns. Possibly from Kirk Cousins. Yep. Good Italian guy Kirk. And he's gonna be thrown to Drake in the end zone. Yeah, I'm sleeping Drake. And I'm sitting Drake. Okay, so what's up guys? It's Anthony Lasagna. I knew we were doing this too. I just thought we were doing it, but I didn't prepare anything either. Well, no I did prepare something. Oh, what'd you Prepare? My, my stardom is rivalry week. Yeah. Yeah. These two teams don't like each other. They're gonna play in rivalries all weekend. It's gonna be sick. Go Out the record book when Texas and Texas a and m get together.


Yeah. My sit is gonna be shorts. Why? It's it's winter season. Thanksgiving's official start of no shore. Get your chilies. Oh really? It's going outside. Summer's over. Keep your beers outside. Yeah. And my sleeper is Drake Bulldogs. The college basketball team. They're six and oh love that. They won the Charleston tournament. The good, the bad, the ugly for Drakes this week. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. That's all of 'em. Very cool. That was fancy. Fuck Boys. Before we get to Kirk Cousins, I had breaking moves, breaking moves, breaking moves. I just got a text message from Big Dom. Oh yeah, You listen to Max Big Dom text me.


It was just a picture of the Grizzler and he said, how are you bro? Tell Max I have some Eagles gear for him. Love this kid. He could be my son. Oh, That's awesome. The the Let's go. Wait, love this kid. He could be my son, just so you know. Is about the Rizz Max. Oh, not about Max. That about the Riz. But he has Eagles gear for you. That was the picture of the Grizzler. And then he said, love this kid. He could be my son. Yeah, yeah. But he's got Eagles gear for you. Yeah. Big Dom's the best. I'll always take the Eagles gear. I get great compliments on all the Eagles gear that he sends me. He is the best. He is the best. Okay, let's do our interview with Kirk Cousins. Kirk Cousins is brought to you by Aura Frames. Let's be honest, what most people really want for the holidays is to see their favorite people more often.


That's why this year the best gift you can give besides plane tickets is an Aura Digital picture frame. Name the number one digital photo frame by Wirecutter. Aura Frames are incredibly smart and easy to use, allowing you to upload unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. Plus you can order the frame online, preload it with photos and videos using the Aura app so it's ready to go right outta the box. For a limited time visit Aura Frames dot com get $45 off or is bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code PMT at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code PMT and exclusive Black Friday. Cyber Monday deal is their best of the year. So don't miss out terms and conditions apply.


You've taken so many photos this year. Your loved ones wanna see you preload them on the aura frame and they can have it in their home. And look at all the important events, all the important photos that you took. It'll be with them all year long. A URA frames.com promo code PMT. And now here's Kirk Cousins. And now For something completely different. How about this backdrop I got. It's Sick. It is nice. Yeah. I like it. I thought this a fake, I thought it was a green screen, but that's a literal Backdrop. That's real. That's real. Holy shit. Is it? It's A real wall. Like, like this is like a you're wall in the future touch. We should just start the interview right now. Is that a, is that, is Kirk Cousins a recurring guest friend of the program?


Is that LED Kirk Cousins Or is that textured? Can you touch that? I, 'cause I want know the one. No, like my, like I can go, I can go back here. Yeah. Like That's sick. Like my hand can go behind the Falcon. Okay. All right. So this is first question. This is actually perfect. First question going from, oh clap. Can, can we run everything? Alright. So we'll, we'll just jump right in. Kirk Cousins with us recurring guest. How was the switch from purple to black? Because I mean, like you had to get a whole new wardrobe, right? Oh my goodness. It was a, it was a big switch. The wardrobe, you know, I'd love to tell you that was the, the biggest challenge. But there were a lot of other challenges with switching teams.


But yes, certainly the wardrobe. I heard a lot of high school friends who said, man, Kirk, I, I bought the Michigan State stuff, then I bought the Washington stuff and I bought the Minnesota stuff. Now I gotta buy Falcon stuff. So I think I've cost my family and family friends a lot of money over the years switching teams. But yeah, the, the wardrobe changed. We kind of took a lot of our purple and gold stuff and had to drop it off at my neighbor's house in Minnesota and say, Hey, you guys can go through this. 'cause we'll keep a few things as mementos, but the rest we, we don't really have a use for anymore. Yeah. Yeah. How did you feel the first time you put on the all black? Like, I always think of the Mike Vick era, all black Falcons uniform. I, I like the swagger the Falcons have always had.


I mean, you mentioned Mike Vick, you mentioned Dion Sanders is another one that comes to mind. I love our throwbacks we wear with the red helmets. I grew up in the Chicago suburbs. Barrington is where I would've gone to high school before I moved to Michigan And we were red and black. And so I kind of, it kind of takes me back to my childhood growing up in Barrington outside Chicago. So I love it. And you know, it, you always look a little better when you're winning and playing well, so that's, that's usually what you gotta do. Yeah. Yeah. And you're a Black Hawks fan, so you got you. You can just cross over like that. It's perfect. So wait, I, I wanna go back to something because you said you would say that the switching colors is the hardest part about joining a new team, but it wasn't, what is the hardest part about joining a new team?


Because I don't even, I don't think that's ever kind of crossed my mind players, especially someone who's been in the league for as long as you've been in the league and had a success to be like, alright, now I gotta kind of, not start over, but kind of start over. Right? Yeah. So I used to joke with my wife when I was in Minnesota. I would say, I don't know if I'm putting pressure on myself to play well because I want to play well or if it's because I never wanna move again. Right? Yeah. Right. 'cause moving, moving from Washington to Minnesota, it was really difficult to start over, you know, nice to meet you. I'm Kirk, you know, tell me how to call the plays. Tell me, you know, who my teammates are. What do they do? Well, you just, you start over from scratch and you're in, I was in year seven, but I felt like a rookie and it felt like it took a whole season to get to a place where you go, okay, I, I really have been here.


I'm established, I'm one of the guys, it took time, but now I'm here. And, and I knew when you change teams you have to take that on. So it wasn't a surprise, but, but it's, it, there's no easy way to do it. You can't just snap your fingers and, and make up for, you know, the last, you know, several years of not being there. So I worked as hard as I could this off season to create that. I thought we did a good job. But that's just a big challenge is, and then you have all the off the field stuff of finding a house and moving and living out of boxes for a while. But it, it's amazing 'cause you see on the ticker, like, you know, even like NBA or Major League baseball, so-and-so, you know, has traded or so-and-so switches teams and it's just kind of like a simple thing. And the next night you see 'em in a different jersey, but we all kind of forget all that goes with that.


Yeah. In baseball season, I always wonder how long it takes 'em to figure out the new individualized personal handshakes that you have with everybody on the team. That would be to, and you strike me as a guy that would want to say hi to everybody at the facility. Like every employee, try to learn their names, learn Names. How do you learn names? That's a big one. Do do you have a trick? Well, Yeah, I, I wish I had a trick like Michael Scott in the office, but pretty much just try to memorize. And when I got here I asked for like, basically like a yearbook printout of, of different staff so I could, you know, start to try to learn names. But even that, like the NFL staffs from when I was in Washington to now, it feels like they've doubled in size. And so every staff, the strength staff, the training room, the PR team, it's just so many more people and that's a good thing.


But it's also a lot more people to, to get to know. Yeah. How, how is the, the Achilles feeling and do you have any words of wisdom for your Sunday night football? Yeah. Broadcasting partner Mike Tarico. Yeah. And fellow Michigander. Yeah. Just learned, just learned that he tore his Achilles crazy. But yeah, I, I don't, I maybe Achilles were, were torn at the same rate 20 years ago, but it feels like something you hear a lot more about now than we did when I was growing up. But it's coming along. It's, it's been great. You know, I'm really grateful that, you know, I've, I've been able to play this whole season and was able to go through all the training camp and really much of OTAs and so, you know, the injury was a setback. It was a lot of unknowns.


But now looking back, I'm grateful that, you know, it was really more of a bump in the road than a true detour in, in this football journey. Yeah. I mean, it, it's also, I mean, you tore your Achilles on a NFL football field. I feel like most guys our age, we tear our achilles doing like the dumbest things possible. I'm very nervous that it's like we play pickup hoops every Friday here. Yeah. And I'm time bombed. I'm just waiting for it to happen and just Knowing, yeah. That's not a good feeling. I, I, when I'm retired I'm gonna play pickup basketball and, and a lot of tennis and I kind of worry about my other one. Yeah. I don't worry as much about my surgically repaired one 'cause it's pretty locked down, but the other one I wonder about. So we'll see.


But honestly, I love sports so much and I love playing. It's, it's worth the risk. Yeah. As you guys go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, alright, so grade this take for us because you, you know, you're having a great season. The Falcons are top of the NFC South right now. Go back though to week one. We thought, okay, Kirk coming back from an Achilles injury then having to face TJ Watt was probably not the funnest game possible. And that, like we, we, I think we said the, the Monday show that we did we're like, look, it would, it looked like it was maybe a little too fast just to start, but he'll be fine. And you could see that as the weeks went on, it's like you got your feet back to you, you got your mind back to you. Is that fair to say that it was like, holy shit, being out and having an achill new Achilles that I have to trust in the pocket against TJ Watt is not exactly how I wanted to start the season.


I think you were spot on, but probably less so about the Achilles and more just period. Just, just being out since the previous year, week eight. Yeah. It, it did feel like, all right, I gotta get some rust off. If I had a fully healthy achilles that never tore and I had been out since week eight the year before, there was still an element of, or there that was the element was I, I gotta, you know, this gotta get familiar again. Wearing a Red Jersey in practice, not playing in a preseason game, it was a big jump to the real deal. And then we played, like you said, a really good defense that has kind of proven all year to be one of the better in the league. So that was, that was something that I was like, okay, this needs to get back here quickly. And even in Philly the next week, another good defense.


Yeah. You know, we did okay, we moved the football, but it was really the last drive of the game in the two minute it started to feel like, okay, we're starting to, I'm starting to get more comfortable and, and the NFL season so much of a rollercoaster. You have weeks where you think you figured it out and then you have a week that sets you back and you wonder if you can even gain a yard. And so it kind of goes the whole gamut. But certainly do feel like, you know, I've worked my way back now and that's a good feeling to know that after all we went through last year, tearing it and rehabbing it feel like, okay, I'm back now. Is that's, that's encouraging and what you always wanted. Yeah. So talking about the rollercoaster, how do you, how do you stay even keel during a NFL season? Because from where we sit, if like the bears lose a game or pretty much any game I watch, I'm like, oh, that team stinks forever.


And then I just write 'em off. Or like a team wins. You're like, that's the best team I've ever seen in my life. We don't really emotionally stay even keel. So how the hell are you, are you able to do it week in and week out? I wish I could tell you I do it well. I know what I need to do. Now, whether or not I do it is a different story. It's hard not to ride the rollercoaster. It's hard, you know, I, I internalize the losses and you take 'em hard and sometimes, you know, like Bill Walsh, I heard he used to take the losses really, really hard, but he did not celebrate the wins in the other direction. It was sort of like a win got you back to zero and then a loss was like negative 10. Yeah. And you only kinda live and the negatives are at zero.


And I can relate to that. Like the win never really takes you to plus 10. You just always feel like, okay, we got the next game And we gotta get the next one and, but the loss is hurt and so it, it does beat you up. It is a roller coaster. But you, you do try to just, okay one game at a time, stay the course. Each game counts as its own entity. You kind of tell yourself the same messaging. And Mike Shanahan told me my, my rookie year, I think it was Kyle Shanahan used the phrase a lot too. He would say Tough times don't last tough people do. And so I would just always say that to myself, you just gotta get back up, get on the horse one more time. Choose to be a tough person and believe that if you do that you'll last and that the tough time will will pass. And you know, that's always kinda helped me through the tough losses.


Yeah. Yeah. Michael Silver was on our show a few weeks ago and he, he shared a pretty interesting story about your time in DC He said that after you got in and you started playing pretty well as a backup for RG three, but when he would be hurt, you'd fill in, you'd do a great job that in his exit interview Mike Shanahan went to Dan Snyder and said, you should make Kirk the starting quarterback at the team and you should trade Robert because you're never gonna get as high a price for Robert and Kirk's actually the guy that you want to build around moving forward. Did you get that sense at the time that, that he was like all in on you? Yeah, I don't know the details of those conversations. I, I know when I was drafted their message was, we really believe in you.


That's why we kind of picked you in an unconventional manner, but our plan would be to trade you in a few years that you, if you can play well in preseason games, you would really help us. 'cause then you can become an asset And we can trade you for a draft pick that we can get or whatever. So, but then as, as we went, they always were very affirming and encouraging believed in me. And that's really continued, you know, even long after they left Washington, I've always kind of viewed Coach Mike Shanahan as a mentor and I'll always reach out to him, you know, to get his input on things. But yeah, someday we'll have to all go back and kind of rehash those, those years in Washington. But it, it helps to always have people in your corner.


And I do think that that Mike and, and Kyle and Matt LaFleur and Sean McVay, Mike McDaniel, you know, even Raheem Morris, you know, he was, he was there too. Like they were all in my corner. And that, that really helped me believe in myself. 'cause at the time I think you even wondered like, am I good enough to play in this league? And when you have them telling you you are, it really helps. Yeah. Yeah. That, that's crazy that you got drafted and they're like, Hey, you're an asset and we're not gonna play you. And then obviously you ended up playing, but that's gotta be a weird feeling because you, you want to play football. I Think it's pro football. I think that's the way it is. I mean, I remember going to Michigan State and, and signing your scholarship and feeling like, okay, I'm the quarterback in this recruiting class. I'm gonna be the guy to kind of lead this group of freshmen coming in next year. And two weeks later, coach Antonio calls me and says, Hey, change of plans.


We're gonna take a second quarterback, his name's Nick Foles, he's gonna sign here this weekend. And you're like, oh, okay. So you realize pretty quickly like we're all just assets and people are gonna do what they need to do to kind of build up their team. And it may, it may not be in your best interest, but you've gotta always just compete and do the best you can. And in that case it worked out for me and Nick both. But yeah, it was kind of from day one of college football, like, okay, it's a competition and and you gotta earn your spot every day. And it's kind of been that way now for I guess 18 years now. Yeah. They Gave you those anger issues at Michigan State where you had to go and beat up the entire hockey team? Yeah, Yeah. Oh my goodness. People don't know these backstories like you do. So you may have to go into detail later.


But yeah, I, I wake up one morning, we played Ohio State the night before I wake up the next day I stayed with my, my family in a hotel near but near campus 'cause they, they stayed in town after the game. And I come to find out that it's being reported that I led a fight on campus at the local hockey house. And to this day, I have no idea why my name got brought up as the ringleader, but all my teammates thought it was hilarious 'cause they actually know me. Yeah. And they were gonna sell t-shirts that said I party with Kirk Cousins on the back, it would say late nights and hockey fights. But yeah. And, and so like they reported on the news and everything, but there was nothing to it. And so it died. But yeah. That's pretty good that you would even know that that was like 20 years ago. Bad The bad boy Reputation of Kirk Cousins.


Yeah. Don't fuck with Kirk Cousins. Wait, so going back to like going to Michigan State and then Nick Foles, if you were in today's college football and that happened, would you have transferred? Because I do think that there's a weird Yeah, what a great question. Yeah, great Question. Yeah, because it's a weird thing that happens now where I think guys might give up a little too quickly and look for somewhere they can start right away and they don't realize that staying with a program and and seeing it out is very beneficial in a lot of ways. So the what ifs I've asked myself or would I have transferred right away, potentially missed out on a lot. What if I had had the chance to transfer after my first year starting or my second year starting and just said, you know, Hey, I'm gonna go to the, the best opportunity and maybe Michigan State may not like, I don't know, know, I think, I think you kind of would've missed out on, on what it means to be a Michigan State Spartan, and to, and to kind of have that as your program the rest of your life.


You know, it may have been more lucrative to, to switch teams, but just seems like a, it is just a totally different world. It's one I didn't live in, and so it's hard for me to put myself there and asking yourself those questions makes you realize how different college football is now. I know it's crazy. I mean, There's a chance that you, you go somewhere else and it's the perfect situation for you. And that's all well and good, but there's also the aspect of if you stay at a program for a while, you get that whole network of people that you have to be in touch with for the rest of your life. Well, We started this I talking about how much I don't like to move, so Yeah, yeah, True. Maybe I wouldn't have wanted to leave, but No, I, I remember thinking, okay, once I signed my scholarship at that time, if I transfer, I have to sit out a year. Right.


And who knows in a year what could happen. So I remember feeling like pretty stuck. Like, okay, I've, I've gotta make this work or plan on sitting out a year. And what ended up happening was Nick just, it really wasn't that I had beat him out. The competition really hadn't even gotten started yet. But he transferred to Arizona and that's what he had to do. He had to sit out a year and he was patient and then ended up playing there and ended up getting drafted ahead of me. So, you know, it all worked out for everybody, but yeah, you're just, it was a long, long journey. Yeah. Yeah. What, what kind of car are you driving now, Kirk? I remember you used to have that sick ass minivan. It was nice. It was a good minivan. So I still have that conversion van. Not that, sorry, not that conversion van, that conversion van is totaled. But I had to a double down and I went to the, like conversion Van Explorer vans in, in Northwest Indiana.


I went to their like factory and I like went through and I picked out all the specs I want. And so I've got like the full like moonroof. Oh hell yes. T Like the bucket seats that can swivel like Yeah, perfect. For like road tripping with your family to Big 10 college football games. So I still have that style of conversion van, but it's not my daily driver like it used to be when I was in dc. So the daily driver's Mercedes-Benz, I got a great partnership here with them in Atlanta, which is a sweet deal when you, when you move here and you realize that playing quarterback for the Falcons, you get to drive a Mercedes. That was, that was awesome. It's a pretty good deal. Yeah. Yeah. That's a pretty deal. They, they got the sprinters, but the, if you ever are looking to seriously upgrade, get one of those sprinters with like, you know, the, the four rows in it, trick that thing out.


I Feel like that's almost like above my brand. Like I'm more of a true conversion van guy than mean you go to like sprinter van style, that's like another altitude. Yeah, yeah. Even you, you're driving around a sprinter van, you're just expecting like a drunk bachelor party to try to get in at any point. Like if you stop too long at a red light, the I want a conversion van So bad. I'm, I'm jealous. They're awesome. I know. Underrated so bad. I I, I, I tell my wife that, I'm like, I'm gonna, we're gonna get a conversion van or an rv, like later on in life and just drive around in America. And she's like, well, not with me. So I think that'll be the end of our marriage. But My wife, my my wife did not like the concept and she, she's usually right about everything, but on this one she'll admit, she's like, you know what, yes, this conversion van is pretty sweet.


You sit high, it's comfortable. The boys always have entertainment. There's plenty of room we can pack a lot. We drove it when I, when I signed with the Falcons, like the day I was, it was out that I was going to sign with Atlanta. We were in the van and road tripping to Atlanta for Michigan. So like we even did the conversion van road trip to, to come be a Falcon. That's Awesome. I love that. I love that. So the, we haven't talked to you since you were on quarterback on Netflix. What is, has it changed at all? I mean, I, I, I think we, we all watched it and we're like, Kirk Cousins just like a really awesome dude. Like that was kind of our takeaway. Like there, you know, it, whenever you think about him And we were watching him, it's like, yeah, he's, you know, he's getting his sweat sweaters from, you know, Kohl's or Target and like, he's just an awesome dude.


So has anything changed at like your, the perception that you feel or even your wife getting recognized? Like has anything changed from that? Yeah, you said it. My wife was kinda the star of the show besides Patrick Mahomes and she definitely gets recognized a lot more, which is fun. And I think people getting to know me is what's really fun about it because you don't get a chance to, to for your fans to get to know you just playing for the team. They, they know you as a football player, but they don't know you as a person. And I felt like that show in one way or another just kind of helped people who have followed me or followed of the teams I've played on to get to know me a little better, which was a huge win.


And then also just for posterity's sake, like my boys are pretty young, so in 10 years to be able to pull up that show and say, Hey boys, you want to kind of go down memory lane and kind of see some of what dad did in the 2022 football season, I think that'll be valuable content to have. So that's kind of fun too. Is and a win coming out of it. Yeah. Your Whole movies are on Netflix. Yeah. That's pretty, that's pretty cool. Exactly. Well Said. That's really cool. It's in the cloud. I like that. Yeah, I, I read that you're a big musical guy and have you had a chance to see Wicked yet? So you are on it. And I just appreciate the research you've done because you're, you're hitting all the, all the main points. Saw Wicked last Thursday, we were on our bye week, got to go, brought the boys.


I had a hard time 'cause I was singing along to all the songs in the movie theater. I don't think the people around me liked that. But I was waiting for my wife to like, nudge me and she never really did. So I just kept singing. But I, I was in like a high school swing choir at my high school And we sang the Wicked Song. So like, I learned them without having seen the musical. Then I saw the musical in college and so when the movie came out, I had to go. Yeah, it's, it's awesome, but it's just part one. I didn't know that. I thought it was the whole story, but it's just part one. And then the, the conclusion comes out next year at this time. So big musical guy. My mom put us in musicals growing up. We went to a bunch of musicals growing up. Just love it. That's, I You should be in the second one.


Yeah, like, as an extra Cameo. So my, so I was trying to get in Happy Gilmore too, but they were taping in in, in New Jersey during the season, so I couldn't get there. So it's not a bad idea to try to get into musical, but my dream is, or not my dream, but like a retirement goal is to be like a background person in like a local musical in my hometown and have like, you know, the people come to the show and be like, is that, that cousins in the back there doing box Stuff? I'm like, yeah, that's, that's me. So on my many list of things to do in retirement, it'll be, have a small role in a local musical hall. I love That. Yeah. That's great. Yeah. You should get one in in Wicked too though. Like, I feel like there's somebody there. I Feel like your guys are platform is a great springboard to make this happen.


Yeah, we can get This done. You want to get like the average dude, football fan to go see Wicked too. Put Kirk Cousins in the back of it. Yeah. We all show up. Yeah. So, so how are you liking Atlanta? Things been going pretty good. Yeah. What's, what's the, the one thing that's different about the offense that you're running right now that was like the hardest to adjust to compared to Minnesota? That's a good question. Good question. I think Zach Robinson is our play caller, you know, is just a different person. I've had nine play callers in 13 years. And, and so that change has always been difficult, but what I've been fortunate to have is nine good play callers. So aside from the change, I've kinda always been around a guy who knows what he is talking about, knows what he is doing. It's just more about us kind of getting on the same page and meshing our backgrounds.


And so that's partly what's happened with me and Zach is just kind of meshing our backgrounds. And that happens a little bit with the whole team. You know, like saying to Drake, London and Darnell Mooney, Hey, here's what I've done in the past. What have you guys done in the past? What are your favorite routes? Here's my favorite routes, here's what I did with Justin Jefferson. Do you think you can, you know, get comfortable doing that? And just trying to get on the same page there. And even with the old line coach, you know, Hey, do you like this run? Do you like that run? If, if I get this blitz on this run, do you want me to check to a different runner? Do you want me to leave it on? Like, and sometimes you, like the oline coach in Minnesota would say, Hey, check that run. Go to a different one. I then got here in OTAs, I started to check the run and the Oline coach is saying, why are you checking it? I like to run this, run into that look.


So you realize there's different philosophies and you've kind of gotta rewire your brain to learn what these coaches want to do. But it all works, you know, as, as long as everybody's on the same page And we know what they want, it, it, it, there's no one way to do it. Yeah. Should we talk about walking your trap? Take over your trap? Absolutely, we should. How, how do you think that's going right now? The, 'cause it was very funny, the press conference, I don't know if everyone was into it on the, in, in the, in the tunnel, but maybe, no, maybe I read it wrong. No, no, you, you actually are very perceptive. So I made the mistake. I I did not, I didn't prep anybody. Yeah. So I just, I just sprung it on him.


So like, the front row, like, I'll never forget Zach Harrison, one of our D linemen was like all about it, look him in the eye. Totally like my hype man. And then I realized like the guy like five rows back can't even hear what I'm saying. So there was buy-in, but like there wasn't good communication on my part to get the whole team on board. Yeah. But like the three guys that could hear me, we really had it going, you know, So, no, it's good. I remember when I was playing for the Vikings, we always used to bring this boombox out in the tunnel. I think a lot of teams do that, but they would play that, that rap sometimes walk in your trap, take over your trap. If we went to an away game. And so at a press conference they asked me about the importance of winning on the road and that just came to mind like, yeah, I mean, you're supposed to walk into someone's trap and take over and, and one thing led to the next, now we've actually lost our last two away games.


So we've got, we've got some work to do on that front, but it's still a rallying cry. I, it doesn't change win or lose, it's still something you gotta do in this league. Yeah. We just, you just gotta let everyone know that that's what you're gonna be doing in the tunnel so we can get it. Yeah. Gotta I gotta like brief them beforehand bringing it out. Yeah. But you can also use that for home games like dirt, trying to walk into our trap. We Gotta, yeah. We can't let EMT defend, Defend. This is my, this is my trap. Yeah. Defend our trap. Exactly. No, you're exactly right. And yeah, as, as a guy with a musical background, I probably just assumed everybody's just gonna jump into my chant and buy right in. But, you know, some guys didn't grow up to a musical, so you gotta Yeah. Work, work to be done. Yeah. How awesome is it to just hand the bolt to Bijan Robinson? Oh, I was gonna ask that question and just watch I and just watch What he does.


Yeah. I've the mark, the mark of a great running back among other traits is can they make the first guy miss? And as I had a high school friend comment recently, they said he makes the first guy miss every time. Yeah. So it's, it's fun. I mean, and the thing is, I don't care if it's a pitch, if it's a handoff, if it's a pass, like let's just get the ball in his hands as you say, it's about Dalvin cook, let's just get the ball in his hands and good things happen, especially if we can get the ball in space. So he's having a great year playing at a really high level. And it's, it's just more about as defenses are keying on him, how can we, how can we be creative and how can we get the ball in his hand in space so he can go do his thing. Yeah.


Yeah. He's So, so fun to watch. He's So fun. I, yeah, people get mad at me because like every Monday when we do the recap, like I'd say three minutes of the Falcon's recap is just like, I love watching PE John, like everything he does, it just creates some Of the moves. He's got great hands. Yeah, he's got great hands. He's, he could, he could legitimately play wide receiver here in the NFL because he can run routes. He has late hands, he tracks the ball well. But we found the best way to use him, I think is similar to how the Saints have used tomorrow, which is he's gonna show up in the past game, but we don't need to make him a wide receiver. He's gonna have receiving production just as a running back. And, and so, you know, I I just think he's a big asset and you know, and I, I, I kind of wonder what his ceiling is, you know, if we can continue to get him more and more productive to where he can really do some special things.


He's got that Great dead leg where he puts the leg in the ground Yeah. And then takes it away and the guy just sprints past me. Like how did, how did that even happen? Yeah. Does not compute. Yeah. Oh, you got another question? I Was just gonna say, it's, it's, it's Kirk Cousin's revenge season coming up right now. You've got, got two revenge games, I think both away games, right? So you're going at Minnesota. You're going at Washington. Yeah. Which is the biggest revenge game for you? Well, I would say that while I'd love to win them, you know, and I said this when I went to Washington 22, like there's just so much gratitude for what they did for me. Like, first of all, they drafted me Washington. Second of all, they franchise tagged me twice. Like they, they changed my whole life.


And then Minnesota, you know, much the same way, even more so the way they brought me in for agency, you know, gave me a great contract, gave me great opportunity, gave me great coaches, great players around me for six years. And even on when I left, like the way that Quai handled it, Kevin handled it ownership Rob Brazinski. Like, they just handled it so well. My agent would get off every call with 'em and just say, Kirk, the Vikings are just handling it really well. They're being honest, they're being candid, they're being open. Like, it's just been a great process. And so, you know, it's, it, yes I wanna win, but there's just so many people in that building that I care about.


And so revenge probably wouldn't be the word as much as just like, you know, wanting to go walking their, their trap I guess and play well and do your thing. But, but, but man, I, it's hard for me not to root for everybody there too, you know? Yeah, Yeah. I mean, that's the perfect Kirk Cousin's answer. It's like, it's, it's not a, it's not a revenge game. Yeah. You're too dice of a guy. You're like, when a, like somebody sees like a dog that they haven't seen in years and the dog like freaks out and is super happy to see him. That's not, that's not revenge. That's like you, you just being Kirk Cousins. But I would, if you had revenge and like hate in your heart for those games, I would actually bet against you because I'd be like, that's not, I want Kirk to be Kirk not to like have this giant chip on his shoulder on a fuck everybody tour.


Yeah. That would be concerning to me. Yeah. There You go. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes, sometimes that Kirk still exists though. Adam Thilan used to say like, you know, we need that dark Kirk. He would say like, we need that, that that Kirk who's like, you know, the, you like that Kirk. So that guy's, that guy's still in there. I don't think you play as long as I've played unless that guy, you know, gets out every now and then and has some walking around money. Yeah. When, when was the last time dark Kirk came out? I, I think it's a great question. It's happened this year. Great question. It's happened multiple times this year. Box game. Yeah. I feel like that was, Yeah, you'd probably have to ask my teammates a little bit. I've kind of gotten fiery in the, in the, in the, in the locker room, pregame a little bit.


So he's shown up and, and usually people respond well to it, you know, so, but you can't force it. Yeah. You, you're gonna let it happen. Yeah. How, how can we tell as viewers at home when we might be witnessing dark Kirk, If you see me, if you see the veins in the neck, if you see me pointing my finger Yeah. If you see me pointing my finger in someone's chest. Oh, if you see, you know, the scowl. If you see me pacing dark, Kirk is starting to rise to the surface. Okay. I Love it. I love it. I'm gonna keep an eye out. Yeah. Sometimes the referee gets it. A lot of times the referee's the target. Yeah. So that's another thing to look for.


Alright, so Kirk, this has been so much fun. We, we love having you on. I have one last question. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code take, I want to go back to one thing you said playing hoops when you retire.


So we have a full gym in our office in Chicago. Got it. Yeah. Yeah. So open invite. When you do retire, what should we expect from your game if you come and, and, and I, I would assume you just probably dominate us. I'm the high school version of Sean Livingston. Okay. Okay. So I am a, I I'm a tall high school point guard who's not overly twitchy. Usually the high school point guard's the quickest guy in the court. I'm way taller than the guy I'm guarding. But I have a great, great floor vision. Okay. Like my ability to pass, I see it, I see I'm pass ahead and then I'm great with the one handed pass. I'm great like inbounds plays.


I'm the guy passing it from the sideline or from the baseline. And if I'm on the far baseline, go deep and I'm launching it all the way down the court. Don't really look for my own shot, but I'll probably give you a six points a game and I'm gonna communicate well on defense. You sound like a dream. Yeah. Dream to play on pickup hoops. This is like the, like if you had to say the perfect teammate on pickups who hoops it's correct. So That's why I saw Teammate guy, your passes as well and like, and communicate calls out the picks. Coach, coach, this is the conversation every day in the weight room, you know, oh, who is our starting five on the Falcons, who's our starting five on the Vikings for years? You hear this And I'm like, guys, not everybody can go drop 30 points, right?


So like, you want me on your starting five because I'm gonna distribute, I'm gonna bring the ball up the floor, I'm gonna communicate on d I'm gonna be your backside help. Like, you need that guy. So, you know, I, I kind of am like the Draymond for the Warriors. Like I don't have to, you know, get the, get all the, the, the accolades. I'll just fill in where I can and still be pretty productive. But I said that to Drake London, who's a great basketball player. I said like, what's my NBA comp? And I kind of told him, you know, my game. And he goes, Sean Livingston. Perfect. So I'm, I'm, I'm rolling with that. And then before I sign off guys, I'm a big John Gruden guy. Yes. I go see him every year in Tampa. We watch tape together. He kind of challenges me. He gases me up, tells me what I'm doing well, tells me what I'm not doing well.


All the stuff he's done talking ball with you guys lately. I've just lived that for years with him. It's so good. Yeah. So I just think it's awesome that he's on board with you guys and I think he'll provide great content. But He's the best. He's, he's, he's the best. He's the absolute best. I don't know if you heard the story, but we watched the Eagles commanders game with him livestream. So we watched the whole game and then he gets on the plane the next day with Dave to go back to Florida. And he was like, how did this end up on the internet? And Dave was like, what do you mean? And he is like, how'd this end up on the internet? He didn't realize that we were live streaming the entire game. And he's so authentic, like nothing like he was just him on the live stream. He just had no idea the cameras were on the entire time.


He's so good. It's a perfect fit. He's gonna provide great content. I learned so much from him all the time. And there's really no off switch. No. Like he, he is one of one, when I was a rookie, I didn't really know him at all except for doing the Gruden QB camp coming out. And Kyle Shanahan was his quality control guy, you know, way back in the day. And Kyle said, it's like watching a movie. Yeah. Like there's no off, there's like, but he's not acting like there is no off switch. And it's amazing. So I always go down there at every off season. 'cause I just feel like, man, two days with him, I'm gonna come back excited about football, excited to put in the work, excited to lead, challenged as to how I gotta get better, but also, you know, pumped up. And if he, if he does that at all, half of what he is done for me, for the bar stool staff, he's gonna be a huge asset.


Yeah. He's been awesome. He is. He's the best. When, when You get like a, a tunnel screen called for you throw during a game, are you like, man, coach Gruin would hate this. He hates me. Oh Yeah. Hates screens. Oh, there's all, all kinds of times where I'm like, like little things that I know I have to do at a high, high level because Coach Gruden's watching, and if I don't do it right, he's gonna pull up this tape in March and show me like he, he, one year, one year I led the league in completion percentage. I was like, I think it was like 69.7 let's say. And the first thing we do, I sit down with him in Tampa after the season, it might have been my first year starting. And he opens up like a black screen PowerPoint with white numbers and it just says 30.2.


He goes, you know what that is? And I said, no, what is that? He said, that's the number, that's the percentage of Incompletions you had. He goes, Kirk, he goes, there's, he said something like, there's never been a 75% completion percentage guy in the NFL. He goes, you're the guy to do it. Like, and I'm gonna show you all this, all the silly in completions you had that, you have no excuse for that. You could have completed 80% of your passes if you had just completed these easy ones. And we go through this whole clip just to make me feel bad of all the passes I missed to Jordan Reed and to Pierre Garone and Deshaun Jackson. And so it was stuff like that where you're like, heck yeah. Like, I'm gonna go back and try to complete 80% of my passes. Yeah. Like, I gotta be better. And there's no excuse for missing an open guy. And so he just challenged you and he's, he's a coach at heart and I just love seeing him get back in it and have an impact.


Yeah. He's The best. He's the best. Well, thank you so much, Kirk. This has been awesome, man. We, we love having you on. Yeah. And if you're ever in town, we gotta, I, I don't know if you're allowed to play pickup hoops while you're still playing the NFL, but maybe you could come and coach us. That would work. I would love it. Yeah, I would love it. Look someday Sean Livingston, the high school version of Sean Livingston coming to its town near you. All right, Love it. It's such a perfect comp. I love it. Thanks Kirk. Okay boys, good long show for the people at home Thanksgiving week, let's send it off with some numbers. Maybe we'll get it this time. Memes 17 three. I'm trying to help you. Memes. I'm gonna go 92. I'll give you 99. Oh go. 94.


Oh max 11. 1127. Oh, I thought that was the number 27. I knew it wasn't, but I thought it was. Love you guys.