
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music on today's, Pardon My Take. The Oklahoma City Thunder are NBA Champs. We recap game seven Tyrese S torn Achilles, which sucked really, really big. Bummer for the Pacers, but a deserving champ in the Thunder. We throw some flowers on them. We also have big dumper in studio, future MVP, Cal Raleigh, who hit four home runs since we recorded this on Thursday. So we'll update his on pace. Before we get to his interview, we're gonna talk.


Kevin Durant getting traded. Henry is back. Yeah, he's back. We're gonna end the show with Hank giving us some gifts from Pebble Beach because we gifted him a trip to Pebble Beach. A whirlwind vacation, A whirlwind vacation. Great to have him back.


We also have who's back of the week. We're gonna recap everything, and it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. Nothing says Summer, like long days, clutch plays and firing off a few bets on the game, all with DraftKings Sportsbook as the season heats up. So do the bats and DraftKings. Sportsbook has you covered With live betting, home run props, odds boosts and more. Whether you're chasing dingers or jumping in mid game, there's always action to be had. Never bet on baseball before. It's easy. Pick a guy to go yard, hammer some live odds, mid game, or just ride with your squad and hope for the best. No spreadsheets, just vibes and dingers. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino, and Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. New customers only Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio. The crown is yours. Okay, let's go of my take presented by DraftKings. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, June 23rd, and the Oklahoma City thunder are world champions. Congrats to the thunder. Congrats to Thunder. Thunder. Our guy, Alex Caruso. Thunder Princess. Thunder Princess. Game seven. Let's, all right, so game seven was a little bit of a bummer because Tyres Halliburton's, Achilles. Let's, let's save the, talk about the pacers in that, and we'll throw some flowers on the thunder. Much deserving flowers, even though it was a bummer when Tyrese Halliburton towards Achilles. Yeah, I mean, shout out also to Isaiah Hartenstein son. Yeah, I don't know if he's woken up yet, but that was adorable. Just passed out during the, the trophy presentation. Listen, when you He says Sleep, you sleep, he says, wake me up for the second one.


Yeah, when you sleep, you sleep. Which, I mean, should we start, we, we were credit to us, This is the worst Oklahoma City thunder team that will win a championship during this dynasty round. They had To go to seven against the nuggets. They had to go to seven against the Pacers. I don't expect that to happen ever again for them. We could also do the thing where we say, just right off the bat, you know, I, I think whoever won that thunder nugget series, that was gonna be the champion no matter what. That was gonna be the champion no matter what. Yeah. But yeah, the thunder incredible season. Second most wins all time for a title team. The 95 96 Bulls had 87 wins. The Oklahoma Cindy Thunder this year had 84 wins. The 96, 97 bulls also had 84 wins.


Pretty crazy. 68 regular season wins obviously need the 16 playoff wins to complete it. Pretty, pretty awesome season. They had the MVP SGA goes down with an all time season, all star scoring title, unanimous first team, all N-B-A-M-V-P most wins Western Conference finals. MVP, title finals, MVP. That's just about the perfect season. It really is. Right? If you Were to draw it up, The Whole thing at the, at the start of the year, if you were to say, what, what would I possibly want outta the season? I think he checked off every single box. Yeah. If he did, if he did his little, you know, dream board, he had a, he had a, he had a Etsy dream board, and he was like, man, I, I wanna wish on these things.


Maybe he put a little, little something under his pillow saying, hopefully this year I'm gonna become this. You know what, like the first day of school, like first grade, like when I, when I, when I graduate first grade, I wanna be able to read. Yeah. When I graduate this season, by the way, did you see, I think Lou Dort said it. He is like, game seven is like the last day of school. Like, you just got energy, you gotta leave it all out there. It's like, I don't, that's not what school was like. School The last day was just hectic. Yeah. Was nonsense. I'm not doing shit. You can't tell Me shit. The last day of school, it was like, it was like jail. Yeah. It was like, yeah. Trying to escape from prison. Yeah. No, that's the, the maybe one of the greatest seasons. Definitely one of the greatest seasons of all time that he had. If you were SGA, which one of those accomplishments would you be most likely to get tattooed on your body?


Mm. Wait, did he win? He didn't win All Star MVP. That's the one. That's the one that alluded him. That Would've been it Not the perfect season. That would've been it. This will al there will always be an asterisk on the season for SGA. Yeah. He didn't win the all star MVP, but incredible season wire to wire the Thunder were the best team wire to wire for the entire season. And it felt like, you know, it wa it wasn't in a pretty game game. Sevens usually aren't, but they had their future basically all show up for a game seven in Chet JW and SGA. Chet was great. Yeah, Chet was great. What did he have five blocks tonight? Yeah, he Was all over The place. The defense that got them there showed up big time in game seven.


Insane defensive teaming, Anaconda chokehold defense. They, they were first in net rating, first in defensive rating, third and offensive rating. And they're the second youngest championship team in NBA history. So the future is very bright and that's a hell of a hell of a team. Also, they have a million picks. So we should say Sam Presti. I actually am very happy for Sam Presty. I'm most happy for Alex Gru, our friend, but I'm very happy for Sam Presti. Sam Presti Hass been with the Thunder organization since they were the sonics. He was hired in 2007 where, or yeah, I think it was 2007, went on obviously an insane draft run with kd, with Russ, with Hardin, with Ibaka.


That team was the second youngest finals team ever in 2012. Ownership cheaps out. They have to trade Harden that falls apart, reconfigures them with Russell Westbrook and Pa and Paul George. That doesn't work. Paul George traded for SGA. This guy is one of the best GMs in any sport. And it's cool that he finally, like 18 years, I think it's, he's been there and he just won with the second youngest team his way and a pocket full of picks going forward. And he is doing it in a small market team where it feels like the NBA out of all the sports was like, the gap between the big markets and small markets had become profound.


So pretty cool for him. Yeah. Very cool for him. Also, great trade. Picking up Alex Caruso. Well, that was, yeah, that was, So he, that was a difference maker. He went on, you know, obviously he had the, the run of draft picks where he hit on, you know, the, the hardened Durant, Russ and Ibaka, and then he did it again when he got Chet and JW and Giddy who became Caruso. You know, I mean that like the way he's been able to ship shape ship Sh Shapeshift. Shapeshift, Thank you. Ship Reptil shape. Shapeshift the Thunder organization like time and time again. And we were talking about it, they didn't tank. They, they had two bad years. They didn't tank, They Rebuilt.


They, they didn't do A process. They didn't rebuild. They reloaded. Yeah. So he's an all time executive, all time GM building this team and yeah, they're gonna be good for a really long Time. Yeah. So a really long time go going guy for guy. This is the best team in the NBA this year, right? We can say that definitively. Yeah. I would say that's definitively the case, right? Yeah. I think you can't make an argument against that. No, you can't at all. You right. PFT and they, they did have to battle back tonight. They were down at halftime. People forget that They were down by a point people For are forgetting left and right that the Pacers were up at halftime tonight. TJ McConnell was like their entire offense in the third quarter for the Pacers. No. Like literally though. Yeah. Their entire offense. Yeah. There was That stretch where they're like, they haven't in the last six minutes of Gametime, tj McConnell's the only one who scored.


And That means also the good and the bad because he also, I think he had seven turnovers tonight. Yeah. And, but everybody on the Pacers had at least one turnover except for the guys that got in for the very last minute of the game. Yes, it was, it was just a clinic, a defensive clinic by the Oklahoma City Thunder. The second half, they just got ahead and just choked him out. Choked Him out. Choke hold. Yep. Anaconda choke Hold. That's what it was. Do you want to hear a crazy stat? This is maybe a, wow, I don't know if this is a, wow. I have two wows for you. Actually. The first one is, wow. Ooh, nice. Hank Adam Silver has just crowned his ninth different champion in his 12 Postseasons, his NBA commissioner in David Stern's 30 Postseasons.


How many champions did he crown? 1210. What? Whoa. Yeah, That's a, Whoa. So this is the seventh different champion in seven years, which is crazy. Parody is, is very much here for the NBA, but isn't that nuts? 30 years for David Stern, he crowned eight cha eight unique champions, 12 years for d Adam Silver. He, this is his ninth different champion that does Make you think, Which is the Warriors and then all new ones. It's the Warriors calves. And then, yeah. I mean the last seven years have been Raptors, Lakers, bucks, warriors Nuggets, Celtics Thunder. It does make you think what a, what a great job David Stern did of building up the Dynasty franchises, right? Yeah.


Yeah. He did. He really Did it. But, but I, I like this. I I like new fun, entertaining styles of basketball. Getting to meet up in the postseason teams that you don't normally see. Like the Pacers. Yeah. They didn't get it done in Game seven, but they play such a fun style of basketball and it was a joy to have them in the pa in the postseason as long as we did. Yeah. I really enjoyed watching Pacer's basketball. Yeah. Alright, so you looked it up Zach. So yeah, so the Spurs were the first title. He crowned seven unique ones in the last seven years. And then you throw in the Cavs. Right. That would be nine Spurs calves. I count all LeBrons as double time as the same. It's pretty nuts. Yeah. Seven in seven years.


Do you wanna hear the really crazy woe that I saw on Friday that I was hoping would come true for the Pacers? If Rick Carla had won this game, he would've been the oldest NBA coach to win an NBA title. That is crazy. He also was the oldest coach to coach an NBA finals game. How old is he? 65 years old. He does not look 65 Older than pop. Everyone was throwing out. I saw the replies. It was like Pop Larry Brown. Larry Brown was 64, pop was, you know, whatever. 12 years ago. So he was 64. Rick Carl is not, not 65. No. And it also goes to show you that if you look at Eddie coach from like the nineties or the eighties, or God forbid the seventies, if you're a 45-year-old head coach, you look like you're 70.


Yeah. Back then, like Jim Leland, the the baseball manager looked like he was 90 years old when he was 40. Yeah. Yeah. That's the oldest coach in NBA history. Not the oldest coach to coach a finals game sack. So that would be the finals game part. Yeah. Pretty crazy. But yeah, the thunder, I I Awesome. Awesome season. And they're not going anywhere. They have so many picks. Yeah. Impossible amount of picks. I mean, the fact that they were a lottery ball away from being the third pick this year, or No, they wouldn't have gotten the third. They would've would've, what was it? If they had kept a six or sixth pick would've been, would've been where they keep it. Max. Is that right? Seventh We had top six protected. That's right. That's right. But I mean, it's insane how many picks they have.


And they have a super young team. And like I said, the, the JW Chet SGA threesome looks like it's gonna be here for a long Time. And so JW was great in these finals two. He Was, yeah. Speaking of the Sixers, next year, I threw this out there to Max is next year the Sixers year. I feel like this is their year now. The East being wide open as it is. Yeah. So for the Pacers, that's, I think that's gotta be one of the all time gut punch. Like end of seasons. Considering the fact it was a magical ride. They've never won a title as a franchise. Tyrese Halliburton gets hurt there and he's gonna be out for a year.


I don't like, I don't really know. I don't, sucks. And also thinking about even how this series went, they were a quarter away from being up three. One, I feel so bad for Pacers fans. Magical, magical run. And that's just as bad as bad Gets, it sucks. The moral of the story, if you have, if you have any sort of a calf injury, just don't play basketball. Well That's, that's, I mean, Tyree, Halliburton, it's the same thing that happened to Kevin Durant in the finals when he came back and snapped his Achilles. The, if he doesn't play, he's gonna be, you know, dubbed his soft and didn't want it for his guys. And then if he does play, this is exactly what could happen with a strained calf. And it sucks. He's put in an impossible situation.


And I feel really, really bad for him after an incredible run where he just, how many, I mean, how many clutch shots did he hit? Like you have to play A million, you have to play if you're, if you're Halliburton, you have to play. But I it should, it should now make players think. Yeah. That we've seen this a couple times where the Achilles injury wasn't something that happened as frequently as it does now. There's Gonna be a big conversation about the length of the NBA season. And are these guys too big, strong fast? Because we had How many? We had Dame Tatum, Halliburton All wear the number zero. Yeah. All wear the number zero. All tore their Achilles in these playoffs season maybe goes too long. That's definitely gonna come. I, that's coming. I'm gonna take it back even further.


I'm gonna say all the way back to youth basketball and a a u Have these guys played too much basketball? Yeah. Maybe too much basketball. And shout out Paul George for getting the thunder. All of these everything. Yeah. They, he gave him everything. It, It was still a, it Actually should be a Paul George ring. It wa he should get a ring. It was a great postseason for the Pacers. It sucks that this is like the biggest damper that you could ever put on it because you also now kind of have to punt on next year. It's brutal. It's absolutely brutal. I, I feel awful for Pacers fans. I I even said it while we were watching it, like, it, it was, I think it was when it was pretty much a tie game. I was like, would you, if you're a Pacers fan, would you have, would you right now, if you could go back in time, lose game six so you have a chance to, to have Halliburton for next year and build on a finals run.


That was incredible. It just sucks, I think in the, in The No, I know, but it, but it's In the moment. It's no Sliding doors of like, if they lose game six, Halliburton does not. He's there for next year. He gets his calf rested. He's, he's back and ready to go. And it just sucks that you, it's it's, it's like a double loss. It's not just a loss, it's, it lose you. You were half away from an NBA title. What? Hank I'm saying that Yeah. You go from, do you think you're gonna win the title to Yeah. But they were in the finals. Yeah, yeah, yeah. When this Happened. You know how they feel though, is what you're saying. You Know exactly how they feel. I Was talking about how yes, I was relating to Indiana Pacers fans. Yeah. Not with anything personal, but Just in general.


Yeah. Also, I, yeah, I don't really know what's positive. I mean, Pascal's awesome. He was incredible. Like, I know this, this game wasn't his best game, but like the entire playoff run, he's an absolute, and, and people were ready how much merch would've been sold with the nickname, the thunder taker with his eyes, the picture of him before game six. So yeah. About that. I don't know who he was talking to, which spirit he was, he was summoning. There's a chance that he was like, I I will do anything to win this game six. And then the, the finger on the Monkey p curled and it was like, okay, you got it, but you have to pay with your Achilles debt. Mm Mm It's brutal.


Yep. I don't think that there's no chance that a Pacers fan in the moment would've said, yeah, I wish that we'd lost game six. Now they do. Yeah. Now. Well, I was more saying knowing that like, it's gonna be a tall task to win this game without Tyres Halliburton. Because it, look, the thunder are deserving champions. You can't put an asterisk on him. If you're a Pacers fan, you are will forever say what if, especially how Tyrese Halliburton was playing in that first quarter. He finished the game. The leader in three pointers, mate. Yeah. And he played for what, seven minutes. So he, he, you could tell he was kind of feeling it. And this, you know, we know that he is in, in the, when the lights get really bright, Tyrese, Halliburton comes through.


He had that kind of feeling to him in this game, how it started. So you'll forever say what if, what happens if he, if he doesn't tear his achilles, do we win this game? I think maybe this I it's a fair what if if you're a Pacers fan? Yeah. I think this off season. You, you might just build around TJ McConnell. Ah, damn free agents are gonna be beaten down the door to play with tj. They Didn't need to show TJ McConnell crying after the game. Okay. I didn't Need to see that. They didn't need to show that. But they had to. Yeah, but I Didn't wanna see it. And we also, we didn't need to see Tyrese Halliburton's ankle snapping like two dozen times. I think they're gonna play that. It's gonna be, there's gonna be a brand new ESPN Channel. ESPN. Ouch. And it's just gonna be Halliburton's ankle. Just like disintegrating. Do You know what? Do you know why? I think they, they, they kept on showing at PFDI think because we now have seen enough of these Achilles injuries in high level moments in the NBA that we all sitting and watching can point to it and be like, yep, that's an Achilles.


And feel like doctors Diagnose me. That The, that that the broadcast is like, we're gonna show this 17 times. Yeah. Because we know definitively, you know, usually a guy gets injured, you're like, we don't know. We have no idea. We don't know what it's gonna be. This one you can see the pop and everyone feels so smart being like, I know that. Listen, I, I went to medical school, I fucking know that. Yeah. It's an Achilles. That they give me a great, I they should actually do ESP and Ouch. Yeah. And, and it's just injuries nonstop. I'd Watch it. Just Brutal injuries. I'd watch it. No commercials serving sports fans anytime, anywhere. I'm a Sicko for that. The Achilles though does make me squirm a Little. Yeah. I I'm not gonna lie, I would rather a leg break or even like a, a knee bend versus an Achilles.


I don't know. Something about an Achilles when you see the pop, it's Ugh. Zach has just been playing it this whole time too. Yeah. No, he's just, he's The pop is bad. We're Clockwork Orange right now. We got our eyes open watching this over and over. Any other thoughts on the end of the NBA season? It was kind of a perfect NBA day where Kevin Durant getting traded again. Like kind of took all the headlines when you had a Game seven for the first time in almost a decade in the NBA. Yeah. I mean, like that, that sums up the NBA. My Big takeaway right now from the NBA season being over is it's football season. It Is, it does feel like whenever that happens, like, alright. And it's Mount Rushmore season. Mount Rushmore Wednesday Rush. We're back Baby Wednesday Mount Rushmore. It's Coming. But yeah, that was crazy how Kevin Duran found out that he was traded on stage at the Fanatics Fest.


Hmm hmm. Interesting. So he is going the Rockets. Hmm. Good fit. Lot of Hmm. Set the Fanatics Fest very big. Hmm, hmm. Tom Brady winning a million bucks. Hmm. Trophies getting broken. Hmm. Great fit. Rockets are gonna be very good. Yeah. Great fit. They needed, they needed a go-to score. Kevin Durant is still a go-to scorer. You also like, I don't really, it's not like the Sun's got a huge Hal. I think the Sun's actually like reading this trade. They got Dylan Brooks, Jalen Green and five second round picks. And this year's first, which was their first, They got it back. They Got it back I think ish. Bia was like, Hey, I need, I need people who just read Twitter and, and have like the attention span of a goldfish who just keeps scrolling.


I need them to think that I did well in this trade. Make it five second round picks. Because I don't know if you guys had the same feeling, but when I scrolled by it, I was like, damn, five picks. When I saw it, I was like, and then I read it again. I was like, oh, second round picks. I was like, that's a lot of assets. Yeah. Right. If you just call 'em assets, you don't, you don't describe where they are, who they're from, then you can just spend them. It's valuable. It's something of value. It's Not a terrible strategy. But I met, if I were an owner, I'd be like, Hey, give, you know, I'll, I'll trade you my superstar. How about you give me 27 second round picks. Yeah. Just so, just so I could see the Shams tweet and be like, look at that guys. I trade my Silverado for, for 20 broken down cars that don't work. Yeah, no. I I the the sons are are trying to build the whole plane out of shooting guards.


Yeah. So they have, I think they've got their entire salary cap space devoted to four guards. Yeah. It's, it's basically all wings. Yeah. It's all wings. Their, their whole team is Wings. Like $180 million to wings. I think they'll probably trade. Well they, the problem is they can't trade Bradley Beal, which is the one they want to trade. No. Bradley Beal, his full name is now Bradley Beal's No. Trade Clause. Yeah. Yes. Because he's never getting traded. I don't, I assume the sons are gonna do something otherwise it would be funny if they're like, Hey, what if we just wings are very important in the NBA today. Let's, let's just bring out a bunch of these guys. Yeah. I have no idea what they're doing. Don't can bring The ball up. And it was like a year and a half ago that Matt HB said, like, we're not far away. We're very close.


Yeah. This stuff isn't hard. Since Kevin Durant left Golden State, he's been traded three times. One was assigned in trade and he has two playoff series wins. What does this mean for Kevin Durant's legacy? Are you saying if he goes to the Rockets and wins? No, I'm just saying Jet, what does the trade mean? I, I just like to end when Kevin Durant is in the news, I like to end every sense. Like, Hey, what do you want for breakfast? And what does this mean for Kevin Durant's legacy? I think this means that Kevin Durant is perpetually unhappy Mm. And is made more unhappy in his quest to find happiness. Okay. That feels good. Hank what does this mean for Kevin Durant's legacy?


He's gotta win now or else he's just gonna go down his all time. I mean, he'll go down his all time guy no matter what. But I gotta problem with this meme, by the way. He's gotta Win. Zach Just pulled it up. Kevin Durant has officially completed the NBA Rainbow Challenge. I don't count this because as you can see, he's got a Blue Suns and a Purple Suns. They, they basically did this because Shaq was the originator of this. Shaq did complete the Rainbow challenge naturally. I think Chris Paul did as well. And the Rainbow Challenge, obviously we're talking about wearing all the colors of the rainbow and all the jerseys and teams you played for. Look, Shaq did it in a Natty way. He, he actually did it. He had, he had the, the Heat, the Suns, the Lakers, the Celtics, the Magic, the, the Cavs and the Lakers.


Oh, I guess there's two Lakers in there, but I feel like he had another one thrown in there. I don't, I don't count it. If you have to use the weird alternate son's jersey, I also think that him as a Cleveland Cavalier, that, I don't know if that's Indigo. Yeah, true. The eye for Indigo. That's true. We, we could find some football players that have done that. For sure. Yeah. The Rainbow Challenge. But yeah, Kevin Durant's legacy, I'm excited to talk about it. And that was Kevin Durant's Legacy. I I think it's worse for his legacy if he wins. Ooh. With the Rockets. I think it's good if he Gets a ring, I think That's a team he can go to. And if he, 'cause 'cause it's a young enough team that he can be like, yeah, they needed Kevin Durant. 'cause it's almost a perfect setup for him.


They were good this year. They were the two seed. They got bounced in the first round of the playoffs. Now Kevin Durant shows up, shows the young bucks how to, how to play basketball, how to play winning basketball. All credit to Kevin Durant. Let's see, who else do the Rockets have going into next year? Shung Goon. That's a good piece. Yeah. No, they're a good team. They're, I'm in Thompson. You know what they got Fred Van Leat still. He's Going, he's going running back home to the comforting arms of Steven Adams. Yeah, no, the, the, they are a good team. And with Kevin Durant, they could be a great team. So I think it's be good for, They, they did not have that guy in the playoffs that would Step up. But if, if, if, if the Rockets had gone to, let's say the Western Conference final, I think it would've been bad for Kevin Durant's legacy.


The fact that they got bounced in the first round by an aging Warriors team. Good for Kevin Durant's legacy. One of my favorite topics. Kevin Durant's Legacy. I can't wait. I hope they run into the Warriors again. That'd Be great. That'd be great. Great theater. That'd Be incredible. Okay. Hank, do you wanna talk a little golf? Yeah. Great Golf. The fifth major. I'm very, I'm very interested to see what you have in that bag of yours. We'll do that after Cal Riley. But how is, well, no, we'll talk about the trip after. You wanna talk about the fifth major? Yeah. Drafts. What'd you see? Great tournament. Specifically whole 13, 14, 15. It was more like 15. I I was, I was, I wouldn't even say a asleep, but I, I was, I was watching all day.


I didn't, I didn't leave my couch. It was so fucking hot out. Like too hot to even want to go outside. So I was locked in. But yeah, it was, I was listening. I was actively listening to like whole 16, 17. Wait, what Do you mean actively listening? Like I was listening. I wasn't necessarily watching, I wasn't asleep. I don't know that I was a hundred percent conscious, but yeah, 15, 16. But I, I was back for 17 to 18. You're browning out. Tommy Fleetwood. It was, I loved the travelers. I went, I mean, we went in 2015 with Barslow, with Keegan was the people's golfer. We, we followed him around for a couple days. Oh, that was Jim Retter. That was 2014. Oh, 2015.


Jim Retter was no longer on the PGA tour. Keegan was people's golfers 2.0. So we followed him around the travelers. But it's like, you know, only event they have in New England. It's great that Keegan like, for whatever reason he won a couple years ago, set the scoring record there, turns it up for the home crowd. But it was a great, like Tommy Fleetwood, great dude, great golfer, super fun to watch. Has never won on the PGA tour, even though he is really good and always, you know, he's, I think he had like, what, 10 or 13 top 10 finishes without winning 1 42 top 10 finishes. 42. He's Never Won a PGA tour event. Never won a PGA tour event. So it was like a, it's, it's Insane that he's never won a PGA tour event.


It was a great, like, whoever wins this, this is gonna be good. I honestly felt as, as you know, cool as it was for Keegan. I felt really bad for Tommy Fleetwood. Yeah. I I don't really feel bad for Tommy Fleetwood. He choked bad. I was rude. That's a, that's a joke that I Was rooting for Keegan Bradley. I don't wanna feel ashamed about rooting for Keegan. I was yelling USA at my tv. Yeah, that's fair. You Know, like I, okay, I'm sorry. Tommy Fleetwood didn't win. I, I hope he does at some point, but I, I'm not gonna go as far as be like, oh man, I feel so bad. This kind of takes away from the moment. No, fuck that. I wanted Keegan Bradley to win. And when he hit that approach to what, like four feet and then Tommy Fleetwood hit his a mile away and then putted and then left himself beyond Keegan Bradley's ball to give him a read, A perfect read at the putt.


I was pumped about all that. That was good. Listen, everything that happens from this point on in golf is a setup for the Ryder Cup. Right. And now there's a lot, there's a lot of talks with the Ryder Cup. He's The captain. Keegan Bradley. Yeah, He's the captain right now. He was, he would be a playing captain. People are saying they might bring in Tiger to be the captain. Captain. The captain, captain. 'cause playing captain might get complicated, but he's Keegan's playing so well that those conversations are happening, which is awesome. Yeah. IIII Feel Do you think a playing captain is an issue? No. Why not? Why? I mean, every other sport has playing captains. Yeah. But not necessarily that are like deciding. Well, I mean Like The Problem that Derek Jeter played, That's a different, I'm just saying's not setting the lineup.


I'm just saying is that This player Captain, right. There's Different, different circumstances. Cast. I don't understand what a captain is. They're called captain. If he, if he is a playing captain, that means that he can't ride around at a golf court court with like a little headset in and a walkie talkie and talk about God knows what for four hours. No, he can do that still when his round's over. Yeah. So what, what's the issue here? I don't have an issue with it either. I'm just saying that's what people, sounds like you have an issue. People, people people, not people in the golf media world, there are saying that might be an issue. I say put the sea on his chest and put 'em out there like I do Too. You look At hockey, all the captains play. Well The golf media world is also pretty soft at times for sure. There was, I saw some people being like, Tommy Fleet would deserve to win.


No he didn't. He choked. Yeah, Choked. I, I wanted him to win. I was hoping that he would get the monkey off his bat back. But he choked. And Keegan Bradley was electric going down the stretch. And Tommy Fleet would, he did have a good on Saturday. They asked him about it. He, and they're like, you're the, you're the top player to not win a PGA tour event in the last 40 years. Because again, he is had 10 42 top 10 finishes, 28 top five finishes, five third places, six runner ups. He's made 135 out of 159 cuts. He's basically in every single tournament. He was like, well at least something number one in something so good for him.


If You wanna blame somebody for all this, you can blame Rory McElroy. Yes. Did you see what Rory said? Yes. Yes. So they interviewed Rory after his round was over and it looked like Tommy Fleetwood was gonna win the tournament. And they asked him your thoughts on Tommy Fleetwood. It's been a long time coming for him on the PGA tour. He said, yeah, Tommy's been a great player for a long time and he is more than due or he was more than due. So yeah, he's got so much talent and so much ability and obviously it's great to see him get over the line before the tournament's over. Yeah. Not great bad guy. Not Great. This is why he doesn't talk to the media. Yeah. Yeah. Ah, He's trying me hottest. I just tried Tommy Lad. I just tried Be hot out there. It's a very difficult Cold.


I had a question for you guys. Do you guys think it's a little weird that the Panthers are like mocking the Oilers to such a crazy extent? I say go for it. No. I say you got 'em twice. You beat 'em twice. I'm just Asking if it's Yeah, but that's the thing. They beat 'em twice. Like they, it does feel like they're going a little extra hard. I don't maybe fucked up. Maybe there was more bad fucked blood fucked up. What I think when you, you you've, you've won a cup before. I I'm, it's kind of just you just, you everything's a blur the first week and a half after. I'm saying, I'm not saying bad or wrong. I'm saying weird. I'm asking is it weird? Like I, it it feels like maybe something happened that we don't know about. I Think they don't like each other. The, the Panthers don't like any team that they play. But I Right.


I'll agree with you on this one Big Cat that when you win a Stanley Cup, at least in, in my personal experience winning a Stanley Cup, I felt more animosity and more like double bird fuck you to all the other teams in my conference. Right. Like the natural rivals that you go through and then you win the Stanley Cup and it's like you're not that fixated on the team that you just beat. It's great. And they beat 'em twice. Yeah. Like it would be one thing if it was like the Oilers had beaten 'em twice, then the Panthers beat them again. Don't, I don't care. I think it's fun to start rivalries and all that stuff. I was just saying more weird that like, why are they so obsessed with the oil? Did I miss something? I think I was almost like curious. Did I miss some, some story about shit talking or like one of the Oilers players said something that's unforgivable to the Panthers.


So when, when you think about like having more of that animosity and the fuck you energy towards the guys in your conference. They did start a rivalry with Edmonton over the last two since they played them twice. Yeah. They've got that history. So now they're like, they beat 'em twice. I know, but that, that's what I'm saying. They've got that history with 'em. So now they're more focused on being like, Hey, fuck you Edmonton. It's not A rivalry though. It's not. And they're letting them know. 'cause they beat 'em. Yeah. Beat 'em twice. I just, I saw, did you guys see Goalie Bob had a great quote. I I, I like that he's the humble king. He said when asked about how he celebrates, it's definitely a fun time. But I don't know. I'm a little different. I celebrate a little different. I'm not overexcited about the things. As I said, I feel humble and appreciative for the opportunity.


Yeah. That's such a classic goal quote. It's Great. Yeah, it's great. Rank rank all the champions from this year. Okay. All the major. So the Dodgers, the Eagles, the Panthers, duke, the Thunder, Duke basketball. Duke did not win. They did it. It was Florida that won. Duke didn't win. Yeah. Oh. What Max Look at Zach is Googling. Zach is Googling and he just like look up above Bob Brosky. Bob first name Brosky last. And it's just an 87-year-old pushing a sled. Bob. Bob. Broski. Broski. Bob Broski. Okay. Yeah. Sorry. Sorry. I thought I just wanted you guys to see that. It sounds like my neighbor's name.


Are We doing 2025 or are we doing just This, this calendar year? So, alright, let's Let, so let's do this, this officially because we want to do Dodgers Put on a, a card. Yeah. To get people pissed. Dodgers Eagles. Panthers Thunder. Florida basketball. Ohio State Football. Okay. Rory McElroy. Mm. Okay, I'm gonna go Dodgers number one. Mm. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go. I might go Panthers number one. Okay, so let's go. Dodgers are, Okay, we'll We'll go Dodgers. I'll go Dodgers. You go then. Panthers two. Yeah. Panthers two. Oh, Panthers two. So Dodgers one, Panthers two. Let's see.


Florida basketball is pretty awesome. I might put Florida basketball. I might put Florida basketball two. No, you know what? I think the Eagles should be number two. No, I was, I was hoping they would be lower than that. I mean they, they beat like a Hurt Chiefs team number. Chris Jones didn't play half the fucking Super Bowl. Okay. All right. I would go Dodgers, Panthers, Florida basketball, Ohio State Football. Thunder. LSU, baseball, LSU, baseball Eagles, Rory McElroy. Rory, Rory all make that on a quote and let people get pissed About that. Best champions. Best Champions of the year. That feels good. I think if the Dodgers played any of those teams, they Dodgers in five.


Oh ahead of the Eagles. You also have have Alcaraz. Yep. He was awesome. Great List. That's A great list. Really good list. That's a great list. Hey, wait, you never answered. Is is it the Sixers year? I don't Know. I mean think about it. East is wide. Yeah. Wide open. Celtics Maybe even Beat is Healthy. Celtics don't have Tatum Pacers don't have Halliburton. Nicks don't have a head coach. You guys are good. We, I don't know if Embiid is walking. What does that mean? I No, I I haven't seen a picture of him Walking. Are you recording something? We don't know. I I I don't know. That's what I'm saying. I don't know. Okay. Joel Bead has not been cleared to walk.


Joel Bead. It's like a, it's like a 2-year-old Joel Beat has taken his first step. Yeah. We need an AI of baby Joel b taking his first step. He's ready to play. Zach spelling back here is just be, is just incredible. He just spelled Embi. I-M-B-E-E-D. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Hell yeah. Oh man. Zach, this football season. Shout out to U baseball though. Champions. Ah, crazy. Last game, coastal. Great job by the umpire. Coastal Coastal's manager gets kicked out and then their bench coach gets kicked out in the first inning arguing Balls and strikes.


Yeah. The ump, the ump falls. He flopped. He Flopped. But he should have, he was embarrassed. If you get embarrassed like that as an ump, it should be like retroactive. Everyone gets to stay in the game. 'cause that was a loser move by Him. I gotta say great job next ump up because that, that ump came in and he was trying to like stand in between the manager and the home. Played umpire. Yeah. That's always like somebody's job is to like intercept the argument. He immediately falls over and then the next guy was in great position to back him up. Yep. And stepped in to handle that duty and keep him away from the home plate umpire. Yep. So great job by the Umps. That's what we came to see today. We absolutely wanted to make sure that we saw them was The ump show. But yeah, LSU did feel like they were Team of Destiny also. Crazy. They played this game in the middle of the afternoon.


Yeah. Yeah. That was wild. I know there was game seven, there was Sunday night baseball. But you gotta have a championship game. Can't be played in the middle of the Afternoon. I agree. I was hoping that Coastal was gonna win this one so we could get a meaningful game tomorrow. Yeah. Just meaningful sports Tomorrow. It would've been nice to have one game. Yeah, one game. By the way, we should update real quick because we're gonna get to our Cal Raleigh interview. He had a pretty big weekend at Wrigley also. Sammy Sosa was back for the first time in a long time on Friday. Which I don't know, the Cubs did it like secretively and then it word got out, which was kind of weird. But he's getting inducted into the Cubs Hall of Fame later this year. That's good. But this was like a ti a trial run of Like back Did they have him come sprinting in?


No, they they, they had him just walk in and made sure that there was a video of Ricketts giving him a hug. Getting outta the SUV. So nice moment. But yeah, Cal Row hit four home runs this weekend. Crazy. So when we get to our interview with him, which was great, I think we did all of our on pace stuff for his 27 home home runs. As of Thursday, he had four more. So he's got 31 home runs. He is now on pace for 67 home runs. Which is pretty fucking insane. That's pretty good. Pretty insane. Yep. We think Tani face of major league baseball. Cal Riley. Cal Riley's the ass. Yeah. He's the ass of the MLB. Listen, I went to the game today.


His dumper is like seeing it in baseball pants. It's A dumper. I was showing it to my buddy over the weekend. I was like, yeah, we interviewed this guy, Cal, Cal row. He's, they call him Big dumper 'cause he got a giant. But my friend was like, his ass isn't that big. I was like, dude, dude, let me put you on his ass real quick. Yeah, No, when he's, when he's got his baseball pants on, he's got a fucking dump. An absolute dump. Okay. Should we do, who's back the week?


Gametime by the way, Gametime. Hank, why don't you pull up a baseball game? There's nothing like getting to a baseball game, especially last minute. Lucky for me, I always use Gametime. The official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports Gametime makes getting tickets faster and easier. Price on the app actually go down the closer it gets to Showtime. They even get exclusive zone deals. You let them choose your seats with a given set of zones and you get huge savings in return. You can put those savings back in your pocket and spend them at the ballpark on a hotdog, a new hat, or some good old fashioned cracker jack. If you're in Chicago, you can get 10% off zone deals for the Cubs at home on Sunday July 6th verse The Cardinals, just look for the zones 29 through 32 on the Gametime app. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


We who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends At truly, truly unruly Lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take Lemonade. Let loose 8% A BV. 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue RAs OG original Lemonade punched up pineapple wild pink. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Find truly unruly lemonade at a store near you. Or visit truly hard seltzer.com. I am a wild pink guy. Hank likes the og og OG OG PFT is a bump and blue Raz guy. So level up your lemonade, but truly unruly. Find truly unruly lemonade. A store near you versus it truly hard seltzer.com.


Hank who's back of the week. Yeah, We went over a lot of 'em. USA is back. Kegan Bradley, captain. Yes. Sammy America. Sammy Sosa. Back, back in the friendly confines Mount Rushmore season. Yes. Back on Wednesday. Very Excited. Very excited. So we have the teams, Should we Announce 'em? Yeah. Alright, let's do it. Let's do it. All Right. So it's gonna be the Booth Boys, max and Beams. John Wilkes, Hank and PFT. My good friend Hank. Yep. PFT Enterprises And me and Zach. And so it's gonna be three, three teams, which we feel like that's a, a good 'cause when we do, like if we did five solos, it would, it would be tough to pick Mount Rushmore.


You know what lesser men than me and Hank would complain about being teamed up with the other one because we did finish last and second to last, last season. But this is just a great, great comeback story for it. Yeah. What a great opportunity we have. Hank. Yeah. And PFT and I we're, we're in lockstep. We're, we're kind of all eyes focused on, on the internet invitational. So this is just another way for us to, to get closer. Yeah. Work together. No Bickering. No bickering. Bickering. No bickering. No. It's gonna, yeah. This is gonna, this is gonna bring us closer than anything. Like, The thing about me and Hank is that when people say that, that we get into fights, it's all bit and we're never actually in fights with each other. Yeah. You guys just don't get it. Yeah. So yeah, We don't even have to like debate. We'll just know. It's kind of like, let's read each other's mind. No, we should debate a little bit.


It's gonna be awesome. So we're gonna do it. Please submit. Oh, should debate. Why not? You absolutely debate. Please Submit. Hank's already beat a piece of shit about this Mount Rushmore ideas. Mount Rushmore ideas. What you want to hear. We've done a lot of 'em. It's our ninth Mount Rushmore season. Covered 'em, a lot of 'em. But I can't wait for Mount Rushmore season. Water. Water. I can't, I can't Wait for a color. Mount Rushmore of yellow things. Color. I Can't wait for a color. God, I think we're gonna have to lead with the color. Ugh. Color. Color ones are the best. Colors are great. Zach, are you ready for this, Zach? On Friday we had him do, were you here for his pistachio ice cream?


No. Yeah, We asked him to like on the spot Mount Rushmore of ice creams and he Oh, I heard That. I Listened fortune to this pistachio. You did? So that's a Problem. Yeah. You listened to the whole show. Yeah. The the boys driving back from Pebble who listened. Oh. Oh. 'cause I heard I also, I might have fallen asleep during that time. I heard a rumor Hank that, that you were wondering when we're going to be interviewing Cal Riley. Well that was, that was the, that was the PMT group text. You thought that maybe it was today that we were gonna be interviewing. Well The text was the, but the episode came Out What? Memes? Memes. Memes is on my memes is on the pip. This is crazy. Memes texted the group text. What are we Running? Who are we running tomorrow? I said, Cal Row. And then you text him on the side saying, when are we interviewing Cal Row?


I memes tweet about Cal Row, like a hundred times. What's the game plan for interviews today? Just Kyle Row for Monday's show. Yeah. So interviews today. I thought that and you said Cal Row for Monday. Yeah. I thought that meant you're interviewing Cal Roll today for Monday again. No, We interview him last we Thursday. He was here. We there was behind You guys blessed me with the vacation Mayor. Posted Mayor. True. True, true, true, true, true. True, True, True. And maybe he came in and then he was gonna do the interview, like the way that was worded. What's the gameplay for interviews today? Yeah. And you answered Kyle Rowley. So Is that your only, who's back is just a show announcement? Amy Sosa, Keegan Bradley, Karen Reed's, back free Karen Reed.


Yeah. Yeah. So what, what happened with Karen Reed? She, she's innocent. She got, she got ruled innocent. She got off. She's free. Yeah. Good for her. Good for her. Good for Her. Yeah. Karen Reid's back. So's cool. Why of Women Never Get Off. Yeah. I can't wait to watch another Netflix documentary about it. I do think there will be another one and I'm excited to watch it. So was it, was it a hung jury or was it It was a hung jury the first time And this Time. Not guilty. One was innocent. Yeah. Not guilty. She got charged for I think operating d Yeah. Operating a vehicle under the influence. Okay. But not charged for murder. So Now, And Brad Marshawn, I mean, Brad watching Brad Marshan, are The cops gonna get charged? I don't think so. So who's gonna be, no one else is gonna be charged with this. This guy's death. Yeah. Find the dog. Ah, Brad Marshan back.


Brad Marsha. You find the dog. Find the dog. Find the dog. Find the kid. The dog. Yeah. The dog leads you to everything. Yeah. That just makes no sense. They just gave away the dog. Yeah. No. Zero sense instantly and that they can't find it. Yeah. Wait, They've looked for the dog. Yes. Oh, I didn't know they looked for the dog. Yes. So they killed the dog. Yes. Okay. That's fucked up. I know. Just Brad Marshon is just putting on a clinic, celebrating the cup. He celebrates well, Celebrates so well trolling. Like he's like, you know, not a big social media guy. Then he wins a cup and he is just like trolling Instagram stories. Parties. Yeah, He was doing the Posting random people at the bar. It Just like, oh, and doing the, around the, he went around the table and just said thanks.


Like he would just post a picture of like, you know, a player would be like, thanks Saber, here's set Jones. Thanks Blackhawks. Yeah. Just going around. Yeah. And I, I do not think he posts very often if, if at all. No. Yeah, no, I follow him on Instagram. I didn't even realized he, I did. And then all of a sudden he's just been the most active guy. Oh man. Yeah. Crowd surfing with the Stanley Cup at 11. If you've been to 11, it is quite something that might be the number one place to celebrate a championship. It's, I don't even understand how 11 exists. It's a, it's a club that's also a strip club, but not a strip club. But if you're sitting in 11 For more than five minutes, like a super hot stripper will come up and be like, Hey, you want a lap dance?


But it also, it's still not a strip club. Is that a good way to explain it? Twosy everywhere. But it is a strip club. It's not, yeah, I know, I know. It's, when you think Of strip club, you'd think of like, alright, you go there and all this's happening is strippers. 11 is a club. Yeah. But it just happens that strippers do come up to you every five minutes being like, do you want a lap dance? It's 'cause it's Miami. Yeah. It's like kind of classy because it's Miami And it also doesn't really, like, I think I went to 11 once at like, I think I was calling to try to get a table and I was like, we're gonna roll in at like 1:00 AM and the guy like laughed at me. He's like, oh, okay. Like we're barely open at one. Like we're just starting, it's like Europe.


Like then you leave at like 5:00 AM and it's around the block line. Hank and I went to 11 together one time. Hell Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. Open 24 hours a day. It's fucking, it's quite something. I would say probably number one place to celebrate a Stanley Cup. Yeah. I mean PFT gotta celebrate in Vegas. I feel like that's, that's probably two. But yeah, it was nice. 11 is is definitely up there. Yeah. Yeah. Hockey sound was cool. No strippers. That's the one thing I'll say Again. Could have been, yeah, they might not even be strippers at 11. They might just like you so much that they wanna give you a lap dance. It could have been over the top if there were boobs. It basically is, yeah. It's, it's basically a strip club, but you don't feel like it's a strip club. So then you think like, oh man, these really hot chicks. Like, like me, The, the one time I went to 11, I got so drunk that I left with my girlfriend and I told her that I, I can't leave with her because I have a girlfriend and That's awesome.


Yeah. That's such a good guy move. Yeah. Oh man. I'm, I'm not supposed to be doing this, Sir. Oh, okay. Good. Who's back sir? Thank you. Great. Who's back? Thank you. Have to my who's back of the week is the USA. Yeah. Because we vanquished our foes. Saudi Arabia, Trinidad and Tobago and Haiti, our big rivals in soccer. Nice. So all three, these were teams that don't like each other very much. No love lost beat. Saudi Arabia. Arabia on Thursday, one nil. And then beat Haiti two to one. So now we advance to the Gold Cup. I don't know, whatever the fuck the next round is maybe against Mexico.


Okay. So big stuff for us. Soccer. That's huge. I really don't give a shit. But I do care when the US does play Mexico, then I will care. Yeah. Because I just, that's the one time I tap into US soccer and really give a fuck about it. I just wanna see the team playing. Good. 'cause it's the last tournament that we have before the whole World Cup tuneups and the World Cup next year. Got it. So yeah. Suck at Haiti. Love it. Suck it at South Saudi Arabia. Never had a chance. Never had a chance. If you listen, beating a, a heated rival like Saudi Arabia, one nil in a tournament, that means everything. Like we're on the right foot. Yeah. Pokes. Got the boys rolling. Absolutely. Poke in. Poke in. Yeah. Well, I think we're poke in right now. Yeah, we're poke in. But if he loses to Costa Rica or Mexico, is it Poch?


I don't know. I think it's Poch po Catino po Poach. Po Catino pooch. It doesn't rhyme with Coach Poach. I don't know. I listen, I'm not, I watch, I watch the World Cup. I'm not, I'm not tuned into the CONCACAF Gold Cup unless we lose, and then I'll be like, ha. I also like that we play it against Saudi Arabia in the CONCACAF Gold Cup. Yeah. Makes A lot of sense. Or neighbors. Yeah. Okay. My Mike Concacaf concacaf. It's the biggest tournament in the world. It's Federative. I Don't know what's stands for. It's, it's the most prestigious soccer organization in FIFA with teams such as Haiti, Saudi Arabia, And Tobago, And Trinidad and Tobago.


We beat two teams, five nil when we beat Trinidad and Tobago. Confederation of North Central America and Caribbean Association Football like Saudi Arabia. Yeah. Wait, that makes sense. Sense. Don't worry about it. Saudi Arabia was just like, Hey, can we get in? Yeah, no problem. Alright. My who's back of the week is World War ii. We're doing it again, boys. I think this is the fifth World War III that's happened in the last four years. Getting The gang back together. Yeah. Yeah. The strategy of just not saying anything online has really worked out for all the previous World War threes. Because when everyone freaks out and says, oh, world War II's happening, and then in two weeks there's not a World War III and there, and you look like an idiot. It's not jinx anything here.


I'm not You're either, you're, this is COVID all over again. No, it's not. Yes it is. We, we've all, This ain't gonna be World War ii, buddy. Don't, We've all thought the same thing, which is World War III has been, it, it started like six different times. I just don't want to say that it did that. It's, listen, not starting now. World War I, threes have been overrated. There's been like a hun We're on World War Nine now. 10. We're on World War 10. What Did you say? If they canceled the NCAA tournament, I inject myself in COVID. I did end up getting COVID like five different times. So that was a mistake. That was a big mistake. It's not World War III yet. It's just, I just, I'm so sick of everyone saying World War II just Started. It's just running back the Middle East War that we do every 11 years.


Yeah. Dude. World War iii. Oh, it's gonna be World War ii. What are we gonna do? What should we do on Monday? Should we go to work? Yeah. I gotta say, I've been doing a lot of reading about the operation with the B two bombers. Dude, those guys flying there and back without stopping is badass. Yeah. We had the refueling planes up in the air, The B twos and the guy and the guy tweeting about it before in Missouri being like, yo, I just saw some B two bombers outside my house. Yeah. He, he, he had the, he, he broke World War III before anyone else. Shout Out to B two Bomber because we've had that for forever. And it's still untouchable. Yeah. They didn't see it on radar. And then they didn't even see the other, by the way, this is what, what we did was quite literally the plot of Top Gun two.


Yeah. Which goes to show you that we didn't need F eighteens and Top Gun two. Like I, I love that movie, but if most people are watching that, you're like, why the fuck are they using fourth generation fighters instead of a fifth generation F 35 versus B two bombers? Isn't That what they had in the very beginning? What Do you mean? Like the First scene in the movie? No, that was a, that was a experimental plane that hasn't been cleared yet. Got it. Yeah. Where he went like Mach 11 and then ejected. Yeah. And walked into a bar. He was like, can I get some milk? Yeah. Those, those bomb, those those planes are fucking sick. They Are. Alright. But yeah, I just, I just always know World War II's happening when I tweet something about sports and, and in my replies, people would be like, dude, how could you do this World War II's about to happen? Yeah.


And then also my who's back is Jonathan Tate. He's back, he signed with the Winnipeg Jets, his hometown team. What's been going on with him? So kind of a mystery. People thought it was long COVID, OVID and then it was kind of an like a, some type of autoimmune, like always being tired. I think I have that. Something he couldn't figure out. But I'm happy he's able to now play again. Hopefully end his career the right way. 'cause it really sucked that he was, you know, it didn't, it just sucked the way it ended in Chicago after so many good years. So yeah, he's back and I'm ho I'm rooting for him. Same. It'd be awesome. He's the fucking man. Yeah, he is the man. You played golf with him? I didn't play golf with him.


He was in the group behind us. My buddy. You played golf at the same time as him. Hole In one. And then he came out with us after. Oh, That's playing golf with him fucking man. Yeah. Yeah. No, he is the man. He's the absolute man. So I'm hoping he, he does well and, and stays healthy. Okay. Zach, you got a, who's back? I do a Who's back of the week for you? Okay, real quick. My who's Back of the, the week would have to be out there in Houston, Texas over the weekend. I don't dunno if you guys are familiar with Morgan Wallen, the country singer. I'm Familiar with Him. So Morgan Wallen started, he's got this, I'm the problem tour going on right now. He does these tunnel walks before every show. You know, different celebrities, different guests travel with him into the stadium, into the, onto the stage in Houston. He went with a Roger Clemons Drake.


And I just, I just feel like that was a fantastic star Stu way to start. A weekend tour was sold out. It, it's at the arena where the Texans play. I think he's sowed back. You know, he had, he's had some controversies, you know, throwing a chair over the ledge. They take him back to God's country with SNL. And I just was curious What other ones. I just got those ones for Not no other, I think, I think those, Oh, we went out to a bar during COVID. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That one. There's a C word one. Yeah. The COVID one was bad. C There Was a C word. I Know. I didn't know if you could say that one. Yeah, Yeah. You can say, you can say the C word. Yeah. Okay.


Do you guys have anything else? Do you guys have like a, a two man you'd like to enter a stadium with? Do you have like a two A one A one B you'd like to travel into a stage with Yeah. Hank. PPF pst shit. Damnit. So we had Roger Clemons and Drake with him. He did, I think Stone Cold and dog, the bounty hunter. I'd Go Tom Brady and Lil Wayne. Mm. I think I'd go Paul Binet and Bonnie Blue. That'd be nice. Max. You got, you got a pair Shane Victorino. Yeah. He doesn't even like Shane Victorino that much. I Saw Shane Victorino in the airport last Week.


That's Awesome. Oh, that's so sick. I, I didn't say hi to him. I was too Scared. Oh, that's a good story though. Yeah. What else? Maybe Jason, Kelsey and Brian Dawkins. Brian Dawkins for sure. Oh, that'd be sick. Yeah. Hype the people up. Sick. That'd be real sick. Alright, good. Who's back? Morgan Mullin's back. Did you guys see, by the way, is that, is that Drake's first public appearance since the beef? No. I feel like I haven't seen him Anywhere. No, he's been, he's been around. He's been, he's been like kind of active. I mean, he does his weird gambling stuff. I feel like I've seen those clips. Yeah. Does Some streams. Yeah, he's been streams. He does gambling streams.


Yeah. What A loser. No, but they're, I don't even know what, what is this? It's an offshore. Yeah, it's like a offshore like Yeah, but he's around Offshore. Like, like little St. James Island, Not that offshore. Okay. Closer inland. Got it. Also, is Shhe back or no? Is he Pi He's pitching one Innings. He's opening. I don't Like this. He's opening And James Wood took him yard vertically today. Vertically. Yeah. He had the highest pop fly I've ever seen in my entire life. That's sick. Say it was so high. Mookie bets lost it. It went into the sun. Oh. PFT was telling us about this and he was like, you gotta find this.


You got, you gotta see this, this pop fly. It Is the highest infield pop fly I've ever seen in my life. Shockingly, there was no replay of this highlight. Oh, what? Anywhere on the internet. You remember Jaden Daniels handoff in week two? Yes. This is exactly this. This is James Woods version of the handoff. Yeah. But yeah, no show. He looked pretty good. He was throwing some good pitches out there. I Wanna see him play pitch more than one Inning. Yeah, I would too. Cal row A-L-M-V-P show. He is probably gonna win the N-L-M-V-P Right. Cal Row. Let's see, what, what is the, we're gonna get to I love Schwarber. Well, I want Schwarber to win. 'cause I've been on it, but I don't, and that's also nl. So also, how about, how about Shhe breaking up a fight that he was in that his teammates like got into Defend him.


Yeah. So that was a pretty cool guy. I like having the Padres and the Dodgers hate each other because I'm just looking forward to the postseason with those two. But yeah, they, they plunked Shhe and then Shhe tried to be the one that broke up the entire fight that got started on his behalf. Yeah. Good guy. Plus five 50 still. So for Cal Rally Big dumper. We're gonna be talking about it. He's gonna hit 67 home runs. It's a catcher. It's crazy. Yeah. I put that bet in the second he left the studio when I, when I I love to watch him leave. Yeah. And I was like, that ass is gonna be, that's an MVP ass. That's an MVPS. Alright, let's get to the interview with Cal Row in Studio before we get to Cal Rowley.


Pardon? My Take is sponsored by Better Help Men Today face immense pressure to perform, to provide and keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year, and it's often undiagnosed. It's okay to struggle. Real strength comes from opening up about what you're carrying and doing something about it. So you can be at your best for yourself and everyone in your life. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. Pft and I both have seen therapists been very helpful. Even if you don't think you have something right now that's bothering you top of mind, just talking through with someone day to day stuff is really, really helpful. So with over 35,000 therapists, better Help is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally as the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out With Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash pmt. That's better help hlp.com/pt.


We're also brought to you by our friends of, at Fruit of the Loom. For some reason, guys hold onto their underwear way too long. Why? Who knows. But when a fresh, comfortable, well-designed pair of fruit, the loom costs less than your morning coffee. There's really no excuse. Listen guys, underwear is very important, especially summertime. You need the right stuff and fruit of the looms. Got it. Refresh your underwear drawer today with, with well-made, well priced Fruit of the Loom. I know that I'm about to do a full underwear overhaul. I like to get all the same underwear, all the same socks. I'm gonna do it with Fruit of the Loom. So Fruit of the Loom delivers legendary comfort and iconic style you can trust. With nearly 175 years of expertise, we craft essentials that feel like designer, but at a fraction of the price. Throw out those old underwears. Come on, let's get, let's get feeling good with Fruit of the Loom. Let's do it. Okay. Let's feel good. Let's, let's, let's make sure we take care of ourselves. Let's Fruit of the Loom. It's time to refresh your underwear drawer with well-made, well priced Fruit of the Loom. The most comfortable stuff out there. So go get it now. Fruit of the Loom.


Okay, here he is. Cal Raleigh. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very, very special guest. He's the best catcher in baseball. Also should be A-L-M-V-P this year Is Cal Rowley from the Seattle Mariners' Cal. Oh, I mean, big Dumper. Is that, do, do people just yell Big DI would imagine it's gotten a little outta hand where people are just yelling big dumper at you all the time. Yeah, it's, I mean, it's more big dumper, dumper, dumpy, you know, than it is anything else. So it's cow's kind of, you know, a thing of the past. I, I would imagine like too the, in the, the nickname Big Dumper.


It's one of those things like, you get it given to you. There's really nothing you can do about it. But I, I'll say this, like, it's a little bit of a weird nickname, but it's hard in sports to have like a unique new nickname. And that one's as unique as it gets. Yeah. I mean, it's not the one, you know, you draw up the one you think you think you would ever get, but it's kinda like you said, you know, not a lot of people get actual real nicknames like that. So, you know, you, you take what she can get. And then we get the, the big dumper goes poo whenever you hit Hit a home run, which I fucking love. Yeah. That, that tweet. Yeah. Yeah. As soon as that guy, that Mariners fan sent me that tweet I sent it to you. And I was just like, every time he hits a home run, I'm just gonna think about this in my head. Big dumper goes poo poo.


Oh, I saw that one. And then there was another one, somebody said, it's like when he hits two home runs, it's a taking a deuce or a double dumper Deuce or something. Double deuce. You can Upper deck 'em too. Yeah, there you go. You hit a moonshot. There you go. Yeah. I mean, yeah. It's probably not the nickname you would've liked. Did you have another nickname before that one got forced upon you? Not, not one like that. I mean, you know, people always kind of, you know, they've always said, talked about, you know, how big my butt is and everything. Yeah, yeah. But it was never really anything like that. So, and the funny thing was the guy who, Jared Knick, he's the one who came up with it. He had never even called me that or said that to me before. I mean, he always made fun of me, but like, he said that in a tweet or something and then just It blew Up.


Kind of took off. Yeah. When, When did you, when in your career were you like, oh, I do have a fat ass. Oh, I've known for, it's, it's been a long, like, ever since like high school, it's just been something that's like, it's like an eyesore just completely sticks out, you know? No, it's good though, right? It generates a lot of power. Yeah. Whatever works. Right. It's an, it's an asset. It's, it's really good for you was a one. Yeah. When they, when they unveiled the new See-through pants last year, you were like, oh shit. Oh Geez. That was Trouble. That was a disaster. Yeah. So we were talking about this the other day on the show, but the baseballs are apparently different this year. The seams are a little bit higher. The drag they've been talking about. Yeah. There's a lot of drag on the ball. Did you notice that as a catcher? I, I, I mean, it's such a small difference if there is one.


So obviously as a hitter you want a little less, you, you'd rather see balls going a little further. So Yeah. I haven't noticed anything quite yet. But I mean, you have 27 home runs, Right? Whatever, whatever they're doing with them right now is fine. Yeah. It Is working for you. Is it? I mean, it, it is crazy. 27 home runs leads major league baseball. We're taping this on Thursday, on June 19th. So we don't know what's gonna happen on the weekend. 'cause we're gonna run this next week. But like catchers don't hit that many home runs. You, you're just an anomaly. Where is it, is it, most of the time catchers are just because of the toll of catching. They just don't have the power? Or like, how are you able to do it?


Yeah, I mean there, there's a lot of factors, right? I mean, obviously catching your first priorities, taking care of the pitcher defense, it's always usually glove first and then the bat second. You don't get to play as often. 'cause you, you know, a lot of guys, you know, you need that, that extra day off or, you know, maybe your bat's not getting the lineup as often. So it's just a very taxing position too, on the body and the mind. So getting in every day is, is is tough. And a lot of guys, you know, like I said, it's, it's a glove first position. Yeah. Kind of anything up the middle, you know, those guys usually have to focus a more on defense. So it's, it's, it can be tough sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. How much extra prep do you have to put in as a catcher that, that you look at?


You see your teammates like a first baseman, right? Fielder, they, you know, they show up, they know what their job is. They do, you know, some advanced scouting know where they need to play in position, but their job is to show up, do pretty much the same thing that they normally do. Step up to plate and mash, and then you, you have to put in, I would imagine a lot more time than them where you're going over, you know, any sort of scouting for, for all the batters, all that stuff. Like, how much more time do you spend as a catcher than an average player? Yeah, I mean, you know, at least half my time. You know, you know, put in to, you know, worrying about, you know, game calling, worrying about the pitchers, things like that, meetings. So a lot of things that, that don't, you know, directly involve me.


So, but that's just kind of how it is. And you know, you've learned to, you've learned to kind of deal with it and kind of set your routine that way. So Yeah, the, usually the first day of series, they're, they're a lot longer just because we got, you know, meetings, we got, you know, scouting reports, stuff like that we gotta go over. So it's, it can be a little time consuming at times. Yeah. Can I, can I bring up a sore subject? Yeah. All right. So the, the playoff loss to the Houston Astros a few years ago, the 18 ending game, how bad did that suck as a Catcher? A marathon? Yeah. Yeah, I know, I think that was one of the first years they did the guy in second Rule. Yeah. With guys starting second in the next innings, but in the Playoffs they don't do that.


So, and that was pretty pitch clock too, so it was, that was such a long game. Yeah, it was. It was two games in one, it was a marathon, you know, started at like, one, it didn't, it went all the way to eight or something. It was like six and six and some change. So it was, it was a really long game. But with the adrenaline, how high it was, you really at the time weren't, we didn't have any, you know, afterwards I felt it, but yeah, with all the adrenaline being a playoff game and everything, didn't really feel it at the time. So Yeah. Yeah. I would, I would imagine the next to the morning after you wake up, just legs killing Sucks. It was, it was a long day. Did do you just always feel like you just did your first squat? Like, you know, exercise for like, the first time in a month? Because like, I would like is, are your legs just always sore?


I mean, it's just one of those things. It's like, you know, when you build up all that tolerance, it's just, you know, after a while it just becomes normal. Yeah. You definitely notice though, like after some day games, they can be a little, a little more tired just because you're not getting as much rest. And sometimes you got the heat and the sun and things like that playing in certain places you can feel a little more just because, you know, emotionally, you know, it'll take a, take a toll on you a little bit mentally. Yeah. As well. Like those games, I always say like, games in Houston, Boston, New York, playing in the places like that, where, where you feel like the team's, you know, the pressure's constantly on and the fans are on top of you and it's hot. Those take a little more outta you. Yeah.


More so than some other places. How, how does it work with pitchers? Are you, is it just like picture to picture? There's some pitchers that you know, that they're gonna wanna pitch their way and you're not really gonna call the game much and then there's some that like, hey, he's giving me the keys here, like I'm calling it for 'em. Yeah, I mean, everybody's different. You know, there's some guys that they, they're really involved and you know, what they wanna call and how they wanna attack hitters and they're playing and there's some guys that are just like, I don't care. I'm to whatever you put down. Like, you, you got it. Take it. And, you know, it is funny how, how different guys are. So they, you know, like I said, a lot of the guys do, you know, put a lot of trust in me, which, you know, I, so I try to take, take a lot of pride and calling a game and doing the scouting.


So we also have a lot of young guys too, so kind of help them along and, you know, learn the ropes. And some guys have, have done a really good job and kind of take ownership in that. So What about an efis? Are you gonna call an efis? George Kirby threw a knuckle ball. Okay. A Couple years ago. Is That hard? Was it just impossible to catch or? It was disgusting. He, well, it was Tim Wakefield had just passed away that morning or the night before and it was the last game of the season. And we had just gotten, you know, eliminated from contention the day before. So he's like, I'm gonna throw a knuckle ball, try to find a way to mix it in today. And he threw it Cory Seger.


And it was, I mean, if you find the video, it's disgusting. It's on like pitching the N jail, all that stuff. Like, yeah, it was, that's Why, why doesn't he throw it more? I don't know. I mean, he, he was on the shelf early this year. I mean, it might be a real pitch, you know? Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I mean, he got a whiff out of it. He swung a miss, so that's huge. It, I almost wi I almost missed it myself, so Yeah. Because I never, Is it like way harder to catch for a knuckle baller? I don't, I don't even know if I ever, that's the only, only real one I think I've ever caught in a game. So You're one for one, you're perfect. One for one. Yeah. The best For is baseball. Maybe. We had a guy in the Meyer Leagues, he maybe threw a couple. He was a, a big dude, like 6, 8, 3, 3 bills.


Like That's a funny, Let's get that guy in. Major league baseball. Yeah. JT Salter was his name, I remember. Okay, so let's get him called Up. I remember the, the Red Sox, when they had Wakefield pitching, they used to have Doug Mi Billy as his like specific catcher. Yeah. And one time, didn't they sign him? He was like a a, he maybe retired or something, but they signed him and then he had a police escort from Logan airport to the game to get him there for first pitch in time. Yeah. There's like a different, I I, maybe you can tell me like what's different about catching a knuckle ball. I mean, you just don't know what the ball's gonna do, right? I mean, it's kind of the same way with like a fork ball. You know, there's no consistent spin, there's no rhyme or reason of what the ball's gonna do, so you just have no idea.


So, you know, at least on, you know, curve balls, sliders, you, you know what the ball's generally gonna do in that direction, but with that, the pitcher doesn't even really know what it's gonna do. It could take off Right. Left up, down. Like you're really just playing goalie. Yeah. You know, you're not really even like, like Logan Gilbert, one of our pitchers, he throws a splitter. It's more fork ball type, but he calls it a splitter. And I just, you just don't know. I can't, I'm more just like I said, trying to keep it in front than I am trying to catch it. Yeah. Have you ever forgotten what pitch a pitcher's about to throw as he's delivering it? Oh, good Question. No. Sometimes in, in warmups I'm not paying attention. 'cause and they'll like give their little sign, like, you know, with their glove a little action.


Yeah. And sometimes they get a little, little nervous and I'll kind of like bail outta the way. But that's, it's been pretty rare. So that Would happen to me all the time. I'd be, I think this is a slider. Yeah's a little easier now with the pitch column. 'cause they got, you know, they're yelling in your ear, so. Yeah. Yes. You can at least hear it. So I got a couple dumb questions. One of 'em is about pitch comm. Do you still paint your nails? No, I don't do that anymore. Do you Miss that? I mean, I don't miss the painting of 'em because it would make a mess everywhere. Yeah. But they did start making some like stickies stickers. Okay. So that was a little easier on the nails rather than having to do white out on your Yeah. On your nails. Do you miss though, like, calling the game with the, with the fingers and stuff kind of badass? Yeah. I mean, when you Throw the one down for fastball and just like, here it comes, It was a lot simpler.


I, I don't miss the, 'cause you obviously have to change up signs with running second. 'cause guys are stealing signs. It's part of the game. I don't miss doing that. 'cause it got really complicated and yeah. Guys, now with all the cameras in the league guys, I mean, guys would, all their scouts would have everybody sign. So they would know, all right, this guy comes in, he does second sign shake the first, or this guy does, you know, last sign, first sign. So guys would already know. So you'd be constantly having to change 'em and it would be taking too long between the game. So I don't miss that part with pitch column. But nobody on base. You don't really need the pitch column. Yeah. Because nobody's out there, so it's honestly quicker to do it with the fingers. Yeah. Than I think the pitch column. Alright. Another dumb question.


Are there any umps to get like a little too close where you're like, oh, I got this guy tonight, he's gonna be like literally riding my back Some, I mean, yeah, they wanna get as close as they can. You knows, kinda like catchers they wanna get close to, they can try to steal strikes. Same thing for umpires. They wanna try to get as close to, they Kansas see every pitch. And some guys, you know, a lot of the older guys, you know, they'll give you that kind of like, pushback. So like, you know, especially if a ball, they like, it's coming their way, I'm set up a little bit this way and they're kind of exposed, they'll gimme that like, push in the back and you gotta, you gotta remind 'em like, hey, you're pushing me. Like, oh, you're not trying to do it on purpose. Right. They get flinchy back there. Right. And Then you get a little nervous. And then last dumb question about Umps, you ever fart on an ump?


I mean, yeah. Yeah. It's, I've logged too many innings to, to not As an ump ever noticed to let one slip be like, dude, what was That? Nobody's ever said anything. Okay. But I know, I mean, You know that, you know when they're thinking it. Yeah. You know, it is like when you walk in a room and Yeah. Yeah. It's the same thing. I mean, I try not to make it a habit. Yeah. But you're In that position. All you're compressing your body a lot. Sometimes some just squeaks out. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you're, you're squatted down for that long. Yeah. Bad, bad pre-game mill, you know? Yeah. And you were telling me that, that you have a soft serve machine in the clubhouse in Seattle and the nutritionist tried to take it away a couple years ago and you guys had like a mutiny. Yes.


This was, I think this was in 21, so it was my rookie year. So obviously like I come up and think it's the coolest thing ever. Softer machine, just the whole room in general's got all the snacks you can think of. And yeah, they, it was right after it was post All-Star break. They tried to like sneak it out during the break that way people wouldn't know. And like I said, you would've thought the world was ending. Wait. So everyone showed up and it just wasn't there. It wasn't there and people were pissed. Oh Man. And they made it a point. And like, it didn't even take, I think it took three days to get it back. I love that house. And, and that's the one thing that'll never be taken outta there. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what happened with the Braves back when, you remember when the Mets had that late, late season collapse and the Braves kind of gradually overtook them in September?


Yeah. I think they put the ice cream machine back in before that whole thing started. Yeah. It's just good vibes having an ice cream machine around. Everyone's happier At work. Nobody, you know, nobody wants a fruit bar around. They want the Yeah, right. They want the ice cream machine. They don't want, yeah. I mean, keep people happy, you know? Yeah. I have a So things, I have a personal request on behalf of this podcast. Are you gonna be in the home run Derby? If they ask me, I, I, I think they'd be pretty fun. Okay. I think you should be in the home run Derby. We got a guy you gotta take down. Who is it Christian, Is he gonna be in it? He's flirting with it. We cannot let him go Poo. Yeah, he is. That's a no go for us. No. If he wins the home run derby, we have to eat each other's ass. That's, that was the rule.


Yeah, It was, it's like a, it's like a seven year bet now. Yeah, it was a long time ago. Has He been in No, he's never been in it. He got, there was the one year where he was like geared up to do it and he hurt his back. So if you, if listen, we we're simple, we could do the easy way. You could just beat him in the home run Derby or we do the hard way and you could just beat him with a baseball bat before the home run derby, whichever one you want. Do I think, I think it'd be more fun to at least make you guys a little nervous. Okay. I'll beat him in the derby. So I, I I mean you will, you're, you're a much better home run header than Christian Yellich is. So Yeah. Don't give him bolts and board Material. I'm just saying. I'm trying to gas my man up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I mean, You are, he's a good player though. Yeah, he's okay. He's all right. He's fine. He's kind of skinny though.


He's Fine. Are you okay with us saying that you should be the MVP? 'cause he's obviously going up against judge, but I think the catching part of it is insane. Like, you, you're, you're catching so much. I mean, I know you DH a little, but it's nuts your glove and you're, what are you top, are you top two in, in throwing guys out? Maybe. Lemme look that up. I, I think you are. I think you're pretty elite at that. You Like to show Hey, Tani of baseball. Yeah. It's Crazy. Yeah, it's wild. You Are, I don't know about that. Yeah. Oh yeah. No leads, catchers in, in stealing eight or Yeah. So you've only given up eight stolen bases. There might be more than that. Really? It feels like more. Okay. My pitchers would, would probably argue with me. But Does that, when you give up a a a stolen base, is that demoralizing?


You like Fuck No. No. I mean, a lot of that's, you know, That's the pitcher's fault. Yeah. They don't, you know, they're not quick to the plate, you know. Yeah. And that seems to, that seems to be a tale as old as time, you know, pitcher's not, you know, remembering that somebody else is on the base and they just let 'em take off. Yeah. You can't, you can't really do much about it back there, so. Yeah. Yeah. We try, we try to limit 'em, but, you know, some guys take their time. Okay. How many stolen bases do you have this season? I Got Eight. That's pretty Good. I know. I think as long as you can steal more bases than guys steal on you, that's, that's a plus season, right? I just, I took, our manager had the record for a catcher in the season for the Mariners. Yeah. And I just, I just broke it the other day, so.


Oh Hell yes. So we're on base. I told him I was gonna take the bag and hold up. Like Ricky. Yeah. Ricky Anderson. Wait, do you have, do you have the green light Sometimes? So that's not, you do not have the green light. It's, it's Funny. It's why a yellow light? It's like, yeah. Eh, how many times have you been caught? Two. Okay. Eight for 10 right now. And that's gotta be that, that's a bummer when you come back to the Dugout. Yeah. 'cause it's like, you know, yeah. You shouldn't have been stealing there. Yeah. He's a slow guy. So if it's like, you know, somebody fast like Julio or something, it's like, ah, you know? Yeah. That happens. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah. Yeah. It's fine. Me, it's like, yeah. Might need shut it down for a while. Yeah. Yeah. No, I'd like, I'd like to see your run more. Do you pay attention to the on pay stats? I don't think so. Like, if, if, If you hit, obviously you're at 27 right now.


Do you ever look that up online? Be like, what am I on pace for this season? Oh, I, I would be interested in my, in my, my stolen basis for sure. Let's see. That'd probably be, I would imagine, right, right around like 15, right? Yeah. 16. That's, Those are good numbers. That's really Good numbers. We're halfway through. Yeah. We're close to halfway through. I don't know if we're all the way halfway through. Yeah. But do you look at your home run stats and you're like, you know, after, if you homer on opening day, you're like, man, I'm on pace for 1 62. 162 Home Runs. Yeah. We're a little less than halfway. So you are on pace for 50 home runs. That'd be pretty sick. What's better? That or the selling basis? I'd Say the home run, I'd say. So how, how sweet do, how sweet is it to hit a home run? It's gotta be the best feeling ever.


It feels good. Yeah. There's, I mean, rounding the bases, you know, is probably nothing better in sports. Yeah. I mean, for like an actual like, you know, individual thing, you know, football, you know, you throw a touchdown, you know, there's two people on the end of the play. Great catch. I guess that's fun. But you know, not a lot of people get to circle the bases like that. Especially in a big moment too. Walk Yeah. Walk off homers, you know, things like that. Is that, what's your favorite home run you ever hit? I mean, the one, the one in 22 when I walked it off against the A's. Yeah. Send it to the postseason. Yeah. That one was pretty, That one's badass. Yeah. I mean that one was, that's the one you dream about, right? Yeah. Like in the backyard, you're playing with the Whiffle Ball bat and Yeah. That's the one.


Yeah. The, by the way, the, the record for Catcher Home runs is Javi Lopez. So, and you're, you're ahead of pace on that. So let's do it. Let's get it. You had 42 in 2003. See what we can do. Or actually no wait. Oh no. Salvador Perez had 48 in 2021, but he didn't play, I don't think he played as many, I don't think he caught as many games as you're gonna end up catching. Yeah. He, he, he dhd a lot that Yeah. Well Listen, he been Dhd a little Bit. Whatever the stats go out, we're gonna make sure that you have number one. We'll, we'll, we'll fine tune it. We can, we can really kind of massage the stats For you finagle a little. Yeah, yeah. We got, We do a, a fantasy league every year. It's called Dingers only. Yeah. So only home runs count in our fantasy league.


I think that you might go in the top 10. I Probably five. I actually two years ago. Yeah. Kind of. Before you were like a big name and it was, it saved my season. Do You by position? It's by, Yeah. It's the simplest fantasy league you could ever create. It's just, everyone has nine players and it's just the only status home runs. It's pretty easy. Pretty. Yeah. And we also started halfway through the season, which that doesn't really make sense. What, so you haven't even started yet? No, No, we haven't drafted yet. So actually are you okay with whoever drafts you? Like I'll call you and like, we'll do it like an NFL draft being like, Hey, you ready to join my dingers only team? Yeah. We'll get a, we'll get a jersey or something. Yeah. Yeah. Be like, I'm ready to go coach. Yeah. I'm ready to hit some home runs. I mean, val, value wise you might be number one. Yeah.


Right. Because like, if you're in that many home runs as a catcher, that's huge Positional value. You might be number one in dingers only. Yeah. Catcher, you know. Yeah. It's not, it's not a home run position. So. Yeah. Yeah. I I have a question about the art of catching and framing pitches. Okay. Is, is there like a limit to how far outta the strike zone a pitch will be that you'll try to frame? Or will you try to frame everything? There's a limit, right? I mean, something ridiculous. You know, you can't, but I mean, I don't know. You're, you're trying to, trying to steal strikes. So like, you know, borderline, you know, pitches that look somewhat good to your eye, like Yeah. You're gonna frame it. And then, I mean, there are some, you know, where it's just like, alright, you know, no need for that.


We can't, We can't make this one work. Yeah. You gotta you gotta respect the game a little. Yeah. Is there, is there a, a frame job that you're most proud of? I don't know one off the top of my head. I don't think so. I mean, it, it's gotten a lot smaller. I mean, I don't know if you guys read that article that came out about the buffer zone with the umpires. You know, they basically, basically there was a two inch buffer zone that shrunk down to like 0.7. Oh shit. Five inches of a buffer zone. So umpires this year have been calling a lot more balls just because they're gonna get docked basically. 'cause they're getting, you know, just like we are as players, they're getting graded out and see how well they do in their performance.


And so they've been a lot more tighter this year with, with that being introduced. So that's kind of been, been the thing this year. Yeah. How Do we, how do we feel about the robot Umps? I'm out. Yeah. I'm out on robot Umps. We agree. Yeah. I mean this podcast, I mean, don't, like, don't you wanna keep a little bit of the baseball in it? You know? Yeah. Like a little bit of like, you wanna see managers and, you know, guys getting ejected, like that's part of the game. So Yeah. And they've taken away with replay. There's no more, you know, it's not a lot of arguing going on Yeah. Besides at home play. And if you take that away, it's like there's not, you know, you need a little bit of excitement in the game. You wanna see guys throwing, throwing rosin bags and Yeah. Yeah. The whole thing, A slow little trot that the manager does when he goes out, you know, like the short little steps.


But he's moving his arms like he's running. Right. And then he is like collecting his thoughts and he gets to home play and just explodes on the ump. Yeah. That's, that's part of the beauty of the right, of the game of Baseball. And I agree. It also, like we, we've, our, our take is simple that if you took away all refs and umps from all sports, you're basically eliminating like 50% of conversations guys can have with each other. Like Yeah. Yeah. Like if your team loses, you have to be able to blame a human being, you know? Yeah. You Want to, you want to, you know Yeah. Be like, oh, that robot Get pissed at that. Yeah. That umpire. You wanna at least blame somebody. Yeah. Right. Yeah. You know, So I mean, there's the human element of it. So, I mean, you know, it's not a bunch of robots out there playing, you know, you don't want a bunch of robots umpiring. Yeah. You know, I don't even know where the, where the system's at yet.


I mean, you know, if it's off by a little bit, if it's not, if it's perfect, you know, and like two is like, you gonna get everybody's size right? Like, is his own gonna change you, Aaron Judge versus Jose Altuve, like, it's a lot. Get the robots out.


We'll get back to RA in a second. He's brought to you by proper 12. I'm PFT here I'm making my Irish entrance with proper number 12 Irish whiskey. How do you make an Irish entrance? You ask starts with a shot of proper number 12 Irish whiskey. Because real friends don't let friends Irish exit a party without a story to tell. Original, proper number 12 is a rich and smooth blend of golden grain and single malt age four years in bourbon barrels mixed up some ginger ale for a classic and refreshing proper ginger in the mood for something smooth, but a little sweeter. Try proper Irish apple. It's a delicious blend of proper's award-winning Irish whiskey with crisp, fresh notes of apple. So get out there, make your Irish entrance. Anything else just wouldn't be proper. Make your Irish entrance with proper number 12 Irish whiskey.


Cal Riley is also brought to you by Sunglass hut. Sunglasses are more than just eye protection. They're transformation. When you put on a pair, you're not just shielding your eyes from the sun, you're reshaping how you see the world and how the world sees you. Sunglasses are more than an accessory. They're a way to express who you are, how you feel, and how you take on the world. Sunglasses are more than a shield from the light. They allow you to own your moment in so many ways. I wear sunglasses just about every day, just about all day, every day. Sunglasses are everything to me. And luckily, sunglass Hut has the best selection for the summer with a wide range of styles and an incredible in-store experience to help you feel like your best self, find the perfect pair that speaks to you, and embrace the power of sunglasses. Visit sunglass hut today and make every moment truly yours, sunglass hut. Own your moment. And now here's more cow rally.


Have you, have you ever had to stop a guy from charging the mound? No. I mean, I've had to step in between. Do You have a move? Are you re like in your head? Like, kind of like, I think like, oh man, if someone's gonna hijack this plane, I'm gonna be such a badass. Do you have that going through your head? Like, man, if this guy steps towards my pitcher, I'm gonna be such a badass here. I've always said that I wanna try to tackle him from behind. Yeah. Just because like, obviously he's gonna be going, but I don't know if I'd be able to make it in time. Dude, honestly, what you should do, and I don't know why catchers don't do this, like, just let him like kind of run and just trip him, because that would be so like, how embarrassing is that? If you get Yeah. If you just throw your foot and like, the guy can't get, he can't, you can't get up from a trip and still be as mad because you're now just embarrassed about falling on your face.


Yeah. I don't know what his next move would be. Would he continue to go? Do I trip him Again? Didn't have your pitcher ready to trip him back? Do I just tackle him to sit on him? Yeah. Sit On him. Yeah. I don't know. I, I've always imagined in my head I would just try to tackle him before he gets there. But Think about the trip. What you do is, Yeah, you wait for him to run and then when the, you know, the back leg goes out, you just kick that leg side and then it hits their other leg falls Out. That's embarrassing. As, as embarrassing gets, They might even just laugh. Yeah. They might even realize how silly this whole thing is and be like, like it was pretty funny. I don't know if they'd be laughing. Yeah. Do you talk They get double embarrassed. Yeah. Do you talk to the guys in the batter's box? Yeah. Some guys, some guys are real chatty in there. Really? Some Guys are like pitch to pitch or just, just when they Yeah.


Oh, Really? Pitch to pitch. Yeah. The, what are they talking about? Depending on the day, you know, some guys, like I said, real chirpy, real, you know, real funny in the box. Like to, you know, either make fun of themselves or, you know, talk about something, what pitch they think is coming next or, and some guys, you know, it's, it's once they say hey, they don't, they don't say anything else against focus. Yeah. Kinda locked in. You know, Nathaniel Lowe for the Nationals, he's one he loves, loves the chirp, loves, loves the chat. And every single time he comes up he's like, all right. You know where I like it. I say, all right, here it comes right on the middle. Yeah. Are you allowed to talk when they're about to swing?


Oh yeah. It's, it's do name do. Yeah. I mean, some people, like some people will be talking as the guy's coming in his windup and everything and I'm just like, all right, if you, if you wanna chat, we'll chat. Do you have A, I'll get in your head. Is it like game respect game when another, another catcher steps up? You guys had like share professional courtesy? Yeah. I mean, I think it's pretty much across the league now. You know, everybody, it's just known you, you say hey to both the ump and the catcher now. So Yeah. So I think some younger guys don't just 'cause they don't know when they come up rookies, they're just like quiet and they keep their head down and they don't want to, which is a good thing. But Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's pretty much common courtesy now. A lot of, a lot of guys will like tap the Yeah.


Give you a little love tap. You know? I remember Brandon Phillips did that to I, and they got in a fight. Yeah. So, yeah. Some guys, it just depends on the guy. So, so you're growing up, your dad was a coach. Did he coach you throughout like all your, literally, 'cause he was a, a real coach. Like he coached college, right? Yeah, he Was a college coach. So, so did he coach you any of your teams or No? No, he didn't. He was always coaching college, so Yeah. He was not my coach. There was like, there was one or two years in high school when he finished up. He, he did some stuff, but yeah, no, he was, I was always with him at the field. Yeah, at the, yeah, That's the perfect coach's son. 'cause you don't, you, he's not coaching your actual team. So people can't be like, this guy's just getting preferential treatment.


But he also is coaching you All the other times, not the, not the shortstop hitting third. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Yeah. Like, is this guy good or is he just the coach's son? So you had it, you had it, mate. There's a lot of those. Yeah, especially nowadays there's like five, there's like five coaches on the team and Yeah, they're all, their kids are hitting first five in the order. It's like, come on now. All playing infield. Yeah. So you won the platinum glove award. That's pretty cool. Yeah. And that's when you got your gold, did you get the gold glove first or the platinum glove? Gold and then platinum. Did You think that there was a chance you could get platinum last year? I mean, no, not, I mean, you, I was just happy to win the gold. Right. And then, you know, they announced that at the, at the award, at the banquet.


So I didn't think I was gonna win that and wasn't in my mind. And it, it was kind of a cool little thing I didn't, didn't know I could do, honestly. Yeah. Do you keep 'em in the same place in your house? They are in my locker right now. Oh. Yeah. They were presented to me this year. So they presented to me at like one of the first games a year. So right now they're in the top of my locker. I gotta gotta find out where we're going. It's Kind of a flex. I kind of like that. Yeah. Yeah. So when the reporters come in, they see it. Well this is on top. It's not, oh, You gotta get it visible. Just let 'em know. Like, this is who you're talking. I think it's even, it's a little bit cooler that you have 'em where nobody can see 'em. It's like Yeah, they Just in a box up there. Yeah, They're in. Wait, so they're not even displayed. They're just, They're not even displayed. They're just, They're in a box.


They're sitting in a box right now. Yeah. I would put the platinum in my foyer to my house. Like the first thing that somebody sees when they walk in, In like the plastic case. Yeah. Yeah. That's the platinum glove. I'm the best in the world. Yeah. Where would you put the gold? Probably in the bathroom, right? Yeah. Like if you got the platinum. No, you don't want anybody to see the gold because it's a major downgrade. It's like disappointing to see the gold. I know. You can't live up to it anymore. Yeah. Yeah. When you played at Florida State, you guys went to Omaha. Did Jamis Winston ever give you guys a pop-up speech? No. I wish. Oh, it been great, right? Yeah. How awesome Omaha is. Like, every year of the college World Series is like, I, it kind of sneak up on me and then I, I get, I tune into the games, like, this is the best. And like, was it, was it just an awesome experience being in Omaha?


Yeah, It was awesome. Yeah. Yeah, it was, I mean, for college baseball, you know, and the, you know, the kids like, that's, that's all they wanna do is to go to Omaha. So it's like, it's the thing. Yeah. And getting to go, you know, it's kind of like a bucket list thing. It's like, check that box. Like that's one of the cooler things. Yeah. I'd say, you know? And then obviously getting to the big leagues pretty cool too, but you know, that's kind of like the peak for, for when you're in college. It's like the one thing you wanna do. Was it hard going from metal to wood? Like was there an adjustment? Not really. Really? No. I mean, I actually kinda liked it better because when you got to pro ball, you get to pick you, there were so many different things you could do to your back.


You could modify it, you could pick top heavy, like, versus like college, you know, it's basically like, here's the metal bat that you get. Yeah. There's no, there's no changing it. It's, you get what you get. So I thought it was kind of cool. Yeah. What's your bat like now? I'm actually a, I'm a torpedo guy. Oh, you are? Oh, you are? I'm a torpedo guy. So, So what's the d with? So you've been cheating. Yeah. What's the difference? Like, wait, the first time you swung it, could you immediately tell like, yeah, this is, this is gonna be my baby? No, I, it was, I mean, really for anybody, any baseball guy, it's, they pick it up one time, they use it and it works and they're like, oh, this is what I'm gonna use. So Rowling sent me a couple torpedoes and I picked it up one game against the Rangers, like third at bat, I think I struck out or something.


The first two at bats picked it up, hit a home run, never went back. So the, it just looks funky you know, you see the Yeah, yeah. The end, how it tapers off. And, but no, I mean, it feels, it feels kind of normal. You don't really feel the difference. But just looking at it, you're like, that's, that's kind of weird. It's weird. Yeah. What, is there a certain player as a catcher where their like, ball on bat just sounds totally different than everyone else? Yeah. There's some guys that with the bass speed, I mean, ani, you know, You could just, you, it just sounds like just a completely different Sport almost. Yeah. It's like when he swings, it sounds like a, like an airplane taking off Jesus. Yeah. With the bass speed, there's a few guy Jorge sale.


Yeah. He hit that big home run a couple years ago with the Braves Yeah. In the World Series. Yeah. He swings the back extremely hard. You're actually a little nervous back there with how hard he's swinging. Yeah. Because it's just like, I mean, if he connects it's, there's no no getting the ball back. Yeah. You know? Yeah. It's, it's scary. You know, I'd say Bryce Harper had that as well. That kind of different sound, different swing Judge is just so big and so strong that he can mishit it and still Yeah. It's crazy. It still goes out. You know, he's, he's just a, he's a different animal And actually is like, it's actually cheating how tall he is. He should not be eligible for mvp. He's a beast. Yeah. But you, I mean, you, you are the MVP.


He's, I mean, he's Different though. And just so we're clear, if Aaron Judge ever comes on this show, we will tell him he's the MVP and Cal Row think Is actually Cheating. 'cause He's ding no, I'm gonna say End using torpedo bats. Yeah. I'm gonna say that Aaron, by being on the Yankees, they use torpedo bats, so he's technically a cheater. He gets better pitches to hit. We're Cal rowing guys. Yeah. That was nice when the torpedo bat story broke because everybody was like, the Yankees are all cheating. Yeah. And you were just like, oh, I hope nobody mentions me. And Then everyone forgot about it. Yeah. Yeah. No, nobody, nobody cares about Seattle there, you know, it is too Far away. It's a good sports town though, right? I love it. Yeah. It's awesome. The only thing I would say is like, it would be nice if you played in a, a more of a hitter's ballpark. Yeah. Yeah. Not, not a great hitter's ballpark.


Yeah. That and the East Coast, you know, you just don't get as much love out in Seattle. So it's, it's nice when, when people notice, you know, the, the, the West Coast team and The stadium's awesome. Yeah. Oh, it's great. It's, I mean, the fans are awesome. It's a great sports city. Like you, like we were talking about, you know, all the teams, they show up really well, like I said, pretty much, you know, when they're there, it's, it's packed house. So Yeah. It's, it's fun, fun, fun to play in. It Might be a dumb question, but one thing that I love about Seattle and the ballpark, especially great food in the ballpark out there as a player, do you ever get to eat the ballpark food?


No, not really. I mean, you get, I guess you can have people bring you stuff like clubby and stuff if you really wanna try something. Yeah. Like they had a, they had a cow zone a couple years ago, like a cow play on plant. So they brought me a few, I tried 'em. Oh hell yes. They got a bunch of different food though. I mean, they got crickets out there too. Yeah, they Do. Crickets. And they got, they're always introducing, they got, was it the little, little dumpers little dumplings? Look At that. They got little, little dumplings this year or something. They should make a big dumper sundae. Just a giant chocolate sundae. I could, I could get behind that. Yeah. The Big Dumper is such a great nickname. It is.


It's fucking awesome. It's, I mean, I, I read That your parents don't exactly love it. I mean, you know. Yeah. I don't think your mom would, would Like blame her dumper. Right. It's your gene. You gave me the big dumper. I know. You know. So I don't think, like I said, I don't think that's what, that's what comes to mind when, when mom's thinking of our Little boy cow. He's the big dumper. My little, my little baby. He poop big dumper. He poo He poo-pooed all over that paw poo-pooed twice tonight. He's, he's, He's 28 years old called the Big Dumper. Yeah. You Pay a lot of attention to, like, you were talking about pat speed earlier as a catcher, do you pay a lot of attention to like, all the metrics from all the players? Or are you just like, I can't, I I can't analyze things that much.


No, I, yeah, you don't want, you don't wanna get too deep in the weeds. You know, it's like, you know, you can, you can really get in depth now with all the analytics and all the, you know, stats and everything that's out there, but at the end of the day, you're still playing baseball and, you know, you gotta keep it simple like that sometimes. Yeah. What About as a hitter? Do you pay attention to, like how far in front of the ball you're hitting, angle, bat speed, all that stuff? Not really. Not unless something is really glaring and like, you know, something has changed just 'cause it's such a long season. You know, your body can change your stance, you know, like, oh hey, like this is, you know, you were this far open earlier in the air and now you've closed yourself off, or vice versa.


Like, things like that. Like, and usually that'll be a gradual thing over time. And so like, some people will, it's more of like a coach's job to bring that to you. Be like, Hey, like this is where you're at. Yeah, yeah. You know, you, you've fallen off a little bit. Let's get you back to this, to what you were doing. So How, how fast can you throw, because catchers don't get enough credit for being able to throw really fucking fast. I was, I, I don't think I, I don't think my arms ever been my, my calling card. So, I Mean, you're throwing guys out. I was Is that your, is that your, that's just your pop? Yeah, I'd say my transfers are, are decently quick. I got pretty good footwork, so it kind of makes up for my arm. I was always, I was a submarine guy. I was like a Oh really?


Yeah, in high school I was throwing side arm. How Fast were you throwing? Oh, like 70 Poo. Yeah. I was just throwing strikes in there, just so, yeah. I was like just doing that and then catching him calling. So, yeah. Have you ever called a, a really embarrassing pitch out and the guy's not stealing at all? Yeah, but I wouldn't say it's too embarrassing. It's not one of those things. Yeah. There's definitely a lot more embarrassing things that can happen. What's the most embarrassing thing that could Happen? One time I, I threw, well, I guess there was one time the guy didn't steal, steal and I still threw it a second. I thought he took off. It was like a fake steal and I was kind of blocked by the lefty, so, and I threw it and nobody was there, so I just went into the outfield.


No, he didn't advance luckily. But, and then another time in college I threw down, kind of slipped a little bit my front foot and then hit the pitcher right in the right in the ass. Oh yeah. Like, and he was squatted down too, so it wasn't even close. Yeah. It was like, I didn't hit him in the head You saw the other day. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. Hit him in the head, but yeah. Hit this guy right, right in the butt. So that was, that was kinda of embarrassing. Yeah. What about If you're throwing a third base? It's a right-handed batter. You ever come close to hitting A guy? Yeah, sometimes it Looks like it gets pretty Close. Yeah. I've hit the bat. No, I actually, I've hit the, I've hit the helmet of somebody and the guy scored one time. Oh yeah, yeah. He's it ricocheted. And it hit him in the helmet and it went all the way to the dugout and it, the guy scored from second, so that was, that was embarrassing.


I was in college though. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of embarrassing things in college actually. So, yeah. I mean, you guys were good though. You gotta learn. Yeah. Gotta learn somewhere. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, I got one last question. This has been awesome. Cal. You are our MVP. We're gonna, we're gonna keep pumping up your numbers all year. Appreciate that.


The Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com. Promo code take.


I'll finish with another dumb question. 'cause like, I think you might be the first catcher we've had on, we had Johnny Bench on like nine years ago. Did we? I don't know if we've had a catcher since. So there's a lot of dumb catcher questions. That's a good one. Apologize for that Johnny Bench, but dumb catcher question. I know that like, if you are, if you're in the dugout and you're putting on your gear and then you have to take it off, it means that obviously there's been some hits that you didn't expect. But is there a small part of you like, this is bullshit, I gotta take it all off again. Yeah, I mean, you, you kinda like learn like when to take it off and when to put it on. So, yeah. Do You have someone who puts it on for you? No.


No. Oh, you should get someone to do the, Just do the legs at least like a NASCAR, like the Yeah. The crew pit or, yeah. But I would imagine it would suck if you took put it all on, take it all off and then end the inning in the, in the OnDeck circle. Yeah. Well it Sometimes you keep on the legs in the OnDeck circle. No. So that's not a, that's not a pro ball thing. I learned that real quick. Oh. It's one of those like things that nobody tells you before and then you go do it and then they yell at you. Or they're like, you look stupid out there with your shin guards on. And then it's just one of those things that you do it all through your whole life. Right, right. The catchers, you're like on deck and then you take 'em off and then you get the pro ball and you do that and everybody's like, you look like an idiot.


You take those off. No, you gotta get ready to hit. So yeah, sometimes I'll look stupid and dug out the, like, I'll put, I'll take one off, be like, I'm like halfway in, halfway out, just in case. 'cause you don't wanna take it all off or, yeah, just being lazy, right? Yeah, You can, but you can never, like, you can never just relax in the dugout, huh? Yeah. You're constantly doing something. Yeah. Talking to the pitcher, pitching coach, getting ready to hit. Especially now with the pitch, the pitch clock has made everything so fast. Yeah. Is that, do you like it as a catcher? It's nice for the endgame stuff because like, things are going and like, you know, those four or five hour games are not happening anymore. Yeah. They don't exist. Yeah. Yeah. People are, you know, it was getting really long with all the pitching changes and now with all the, you know, advanced stuff with that people have.


So it was getting a little long, but there's not a lot of time in the dugout. It's like, I don't get time to, you know, go grab water. Just dly around. It's like, you got, you gotta get ready. Right, right. So it's almost too quick sometimes, especially if you're leading off, you gotta take it off, get ready, put everything on, you know, you gotta have all the, yeah. Got Evo Shields now. So, Oh, oh, do. This one just popped in my head too. Do you, when when the manager comes out to pull a pitcher, do you ever play like, good cop being like, ah, we shouldn't, knowing that he's gonna get pulled anyway. Just trying to have your pitchers back? Sometimes I, I shake, I shake my head, you know. Yeah. Just let him know like, Hey, I, it's not me that's doing this. Hey man, I'm, I'm there for you. Yeah. Right. You would've gotten this guy out.


I would've kept you in. I could, I could do back cop backup though. Yeah. Yeah. Could go out there and get into him too. Yeah. Just Like, dude, you suck. Get outta here. No, sometimes you know, you, you gotta give 'em that little affirmation. Hey man, I, I wouldn't have done that. Yeah. Yeah. Start saying that all the time. I do like the idea though. You having a NASCAR team, not just one guy, but like four guys that just roll up behind you, put all your shit on in like five seconds. It should be the starters that aren't so Yeah. Yeah. Five starters in rotation. So it should be the other four. Yeah. Yeah. Strap me up boys. Yeah. Yeah. Let's it go. How, how awesome is ding though, when you have a day where you can just chill and just hit It's almost, it's almost too, too chill sometimes. Really? Yeah. It's like, well, as a catcher, you're in every single play you're doing, you're doing the most, you know Yeah.


The ball. Yeah. You're touching the ball. Every single play, You're always involved. Your mind's always going. You're, and then you get to DH and you're like, I don't know what to do with myself. Right. And like you're talking to guys that you normally wouldn't talk to in the dugout, like during the game or you, you're doing, you eating snacks, you, you know, you don't want to really do it yourself. So you're just sitting there and kinda just twi in your thumbs sometimes. Yeah. So almost, almost in a reverse way. It could, could be. Some guys have trouble ding. 'cause they, they don't know what to do themselves. They get bored. Yeah. I mean, some guys, it's been a thing in the past. They're like, I need to play the field. But being a catcher, you have to, you have to have a few deviations. So, yeah. I got, I got one last maybe dumb question. I know that catchers don't always catch the first pitches that get thrown out, but I imagine that you've caught a lot of 'em.


Is there one guy that has the best first pitch? I mean, Etro, right? Yeah. He threw like, I think he hit like 91 a couple years ago. That's awesome. Right down the middle. I mean, his, his first pitch is elite. I mean, that's a good one. So, Yeah. Did he tell you like, Hey, I'm, I'm gonna throw this one. Yeah, No, I think he kinda keeps it plays it close to the chest. Yeah. Yeah. He doesn't, you know, he's pretty, he likes, you know, staying a little quiet, you know. Would You be down for our dumb baseball rule where the first pitch should count? You wanna to get a batter in there? Yeah. Oh yeah. So it's like all you want to bring out 50 cent to throw first pitch. It's gonna count. What about you are gonna need a L screen out there for somebody though?


No. No. It's your first pitch. You can get hit right back to you. Oh boy. It sounds like you're not ready for that. But it would be sick. Like imagine if, if like in the playoffs or like Yeah, we're bringing out this guy for first pitch, like a legend and he he can still throw it. No one, Ryan. Yeah. Right, Right. That'd be kind Of cool. Yeah, Right. Just, just suit him up. Right. I think. Yeah. He threw out a really good one a couple years ago. Yeah. 50 cent would actually be not the worst option. No, because he's gonna throw a ball. Right. And who cares? There's nobody On base. Yeah. You wouldn't want, you wouldn't want somebody throwing a meatball in there. Yeah. Yeah. Think about it. Pretty fun. Randy Johnson, get It back out there. There you do. Who? The Mets have grimace. Yeah. Yeah. Grimace out there. Yeah. Grimace throwing the first pitch.


It'll be sick. Oh, I, I just thought one more question about catching. Is there a, a, a baseball field that is actually like a ballpark that is the easiest and then the hardest to catch in based on what's beyond the pitcher, what's out in center field? Yeah, there's some tough ones with shadows, let's say. Oh, And also the foul, I mean the a's obviously when they were still in Oakland, the foul ball territory was insane. Yeah. Sneaky though. I think people missed that stadium though. Really? I loved playing there. I mean, obviously you had no fans, but you almost felt like you were, you know, back in high school or playing travel ball again. Like Yeah, it was kind of a cool experience. Like nobody's there. Dugouts are wide open.


I was like, I love this. This is a lot of fun. Is COVID back right now? What's Yeah, I know, right? Yeah. But, but the Sacramento was tough to see and Yeah, that, that, 'cause it's new and Tampa Bay, obviously they're not there. They had the hurricane, but they had a white roof. So like any pop flies that go up, I'm like, like what? Who, who designed this? Yeah. Why? Why would this ever be a thing? Yeah. So I never, I never really understood that. But yeah, any place with like shadows when you get those like four o'clock games and now all the stadiums, you know, they're really tall and they got shadows that go through guys. Guys hate four o'clock games. Yeah. And like with TV sometimes, you know, TV takes precedent and it kind of runs everything.


So you get those. They're gonna be tough days to hit and tough days to see as a catcher. Yeah. All right, well Cal, thank you big dumper. Appreciate you stopping by man. This was a lot of fun and we're rooting for you the rest of the year. Thanks Guys. Appreciate it.


MVP, the big dumper was brought to you by Experian. We're gonna take a moment to talk about BFF's Big Cat. Who's your BFF on this pod? That would be Hank. He's back. Hank who's your BFF on this pod? I'm gonna have to go with Philly. The kid memes. Okay. I love that. Memes. Who's your BFF? I'm gonna go Zach. That's nice. Zach, who's your B fff? We With PFT Bff. Thanks Zach. Appreciate that. Max, who's your BFF on the pod? I Was gonna go with PFT today as Well. Wow, that's huge. I'm gonna go with Big Cat 'cause nobody else picked Big Cat yet. Thank you. And that's sad. No one picked Me either, so whatever. That's true. I forgot about that. Yeah, it's okay. So we're all BFFs here on this pod for the most part except for Max. But there's one BFF who always looks out for you. Introducing your big financial friend Experian. Experian has a bunch of legit ways to help you save and get this. The Experian app lets you check your FCO score and a bunch more totally B fff kind of things to help you manage your finances. But your other BFFs can't do all that. Huh? Experian is here to support you in making smart financial decisions and maximize your financial potential. Get started by downloading the Experian app today at no cost. And let your big financial friend help you take control of your financial future. Get started by downloading the Experian app today.


Big Dumper was also brought to you by a great friends at NASCAR. That's right. NASCAR is taking over Chicago. Guys, nothing like seeing NASCAR roar through the streets of downtown Chicago. A race experience unlike any other. Check the stars of NASCAR as they take a one of a kind street course surrounded by skyscrapers and lakefront views. 40 drivers, including Chase Elliot and Denny Hamlin, our buddy Denny Hamlin battling it out on the most unique track of the season. The energy is electric race day. Adrenaline meets festival vibes in the heart of the city. Don't miss Zach Brown Band Live from the start slash finish line. Saturday night part of the Bush Light Summer music series. This is more than a race. It's Chicago's ultimate summer weekend. Get your tickets now before they're gone. NASCAR takes over Chicago street racing skyline views, music and more. Get your tickets now at NASCAR dot com for the ultimate summer weekend. This is the year It's not gonna rain this year, right? We're gonna get you a beautiful race for the NASCAR summer weekend. Check it out. The most unique course of the year street racing baby NASCAR takes over Chicago. Get your tickets now at NASCAR dot com.


Okay. We're wrapping up the show, Hank. Yeah. We missed the fuck outta you Man. I miss you guys too. I miss you so much. So for people Who, who didn't see PFT and I, we didn't really want to announce this, but we ended up having to announce it 'cause everyone's gonna be like, where's Hank? We paid for him, his dad, his brother and his brother-in-law. All expense trip to Pebble Beach And Spyglass Spyglass played what, three rounds? Two rounds. Two Rounds. Pebble Beach and Spyglass. But A whole weekend in Carmel told him tip 60% on the tabs. We got it. How was it? It was even better than going into it. I had, my expectations were through the roof.


It, it really was a magical experience. The, we stayed at the Inn in Spanish Bay. Beautiful. Beautiful hotel resort, you know, spa, right on the Spanish Bay golf course. Why'd you tell us where you stayed when we booked It? Phenomenal restaurant. So I'm telling the viewers. Oh, okay. Yeah. Spanish Bay. Unbelievable golf course. Hit two birdies in a row. I don't think I've ever done that in my life. Woo. Yep. Shot a a 42 on the front. Thought I was gonna break my pr. Completely imploded on the back. You guys would've enjoyed it. Yeah. Not me. Still broke 90, which is, which is, you know, huge. Huge. And then Pebble Beach was, you know, obviously, you know, 6 7 18.


But the course, it truly was like the entire time you're just looking around like this is not a real place. Yeah. Like I cannot believe that we're playing golf in this setting. You Mentioned the spa. Did you go to the spa? Yeah, there's like a little gym like we went in, you know. Oh good. It was, it was, it's part of the hotel. Yeah. Yeah. Just went in the gym, went in the steam room. Hot tub pool. But yeah, pebble Beach was, was, it was, and obviously getting to spend the time with my dad, brother, brother-in-law was, it was, it was incredible. Probably two of the best days of my life. Really? Yeah. And how many times when you were out there were you like, God, damnit thanks so much. Pft BI mean, the, the craziest part, like shout a tarp, a WL works at Pebble Beach.


And, and he met us on the first tee and, and he told us, 'cause I'm guessing that's who you're communicating with, but wait Time out. Did someone fart in there? Who farted? They Just, max. Why do you It Zach, he Gas masked you And like absolutely horrendous fart back Here In the middle of his, his fucking pebble beach. Talk me. It's so bad. Was it memes? It's so bad. Yes. Oh, Zach looks like he's gonna cry and, And this, this booth is just like a dungeon of I'm, I'm gonna smell Hank by time on hold Hank. Bye. Time. Bye time. Alright, so it was, it was, it was, I, I got off, I started the, the first round at, at Spanish Bay, double bogey, second hole, triple bogey, third hole.


And, and, and my tee shot in second hole was just a complete duck hole. It went away. It wasn't even close. Third hole stepped up, hit a par. And then the fourth hole, I had a nice, wow. That's awesome. Christ Mini driver, 54 degree wedge. Hit a eight footer. And then on a par three I hit like a 30 foot side. Can we go back to Max? Back to back victory Story. It was phenomenal. Alright. I bought some time. Alright. Okay. So, so what were you say about tarp? Tarp? Yeah. So he is a WA works at Pebble. Yeah. It's our guy. That's your guy. He came out Well we, we asked him to hook You up and he came out and he was like, yeah, Big Cat and PFT. Like they, they, you know, enjoy doing this so much. Like it's gonna be an annual trip. And I, I almost cried. I was, I was ready to cry. That tart event. Tar said that that, that I think, I think tar, I think tarp is So much and like, I think TAR Is Paid on commission to do this all the time.


Is is it's it's an unbelievable annual tradition that you guys have started. And I just, I cannot thank you enough. I think, I think TARP is trying to make some money Gets I, I just, I'm just, I was just reporting what he said to us. Annual trip. That's what he said on us. That's what he said. I Actually said crap. I can't argue with that. So I'm, I'm reading my dms And We did do that. We're fucking awesome like that. You Guys We're so sick. Thank You guys. I'm reading my dms with TARP right now where I did say we would like to make this an annual trip if Hank can break 90 And I did it Spanish play. What'd you shoot at Pebble Beach? I shot at 95. Oh. Oh Fuck. So he said that to you before you Teed off.


Right? Three. I also skulled my, my two shot over seventh Green. But sorry. Cool. Let me hear more about your golf round. Are you brought back gifts? I Did bring back Gifts. Why did you bring gifts? We gave you The gift. I know, but I, I just, for that Part, that was part of the budget. I gave him money For gifts. I felt, you know, I felt, and that's kind of like, it's a fun new tradition on the podcast. Shane Max so Big Cat. I know. You know. Wait, Whoa. Did you gimme a pope? I, I feel felt bad about the Pope And then Max got you the aloha. They did not have a pope but they did have this little pebble beach golf cart figurine. That's so cool. Go nice right on the shelf. Oh man. That's exactly What I wanted. Right next to my broken pope.


Where's my pope? Where the fuck did my pope go? Every time I get a gift, I forget. I don't have my pope anymore. I took it out. I found it. I thought I put it back on his desk. Shane stole it. It's on his desk. Oh, Shane. Shane stole. Get it the Pope back. Get the Pope back. Go get the Pope. Get the Pope back. Yeah. Go get the Pope. Go get the Pope. I got a little figurine. He's a thief. People are gonna be like, holy shit. If you traveled everywhere, you'd be like Yeah. Is that the Pope Popemobile? I funny. Shane went to Italy. Yeah, it's the Popemobile. We paid for Shane's Italy trip too. And Max's Hawaii trip. PFT again, this was, we're we're boys now we're, we're we're in lockstep. And I know, I think that was the last time or a couple times ago And we were golfing. I was giving you a lot of shit for, for your belt.


Yeah, we were wearing like a, a formal belt on the golf course. Yeah. I didn't have a golf belt. And so Hank was like, dude, what is this guy doing? Going on to the course golf? They were golf belts. Oh yeah. And they cost like $70. I'm not buying it. I'm not wearing a golf belt. Oh, a golf belt. I got PFTA Pebble Beach golf belt. Maybe that, That Might be what's been holding me back though. Wait, but is not Having a golf belt. But PF T's never been to Pebble Beach. But you did send someone, I did send someone that you can tell, you can tell everyone. Yeah. Yeah. It's not stolen valor. I'm like, yeah, it wasn't for me. It's kinda like, you know, when you, when you pay for pay for somebody else, you get to take some honor in that. Let's see, Hank, this feels like it might be a little bit big. Lemme see. I kind of had to guess. I, I, I tried it on myself and it, it was gonna fit me so I figured it would fit you.


Look at this. Oh, the clubs come out. Wow. Of the golf cart. Yeah, You can kind pick 'em up a little. Alright, so it's going right next to my Hawaiian chick and my broken pope Like this let's a pretty good fit Hank. So this is for tying all my clubs together, right? Yeah, I can use that. All right. Look At all the places I've been guys. Oh shit. I just broke the Hawaii girl Memes for memes. Oh, Did you get him a boo mug Coffee guy? No boo mug. But I got him a nice spy glass hill coffee mug. Love it. Adding to the collection. Nice. Pug is not here, but he's presidential.


He is always, you know, congrats To pug. Got married, Signing things, documents. I got him a nice pebble beach Pen Ball point pen. Wow. Very smooth. Shane. I know Shane's always here hooping, playing games, doing stuff with balls. I got him this pebble beach inflatable golf ball thing. What? I like that. But it's not inflated. I couldn't find a pump here. There's there's a pump in his office somewhere. Shane will find it. And he Loves playing with balls too. Loves, loves playing with Balls. That's like those, the tennis balls that they have at the majors. Yeah. Except it I like that. Yeah. I like anytime you can get a giant novelty ball. I'm in Jack. I don't know if he's in there. No, he's he's a wild card. Yeah.


We don't, we don't know what's coming next with him. So I got him a nice pebble beach deck of cards. Deck of cards. That's good. Nice. Nice. Max. Wait, where's Max? Max? I know sometimes you know, you struggle with your breath so I got you some nice pebble beach breaths. Pebble beach breath Man, I struggle with my breath. I, I struggle with your breath. I thought you meant like catching it. Oh Wow. Okay. Thank you. You got my pebble beach inhaler. Don't worry, I'm not calling you fat. I'm just saying your breath smells. Yeah. Thank you. And then Zach cream team, you know you're dealing with, with ice cream cold.


So I went ahead. I got you a nice pebble beach winter jacket. Seriously? Wow. Yeah. Let's see it. That's nice. Holy shit. That's a nice, that's really nice. I Got fucking mince Zach. Come put this jacket on. That's awesome man. Thank you so much for the gift tank. Yeah, Let's see it. There was a clear hierarchy of these gifts here. No, What you talking about? What do you mean? I just went for what? Felt like it fit their, it Ranged Personality From Winter coat. Did you see my little $75 belt? No. Did you see my golf cart? It Is probably more than 75 bucks. I see my golf cart. It's sick dude. I got mints. I got a golf cart.


A little figurine golf Cart. You know what, you know what? You're right Max. I got you also this zippo lighter with no lighter fluid in it's Oh, That's honestly, wait. That's Nice. You Wanted to keep that, that was for yourself. Is that, is that so he could do flame throws with his breath? Yeah. Wow. Zach. Zach's good. Looks, Looks great. It looks really good. What a great handshake from Zach right there. Thank you very much. I know Hank didn't take his hat off. Bad golf etiquette. I Love my mints honestly. Do you? Yeah. I'm, I'm I I was meaning, I was meaning to go get myself a nice pair of mint. Yeah. You covered, needed that. All the controversial topics. Morgan Wallen mince. Well that was a good way to bring up his breath.


'cause we've been meeting to do that And we needed to do that. It was helpful point. I felt that was perfect way. I was looking around know I was, I was looking for the knickknacks and I was like, oh No, max is definitely, That was good. No, this is my, My favorite part about it's that Hank put a lot of thought into all these gifts. Yeah. Like he really tell threw the person that he's getting this is is. Which is really nice. It shows that he's a thoughtful gift giver. If I had to guess so Hank bought a coat for Zach, bought a belt for PFT and then when checking out, got all of the other Yeah, It's like Right next to the register. Yes. We're all registered gifts. They had a great knickknack though. Yeah. Yeah. Zach, you look official in that coat. I Feel Official. Yeah, I think, I think we all, I was just like, I'm gonna get Zach the most expensive.


Yeah. I think we all gotta get Zach jackets from every vacation we go on. Yeah. We can set up like a, we could share this one And we can set like Monday, Wednesday, Friday. Okay. You know, like I'd like to wear it tomorrow. Yeah. If you, if anyone's got like a golf thing going on, we just, Yeah. Also if anyone wants a, a Spanish Bay Key chain, Head cover, Key chain. That's you. I didn't play there though. Yeah, But you need, need to let everyone know that you like golf. 'cause god forbid someone doesn't want to talk about the skull that you had on seven or Yeah. The birdie you had on six or Back to back Birdies. The mini to birdies. The mini driver. You hit Mini driver 54 degree wedge. Wow. Eight footer up the Hill. Incredible.


Isn't That the name of the chick that was in Goodwill Hunting? Mini driver. Mini Cooper Mini. I think Her name was Mini driver. Yeah, Mini driver. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Smoke. Hank did you win? Yeah. You were better than your brother. Brother-in-law and dad. Yeah. I mean we weren't really like playing all that competitive so you didn't win And we were having a good time. You didn't win. I scored the best You did. That Would be a win Every single time. Yeah. Wow. Turns out they all have my, my dad, my dad's only, my dad doesn't really golf. He's like, I've played Pebble Beach like 10 times in the last 10 years. That's sick. The most. These tickets. My home course. What a Flex. And my brother and brother-in-law both have young kids so they don't get to golf as much.


Yeah. But you But me. I'm, I'm representing. Yeah. What a g what a trip. What A trip. Triple lifetime it was. I truly, I truly cannot thank you guys enough. You're welcome. And yeah, I mean I can't wait for next year. Yeah. Well Be great. He shot 94. I just was going off with tarp. Told me. Yeah. I mean that's our boy tarp. We, We got it all together with Tarp. Okay. Good. Show Boys. Mount Rushmore season starts on Wednesday. I think we're gonna do some draft stuff with Illa. Got some good interviews coming. And we are, I, I've seen some people ask, we will be having Ryan Whitney on in person hopefully for Friday because I I was gonna go to Edmonton.


Yeah. And we'd like to talk to him about everything. 'cause he's a broken man. Okay. Number 3 99. Oh, who got three first? I think I did 50. You got it. Okay. You know what Hank you can have it. No, you Take it. No, you take it. Want You still doing the nine, nine thing. Memes. We'll take it. Okay, I'll take it. Got it. Six. We got it. Yeah. Nine. Nine. Memes. I will take five. Birdie on five. Oh yeah. Who could forget when Pug comes back? Are you, are you still gonna try and take 99? Yeah.


It'll be a wedding gift for him. For me to have it. There'll be rides to do that. What did you take Max six? I'll take, I just gotta get a win. 75 And Zach, what are you I'll got 27. Wait, do we have a first lady at the pod now that the president got married? 21. It's crazy. Come on. Three. Come on. 27. 13. Oh, I didn't see the one. 13. I thought that was a three. So bad. I thought it was three too. Oh, 13.


That would've been awesome if it was three man. 379 days. Still I catch rank. That's crazy. That is crazy. Love you guys.