
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon My Take. Super Bowl 59. The Philadelphia Eagles are Super Bowl champs, And we break down the game and have our good friend Max and r and Pug live from New Orleans to give us a recap of what they just witnessed as they completely demolished the Kansas City Chiefs and Patrick Mahomes. We also get Bonus Max, actually all the boys doing some Shoeys Outta Max's boot.


Very, very funny and end to the football season. And then we have who's back as well. We're gonna start with Fastest two minutes and


we're brought to you by our friends at DraftKings who's scoring big in the NBA this season. You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA. DraftKings is the home of NBA player prop. So you can get behind your favorite players any which way from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking an NBA player prop. Here's something special for first timers, new DraftKings customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets. Instantly take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings SPORTSBOOK app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. I love guys who like football and guys who like football. They like me back and I like them back. And even guys that don't like football mean they try to avoid me because I'm always trying to get them to like football, Football, football. Welcome to part of my take, presented by DraftKings. Take it to the Rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use code take.


That's code take for new customers. Get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is Monday, February 10th and it's Super Bowl Sunday. Woo. The big game for all the marvel. Some spread. We start in New Orleans where Mahomes was trying to strike a chord. But this isn't the Niners. The Chief's QB sneak defense held up well against the bills last week, but the Eagles said they not like us as they opened the scoring with a Jalen Hurtz.


So good touchdown. Cooper Deje is not a brother, he's just a guy who plays like a coach is son. DEI has been undone as he returned an interception for a touchdown and the route was officially on. AJ Brown showed his inner excellence scoring late in the second after Padre Mahomes suffered back to back unforced errors and it was 24 oh birds heading into half with Kendrick Lamar's chance to shine. The second half picked up where the first half left off as Devonte Smith and Wesson scored on a quick strike out of a pistol proving Jalen Hurtz has a secret son and his name is Patrick Mahomes because the Kansas City offense headed an unexpected visit from Brandon.


Meet the Grahams as the Eagles D-line continued to bring the pressure extending the lead to 34. Nothing. What was it? Too much time on the clock for Patrick Mahomes. As Xavier Wethers original had the ball stick to his hands in the end zone putting the chiefs on the board. No, it was not too much time for Patrick Mahomes unless you count garbage time as the entire city of Philadelphia graced up the poles to shove 'em up the chief's ass and told them, Saquon these nuts. The Philadelphia Eagles are Super Bowl champions as they win 40 to 22. And that was the last final Fastest two minutes of the season.


It's brought to you by our friends at Chevy.


The Fastest two minutes is presented by our good friends at Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability in the Chevy Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a fryer Saturday and Sunday with the truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping trips. DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit, week out west. And recently they helped give us fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man award. Well, the Silverado Trail Bo Boss is built like a fullback. We're talking 495 pounds of torque. Hold onto your sodas Max. Plus the Trail boss gives you an extra two inch lift. So maybe Hank can finally dunk Silverado brings the grit, then pairs it with all the latest truck tech inside and out the result, a truck that can do it all. Then show up on Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail boss chevy.com Chevrolet. Together. Let's drive.


Okay, that's a wrap on the 20 24 5 season. And the Philadelphia Eagles, our Super Bowl champions. Absolute ass kicking of the Kansas City Chiefs stopping history from happening. Holy shit. They dominated that game. They beat the fuck out of the chiefs from the, the opening snap of the game. Mahomes looked very uncomfortable and there was no blitzing happening either. Nope. It was like a 0% blitz rate. But the defensive line for the Eagles, Hey Big Cat. You know what? I know how to beat Mahomes. Yeah. Do you know how to beat him? Yeah, You gotta get pressure with Four. You get pressure with four that it's beat of the game. It is. It's it exactly what Todd Bulls did to Patrick Mahomes in that first Super Bowl where Mahomes lost.


Yeah. Which is, I I said it during the game when the, I think it was like the first or second drive. I was like, this looks like Mahomes in the bun in the 2020 Super Bowl. 'cause he had no time and he wasn't processing anything like he usually does. Yeah. So the chief's offense broke football temporarily when everybody, they weren't running like that deep cover two and their exotic blitzes and shit. And when they had Tyreek Hill and all those fast guys, they were just lighting everyone up. And then Bowles was like, you know what? I blitz all the time. What if I just didn't blitz? Yeah. And we just got pressure on him before roughed him up in the Super Bowl. That's exactly what Vic Fangio did. He did it to a level. So they had, I think there were, I think the stats were 42 drop backs, 16 pressures, six sacks.


They never blitzed. I think there was one blitz that was negated by a penalty in the first half specifically. It was Mahomes had a higher, there was a higher pressure rate by the Eagle's front four than Mahomes completion percentage. Yeah. It was like 46% to 42%. Mahomes in the first half was six for 1433 yards, zero touchdowns, two interceptions in a pick six. And it was, it was just a all out as kicking in the Eagle's. I mean, Jalen hurt Super Bowl, MVP, silence the haters. But it was top to bottom. Like even if you look at the box score, 'cause you'd be like, oh yeah, Mahomes, you know, that was garbage time. That was all garbage time.


It Was out scored him 16 what? 16 to six in the fourth quarter? Yeah. It was thir it when it was 34 to nothing. At the end of the third quarter. Mahomes was nine for 18 for 61 yards and two interceptions. And he added a a fumble after that as well because that's how good the Eagles defense was. It was just a front to back Ass kick. So Big Cat, let me ask you embrace debate. Yeah. Is Patrick Mahomes washed trash or ass? Ooh, what do we Hank? You wanna chime in? I think he's washed. He's washed. He's washed. Okay. He's washed. Yeah. Check down Merchant. Listen, It happens to every quarterback. He check downs. You know, like Father Time is undefeated Pat or Yeah.


For, for Patrick Holmes. And he's looking at that right now. And you know Tom Brady, I think he had a pretty good career. I'd say the second biggest winner out of tonight was Hank Lockwood. Yeah, Hank was, Hank was a little nervous at one point though, because it was, when it was I think 27 to nothing. He was just like, no, there's no way. There's just no way. Yeah. Because if Mahomes had pulled off a 27 nothing comeback for a three-peat, that would've been all time. But it was, it was never a doubt. Like I, I, you know, watching obviously the Chiefs, you're like, okay, they could always come back. But when it, the, the game really turned on Cooper De Jean's pick six, which was incredible play. And then Mahomes threw a pick the next, very next throw. So we had back to back interceptions Zach Bond with the interception badger.


And it was, I don't, I don't know what else to say besides, it was an absolute ass kicking. I never, it never felt like the Chiefs The Chiefs. This is how crazy it was. We were sitting there watching the first play from Scrimmage for the Chiefs was a perfectly designed play that was like a nice misdirection. I can't remember who caught it. My, oh, it was Juju caught an 11 yard pass. First play from scrimmage for the chiefs offense. That was their only first down for the entire first half. That first play. That was it. That it was, that was all she wrote. And the Eagles. And here's the craziest thing about this game. If you had said on Friday, if we had said to Max, who's gonna join us in a second, if we had said to Max Max on Sunday night, we're gonna be recording this show and Saquon Barkley, his stat line is gonna be 25 rushes for 57 yards.


Yeah. Did you win this game? Yeah. And it would be like, I don't know. That's hopefully Jail. And Hertz went not No, no, no. You, you not only won this game, you dominated this game. Yeah. So not, not only Saquon Barkley 57 Rush Yards, also Patrick Mahomes ended up with 257 pass yards, three touchdowns, two picks Hertz with 221 passing yards, two touchdowns, one pick. If you were to look at all that together. Yeah. You'd say Yeah, the Chiefs sounds like the Chiefs won by three points. Yeah. And what what happened was it was just an utter ass kicking by the defensive line for the Philadelphia Eagles. And Jalen Hurst played perfect. Yeah, he did. He did. Like, he had that one interception. It was kind of like an arm punt, although they could have gotten three there. 'cause I think they were on the 30 yard line.


But other than that, he, I mean the, the pass of Devonte Smith was an absolute dime. He, you know, the AJ Brown one that got called back was also a dime, that fourth and five call that they made in the first, first drive. And everyone was like, oh, here we go, here are the refs. And that didn't last long because the Eagles were just that much better than the entire Chief's team. And it was like, no, I mean, Kelsey didn't get his first catch, I think until the second half. The, the Eagles. Yeah. The Eagles defense. Like Vic Fangio, I know we talk about Spags all the time. Vic Fangio is, he put on a masterclass. Absolute masterclass. Didn't all the stats going into this game of like Vic Fangio oh and eight against the Chiefs.


And you know, the Chiefs, I think seven outta eight of those games, they scored on their first drive. Coach Gruden said this on I think Friday. He was like, Vic Fangio is not, he's gonna do what he does and he's not gonna change it and he's gonna trust his guys. That's exactly what he did. He ran the same defense and he trusted his guys up front and they made great plays. He put Cooper de Jean on on Kelsey when it mattered. And yeah, it was just an ass kicking. Yeah. It, it was never close. This is actually a pretty boring Super Bowl. I think a lot of America's pretty happy with the way that it ended because everyone wants to see Patrick Mahomes and, and the Chiefs of the Evil Empire lose. So a lot of people are happy about that. But I, I would've preferred somewhat of a competitive game in the second half. I think a lot of people were like hoping for Mahomes to do something to make it a little bit interesting the second half.


But yeah, it was just utter domination. And as we've always said on this show, you gotta respect Nick Sirianni as a head coach. Nick Sirianni. You have to because right now did you know that Nick Sirianni has the highest winning percentage of any coach in the NFL? I Did know that. 'cause I said that LA two weeks ago when I was saying that he's doing it Italian And he's doing a, he's doing an awesome job. And I think it's high time that other podcasts start to recognize that besides just Us. Yeah. Made the playoff all four years. Two NFC championship game. Any NFC championship wins a Super Bowl. I mean, that's a hell of a resume for four years. There you Left off winner, he's a winner. He's, and he did it all coaching Italian and credit to Nick Ciani not crying in during the national anthem.


I think we all thought that was gonna be the key. It looked like he was trying to summon up some tears. He held them back and Yeah, Nick cii and Howie Roseman. I mean that to think where that Eagle's defense was at the end of last year. They showed the stat, they were like 30th and 31st in everything to get Cooper Deje, to get Quinone Mitchell to sign Zach Bond to retool that defensive line. Like he made all the right moves and that we, we were talking last year about how Nick Ciano was on the hot seat and the way that season finished, it was like a completely demoralizing, something's wrong with this locker room. Jalen Hertz, AJ Brown, all that shit.


None of it mattered. They were so, so dominating both in the NFC championship game in this game. It was not even, it, it just wasn't even close. Yeah. I mean, credit where credits due. Yeah, They're He did, he did it. Yeah. Incredible team. And Yet Jalen hurts. He had a great game also with his legs. Yes. He ran the ball really well. That was the other thing where he, when he started to take off, it was like, this is a healthy Jalen hurts. We haven't seen this type of running from in, in a long time. Yeah. He ran the ball Well he ran it smart. He just played it, he played a really, really good football game. And the most important thing, he won the Super Bowl with a visor. That's true. So this is the first quarterback to ever win a Super Bowl while wearing a visor. Yeah. You talk about records being shattered today.


Barry's being broken. Cooper de Gene, white quarterback, white quarterback pick six in the Super Bowl and Jalen Hertz winning Super Bowl with the visor And Kenny Pickett kneeling down a Super Bowl victory. Yeah. A lot of, a lot of first stand up. A lot of things we didn't think We'd see. Stand up to hate. Yeah. Stand up to hate. It was, yeah. It was, it, the whole thing was just, it couldn't have been an easier game for the Eagles. And, and you said, like you said, like we were just sitting there waiting for Mahomes to do something and it really just, you can look at the stats after the game. It was all garbage time. Yeah. That was all garbage Time. So, you know what I noticed in the first half was they were getting really good pressure. They were getting back there on the edges and then Mahomes likes to step up in the pocket and then either wiggle through, turn off to his right and then find somebody down field or pick up an easy like eight, nine yards rushing.


But when he went up the middle, when he stepped up, there were two guys there every time. Yeah. And then he got scared and then he knew that he couldn't step up. So he tried to do his little spin moves like Russ Wilson does in the backfield and he would just get caught by somebody that was faster than him. Yeah. And it was, he didn't know what was going on. And you could tell Yeah, his like, guys weren't open and he wasn't process. I mean the, the the back to back interceptions. I know he got kind of like stepped on for the second one, but still Yeah. A very un Mahomes like has He ever thrown back to back picks on, on, I don't know, consecutive plays? I don't know. I'm gonna guess. No, that might be the first time. Yeah. It was, it was a bad night for the Chiefs and it really did. Like I know that everyone rushes for legacy talk, but, but it's only fair to do this because it was, if he had won this Super Bowl, it would've been a lot of Patrick Mahomes four and one Threepeat, all this three and two in the Super Bowl, obviously still has three, two blow blowouts.


But two blowouts are significant interesting. Like They are, he has, They were significant. His Super Bowl point differential. You want to guess what it is, Hank? Mm. It's gotta be wins and losses. Yeah. That's what point differential Is. Point differential, yeah. That he's probably minus 15, He's minus 23. Wow. Point differential. Yeah. The, the two losses looked very similar and that they just could not do anything and he could not see anything and he was getting harassed all night and yeah, it's, I mean, three and two is very different and, and it's shows again, I don't know if we'll ever have a team get back to a third Super Bowl going for a three-peat. Damn. But man, this shows how hard it's, I mean I think we will at some point, maybe at some point you're gonna have good teams in the NFL but this Was the first time this had ever happened.


Yeah. But I, I Like, this is the first time it literally ever happened that a team got to the Super Bowl after winning two in a row. At some point. It's probably gonna happen, but it's very, very hard to do. Extremely. I'd like to bet extremely against it. Never ha ever happened. Same. I I'll put that bet in. Alright. We do, we do have Max. I kind of like that to take that bet right now. Like until we die. Until We die, I'll make it with You. How much do you wanna bet? 10 grand. Wait, but so then if what if you die, You have to put it in your will. What If you die before me? If I die, you have to give it to my kids. Okay. And I don't see it if you die. Okay. You have to put it in your will to give it to me. All 10 grand Like that. Love it. It's never gonna happen. That's a great, That's a bet that will last. Well after we're dead with Inflation. No, We gotta account for inflation.


You think it's gonna go up or down? I think it's, Well the T man Probably down with tariffs. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hank, you want in on this bet? Yeah. Okay. Sweet. Do you wanna bet PFT? Yeah. 10 grand. Yeah. I'll just add it on. The Patriots commanders. Yeah. Can I deduct that from your Well no, the bet is that the Patriots will make it to the Super Bowl in the next what, four years? Three Years. Three years. Four years? No, I, Four four. Four, four. No memes correct to me. Three years. Yeah. Yeah. We'll tack it on


there. Okay. Alright. We do have Max what everyone's waiting for Before we do that, a quick word from our friends at Kevin's Natural Foods. If you haven't tried Kevin's Natural Foods, you're missing out. I love the General SO'S chicken. We were, I was eating it this weekend or all week with Coach Gruden. We had Kevin Natural's. Kevin's Natural Foods in the Airbnb we're in. If you want a delicious protein packed meal on the table in five minutes, Kevin's natural foods heat and serve entrees are perfect. These clean, nutritious meals taste like something you'd get in a restaurant. Kevin's entrees include fully cooked beef or chicken and incredible sauces. So all you need to do is heat and eat. It's hard to believe something this tasty and healthy can be ready this fast. Skip the greasy takeout and grab Kevin's natural Foods instead. It's the perfect mealtime hack and it is a faster than takeout to find Kevin's in the refrigerated section of your local grocery store. Like I said, general so's chicken honey, garlic chicken se swan chicken, all great options from Kevin's natural Foods.


Were also brought to you by our friends at the Farmer's dog. Blake and Stella are both farmer's dogs this year. Healthy habits don't only apply to humans. Give your dog a fresh start to the farmer's dog makes feeding real healthy dog food easy and convenient and your dog will absolutely love it. The pre proportioned meals are personalized for your dog's needs, which makes it simple to help your dog reach and maintain a healthy weight. If you've ever thought about making the switch, now is the time it's made from human grade real meat and veggies that are gently cooked with the safety and quality standards of human food. It doesn't matter if your dog is young or old, it's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, and full years together. Get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food at the farmer's dog.com/pmt. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/pmt to get 50% off. That's the farmer's dog.com/pmt.


Okay, here he is. Super Bowl champion Max. Ante Max. This is your moment. Give us everything. Brain dump everything. We want to hear everything. His mic's, his mic doesn't work. This is awesome. A moment. Oh, his peak moment. His mic doesn't work. We'll wait for P to get here and get his thoughts. He's sitting there. I gotta say right now, just looking at Max. He's gotta be the smelliest grossest human on earth. Well, he Was out in the rain for about two hours drinking beer. Yeah, he was. He was. The Beard looked like if you smelled it, you would Pass out. Yeah. He he, he's been in, he's been in New Orleans for nine days now.


We know he went out hard last night. We saw a picture of him this morning with mismatched socks. He's he's got his suspenders on. His overall's on. He's just looking. He's, I I I was saying he, he looked like a human fart walking into the stadium and we're, we're gonna wait for Max. I guess he's, he's, he's not ready to go. He said he tweeted out one hour ago. I'm going to get so fucking drunk tonight. Yeah. I'm curious to know if he's, if he's begun that mission. I think he probably has. Okay. So, so while we wait for Max, let's talk about Tom Brady. Okay, go ahead. Wait, wait. I want Max to hear this by the way. We forgot one big story that Max doesn't know about that we needed to mention.


Fox bringing out that new score bug for the Super Bowl is was a war crime. It was disgusting. It was just, I don't insane. Why do networks do that for the Super Bowl? This is something that you need like, at least a full year to workshop in case he laid dud. This one was so bad it looked like they screwed up and had to redevelop and redesign their score bug like four hours before kickoff. Yeah. And they just had time to make like two rectangles that they would put on the screen. Hank said it perfectly, he was like, this looks like our score bug for our streams. 'cause we don't have rights to it. Yeah. Where we'll just have like the colors of the team and that same font for both teams. Like, that was weird. It Was so bad. And the empty space With, with no background in the middle. I don't know who who came up with that, but that guy should be, I don't wanna say fired, but he should be because that was so bad.


I don't know how that gets through. This is a, it goes to what we say all the time. Like, just hire a regular fan for these high level meetings. Have them sit down, show 'em the score bug and they'll immediately be like, what the fuck is that? Well, here's the other thing. You need to do it ahead of time because that way we would have a full season to get used to it. Right. And we probably wouldn't think that it looked as bad after seeing it for like 20 weeks in a row. Yes. But if you do it, we all hate the new score bugs. I would say that the approval rating on a brand new score bug is probably like 20%. Right? Yeah. Every time you've seen a new score bug you hate it. Fact or fiction fact, fact to do it during the Super Bowl, even if it is halfway decent, which this one was not, we're still gonna act like it's the worst thing in the world.


This was worse than anyone could've expected though. Yeah. It was so bad. By the way, this entire time we've been talking, max punching has been just punching things. Oh, oh. Kind of can kind of hear you. This is the the fucking p It is a brand new fucking thing. Wait, what's going on Max? Say it, say it again. This is a brand now the microphone's broken. It's the Super Bowl. I can't switch the mic. We already started recording. No, we just started recording. I know p is just saying switch the mic. It can't switch the mic. Alright, so then just switch, stop recording, switch the mic and then we'll have you back on when you're ready to go. Record is Fucking broken.


This Is Max's big moment to keep all this in. Suck on this is pacing Suck on that. Haters. Oh my God. You had it working. He, he, you know what Max looks like right now? He looks like suspect number one and true detective this season what they did in Louisiana. Like, you just see him on a lawnmower. You're like, that guy's been killing people. That guy's, someone We got a question. A tree man. Yeah, he is the tree man right now. He's just a swamp creature. He's become New Orleans. Oh my God. All right, so what, what, what else do we have about the game before Max, while Max fixes This? Tom Brady? Well I want Max to hear this because then he'll get mad, right? I don't think that or no, go ahead. No, I Don't think it has anything to do with, with the Eagles.


Really? Okay. It was a big massive game for, for Tom Brady's legacy. But now he was three and two in his first five Super Bowls. Mahomes is three and two in his first five Super Bowls. Brady paid played a lot better and the games were a lot closer in the two games that they lost. And now it's like Mahomes. He's gotta win four more. Andy Reed's gonna retire soon. He's already washed. So he is got a long way to go. It would've been tough to argue against four and one and a Threepeat. And a Threepeat. The Threepeat was the history maker, But now that's all over. Yeah. So it was, and it was great. I I it was, it was nice that Tom Brady got to watch it and announce it, knowing how happy he was the whole time. 'cause he, he went on, was that Tom Brady?


Yeah. Okay. He went on coward earlier in the week. He was talking about how important, like, the only losses people talk about are Super Bowl losses. Like no one talks about, you know, winning loss to the, to the Colts and to the Ravens and the A FFC championship and stuff. They only talk to him about the Super Bowl losses. And now Mahomes has two big ones. Yeah. Did Yeah. But did you see Tom Brady's cheeks? They Look great. Real, real hot cheekbones today. Yeah. Yeah. You look good. Did did So did she watch? Yeah, it was a nice watch. His watch is very nice. So did, did, did Revelle tell us how much that watch was? Was 600 k. Okay. It was a big win for Tom Brady. It was a big win for Belichick I guess. Although the, the pre-game stat where they showed Andy Reed walking out and they said all time winning his coach in chiefs and Eagles history.


It is pretty crazy to see, but big win for Belichick. Yep. Not letting Andy Reed get that. Also big win for Gronk And Belichick was just catching wins all week. He showed up to the NFL honors with all eight of his Super Bowl rings. All the flex. Yeah. What was, was that a real picture of his Girlfriend? Yeah, that was weird. That one I didn didn't, did you see that? Fully understand his girlfriend Was wearing a Super Bowl That was a straight up trolling 51 Atlanta Falcons championship shirt. That was Crazy. Yeah, that was, that was a little, a little much. But I like it. And Patrick Mahomes wearing Eagles green intentionally, intentionally As His pre-game attire. Wild move. I respect the cockiness. Yeah, I do. But if, if you're Patrick Mahomes and you walk, you wear that on the walk-in, you should also wear that in the post game Celebra or post game press conference.


I haven't seen any pictures of him. Was he wearing that post game? I did not see it. I also saw Travis Kel looked like he was dressed as like a, a drug dealer coming in that that was a cocky suit that he was wearing. He looked like a 1985 drug dealer. Is the mic working? No, he's just wearing his shirt. I think the mic Is working. Okay. Is that, does that sound Fucking Cancellation Restarted. Oh my god. Restart. Are we gonna be able to keep all of Max's struggles with the mic going memes? Did we record a bunch of this? Yeah. Alright. It's all, it's All recording so you will hear him. Okay. We'll be able to hear him. Alright. We we, let's see if the mic works Here. Talk again, try again.


Nope. Nope. Can't hear you. This is, this is his big moment. He's just screaming into the ca He's screaming into a mic that's not working. Watch everyone subscribe to YouTube. Get us to 600,000 subscribers because you get to watch Max just walking around being so mad right now. It's like a caveman. I mean, this is how he's been waiting for this moment and he is just being cocked by his own. He's the producer too. Like if anyone, if it was one of us trying to figure this out, you'd understand. But it's Max trying to figure this out. You should know this.


Okay. While we wait for Max to try to get this, we are brought to you again by Kevin's Natural Food Foods a takeover today. Kevin's Natural Foods is a perfect alternative to takeout. It's just as tasty, but faster and healthier. Kevin's heat, meat entrees, and stir fry kits are packed with protein and ready in under 10 minutes. Kevin's has paleo and keto certified options. So there's something for any lifestyle. If you're big on taste and convenience, Kevin's is a no-brainer. Find Kevin's Natural Foods in the refrigerated section at your local grocery store today. You can get the Honey, garlic, chicken General SO'S chicken, s Juan Chicken. It's all there. It's all great. Kevin's natural Foods. Perfect. Alternative to takeout. Find Kevin's Natural Foods in the refrigerated section. Your local grocery store.


Alright, let's try again. Max. Nope. Nope. Still not. This is even when he won a Super Bowl, we He can't win. We can't hear you Max. We can't hear you. You're screaming into a mic that has no sound coming back to us. This is so perfectly max. Wait, wait. Do we have you say something Max? Wait, say something? No, It's just gonna go through. It's going through. It's just gonna go through the regular, the microphone is fucked. The microphone is fucked. Alright. No microphone. We're not doing the microphone. The mic worked out earlier though. Alright. If we're not doing the microphone, you gonna stick closer to the computer? You gotta bring the computer to your lap. This is bullshit.


I can't believe this is happening. Oh my God. He looks like he's about to titty. Fuck us. The last thing to kick gets. Okay. Max? Yes. I think you got fucking, I think you gotta put it in your lap. Yeah, you gotta get closer. I, this is as close as it's getting. How is this gonna sound? Hold on. Oh. Oh, he's gotta fix. He might have a only, we had a producer down there with him. Fuck. Ron's here too. Check, check. Yeah. Okay. That's it. Check. Yeah, that's okay.


Is this better? Yeah, that's good. That actually sounds good. Okay. This is bullshit. Alright. We're truly, truly my, truly Get it. Get the Spanish. Truly. Alright, well he's getting back up. All right, I'm Here. We're now welcoming on Super Bowl champions. Max Ante and our good friend R they're back from the Super Bowl. Boys, congrats first. This is your moment. Two years in the waiting. We had two years ago in Arizona. You guys were sitting there sad as could be. As we laugh to you now you get to laugh. You just absolutely shit pumped Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs dominating as dominating could be.


Just give us everything. Unload it. Tell us, tell us everything. It was a hell of a weekend. It was a hell of a football game by one team that is an elite all time historic football team. The Philadelphia Eagles of the 20 24, 20 25 season are a historic football team. Games that they have been healthy in that've lost one game. The Falcons game is the only real loss that they had all year. If you go back and look at it, Jalen Hurts didn't play in the commander's game. Devonte Smith and Lane Johnson and AJ Brown didn't play in the Bucks game.


The Atlanta Falcons game is the only real loss that this team has had all year. And we beat the fuck Outta teams all year. Would beat the fuck Outta teams, right? Multiple scores against the Ravens. Multiple scores against the Steelers. Keep going. Beat the fuck outta the Commanders Bengals. This fucking team is one of the best teams of all time. And Jalen Hurtz is a tough five quarterback in this league. He's a top three quarterback in this league. He's one of the best I ever doing in the Eagle's green. Jalen fucking hurts. Deserves respect. I'm fucking blowing up his mic for sure. But a hell of a football game all time.


Defense Vic. Gio is a fucking God. I love the Eagles. I love this city and I love Philadelphia. Said Max. Yeah. Yeah. How, how about, how about like, talk us through the game instead of your schedule. It was a good game. I mean, what, alright, alright, let's, let's, let's back up. Ronan Max, you guys went out last night, waking up this morning. Like, give us, give us just like the play by play of how today went. Like when did you guys link up going into the stadium? What was the stadium like? Everything. When was the last time you were sober?


Max? Yeah, that also that I'm pretty sober right now. Okay. Okay. Alright. Rowan, why don't you take it away for a second. Yeah. We woke up this morning speech. I sent Max a video and I said, lucky are we the people who get to take a loss and then come back and have another chance at this? We, we lost, we, we embarrassed ourselves against the Chiefs last time and we're so fortunate to have a chance to, to take another crack at this thing. So I sent Max a video that said we are fucking ready for them. And we, we get to the game and, and right as we get to the stadium, I whisper to Max. What if we whip their ass?


What if we go belt to ass to the Kansas City Chiefs? What if we find Patrick Mahomes maybe one of the best quarter, maybe the best quarterback of all time And we beat his ass in front of a national audience. And sure enough, that's exactly what what we did. I, I mean, walking into the stadium, it was almost like there was a sense of calm. Like we had been here before and it wasn't the fear that we had. Our team a couple years ago we're better at cornerback. That's where we lost. We're better at running back. That's where we lost, we're better at linebacker. That's where we lost. And we put it all together in a performance where there was no doubt. We wanted to keep on reminding ourselves that, hey, we've lost this before. We've been in the situation where we're up 10 points, where we're up a bunch of points And we took it to a place where we were up, what was it, 31 to nothing.


34 nothing. 34 to nothing. Yeah. And we took care of business the entire way. Honestly, the city of Philadelphia has to, has to feel so proud of what the Eagles did right now. The joy in that stadium, the mirth, the, the, the feelings that are just, just coursing through all of our veins right now. It's incomprehensible. Belt to ass. Belt to ass. The eagles To asks When did you guys allow yourselves to feel comfortable with it? Because I know Max was saying like, it's not over. Stop cursing it when you were up by 34 points. Once the, the, the strip sack.


The strip sack was definitely the moment where it, where it switched for me. Because I was also thinking like given my track hit like track record, I was thinking like we're gonna have a historic loss and I'm gonna have to go on this show tonight and sit down after, sorry. The worst loss history of football because we, I just kept thinking like 28 to 3, 28 to three. Like this is worse than 28 to three. And then I'm gonna be that guy that has to go on the part of my take and and do a podcast as after giving that up. Yeah. So, but our defensive adjustment. Yeah. The the most important question I have for you because we're watching on TV and there was a moment in the game when the chiefs had the ball.


They were driving and you could hear the Arrowhead Tomahawk chant break out in the Superdome. And I thought to myself like, that's a really loud fucking chant. I didn't think that the Chiefs had that many fans there. Could that be the Eagles fans doing the Arrowhead chopped sarcastically? Because if so, that's fucking awesome. Was that you guys? Wait, could you hear that on the broadcast? Oh Yeah, it was, it was loud as shit. Oh yeah. Yes. Very loud. Oh, Fucking rocks. I did not know that. It, it's tough to tell if it's like just our section or if it's like the whole stadium for like where we, where we were. But the fact that you could hear that on the broadcast must have meant, I mean what do you think the Eagle fans were the best Only what do you think the fan split was?


What do you think the fan split was in inside the stadium? I don't know where we were. It was very green. I but like, I don't know if like that was an eagle section. We, You couldn couldn't look around like 80. You, you couldn't see the other side of the studio. What about Yeah, Like cheering when like plays would happen. The chiefs barely got to cheer. That's true. Yeah. Good point. You guys did like they did all of patch Ram home's. Stats were garbage time stats. You guys completely suffocated them. What, I have a question for you Ronan. The Cooper Deje interception pick six all time moment. I we got the alternate view. You were just dumping a full beer on your head.


Were you worried at all that that was a little early in the game to be just dousing yourself in beer? It wasn't even like the, that wasn't the final celebration, but the pure emotion of that, of that moment completely took over. But we're telling every Eagles fan, Hey, lock in for the second half. It doesn't matter what our lead is. I didn't feel any type of comfort until about three minutes left in the third quarter when the chiefs couldn't do anything in the first half. The chiefs had what, 20, 24 yards. Patrick Mahomes had like 23 yards, 24 yards. We had 24 points. We had as many points as they had yards. It was just a pure clean ash whooping. And we tried to stay as conservative as possible, but when the team just refuses to touch the brakes the entire time, we, we had no choice except for to to celebrate as the victors, as the best team in the NFL, as the champions, as a team that no one can take it from for the rest of the year.


We get to talk our shit. We get to pop our shit. We get to feel good about ourselves and no one gets to say shit to Us. Yeah, we were, we were talking before you guys joined the, when we were sitting there watching the game, the first play from scrimmage from the chiefs was like a perfect misdirection. First down 11 yard pass, the Juju Smith Schuster, that was their only first down in the first half. Their first play from scrimmage was their only first down in the first half. That's how good you guys were. And I, we were saying like they had to feel so incredible to just start the celebration or I know that you guys were like, oh, Patrick Mahomes. But like even in the third quarter to be able to be like, Hey, we did it. And you just, you basically get to just celebrate for an entire fourth quarter as you, as you watch the, the seconds tick down for your Super Bowl victory.


Let's, let's rewrite the narrative almost because coming into this game, we said the Eagles obviously have the better squad, but quarterback wise we have to give the nod to Patrick Mahomes. But you look at what the two quarterbacks did during this game. Jalen Hertz outplayed Patrick Mahomes. And there's no way to rewrite it in any other fashion than that. It was a pure ass whooping. Our defense played better. Jalen Hertz has to be talked about in the same, in in, in the same way as the top couple quarterbacks in this league. He surpasses Joe Burrow, he surpasses Lamar Jackson, he surpasses Josh Allen. He surpasses all these guys who could never get it done.


Not only did he do it, the stats were there to back it up and the hardware is there in the form of an MVP in the Lombardi. Alright, Soro sounds like you have, you have Patrick Mahomes still number one in the NFL and then you have Jalen second. Who Else can you even put in the, in the conversation about that? Yeah. Is Jalen second? Yeah. Everyone keeps saying, everyone keeps saying, oh, Josh Allen can't get to the Super Bowl 'cause he has to be Patrick Mahomes. Lamar Jackson can't get to the Super Bowl 'cause he has to be Patrick Mahomes in the a c Jalen her just beat the fuck out of Patrick Mahomes. And did everyone talks about how great this chief's defense was. Jalen hurts beat the fuck outta this defense. It wasn't Saquon. No, it He was fucking Jalen.


We, we, we said it. If if we told you before the game on Friday that Saquon had 25 rushes for 57 yards, you'd be like, uhoh, we might be in trouble. But Jalen Hurts was perfect outside of his interception. He played a perfect game. His, he ran great. He, he threw whenever, like all his passes were crisp. He played a perfect game. He deserves the MVP. He had some incredible passes. Let's look at his pass down the sidelines to Johan Dotson. Incredible pass. Let's look at the pass they took away to AJ Brown. Bullshit. Incredible pass. Let's look at the touchdown pass that he had to Devonte Smith. These are high caliber throws from a quarterback who people act like only is a pair of legs. They act like all he has is a tush push.


No, he throws a pretty ball. He doesn't turn the ball over that much. He had one bad interception, but for the most part, he took care of business. He took care of the ball. And can we also take maybe a, a little bit of a nod to the Eagle's defensive line who Yeah. Oh. Had a pressure rate 50% throughout the entire time without blitzing. Yep. It was just three or four guys and everybody's able to pin back their ears and get after the quarterback. It's incredible what can happen when the sod father's not doing some bullshit where we can just pin back our ears, play on some turf and take care of business. Yeah, no, I mean the, the, the, the makes you wonder if the, if you played on artificial turf two years ago would've been different.


What do, what are you, what are you pointing to Max? I just had an idea. Pug is here with the, it's a production. P is here with the vlog camera. I thought the audio would probably be better for that. So I told him to keep that rolling. Let's Get, let's get P's thoughts too. I wanna hear from Pug about his experience. Yeah. Pug, You didn't hear P Come on P You guys gotta come back after though because we gotta Yeah, but Pug, there he is. Pug you are now one. Get in the middle, get in the open. Super Bowls, get in the middle. Pug, move over to the middle. There you go. Pug. You're one in Oh, super Bowls. People are calling you the Patrick Mahomes killer. Yeah. Puck. I'm, I'm blessed. That's all. That's all I can say. I'm lucky to have been there.


Blessed Go birds also Max drinking. Not no champagne help too. Last night Y Yes, very. We saw him holding champagne, but he was doing a good job. But he had one hand over his mouth and the other hand holding the champagne. Pug p Smart pug pug. I gotta ask you this question 'cause when we, first of all it, congratulations your Super Bowl champ when we bought right, you ticket it on Friday. There was, there was a few people being like, oh, going to the Super Bowl by yourself. That would suck. I was like, I think that's the one game you can go by yourself. And then you gave an update in the first quarter and it looked like you had your seatmate, your an Eagles fan literally sitting on your lap. Did you become best friends with that guy? Yeah.


Shout out Matt. He flew in on Friday from England to come to the game. Guy from Philly, great guy immediately became close friends within the first couple minutes. It was just like bird's van, bird's van and just we're hugging like two minutes into the game. So Was he by himself too? Yeah. Oh Hell yes. Yeah. Fuck yes. My whole session with Eagles fans. So it was just like, people I didn't know. I'm just like hugging people. I don't know at all. It was incredible. I love that. Unreal. That's amazing. P I'd like to get your review of the halftime show. Yeah. Halftime show was great. I would say the, the the a minor line, like the whole stadium lit up.


That was very cool. Yep. But it, it one thing that it's, it's kind of hard to pay. Like on TV they show you where to pay attention. Like they just show you on tv like what it looks like. But when you're there you have to like look for where on the stage they're actually doing it. It's kind of hard to keep track a little. Yeah. That's, that's pretty much it. So pug, what point in the game did you start being like, okay, this is happening. We're we're winning the Super Bowl. I like end of the third quarter I was feeling it. And then like when Mahome, even like those last couple minutes when Mahomes scored very late, I was, I got nervous again. He's Mahomes. Yeah. I got, yeah.


What was the loudest moment? When did the dome get Yeah, get the loudest. The Cooper Deje Pick six was like crazy. Crazy loud. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably one. How was, how was it going into the state? You guys were you guys go, did you guys go to the bar before going into the stadium? Did you pregame? No, we just had a couple trulys at the condo and then we just walked over. No bar just kind of walked like, we're right. We're very close to the arena so we just like walked right over. That's Awesome. It sounds like a great time. Pictures. I'm so happy for you Pug. I'm very happy for you. Pug. Very, very Happy. How, how drunk is Max right now?


Pug? He's not not It's not too bad. Not too bad. He's gonna get very Drunk. He's gonna So drunk. Yeah, He's gonna get very drunk. Yeah. Later. Later. I think I'm so Should be seeing iPhones for sweaty. Alright, max, sit back down. Pug, you're the best. Congrats. Super Bowl champion Pug. Max, sit back down. Max, what would you like to say? Oh, why'd you put on the sweatshirt? He's got a Champions. Okay. Max, what would you like to say to all the haters? I don't really have much to say to the haters. I love the haters. The haters are what fuel me. The haters are what get me up in the morning. The haters are are what? Get me to the podcast room and to say bad takes every day.


I appreciate the haters, but I, but the, I'm apologizing to the haters because the narrative is over. The narrative of Max Dete certified loser is over and it's a I'm for them because they love, they love that narrative. But as a Producer, you know that's bad for the show. Yeah. Huh. As A producer, you know that's bad for the show. So part of you is like, damn, I, I would be lying if I didn't say if if that didn't cross my mind. But you can't listen, you're, you'll lose again. But you gotta enjoy this win. You're a winner Right now.


I'm a winner. Are we thinking title sound? Are we thinking title towel Max? I think every other team's going in the opposite direction. But the birds will always have this one. Yeah. Always have this one. And maybe not. I mean, what'd you say? We beat the fuck out Of him. We beat the fuck outta him. We beat the fuck out of him. Okay. So rest of the night I have Breaking moose, breaking Moose. I told you guys, I texted Max. I, I texted Max and Rowan. Congrats right after. I was like, I'll do everything in my power to try to get you guys with the team to party.


And I've already made one text Big Dom, he just replied. I said, we gotta get Max and the boys into the party. He said, my paan, you know, I got 'em. So let's go. You got, you gotta send that text to Big Dom And we gotta get you going. I wanna see, I wanna see Max and Ronan like Eiffel towering Nick Siri on a dance floor at three in the morning. It would be our pleasure. It would be such a blessing to be able to celebrate with those absolute champions. They could. Eiffel Tower us, honestly. They do whatever they want with our bodies. We're their vessel right now. We're chains. Who's the one guy that you really wanna party with tonight? Rome.


Oh, good answer. Yep. What, What time is your guys now, we didn't say this publicly, but you guys have a connecting flight tomorrow through Kansas City, which now will be the funniest flight or you do you, you do Max and so does pug. What? So what time's your flight? Are you gonna sleep tonight? I I I expect no sleep. My flight's at one 30. Oh. So if I don't sleep, that would be pretty bad. You might not sleep, But don't sleep Well at one 30 would be tough. I gotta get, I gotta get Alright. So, but that's gonna be hilarious flight. You gotta vlog it. Max. You just being a conquering hero going back to Kansas City.


I I feel the people of Kansas City are p are pretty nice. Like, I'm gonna feel bad doing it, but I'll, I I mean I I gotta do what I gotta do. Yeah, You gotta do it. Can't. I Think, I think they'll probably be pretty cool because they've, you know, they've won before. They wanted this one for the history. But they'll, they'll give you a lot of Yeah. You know, it's a pretty good feeling. Congrats guys. We know how it is. I don't think they're gonna be too pissed off at you. Yeah, no. Yeah. They got wins. They got wins. Go. Birds. Alright, so do you guys have any Yeah, go ahead Ron. One, One thing, I just think that this kind of rewrites the story of Max Diante as well. I think that Max Diante has fallen into this light of being a lovable loser and being the guy who just can't get over the hill.


And he stormed up the hill today and he fucking planted his flag right at the summit of the hill. I think the way that we see this guy is going to be different. The way he carries himself is going to be different. The fucking way he feels in his balls, in his soul, in his bones is going to be different forever. You have to give this guy his flowers And we might turn into the most obnoxious people you've ever met in your fucking life. How's the foot feeling Max? The foot's feeling great. My boot's still on. I don't know what to Do with this. You promise a chewy, Chewy, chewy, max. Ayyy, Chewy, chewy. You said you'd do a chewy if you won Max.


I have to tell you, my wife was texting me as the game was ticking down. Chew. Like, I'm actually nervous for Max. I'm nervous for his foot. I'm nervous for his wellbeing. Can someone please be there to help him? And I was like, well Ronan's gonna be with him. That might not be a help. 'cause Ronan's gonna get smashed as well. Maybe Pug, who knows? Someone will look after you. Let's go Max. You deserve this. Max Is this just gonna spill everywhere? This is gonna be the grossest, spilling, tasted thing ever. This is, by the way, he's had this on all day. He's been walking around New Orleans in it. He had it on for a month. He's been wearing it down. Bourbon Street.


Is it spilling everywhere right now? There's so many holes Spilling. I'm drinking. You're spilling It. Drink it. Shoot the boot. Oh Yeah. Oh, You're gonna have a disease. Oh, How bad does Max smell? Ronan? I think this is gonna be retired. I think this is retired. How bad. How bad bad does he New? Well, you very sharpie. Get the players to sign it. Well, you can't retire that max. What the, the playoffs next year? Yeah. It's like my best. Yeah, you might, you gotta, you gotta have that. You cannot lose that poop.


Just Gross right now. Or Just keep it like, like a Lombardi trophy. I just Had all over me at the moment. How bad is Max Smell Ronan? Oh, horrendous. I'm, I, I don't even want him to answer. I smell bad right now. I don't. We all have been sweating though. We all are just sweating our dicks off. We're just co-mingling body odors. Me, pug and Max are just have like a perfect cocktail. A Neapolitan ice cream with three different body odors going on right now. It smells delicious. Oh, I, I gotta say, if there's, if there's one place in the world to be world champions for a night, I feel like New Orleans is right at the top of that list. Yeah. You guys are gonna have an absolute blast.


Yeah, It is. It's perfect. It's perfect. Oh, all right. Well, congrats boys. Max. We'll see you on Tuesday. Ron, we'll see you when we see you. Belt to ass. You guys are world champs. And that was, you did it in a fucking way. That was just never a doubt. Yeah, never a doubt. You Beat the fuck outta the big, bad giant. Yeah. You absolutely destroyed him. And, and it's no, no doubt. Jalen hurts. MVP, he's, he's a top what, three quarterback? Two. Two Top two Quarterback. Top two. Top two. Realistic. Where would you guys, where would you guys put him realistically? I Mean, he's, I don't know. We gotta save that discussion for like May.


I think right now He's won. Right now He's won. Yeah. Right now he's a Super Bowl. MVP. He's won right now. That's True. We gotta be consistent. If you're the, if you're the MVP of the championship, then you are no doubt the alpha that team and the best player. Yeah. He's number one. Number one right now. Alright, two more questions. Yeah. P does that make you feel better about your loss? Well, about like 20 minutes into the game, I thought to myself like, how good does this look for the commanders? He's Doing another shoey. Yeah. Chug, chug, chug. Honestly, I'm Max. I'm very happy for you and Rowan on a personal level. Rowan, You should do one. Obviously. Obviously the birds. Yeah. Big rival. Ronan's gonna do one.


Oh oh, no. Oh, this is how, this is how swine flu starts. It tastes like so much. Foot. Pug. Get one. Pug get one. Pug. Pug. Pug. Pug. Pug. Pug. Pug, pug, pug. Oh. Oh. Be the same behind him. Oh yeah. We're there. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, pug. Our, our beautiful pug. Can you See? You can see this? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We could see Pug. Looks like he smells so much better than Max. So many old Pug. Pug, pug, pug, pug.


Pug. Pug. Pug. Pug. Pug. Pug. Oh, fuck Yes, boys. I'm done with you guys. Alright. Have fun tonight. Stay safe. See you Max. Congrats. To, congrats to you guys.


This recap has been brought to you by Kevin's Natural Foods. You know that you feel your best when you eat well, but life is hectic and it's hard to find a healthy option that's quick and easy. That's where Kevin's Natural Foods comes in. Kevin's is honestly getting the Barcel team through the crazy busy playoff season. Did you guys see John Gruden's Kevin's ad? Yes. It was incredible. It was a great job. The, the, the level of of care that John Gruin takes doing an ad read for Kevin's Natural Foods, because he actually enjoys it. You can notice it, and I hope you notice it with me, because I do really enjoy Kevin's natural foods. It tastes like restaurant quality food. You make it at home. They're shockingly delicious and they've got tons of great flavors. Korean barbecue, cilantro, lime, chicken, the stir fry kits even have fresh veggies in them. The General Sos and the Chuan Chicken are my two favorites. I love that they're made with clean, simple ingredients. The whole bar stool team loves them. They really do make a healthy meal possible. Even on my busiest days. Kevin's is the best clean quality ingredients. They're heat and serve entrees and stir fry kits packed with protein and ready to eat in just minutes. No prep and no mess. Kick off 2025 with Kevin's. Make it your healthiest and tastiest year yet. Find Kevin's natural Foods in the refrigerated section at your local grocery store.


These recaps are also brought to you by a rock song. Let's talk about the elephant in the room. Erectile dysfunction. One in four men, 18 years and older experience ed. Which means that you or someone close to you might be experiencing it. That's why I want to tell you about this new ed treatment gel. It's called Oxon. It's the first ed treatment gel with clinically proven results that you can get over the counter. While it might not work for everyone's, studies showed success in over 60% of men. The best part, no prescriptions or online questionnaires needed. Why wait, try Rocks On today available in stores and online. Visit rocks on us to learn more.


Alright. That was something. That was great. That's the boys. That was great. The boys are buzzing. I did like that Max just started talking about like, every game from the season. We're not the Super Bowl. Well, No, he, he had, he had the speech ready to go. Yeah. He's like, you need to respect us as one of the all time greats. Yeah. And that's the conversation you have to have. Yeah. After a Super Bowl ass kicking like that. Like you gotta stand on the table for your guys. Yeah. It was, I mean, they, they deserve it. And, and Jalen Hurts Does did get a lot of heat and the media and he performed perfectly. Alright. Anything else from the game? Couple things. Yeah. Go ahead. Credit to part of my take guest last week. Yes. Because Lane Johnson gave us the Gatorade color.


He did. He pays to listen to PMT. Chris Berman gave us Deandre Hopkins anytime. Touchdown. That was plus 500 or plus 4 25, depending when you got it. Yep. So good on them. And congratulations to Hank for winning. You're just a winner. Hank. Yeah. Just a winner. Winner. It was a great, great season. Great bet. Happy for the Eagles. I got Revenge as Well. Yep. I appreciate them. Just, you know, it really helps the narrative. 'cause this show is narrative based show. It's a conversation that would've never stopped and now it doesn't have to. Yeah. Shadow Tails. Tale Hills with sales Tails. One, Two and a half quarterbacks. Yeah. Two and a half pass attempt players to attempt to pass. Did not think we would get it. No. With Kenny Pickett in a blowout.


Nope. On a fourth down. No dos, no Dos, No Dost Clean kicks. Thanks Hank. Yeah. Sorry. You lost your bet, Hank. Sorry. We lost La Omar Jackson. No worries. Yep. Fucking grass of Josh. Yeah, We, yeah. We should actually talk about that for a second in a minute. I had a, a couple other things. So, yeah. Lane Johnson, what an absolute animal. That offensive line was so good tonight. They're So heavy. So heavy. That stat that they showed was insane. Where it was the average weight of the bird's offensive line. What was it? Like 340 pounds? Yeah. And in the first Super Bowl, the average weight was 240. Yeah. That's crazy. It was crazy. So I feel like there's gonna be like a, an NHL level injury report that comes out about Chris Jones too. 'cause he was, he looked bad after like the first series when they were like, his neck got fucked up on his neck and his knee got fucked up.


And it's gonna be like some crazy, he was playing through some crazy injuries that he probably shouldn't have even been playing. Yeah. Yeah. The also, we had some astute, I I wanted to share this with you guys. Some astute analysis by Brett Favre after the game. He said, not the most entertaining game, but it's difficult to even get to there. And with a bunch of teams improving next year, it'll be interesting what to make of it. I agree with Brett Fav. Yeah. Oh, sorry. It will be interesting. What to make it so what two teams make it. That's some great, that's some great analysis. That's Magic Johnson level shit right there.


Yes. Yes. But No one's ever accused Brett Favre of having a Magic Johnson. Do we have any quotes from Patrick Mahomes or Travis Kelsey after Mahomes tweeted, What'd he say? It was just like, we, we let everyone down. That's on me. I'll get, I'll pause up. Also, I got eyes on the post game presser from Mahomes. He changed into a t-shirt. I, I understand why, but if you wear the troll suit going in, I feel like you should face the music and wear it afterwards. Yeah. Yeah. You should appreciate all the love and support from Chief's Kingdom. I let y'all down today. I'll always continue to work and try to learn and be better for it. Want to give thanks to God for every opportunity he has given me. We will be back. Okay.


I do feel bad for Deandre Hopkins a little bit. 'cause that was, you know, that was his, that was, he's an incredible player. And that was his one chance. I don't know how much longer he's going to be there. Wait, he Xavier Worthy with the quietest eight receptions. 157 yards and two touchdowns of all time. All time. Wait, Deandre Hopkins talked about the refs. What'd He say? There was a lot of touchy calls. Y'all gonna report that? Oh, that's not great. You got your ass kicked. Yeah. You got your ass absolutely kicked. Was it past interference on that wide open drop that he had? Yeah. Yeah. He dropped that one pretty bad. That's a little salty. Yeah, that's a little salty.


Don't like that. He did get a touchdown though. He Did. He did. He scored a touchdown in the Super Bowl. I'm just, just seeing this right now. Philadelphia schools have a two hour delay tomorrow. Just cancel. Yeah. Just ca Honestly, there's not gonna be any learning done. Yeah. They greased the poles in New Orleans, which I did. You also see the, I think it was the Four Seasons downtown Philadelphia. They just took away the awning. Smart. Because they're like, we don't want people jumping off of this. Smart. That was like on Saturday. They just drove the awning away. It was great. What do you got? Memes? Like win or Lose. Yeah. Win or lose. They were like, we gotta get this awning out Here. Jack McCarthy keeps having Max do fake ads at and just doing a chewy with each One.


They sent me. Truly. And Doug, Can you play 'em for us on the show right now? Let's play 'em. Let's See if can get Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna DM it. Shoot. We're gonna DM it to Max. Oh, this is great. That, That's a good move by Jack McCarthy. I can't believe his mic didn't work for the first 10 minutes. Just so perfect. It is Great. I also love, you have to watch the YouTube, but he was wearing the, the overall, so he took the, the sweatshirt off for a lot of it. And the overall, the right strap just falling down the entire time. Yeah. Just pulling it back up. Like he was Sydnee Sweeney, jumping out of his bra. Any Superbowl ads? I mean, I feel like we knew a lot. We knew the Doritos one shot Doritos One was good, one was good. I met the Doritos ad guys when they were down in New Orleans.


The guy, the two guys that made that commercial, they were fucking pumped to get a million bucks. Yeah. The, I like the Lilo and Stitch. Great movie. Good. Good nostalgia there. Oh, here's Max. Okay, Here we go. Here's fake ad number one. This is so funny. This is such a great call by Jack. It was A long day. It was a long day. This is so funny. He came out victorious. The birds are champions. And I happened to be sweaty. I happened to be a little sweaty throughout the day. Nola's pre hot place. You know, tensions are flying. Oh my God. But even though I was a little sweaty, even though my boot was a little sweaty, I didn't smell. And you know why? Because Dove men care.


Whole body. Dio keeps you feeling right all day. It keeps you feeling right all day. Shout out Dove. Shout out to whole body. Dio. All that one is real. The truly one was fake. Oh, Okay. Wait. Let's see. The truly one We did it. The birds are champs. Yes sir. Come on now. And it's time to celebrate. Come on now. We're going out in Nola. Yeah. We're gonna have the time of our lives. Yeah. And I said out pretty sober. Do It. I did it on the show. I'm gonna do it again for you right now. Truly is the best feeling. I hope he did this after the dump when he sprayed it down.


Totally Is the best feeling. You Hit it. There's so many holes in that. Oh, Let's go. Shout out. Truly shout out the birds. Let's have a night. Yes sir. Oh, what do we think about Kendrick's halftime performance? I thought it was like a, a 20 minute advertisement for Drake being a pedophile, which is pretty Way better songs. He should have played like that. That I like Kendrick Lamar. But he has like some of his best. It's the Super Bowl. You should play the hits. Yeah. Yeah. Well I listen, I I am a Kendrick Lamar fan.


I think he's a really good artist. I don't think it makes a whole lot of sense as a Super Bowl halftime show. Yeah, I'd agree. But still, it was, it was very funny when he looked at the camera and was like, Hey Drake. And then he threw that line in when he talked about like, oh, he wants to play the song, but you like to sue people. That was funny. It was also funny comparing that to the NFL playing two separate ads with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg to stop All Hate. And then Kendrick Lamar, his entire halftime performance was just hate. Yeah. They had, they had Serena Williams on stage who used to date Drake Crip walking, like rubbing in his face. Somebody said there was someone else on stage that used to be associated with Drake. I didn't think it was the best Super Bowl halftime show except for not like us at the end was we kind of all were waiting for that.


Yeah. But isn't, isn't it weird that the NFL just like gave their biggest platform? Yeah. Oh yeah. To be like, Hey, we're just going to like fuck Drake up for 20 minutes at halftime. Yeah. And no offense Kendrick Lamar, but I do still think it should have been Little Weight. That would've been Awesome. That would've been great. That would've been great. Actually. I'm gonna agree with our good friend Michael Greer. He has a great idea for the next halftime show. Okay. And I, I feel like we should get behind it as a podcast. Yeah. Ac DC Ooh. AC CDC at halftime would fucking rock. That Would rock. They do kind of like go back and forth to where they'll do a newer and then they'll, you know, remember it was who was, it was Bruce Springsteen. That was a long time ago. That was a long time ago. Yeah. But they, they do sometimes throw in some old older Ax if it was AC CDC at half time, just banger after banger.


Yeah. Also, Taylor Swift got booed. Yep. That was kind of funny. Also Crazy stat that that was the first time attend President attended a Super Bowl. Yeah. Yeah. I guess it my mind That Seems impossible. I, I guess it's because presidents used to always call the head coach after the Super Bowl. So like a president was always involved, but they were just never there. But you Wouldn't think they'd be like, let's go to the game. Like Yeah. Yeah. If I was president, it's America's biggest Event. That's what I would do. Yeah. Saying it really good. I mean, what a game. Jalen Hurst and that Eagle's defensive line, the whole Eagle's defense. I don't know if this stat's true. Here's a, here's a new segment of part of my take stat that I read online. And I don't care to fact check because I prefer it if it's true.


That's Every Stat ready. The Eagles are now 6, 6 6 and 6 6, 6 all time. Whoa. When you include the playoffs, Whoa. There's some draws in there, some ties that aren't included. Okay. But yeah. Wow. Mark of the beast. So there are signs. So this was all planned. This was Satanic. Yes. This Was all planned to have this exact thing happen. What, what are the people who say that it's rigged for the Chiefs? Say now. Sorry, I don't No, no they don't. Sorry. You, you got a good start. Yeah. You had, you did that, that AJ Brown OPI was that that was your moment. You had one moment. Okay. Honestly, here's what they say.


The block got too hot. Yeah. Too many people started to catch on to it. So they had to go completely in the opposite direction. And like Deandre Hopkins says the, the refs gave the Eagles the Super Bowl. Yes. That's what you say if you're a chief's rig guy. Question does Travis Kel retire? Probably not. I don't know. I think it'd be crazy. He does to retire when you're linked to Patrick Mahomes e even if you aren't what you used to be, just, you might as well show up for another season and you know you're gonna be in the playoffs. We've already given the a FC West. Yeah. But he, it's clear that, I mean, he, he wa he was a non-factor in this game. That was also the Eagles defense being incredible.


Yeah. I mean, last year the first thing that he said after the game was over was, we're coming back for three. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So he has had it in his head for the last two seasons. Like, keep playing and try to get the, the goal is to get three Super Bowls in a row. Now that you don't get that, I feel like that was a big driving factor in him spending another off season, staying in shape to play football. Yeah. This, yeah. I, I wouldn't be surprised if he did, but I don't know. He can still play. Yeah, absolutely. He, he played pretty well in the playoffs. He the first game of the playoffs. Yeah. The, the last two games, he, he was kind of nothing. I think, I think he'll probably be back, but Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. Uses the questions. I think He's done. You think he's done? Yeah. I think Taytay says, Hey, let's, let's go start a family.


Yeah. And like, he doesn't, he's got the podcast. His brother retired. It's like, dude, like imagine how much better the podcast would be if you retired too. That would suck though. Being like Right. You know, in 10, five years from now when he's retired and it's like, Hey, you were, you're on the wrong side of 40 and it was time to retire. But like, if you retire this year and then Mahomes wins another title, it's like, fuck. I could like getting off that boat, which would be very painful. I would probably do a fuckload of steroids this off season. Yeah. And then come back for one more year. One more year. Hope you don't get piss tested. Yeah. And then if you get piss tested, well The NFL needs you for Taylor And Blame.


And then on Taylor, No. If you get piss tested, you retire On the spot. Well you could also blame it on Taylor and then send the swifties at the NFL. That's true. That, That's probably your, that's actually a perfect crime. Yeah. You're a pervert, Roger. Yeah. Yeah. The Steroids got shipped to Taylor. Yeah. Right. And then the Swifties will just go after Roger and make his life hell. And then they'll just be like, you know what? We can't suspend him. I love that Hank the old Peyton Manning. Yep. Yeah. Roger Clemens Too. She was taking him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, but like, what's to stop you if you get the letter and they're like, Hey, you have a piss test in 12 hours. Just be like, my body's breaking down at this point. I need to spend more time with my family. I gotta retire. I'm retiring. That Would be the way to do it. Right? Yeah. Like load up on steroids this off season.


And then just hope you don't get that note. And if you do, okay, well then go do your podcast and date the most famous woman in the world. Pretty good alternative. Yeah.


I got a Rollback question we want to talk about Josh Allen. MVP in a second Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com. Promo code. Take my Rollback question is actually for memes. Mm. Memes. Memes. You had some quarterback news today. Aaron Rogers allegedly flew to New York to talk to Jet's ownership. And they said, nuh, we don't want you.


Yeah. What's, what's happening? It's over. It is. The Aaron Rogers experience is officially over. Damn. How? And, and the Devonte Adams, unfortunately. So you think that's definitely a package deal? 'cause I, I was talking to memes earlier and I was like, memes, how do you, how do you sell yourself? I feel like you're gonna spend the next three months just saying names, just muttering names to yourself. Yeah. And he's like, well it's gonna be great 'cause we're gonna get rid of Devonte Adams. And I was like, wait, like three months ago, Devonte Adams was the solution to everything. Now. Now getting rid of him is the solution. It is the solution. 'cause if you look at the, the cap hit it's $35 million and you could get five guys with that money compared to one aging receiver And all the toppings.


A giant bag flow of fries. Yeah. It's A on top. That's true. So What are you gonna do? You can draft a quarterback. You can draft a quarterback. But if we're gonna suck, I would rather just have fun watching football and just go with Jamis Winston for 17 games. Yep. Jamis love that Jamis Bridge, but bridge and win a Super Bowl. He said, he said on the part of my take interview that he wants to be a bridge quarterback and he wants to win a Super Bowl. I'm sold. He's the guy. 17 games. Nobody's given him a shot for 17 games since the Buccaneers, actually the Saints did. He started off five and two, beat the number one team in the NFC then got hurt. Seriously injured. Yes. Seriously injured. But if he comes to the Jets starts all 17 games number one C Super Bowl.


Wow, okay. Wow. And the playbook's out there. And how you beat Mahome. Do we have, can you pull up the Super Bowl odds for on DraftKings? I love doing that for next year. I would imagine the Eagles are the favorites to win the Super Bowl next year. I wonder where some of the other teams land. It's always fun to look at these. All right, so the Eagles right now are plus 600. The Chiefs are plus 700. These is all on DraftKings bills plus 700 Ravens, plus 700 Lions nine to one. And then it starts falling off to the Niners 15. Where are you commanders? 18 to one. I love, I love that the Bears are 40 to one, the Patriots are 80 to one and the Jets are 130 to one Oh Chargers.


Shane, 28 to one. We had good odds this year in Suck Dick. That's true. That's true. Who's, who's the bottom? Titans. Titans and Giants. Giants, yeah. 20,000 Giants plus 20,000. I saw that. I saw that clip of Saquon just shotgunning a beer so fast. And yeah, it's been a bad year for the Giants. Not great, Not not a great year for the Giants. So our good friend Josh Allen won MVP. Congrats to Josh. That was awesome. Congrat Josh. That was awesome. Very Happy for Josh. I was very excited for Josh. You were A hype. We got, I was so hyped. We got, we we went And we saw him. We got to hang out with him for a few minutes after he won the MVP. You got kind of emotional because right after they gave it to him. I be, I was, I heard some sniffles and Yeah.


I couldn't sleep. I could, I could, yeah. I could tell it meant a lot to you. Couldn't sleep. I was up till like three in the morning. Just thinking about Josh winning the MVP, I was so fucking pumped for him. So, congrats Josh. I am very, very happy for him. Yes. And we all are very cool to see. It's, it's, it sucks that he hasn't been able to get to a Super Bowl, but, you know, winning MVP being the best player in the league for a year is pretty awesome. So at, at the after party that we were lucky enough to get into, Josh was there and he had a reception line like it was his wedding where Yeah. You greet everybody that came out there. You say you, you know, say hi to him for about five seconds. Shake their hand, move on to the next person. Honestly, it must be pretty exhausting to win an MVP. Yes. That night must be very tiring. Yes. So we get up to him, we hand our phone.


Yeah. Me, Hank and Big Cat go up to Josh, shake his hand. I think he was pumped to see us. We hand the phone to Ryan Fitzpatrick. Yes. Who was standing next to us. Yes. And we're like, Fitzy, can you take this picture? He's like, yeah, I got you. Boys Took like, I don't know, six pictures, probably spent 10 seconds taking the pictures, handed the phone back. We look at it, my eyes are just closed in. Most of them. Mine weren't the complete opposite of big cats. And We're like, Hey Josh, can we take some more pictures? Yeah. Real quick. And Josh was like, yeah, absolutely. Guys fit Fitzy also took some selfies for my phone. He took some. So I have some selfies in my phone of, of Fitzy Me and Big Cat of wearing t-shirts. PFC was wearing at least a collared shirt. I think we were the only people. Yeah. Out of like 500 wearing a t-shirt. I walked in and, and I'm wearing a t-shirt with a joker on it and a and a Purple hat.


Hank, that's a, that's a $2,000 shirt that I'm wearing. Yeah. And I've never felt more outta place in my entire life. It was so hot in New Orleans. And I was so excited that I actually showed up in a sweatshirt and I just threw it out. I just, through, I left it, I just threw it on the ground. I was like, I'm just not gonna have this Anymore. Get so pumped. I was So pumped. I'm pumped. I've been over with Josh Allen fan, clearly so Fucking fun. He was nervous beforehand too. He, he was grinding his teeth and they were about to make the announcement. I was like, ah, he's so nervous. I just hope he wins. I wanted Him to win really bad. Alright, should we wrap up with who's back of the week?


Who's back of the week is brought to you by our friends at Reese's. Reese's Peanut butter cups are the perfect combo of chocolate and peanut butter. Reese's peanut butter cups may be even more perfect with a layer of ooey gooey, delicious chocolate lava. You can buy Reese's Cups basically anywhere. It's lava time baby. Try Reese's New delicious chocolate lava Big cup. We were having them basically the last month. I love them. They're so, so good. I'm a huge Reese's guy. The Reese's Lava cups are so good. Go get 'em right now.


Who's back in the week.


It's gonna be brought to you by Uber Eats our great friends at Uber Eats. They know it's winter and now you can get almost anything you need for the coldest months of, of the year delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a snowplow delivered, but you can get Snow peas delivered. Sunshine, that's a no, but a bottle of wine. That's a yes. Snow angel. Nope. Angel here. Pasta. Yep. Uber Eats can get you that along with a side of garlic bread and creme brulee to top it all off, get almost, almost anything for your winter delivered with the Uber Eats. Order Now. Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by region. See the app for details. Uber Eats my, my monthly Uber Eats bill for just frozen yogurt is outta this world. I use Uber Eats all the time and I haven't ordered Uber Eats to the wrong address in four months now. I think shout out Uber Eats. They make it very easy and you can get almost, almost anything.


Okay. Hank My who's back of the week is Dickie V. Yeah. Dickie V. Yes. He announced the Duke Clemson game. Duke jokes, but Dickie v after a battle with cancer is back on the mic. And, and that was beautiful to see. It is. He's so excited. I love Dickie V It was awesome to see him Back. Good for the sport. I Was like, all right, it's college basketball time and, and I was lucky enough to be greeted to to Dickie v's. First came back. Yeah. Dickie V He was college basketball for a very, very long time. You, he was the first person you thought of. Yeah. Does Cooper Flagg have a sweating problem? He Works hard. That's the second. I think Duke's only lost three games, but two of the three losses he has tripped and fallen at the end of the game because he's sweating so much.


I'd say they gotta step up their tail game. Yeah. Their, their mop game. Yeah. Rico Bosco. Is, is Duke one of his guys? Is he like a friend of the program? I don't think so. I don't think so. They should ask him. I don't Think so. He's just a Nate Oats guy Also. Wtte is back. Oh. Oh. How they're Coming out. The new album. Love that. Hell yes. 37 Chambers. Don't Let Martin Reley buy this one. Yeah. Yeah. Like all of Wu-Tang. Yeah, I think so. Well not ODB right. R-I-P-R-I-P-P-F-T. Your who's back? My who's back. I actually had an insult stat and I was gonna do an insult stat, but it doesn't feel right because it's about the Sixers. Oh. And you can't, tonight is not the night to shit on Philadelphia.


Well, let's hear it. Alright. Insult stat that I'm not gonna say that. I I was going to say, but I'm not going to outta respect for the City of Champions tonight. Since joining the Sixers, Paul George has uploaded more podcast clips to YouTube 228 than field goals made. Oh no. 191. Oh no, I'll say this. Respect the grind. His social guy is doing a great job. Yeah. Like 228 podcast clips. Like, you know, you know, you know how to generate revenue. That's pretty good. You're looking for your future after you're done playing. But then the fuel goals made 191. That doesn't sound quite as great. Yeah, I saw an insult tweet tonight that hurt me, but also was ex very accurate. It said, if you ever wondered what it would look like if the bears had drafted Patrick Mahomes, This is what It's, yep.


So that was an insult tweak. Yeah. You gotta make, you have to tie everything. If you don't have a dog in the fight, you have to find a way to make the Super Bowl about your team a little bit. Yeah. I mean, I, that was just some random guy who I, I think he, I don't even think he was a Bears fan. I think he was just stating the fact that this is what it would look like. Yeah. Yeah. Probably. So that's, that's not gonna be my who's back of the week, but it, it was going to be until Philly won. Do you wanna say what you, what you said in the gambling cave about the commanders, how you were happy. Oh Yeah. Yeah. You also, if you are a fan of a team that's in the same division as a Super Bowl champion, you have to figure out a way to spin zone it a little bit. Yeah. It's good that the Eagles won. This Is what p ft said in the middle of the game. It's good because number one, now people in the off season aren't gonna be sucking the commander's dicks so much and picking them to win the NFC East, if you have the, the reigning champion, you have to give them that respect.


So I'm glad that, that, that's not gonna be the case. Also, the commander's loss doesn't look so bad right now. True. 'cause the Eagles are a really fucking good team. True, True. Alright. My who's back is yet again another ridiculous fallout from the Luca trade. Patrick Dumont, who's the owner or governor, sorry, of the Dallas Mavericks had a statement and he said, in my mind, the way team, the way teams win is by focus, by having the right character, by having the right culture and having the right dedication to work as hard as possible to create a championship winning outcome. And if you're not doing that, you're going to lose. If you look at the greats in the league, the people you and I grew up with, Michael Jordan, Larry Bird, Kobe Bryant, Shaquille O'Neal, they worked really hard every day with a singular focus to win.


And if you don't have that, it doesn't work out. And if you don't have that, you shouldn't be part of the Dallas Mavericks. Shaquille O'Neal was one of the names he said there. Noted. I, I will basically not work out all summer and I'll get in shape when the season starts. Play my way into shape. Yeah. It was, I mean it's still crazy that we're, they're somehow are making it worse. The worst trade ever. They're making it worse. Davis got hurt, hurt and Anthony Davis got Hurt. He's out for several weeks, maybe a month. I Did see also Dalton connect his Back. Yeah. Dalton Connect. Good call. Right. That's gonna be awkward. Yeah. So yeah, I was thinking about this. Dalton Connect, the trade got, I think there was medical issues. So the trade got Vetoed. Yeah. Yeah. So he gets traded to the heart. Mark Williams, Williams had issues.


Yeah. Mark Williams has to pass a phy physical, allegedly he did not pass that physical. Correct. But all they said was like, there was some, I dunno, clause in the trade that was not satisfied. So now don't connect. Has to go back to Los Angeles. The trade deadline has passed. What's that like going back in the locker room? Awkward. After they traded you A little awkward Like you, like you're a cat that you tried to just drop off on the outskirts of town And he found his way back. Found his way Back there. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, where's Ben Simmons going? Six. He's on the Clippers. He got bought out. Oh, Perfect. He made Like $84 million with the nets. So you the the Luca thing, one last thing.


Mavs Muse, shout out Mavs Muse on Twitter. He said, boy Mahomes sure is struggling in the championships. Perhaps they should trade him in the dead of night and call him fat on the way out. That's pretty much, that would be what happens. Yeah. If, if they trade him homes in the next like week and they're like, yeah, he's he's fat. We had to do it. Or Andy Reed. Yeah. Can't do it. Okay. Could show boys football season's. Over What season is it now? Vacation season? It's college basketball season. But yeah, it is vacation. We are, so this week we will have a show on Wednesday. Pretty big guest on Wednesday. And then we will have our Dungeons and Dragons episode on Friday with Tim Woods.


Nick joins us and that will be, we're we're, we're going on vacation for a few days. We, we take a vacation after football season and then we'll be back on Monday. We're gonna do a Zoom episode on Monday And we have a extended NBA preview with Ryan. Ow. Yeah. It's a really good preview. So That will be the, the schedule. But regular show on Wednesday. We'll, we'll have a show every single day. We don't miss shows, but we will be taking a, a short vacation. Where are you going Hank? Arizona. Nice. Golf. Golf. How many rounds? Four. Fuck yes. Love that. Also, max is taking a vacation the week after we take a Vacation. Yep. He's going where? He's going to Aspen. Tahoe. Tahoe. Yeah.


Tahoe. Yeah. Me. So me and Big Cat. This is the second year that we've done this. The first time was in Normandy. Yeah. We accidentally scheduled our vacations to go to the exact same place without telling each other where we're going. Yeah. So if you, if you see us, we're not gonna say where we're going, but if you see us and you, because I get it every time I got it in France when people were like, they, they saw me on the streets of France. They're like, where's PFT? I was like, dude, I don't know. We're on vacation this time. It actually will work if you see one of us on vacation and you ask where the other one is, we just be like, yeah, he's down the hall. Right over there. Yeah. Look down the pool Completely unintentionally. Yeah. But we'll, we'll, we'll have fun. We're gonna go out to dinner one night.


Yep. Okay. Numbers also Wednesday. Maybe we pick up 40. We pick up some hobbies now the football's Over. Yeah. So this, we'll bring some hobbies. That's what we did last year. What are you gonna do with no football? Yeah. Should I text pug? Pug should get a say in this, right? Yeah. See if he can, he can submit a number also. I'm getting ro roast it on Twitter for calling it a score bug. What do you mean? That's what it is? It's a score Bug. Yeah. Some guy said the fuck is a score bug. It's called a scoreboard. That shit is called a scoreboard. No, that's just not true. Yeah. No. Alright. Pug says 99, max says 11.


This guy's so wrong. It's not even close. Scoreboard is in the stadium. Okay. Pug. Nine. Nine max 11 numbers for everyone else. 33 55. 5 3 21 Jack, 55. Did you guys, did you guys know Jack's last name? Yeah. Wiper. Yep. It's pretty cool. I like it. Jack Wiper. I like it. I'm not gonna do, I'm not Gonna do translate still.


Roman swipe. I was just gonna say, I was just gonna say middle school T-shirt. Okay. 40, 33. 3 21 65. So close Jack. Love you guys.