
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music On today's, Pardon My Take. We have maybe the craziest twofer that we've ever had. We have Bo Bond and Brett Bima in Studio Boban over Zoom. Brett Bema in studio, both incredible interviews. We're gonna talk about Game seven. We got a game seven Sunday night. The NBA season lasts one extra game because the Pacers came out with authority. We also are gonna talk a little Stanley Cup cleanup with all the celebrations that rock Connor McDavid may be wanting to leave Edmonton.


We have Fyre Fest Of The Week, and then we'll send you into the weekend into a game seven.


And it's brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. This is your last chance to bet on the NBA until next season. And Draftking Sports booking, official sports betting partner of the NBA is pulling out all the stops to make this a finals. To remember, one team will be Crown Champ and the other will be lost to history. Who you got winning it all. Put your hoops expertise to the test. All season long DraftKings has been the go-to spot for NBA player props. And that doesn't stop. Now. Who's gonna carry their team to their, to the chip? Try placing a bet on your personal MVP to drop 30 40 over or over 50 Ready to place your first bet. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and finish the season as a winner. Here's something special. For the first timers, new DraftKings customers bet $5. Get $300 in bonus bets. If BET wins. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA this season. Download the DraftKings Sports app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets if your bet wins when you bet five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Police play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas 21 and over in eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. BET must win to receive reward minimum minus 500 odds required. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. Football. My my, yeah, my, my, yeah. Pardon My Take.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Don't miss your last chance to bet on the NBA this season. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers to get $300 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours.


Today is Friday, June 20th and PFT. The two best words in sports game seven. Were there because the Indiana Pacers absolutely dominated the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday night in game six. This is the first game seven in the NBA finals we will have in the last nine years. Last one was the Warriors Cavs, the three one comeback. It is also just the fifth NBA finals game seven we're gonna have in the last 30 years. So we did it a series that everyone thought was going to be boring. That thought was going to be a blowout.


We are getting our first game seven in almost a decade, and it's because the Indiana Pacers do not quit. And this team is just flat out fun. Yeah, I I thought that it was gonna go seven. I had no idea how I thought that. I thought that the Pacers were gonna figure out some way to do it, and they did it by just making the Thunder Defense look pedestrian and by making their offense look like dog shit. Yeah. And I, I don't know, I don't know if Game seven is gonna be competitive 'cause we haven't, we've had a few competitive games, but it feels to me like this is, I don't wanna be disappointed by game seven. I'm excited that we have a game seven. The Pacers were great tonight. It just felt tonight like there was no chance that we're gonna lose the, from the pre-game when Pascal aka levitated into a different plane when he was communing with, with ancient spirits, whatever he was doing with his eyes rolled back in his head looking like he was plugged into the Matrix.


It was, it felt like it was game over from the opening tip. Yeah, it was, it was, I mean, it was pretty much wire to wired. The, the thunder were, you know, the first half or the first quarter. And then the, the Pacers started to pull away the second quarter. The Pacers were incredible. The craziest thing, this was the most Pacers game possible. And I say that obviously Tyrese, Hal Halliburton has, has been injured. And he, he played tonight, which was great to see. But when I say it's the most Pacers game possible, it's a team. They're, they're, they're such a team where they were up 30 going into the fourth quarter. They won this game by 17 points. And it was obviously more than 17.


There was a lot of like scrubs in the, in the in in the final quarter. The leading scorer was Obie Toppin with 20 points. No one was over 20 points. That's a full team basketball. They had every guy contribute. TJ McConnell might be the best basketball player ever. I I like in terms of just the minutes he provides. It's crazy watching him. They even said it on the broadcast because it's like, how are you at this point in this series? If you're the Oklahoma City Thunder? If TJ McConnell comes into the game, how do you not realize that he is going to steal the pass when you inbound the ball? If you do a lazy inbound pass after a bucket, TJ McConnell will be there. TJ McConnell's getting rebounds over Hartenstein.


He's on the floor, he's going to the basket. He's just instant energy. And he and Obie topping together. Like that was what happened in that second quarter was the two of them basically like won the, this game in those moments. And then it was just too much of a, a hill for the thunder to overcome. I was hit it when announcers say like, this guy, this guy wants it more. Or if a coach says, you guys gotta want it more, you don't want enough. 'cause it's never really true. 'cause everybody wants to win. But it is true with TJ McConnell, he does actually in fact want it more. Yeah. He wants it 110% as much as anybody. And dude, he's, he's fun to watch. And this Pacers team, it's like they are Hoosiers. It's like we're watching Hoosiers in real life in the NBA.


I expect Dennis Hopper to come stumbling onto the court and puke everywhere. It's, it's, it's so much fun to watch when they're clicking. They're a great basketball team when they get the ball moving that, that dunk that Akaka had where it was like, it was legitimately like two great assists on the same play. He was a hockey assist and then a great No, look it, there was just no stopping him tonight. I did like Rick Carlisle's move too in the fourth quarter when I think the thunder cut it to like 24 points. Carlisle takes a time out and he is like pissed off. Yeah. And he's like, we're not letting this happen. We're not, because I've seen this happen. We've done it to other teams before. We're only up 24 now. Lock the fuck In. Yeah. And Rick Carlisle also another great move, which just doesn't really happen in sports.


Tyrese Halliburton was obviously questionable for this game. He had an MRI, he's got a calf injury and like two hours before the game, Rick Carlisle was like, yeah, we tested him. He's playing. And, and the reporter was like, why would you give that away? He is like, dude, we're, we're in game six. Like, we're like, we're not gonna win this game because we, we didn't tell him Tyree Hur, Hal Burton was playing until tip off. Like, we gotta go just play and win this game. And by the way, the, the, the TJ McConnells stat that's crazy to the wanting it more because it is a cliche, it's stupid. But I, he does play with such an insane amount of energy that I think it just fucks up everyone on the court. He's six one in the first half, he was leading the Indiana Pacers in rebounds with five.


He finished the game with 12 points, nine rebounds, six assists, and four steals. Think about that. And that was 24 minutes of gameplay. It's just been, and they're just a team. Like the whole team aka is still like, he, he's just steady Eddie. Like every night. He's just awesome. And it's just, and Obie ty, like, I, I just love watching the Pacers play basketball. And I know that this game seven's gonna be a, a, a dog fight because you do always have like the team that needed it more and the thunder thought they could kind of just like show up and the Pacers would quit. But that's just, these Pacers are not quitting. They're, they're not a quit team.


I'm calling it tonight. This is a legacy game. Game seven for Thunder. Mm. And Thunder Princess. Yeah. This is what it's all about. Do I wanna, I you have to have the best chest paint that you can possibly get. I wanna see here's, here's my metric. The Larry O'Brien trophy has to be on Thunder's chest, has to, or on his belly. Has To, has To, you have to have the trophy. There Has to, by the way, are you sure you're gonna wanna do a legacy game for them? Because they're a Actually tonight was already a legacy game for the Thunder. No, this is for Thunder. Yeah, I know I legacy game. I I know it's for Thunder Door, but, but, but The Thunder actually lost their legacy game. So it's kind of actually over before the game, skip Bail has said the thunder need to win convincingly tonight for Legacy for some of the historical respects it deserves and isn't getting.


So what happens when you lose a legacy game in Game six and then still have to play game seven? You're, you don't have anything to play for. Yeah. They got nothing left. You'd Almost, you'd almost rather lose this game seven. Yeah. Because if they, if the Thunder win this game seven, then they're gonna have to answer questions for the rest of their lives about how they tarnished their legacy with this NBA championship. Yeah, I would agree. And listen, SGA was bad tonight. He was turning the ball over. He had eight turnovers. It, it felt like the Pacers that they, they, the adjustment they made was, instead of outside TJ McConnell, who is just playing defense at all times on all parts of the court, like they, they kind of load the thumb.


They're like, Hey, we're not gonna pressure you full court, but the minute you get across half court, like we're gonna be in every passing lane. It felt like the Pacer's energy on defense was the difference in this game where they were in, they were disrupting everything. They were basically, they thundered the thunder. They did what the Thunder had been doing to other teams tonight to the Thunder and the Thunder. Like they, they just, they were so, they were so bad offensively. And that even that third quarter where it's like we were watching it and Max had his free bet. Shout out DraftKings. And we were, we were, we were trying to get the, the thunder back the game and it was so clear. Like the Thunder defense started to wake up.


The thunder couldn't hit an open shot. They could not hit a shot. They had moments where they were like, I think the, I think the first four minutes of the third quarter, it was like oh four 11 combined by both teams. They just could not climb back in. They, like, that was the moment where the Pacers maybe weren't playing their best and then they got their footing again and it was over. They had their lowest point total through three quarters of the entire season. The Thunder did. So they picked, they picked a bad time to have an all time stinker of performance for that team. I do think that they're gonna win Game seven, but I'm hoping for a great game. I wanna see like a game seven that lives up to the words Game seven. Yeah. Yeah, because you said it.


Game seven best two words in sports. I would disagree. I would say Jamis Winston. But it's certainly up there. The words are great, but we haven't seen a great game seven in an NBA finals in a long time. We deserve it as a nation. We haven't, We haven't seen one in a long time. Listen, there, there hasn't been one in nine years. Yeah. Yeah. And that was actually a great game the last time that it did happen. Yeah. But I wanna see a great game. Seven. And listen, we credit to the NBA, you've pushed off Mount Rushmore season for as long as you possibly can. Yeah. This is as late as it could go. So I know Zach's chomping at the bit to get involved to get in the arena. Yeah. Yeah. He is. Max, what were you gonna say? I wanna hear Max Ranch real quick because he was very mad at, at the, at the Thunder.


I mean, the Pacers did everything they could to allow the thunder to get back in that game to start the second half. And they just had no plan. They came out in the second half with zero. They were already onto to game seven at halftime. Yeah, it did, did feel that way when This entire NBA playoffs teams have been coming back down 20 in every round. And they just came out and were like complacent to go to game seven. The Pacers couldn't make a shot just for the first five minutes of the second half. And the Thunder did nothing. That's, that's why. And Sha Didn't even shoot the ball. Yeah. That's why I said Obie topping and TJ McConnell won this game. Oh yeah, because that, that was that second quarter. Yeah. It was just like, all right, I guess we'll just go to game seven now. Like, it's, it's over. But yeah, it was, they had, they, they had that chance. They were, the Pacers weren't shooting.


Well, all they had to do was knock down a couple shots, put a little game pressure on 'em, maybe get it tight and No, they just didn't. They were, you're right. I do think they were kind of on to game seven. Chet Holmgren not the guy. Yeah. I mean, they did not, not the guy. Not, Not a guy. Can I just say something about Chet? I just would like for him to stop falling down at all times. Like, and he doesn't actually fall down. He just looks like he's about to fall down. Like he, when he's going forward dribbling his body looks like it's about to fall down. Yeah. He's got the long limbs and they flail out and it's like Bugs Bunny with a cloud of dust underneath his feet. You think he's going to hit the deck? He's not, he's not the most, not the most coordinated individual, but I think he'll get there Right now.


He is like a baby deer that's walking on ice for the first time. But then he makes, plays like that. It was maybe two minutes into the game that post movie had on AKA that was just like, holy shit. Like that's why you, that's why you think he's gonna be great. And he he definitely could be great. But yeah, he's they're gonna need him. They're gonna need him. They're gonna need, they're gonna need jw. They're gonna need SGA to be the MVP. That's the big thing. 'cause like eight turnovers. Oof. Oof. Yeah. Yeah. If you're Chet, you've got, you've got like two choices with which direction you're gonna go with your look. Either you're gonna grow the hair out, grow the beard out, become like Bill Walton Light, or you're gonna get, you're gonna try to swag it up and get the nice tight fade. You're gonna get the nice facial hair dressed stylishly.


And then if you choose that route, the second you do anything slightly athletically, it looks way, way worse. Can I throw out a little conspiracy theory? Just throw it out there. Let's, let's just throw one out there. Brian Windhorst conspiracy theory. So obviously every sport now isn't a sport unless they have a Netflix documentary, right? In season, the starting five Netflix documentary, season two, which was announced in October, James Harden, Kevin Durant, Jalen Brown, SGA, Tyrese, Halliburton.


So this should be a pretty awesome, if they're still taping it, which I would assume they are. Do you think Netflix may be paid extra to have this be the finals matchup and a game seven? Just not gonna put it past anyone? I'd say definitely. I would say what I would say, without a doubt, I'd say the proof that you need is literally just a single tweet from Shams announcing the cast in October. Wait, they're recording it now. I would assume they're still recording. This is from October la like October to start the season. Shams said here is the five guys that Netflix is following for the entire season. And sg and SGA and Tyrese are part of that.


I, they ca they could have stopped recording in the middle of the playoffs. Season one. They followed Jason Tatum around. Yeah. Right. And they followed through the championship. Interesting. So, oh, that's interesting. Netflix, who Else is in season One? Yeah. Who else is in season one? Memes. Anthony Edwards, Saboni, Jimmy Butler, Taylor Jimmy Butler, and I can't remember. LeBron James. LeBron James. Okay. Whatever. We didn't even follow him. All, all guys that made the playoffs Interesting. Yeah, but the Netflix is two for two for getting the finals guy actually. Oh, okay. So yeah, I'm just saying, just throwing it out there. There could be no other explanation for it. None.


It's not like Netflix would pick great young players that are highly probable to go far in the playoffs. I actually would love to see like a Netflix documentary for like just middling in bad teams. Okay. We got, we got Jor, we got Jordan Pool, we got Zion, we got, we got Cevi. Like, we, like, we're gonna watch these guys scratch and Claw for lottery picks in, in, in the playin tournament. They Already do a, a Zion documentary. It's called Cops. Mm, Yes. The, the, the I'm, I'm excited for game seven. That's all I gotta say. I'm just excited for game seven. Yeah. Yeah. Very excited.


I'm, I'm, I'm pumped. I'm glad that we get more basketball in our lives. Yeah.


Okay, let's talk a little more sports and then we'll get to our interviews. We got Boban and Brett Boma two great, great interviews. Before we do that, Gametime, there's nothing like getting to a baseball game, especially last minute. Lucky for me, I always use Gametime, the official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports Gametime makes getting tickets faster and easier. Price on the app actually go down the closer it gets to Showtime, they even get exclusive zone deals. You let them choose your seats within a given set of zones and you get huge savings in return. You put those savings back in your pocket and spend them at the, the ballpark on a hotdog, a new hat, or some good old fashioned cracker jack. If you're in Chicago, you can get 10% off zone deals for the Cubs at home on Sunday, June 22nd verse The Mariners, just look for zones 29 through 32 or zones 2 0 3 through 2 0 8 on the Gametime app. Guess what? I'm gonna be at that game. I'm going to that game. I'm gonna try to hit two games this weekend, but I'm definitely going Sunday. So take the guesswork outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account and redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime.


Alright. PFTI have a couple other things. The first is I just love watching Stanley Cup final celebrations. The guys out at the elbow room all hours we had, well actually what we should, Zach, what was your favorite? Because you, you are from the state of Florida. I would probably have to say that the Barkov video, when he's strolling up to the ring camera with the trophy to show his his neighbor late night. Like imagine rolling outta bed and getting that notification of it's just bar coving the boys at the ring camera. Yeah. Like, Hey, you wanna Check this out, man? Yeah. I think it's an all time neighbor move. Yeah. P ft. Zach almost cried when I told him to sit in your seat.


He was like, I can't do that, sir. Yeah. I cannot do that. That was a, that was a great Zach reveal. Yeah. Yeah. It was a great Zach reveal. I was like, Zach, don't say anything. Yeah. And he was like, can we preload this question please? I was like, yeah, I'm gonna ask you about what your favorite celebration. And he's like, okay. He's like, PF is PFT gonna be mad at me? I was like, no. It's gonna be funny when halfway through the, you know, show we just reveal that you're sitting in his seat. He's blinked a billion times since he's been sitting in that seat. Like he's gone full. I swear to God a billion times since he sat down there so nervous. He's only been blinking. PFTI respect you as a broadcaster. So I just didn't want to be, I didn't want to step on any toes. And I appreciate you allowing me to have sit Here right now. Well, he, he actually hasn't yet. Oh, that's a great point.


Yeah, you can re Oh, that's a great, yeah. For Did you wanna ask me if it's okay? Was it all right that I sat here for a little bit? Absolutely not. I Okay, I get You. Ever, you ever, you ever see, you ever read about the Yankees Wally pip? What does that, that's what I'm going through right now. Oh no, not at all. I You've taking my job. No, no, no sir. Not at all. Not at all. You're a fantastic broadcaster. A lot of respect for your broadcasting abilities. I, I can get out of this seat soak like Me. That's the first time anyone's ever called me a broadcaster. Great. Zach Though. Did you like that? Did, did you like the Zach was It was good. I did. It was it, it, it took my breath away.


Zach. You did a great job. I also, you know what's crazy? You're sitting in that chair. My favorite celebration was Barkov showing up on the ring camera. Yeah. It's so good. That's A Great way. That's why, that's why I had to go to him there. 'cause I was like, wait, fuck the plan's gonna get foiled. 'cause Pft is definitely gonna bring up barcode before Zach can. Yep. That was so sick. And we know also Barcos hand, Zach bark's hand. He's, he got cut in half at the beginning of the series. Zach, do we know who the guy's ring camera? Like who, who lives in that house? If I told you a name right now, it wouldn't be the truth. 'cause I'm not sure who lives in the home. I should have had that for you. That's my fault, but I can't find out for you.


Yeah, Appreciate it. That's why you're a great broadcast. Yeah, Yeah. We had a lot. Zach, Go ahead. Do we know if it was like a, a friend of his or an acquaintance? I don't need to know the guy's name. I just don't know. Like I, in my mind it would rock if it was just like a random house that he showed up to. So Contact Clues tells me like, oh, he's gotta have like a decent neighbor relationship with the guy. Or if they're not really friendly, it's kinda like, Hey man, look at this. Like, I just did this tonight. What did you do? Like I'm a Stanley Cup winner maybe? Yeah. Oh yeah, maybe. I think maybe It was, I think I would look at if this guy was like a, if he had a Panthers flag that he flew outside his house and Barkov saw it every day, but maybe hadn't met the guy one-on-one yet, but knew he was a Panthers fan.


And then with a Stanley Cup he shows up, rings his doorbell. That's how they meet each other for the first time. In my mind, that's how it went down. Yeah. What a way to introduce Yourself. Yeah. Max, you have, you have the guy's name? Nope. Oh, memes. You have the guy's name. The guy who posted it was Roger Rojas. Who's that? Oh, the guy who posted it. He Had the original video. Got it, got it. So that that answers that. It's just his neighbor also. Speaking of neighbor stuff, do you see Brad Marshawn that people were like, all right, I gotta take that. People are probably gonna be mad at, can you go back to pf t's face? Sorry, I was looking up Roger Rojas.


There was, there was a, a story that Brad Marshon, I think like before game se six, he accidentally left his garage door open when he left, like the day before for practice or whatever. And his neighbor went over and was like, Hey, your garage door's open. I wanted to let you know. And then Marshawn gave him tickets to game six. I feel like that's just a fair trade. Like if I left my garage door open and my neighbor did, I would do something nice for him. Not that Brad Machar's not a great guy. Yeah. It's just like, that feels fair. Like that's a, when you leave your garage door open, there's no worse feeling than leaving your garage door open for like an a day and coming back and be like, holy fuck. What, what just happened?


Yeah. All time neighbor move. I've got a neighbor named Blake that came over one time and was like, Hey, your garage door's been open for eight hours. He gets tickets to the Colts. Yeah, yeah, that's right. So yeah, I mean Brad Marshon is, it is a very nice move also. He looks like he's having the best time ever. There was that picture of him, like he had a cigar and three different drinks in his hands. It was like a beer, an energy drink and a coffee. He's, he looks like he's having the best winning, Winning the Stanley Cup. It's gotta it is gotta be the best feeling in the entire world. And I heard that they dented the cup and, and they're, they're actively repairing the cup now because that thing has been through hell, like the, the Stanley Cup, if it could talk, it's seen some shit.


And so they, I think they cracked the bowl on it, maybe dented the side and then the, the keeper of the cup was like, that's fine, we gotta contingency plan, we'll repair this. We got a guy that takes care of it in like six hours. Yeah. They're used to just like being on the spot, fixing that thing up. The guys that like take it to their hometowns. I love that. You just, if you win the Stanley Cup, you stay drunk for two months and it's gotta be the best feeling in the world. Yeah, It really does. Also, we had the one celebration that didn't go well for the Panthers. I dunno if you saw this p ft in the locker room, they did a selfie cam on a champagne bottle and it was just a highlight tape of them all facially themselves. Yeah. They didn't think that one through. Yeah, I did. That one was a little Weird. No, that's, this is why you gotta hire a couple shithead to be involved with your media production team.


Yeah, because we could, if you had, if you pitched that to us, we would've been like, oh, you're, you're gonna do the, you're gonna do the what he sees Cam, right? Right. Yeah. You just need some trolls. You need to hire a couple trolls who like, look at this content. What, what's the worst case scenario here? And they'll find it in a second. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wait, wait. You want every guy on the team to open up their mouth as wide as they can and then pour foam into it? Yes. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Should we just put the browsers logo on the GoPro? Or Wait, Also, speaking of Stanley, the cup shout Seth Jones Black Hawks for Life. But he is the first Seth to ever be on the Stanley Cup.


Pretty cool. I don't know. Cool. That's a pretty cool thing. Very cool. Yeah. I always love that with Stanley Cup. They're like, this name's never been on the Stanley Cup. First Seth ever. Seth, you would think that there, you would think that there would've been some Seths. Yeah. You'd think there'd be least like a son of Seth. One Seth. And then I saw congrats On the Seth. I, I saw, I saw there's a stat that it's, it's basically you, the odds of you winning a championship at one of the four major sports is significantly higher. If your name is Mike, Mike is the most common name on the state, like on all of the trophies, like in terms of winning em. So it's the third most common name on the Stanley Cup. And then there's a lot of obviously Super Bowls and basketball.


So name your kid, Mike. What's the most common name on the Stanley Cup if you had to guess? I know it, I have it in front of me. Do you want it? Okay, I Got, I got a couple guesses. Okay. Yeah, I guess I, I have one, two and three. Three is Mike, gimme the other two. Okay. I think, oh wait, that one of them do not have it. Wait, I might not have it. Hold on. I might have the most common full name. That's just guys who've won it the most. No, you, I I think these probably make sense. Go ahead. Okay. I think number one, we're not, Chris, is we gonna, we're not gonna fact check after this. No, Chris is not. I think these make sense. It's not Okay. I think I have the stat right, Bob and Bill, doesn't that make sense?


Bob makes sense. Yeah. Bob makes sense. Wait, Bob and Bill or Robert and William. Bob and Bill. I'll have to, I'll have to re re recheck this, but yeah, I'll have to, I'll have to recheck it, but it's Well, you got it. Oh, he's got it. Look at that you, yeah. No, right. Bob and Bill, here's a list of the, the eight most common names appear on the Stanley Cup with the three most notable entries for each one, Bob and Bill. So that's pretty cool. It's Bob, bill, Mike. That's cool. John, Dave, Ken, Doug, Joe. Those are the eight. Those are the most, yeah, those are the most generic names ever. I love it. It's perfect. And I feel like Bob is a very like, Canadian generic name too, you know, 'cause it couldn't be, it is, yeah.


It couldn't be an American. Like I, I don't think Orion would work on a, on the Stanley Cup. I, I was talking to a friend, new employee, TBO Be Bear and Tbo said that he's got an uncle whose name is Billy Bob, which is a great Louisiana name, but Billy Bob's name is not William Robert. It's not even William Bob. It's, his name is actually just Billy Bob. That's like his actual, like, that's just like his, his birth certificate is Billy Bob. His birth certificate is Billy Bob. That's awesome. Yeah. That's great. That is awesome. And very Louisiana. Very very Louisiana. Alright. Other stories? The Lakers Sold For $10 billion, but not actually, Yeah, So well What do you mean not actually Valuation was 10 billion.


The guy who bought the Lakers, who kind of a sick fact. He, he lives in Chicago. He lives like a mile away from me in, in this office. I don't know why he's not buying the Bulls and, and the White Sox, but whatever. That's neither here nor there. I mean, not actually in the fact that he already owned a percentage of the team and he didn't buy a hundred percent. So he didn't actually it wasn't $10 billion. Here's $10 billion. It was somewhere around four because he bought the majority of the team at a valuation of $10 billion. So when I was reading about this, so he bought the, the majority stakeholder ownership from the bus family.


Yep. And we Bus is still going to be the governor of the team. Is that true? That feels like a Mark Cuban situation where they have a deal. Yeah. And the minute, like one season goes by and the guy's like, wait a second, I paid $4 billion and I don't get to make the decisions. That's not gonna keep going. So I would say Genie Bus is probably Yeah. Like imagine if they did something like Trade Luca. Yeah. Right, right, right. Now Now you, you put your fingers up. Another another win horse question. Question. Okay. Isn't it interesting that the Lakers got a screaming good deal on what's going to be the face of their franchise for the next 10, 15 years right before they sold?


Mm. Isn't that interesting? Isn't that interesting? Like how much, how much do you, obviously the Lakers historic franchise, the brand valuation's gonna be high no matter what. How much do you think Luca actually increased the brand valuation for this sale? Would you say he's worth like $500 million worth of equity? I don't know it. He's definitely worth something obviously. But obviously you're also like, It's the security of knowing that you have a superstar for the next 10 years. Yeah. And it's interesting because what you're saying starting to add up, you can put your fingers down now. Zach still had his fingers. He he was holding 'em under the table.


Yeah. It's interesting you say that because it happened. So there's been a lot of talk about NBA TV ratings. There's been a lot of talk about these finals ratings. There's been a lot of talk about where's where the league is going. There's been a lot of people bullying Adam Silver online and then the, I would say the, the most, the, the, the highest price franchise in the NBA, the, the like team that you think of. It's the Lakers sells for $10 billion and now the NBA can be like, Hey, our assets are so like crazy. Look at how, look at how healthy this league is because we're selling for $10 billion.


That's more than a lot of NFL franchises. Yeah, that's interesting. Every NFL franchise. Well, I mean, not actually every, 'cause if the Cowboys were to be for sale tomorrow, they would sell for, for significantly more. Right. But I'm saying up until now, up now everything that's actually been sold. Yes. The Lakers just set the market for highest price sports team in America. Correct. Yeah. It it is, it's very interest Also. Big Cat. You know what's interesting is if you look back over the last, what, three years Mark Cuban sold the Dallas Mavericks, the Celtics got sold to the symphony guy, Billy Strings, the Lakers just got sold.


Is that, is that a good sign for every other owner if all the like preeminent owners are selling their teams right now? Like if you went outside right now and every dog in your neighborhood was sprinting full speed down the street, like towards towards the west, would you be like, oh, this is good. Yeah, if I'm another owner, I'm looking at all these historic franchises, probably the three groups that would have like the closest relationship with Adam Silver and the powers of be they're all cashing out right now. Wait, I I would look at my place and be like, are is it, are we hitting the bubble? I, all right. So Dallas and Celtics, I agree with you Lakers.


I would say this is gonna maybe be a trend where you have Jerry Buss buys the Lakers, whatever it was 40 years ago for $67 million. And from all accounts, the bus family, they don't have anything else. They don't have any other businesses. It's a mom and pop shop in that respect where it's like this is the family business. So when you can buy something for $67 million and then sell it for $10 billion, especially when you don't have just like, you're not liquid and it's the next generation. That one makes sense. But you're right on the Celtics in and the Mass, I'd be like, huh, that's weird. Maybe this new guy that buys the Lakers, maybe he takes like two, three years changes a bunch of stuff.


Everybody gets mad at him and then he sells it back to Jeanie Bus for $1. Mm. That would be sick. Maybe some gambling commissions get involved. Yeah, he also owns the Dodgers and he's been doing a pretty good job with them. Mark Walter, so, and Chelsea. Yeah. And I still don't understand why he's not buying any, why didn't he just offer a Godfather offer to Jerry Reinsdorf? He lives in Chicago. I don't get it. I Think so he lives in Chicago but owns the Dodgers. He owns the Dodgers. Lakers. I assume he has a house in, in LA but I he Probably has maybe a condo. He's probably got, yeah, like maybe just like a, maybe, maybe he's got like a timeshare in LA Yeah, He might, he might crash into IL's basement.


Yeah, I'm sure there's a good, I'm sure there's a good explanation that would take two seconds that I didn't just look up. But I just know that this guy, 'cause he built a house that I used to, I used to live like maybe four blocks away from the street and he like bought five lots in like 2012 and built this like insanely large house in Chicago. He should have just bought the bus. Yeah. Yeah, that would be nice. That would be great. It'd be great for the city. But since he does own, I mean he's got a pretty good track record with the, with the Dodgers, so I'm sure, I'm sure the Lake Lakers will be fine, but end of an era. Yeah. End of an era. The boss family, although she is still the governor.


Okay. Speaking of the Dodgers, did you see PFTI have two baseball things for you. One, we were robbed of an, I have one baseball. Okay. We were robbed of immaculate inning. I dunno if you saw this, but that was bullshit. The Dodgers Yamamoto almost had an immaculate inning, which is three strikeouts, no balls to start the inning or to finish the inning. So it would be pitching a nine inning pitch or nine pitch inning. And he got absolutely hosed on the last strike, which was very much a strike, but called the ball. That was bullshit. And then I just wanted to say, I feel really bad for Arkansas, Razorback baseball fans. I watched that game on Wednesday night.


They're the most cursed team. This happens to them every time they go to Omaha. But they had LSU beat and their like, incredible shortstop who's one of their best players. Just decided with a guy on first and second and won out to throw to third to get the force out at third, instead of turning a double play that would've been a double play ending the game. And then the next batter hit it to left field and the left fielder misjudged it. The ball ate him up. And that was that It was al almost an impossible way to choke a game away. And, and, and the Razorbacks found a way to do it. It sucked. I felt bad for the left fielder. I, I don't know. Did it hit him like in the chest, in the shoulder and it balanced away?


Did he lose his balance? I, I don't know, but I, it it's a very, very tough sport to lose in that fashion. Like there's, and there's nowhere to hide in left field. You have to, you have to keep playing in the game and you have to just stand there and just think about it while everybody's staring at you. I, I felt bad for that kid, But I, I felt bad for him. But I, and I know you can't throw your teammates under the bus. You just be like, dude, what, what was my shortstop doing? Max, did you see this? Did you see him not turn the double play? I I I did not see this. Okay. I thought maybe you had but go look it up. It's, it's an insane thing that they could have won this game and like I know the left fielder fucked up, but he should never have been in that situation.


It should have been game over. It does feel like LSU team of destiny though. Yeah, It does. Alright. What was your baseball thing? My baseball thing was more of like a national sports podcast thing. Okay. Slash baseball thing. You gotta buy all the James Woodstock that you can get right now. Yeah. Buy it. Buy it. He's, he's amazing. 22 years old. I think he's got 20 dingers right now. 50 some rbis. Hit a walk off home run today, hit two home runs today. It was against the Colorado Rockies. So asterisk on that. But the Nats were in a bad losing streak. But James Wood, I think, I think we're gonna have a James Wood face of baseball conversation. Ooh. In the next two years. You think it's gonna be our lefties.


He's that good. And he, You think it's be our left going up against each other. 'cause PCAI think he was the fourth fastest to get 20. 2020. He had his 20th home run. 20 stolen bases today. Yeah. So yeah, we're gonna have a lefty off The league's in good left hands right now. It's very good. That's, that's exciting. They're very good. Yeah. But, but I, I know that the nationals not necessarily the sexiest team right now. They're better than people thought that they would be if you take out this losing streak recently. But they're, they're a fun team and they're young and so I think within the next two, three seasons they're gonna be contending for something. But James Wood in particular, I love watching this guy play baseball.


Absolutely love it. Yeah. That, That walk off today was awesome. Was awesome. Did you see it? Did you see it Max? Yeah. That's a guy who going into that play was like, no matter what, I have to get the lead runner at third without having like any feel for the moment and like being, you got that. That's the e that's the most tailor made double play ever I've ever seen. It was literally hit to him to to to turn a double play. Yeah. And then, and then nothing else happens, but It, but it's like, it, it's exactly that situation. It's like I'm going to third no matter what, when this balls hit to me and you just can't think that way. Yeah. Yeah. It was crazy. Yeah. It's like right before the pitch he heard somebody yell like, hey, force base. Yeah. Lead Runner. Force base. Get the lead runner. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah.


Brutal, brutal for Arkansas. And then finally we just had, I don't know what was in the water on Wednesday, but Shado Sanders and Zach Edie both getting pulled over for going 101 miles an hour was, was just a funny, I don't, I don't know how that that happened, but it was just funny to see it back to back. Yeah. Yeah. So Shero Sanders, apparently he's been cited for speeding twice now. Oh. In the last month since he's been, been up in Cleveland. So we've got a lot of people asking a lot of questions about what this means about his maturity. I, I don't really care like, hun you shouldn't drive a hundred miles an hour. I'm not gonna make a decision on whether or not he's a good quarterback based on the fact that he sped twice in the last month.


I will say coaches always tell you if you're gonna make a mistake, make it going a hundred miles per hour. That's facts. Can I say I don't coach, I don't care because he's not the starter. Yeah. Does that And Joe Flacco let's, yeah. Let's be honest. Joe Flacco, his car doesn't go a hundred miles per hour. Yeah. His car tops out probably at like 72. It's a minivan. So we're not gonna run into any of these issues with Joe Flacco at quarterback. But yeah, I would imagine that Chador probably drives a car that sticks out a little bit. Just taking a guess that he might enjoy a nice, nice vehicle. You gotta be smarter than that. You gotta be smarter than that.


Dion. Do. Do you agree with my take though that like, I don't, I don't care about speed. I don't need to hear about speeding tickets. If you're the third string quarterback or fourth string quarterback, it just isn't relevant to me. So I'm, I'm more okay with a third string quarterback speeding than I would be with the second quarterback. Speeding. If it, if you're the second stringer and you're speeding, that's red flag. If you're the starter, don't really care either. Third string don't really care either. But if you're the backup, that's a guy that's gotta be going like 60 miles an hour. Yeah. He's gotta be the safe guy For sure. Hands a ten two. Absolutely. Alright, we got anything else, Zach?


We miss anything? Any other celebrations? The Panthers are having the best time ever. Oh, the Conor McDavid thing. Did you see the quote? So we, I we, we taped the FY Fest earlier in the day and I did mention a quote about his, it was an old quote about what he liked about Edmonton. He also had media today and he basically was like, we've been doing the same thing with the same guys and I gotta talk to my agent. It feels, I don't know what's I, he's got one year left in his contract. We're gonna have Whitney on next week in person when we go to the Rider Cup, see what's going on. But yeah, that, that didn't feel like a great, and, and Conrad David is kind of like a grump in all of his press conferences.


So I'll, I'll at least put that context in there that it's not like he's the most gregarious guy and then all of a sudden he was like very down today. But the wording of how he phrased everything and talking to his agent and being like, we've kind of been together and done this and not gotten through. And also Skinner asked for a trade doesn't feel good. Oh, no. Skinner oh know, No McDavid, McDavid asking, saying he wants to talk to his agent. You don't, you don't want to hear that after season's over no matter what. That's, that is not for him to say that to the media too. Like that's, that's a man who is frustrated, probably frustrated in the moment.


So I'm gonna, I'm willing to give him like two weeks to issue a new statement that doesn't involve him talking to his agent. But it's not good that he says that that's a guy that he wants to talk to right now. Yeah. I want him to stay in Edmonton. I want, I I don't want him to, to leave and go to an American team and then win a bunch of Stanley cups there with Edmonton not getting a single taste of it. I think you gotta go down with a ship. If you're, if you're Connor, I think that there's no chance, like if you wanna talk about legacy, if you go somewhere else and you win a cup for them because you are unhappy in Edmonton, people are in Canada are gonna hate you. It it's gonna be, it's gonna be very personal for them.


Although, I don't know, I guess, we'll when we talk to Whitney, like is there a part of it? Like, hey, he's, he's done everything he can for the Oilers and they just, they aren't able to put the full team around him. I don't know, I I don't know how the vibe is because you know how that could happen. You're Doing the, When a team's that special, you're, If you love something Yeah. To set it free. Yeah. And root for It. I'm not saying they're, they wanna set it free, but Conor McDavid is such a special talent. I'm wondering if there's maybe parts of the oiler fan base. They do not wanna see him leave obviously put that as a blanket statement. They do not wanna see him leave. They wanna see him sign a, a long-term deal. If he did leave, I bet you there'd be some Oilers fans who'd be like, we don't blame you.


You know? Yeah. Well what they would do, they would turn their anger onto the team, onto the front office. Right, right, Right. And wait now Big Cat, I think we might want him to leave though. Yes. Oh, absolutely. I think me and you, we, yeah, we want him leave and then we'll root for him. We'll root for him to win a million cups And it's Whitney's fault that he left. Yes. Yes. And then, and then we'll be like, we always said, this guy just needed to get Edmonton. He's the best ever and it will drive Whitney insane. Yeah, That's Exactly, I like that. I like that a lot. What if you, what if you went to Chicago? Listen, I could, I mean, that would be sick.


That'd be so sick. We became best friends. I'll Open up the checkbook. Yeah, yeah. We became best friends with them. Zach. Pretty sick. Yeah, well said. Would be pretty sick. Yeah. I mean, listen, if they, if they are going to move on from him, they gotta do it now because they can get a lot for him right now. He's got one year left. Like, you can't, you can't let him be a free agent. No, That'd be very, very bad. Well, no, you can't, You could, You mean you could be, you can't, you could roll the dice. You can't, you can't let him be a free agent. It'd be so dysfunctional if, if the, if the Oilers like were blaming him for any of this and they're like, we're not gonna sign you to a free agent contract.


We're we're not gonna sign you to a a contract extension. We're gonna let you play this out and see if we can win one. That would be insanely disrespectful. Almost like saying that you might be the reason why we haven't done it yet. Yeah. But that said, I am willing to back up the Brinks truck. I will buy a Brinks truck and I will deliver it to Connor Mc David's house. If he, if he goes to the Blackhawks, That would be so sick if he just became best friends with us. And Whitney was like, oh man, just rubbing in his face. That'd be so sick. Yeah. Hey listen Connor, we Yeah Connor, we would treat you so good. Oh, in Chicago. Dude, I don't know what, what, what's been telling you He's probably kind of creepy coming on a little strong.


We would treat you so good. We'd get you wings anytime you want. Ice cream machine. It'd be so sick, dude. Free pass to the office to hit the simulator. God damn, you'd have a great Time. I would, I would hire an ice cream truck to just park in your driveway and then have it staffed with a guy that will just give you whatever ice cream bar you want at 24 7. Pardon? My Take Becomes best friends with Connor. Zach, you're probably gonna be that ice cream guy that lives in that truck. Yeah, He is. I can do that for you. Okay. Alright, let's get to our interviews. We got two great ones, Boban and Brett Bema. And then we'll finish up with Fire Fest. And if you're wondering, Hey, we haven't heard Hank's voice. We do give him a call.


I think people thought we were pranking. PFT that we like. Didn't actually buy him a trip to Pebble Beach. No, no. He's at Pebble Beach, so we do give him a call. He was at a beautiful brunch before playing 18 holes today. So you'll hear him during Fire Fest. Yeah. Also shout out Pug getting married this Weekend. Oh yeah. Shout out Pug. Getting married. Let's go. Way to go Pug. Go Pug. Way to Go. Yeah, let's go Pug. Everyone love it Pug. Everyone do some pugs in the chat.


Okay. Before we get to Bo Bond, incredible interview by the way. We are brought to you by our friends. It truly, truly unruly Lemonade combines the high alk, fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite Lemonade. Lemonade let loose 8% A BV 100% delicious. Four supercharged lemonade flavors, bump and blue Raz OG Original Lemonade punched up pineapple and wild pink. It's the official hard seltzer. Pardon My Take. We love truly unruly. We love truly unruly lemonade. I'm a big fan of that wild pink, but they're all good. Bump and blue Raz OG Original Lemonade punched up pineapple. They're all the best. So level up your lemonade with truly unruly today. Truly unruly Lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite. A lemonade 8% a BV, 100% delicious. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly.


Okay, here he is, Boban. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. I think maybe the tallest guest we've ever had. It is Boban. I'm gonna pronounce your last name and you're gonna tell me that I screwed it up. You ready for it? Milanovich. Mariano, you're right. Alright. I nailed, I was very nervous about that. Now that we got that. So Boban is here. Boban, thank you so much for joining us. You are in Happy Gilmore two, not your first acting. Let's, let's start with that and then we got a bunch of other questions. But how, how was it being in Happy Gilmore two? Are you excited for the movie to come out?


You might be. You might be like the next Hollywood star. I'm gonna say it right now. Yeah. You, you never, you never know. That's my look, that's what I want to do. You know, like I'm super excited for the Happy Gilmore too. I have great experience on the set. Be everybody, like everybody be so professional, so great. It's, it's a lot of people, a lot of people there, a lot of famous people. And I think it's big great movie. Like, and you saw the, you saw guys that picture how you guys how like that my hair and that my mustache, they look really good, by the way. Yeah. And I love it. Maybe, maybe in the future I, I'll wear, but you know, the, the, the movie will be awesome. I believe in it. Yeah. Did Did you get a chance to hang out with Adam Sandler when you were on the set?


Because I know, I know he likes to play hoops. Yeah, he loved to play basketball. You know, when, when, when he was filming the hustle, like we was like, he was like playing, playing like pickup and he was the, it was a lot of famous like basketball players. Of course you guys already know about the movie. And he was like, a lot of guys playing up and down. We have like, basically we almost have all stars, all Star Superstar, NBA pickup and Adam on the, on that, on that game. It was, it was, it was really fun. What's His game like? I've heard he is a good passer. He's, he's, he's really smart. He's really good. He's really good passer. Like great passer, not like good. He's great. Pass like, you know, no look behind the back. You know, like, try, try to be fancy, but he, he make it, you know, like, I don't know how he do it, but he's really professional and basketball is his patient and he really love it and really he enjoy.


Yeah. So yeah. You're, you're branching out with your acting career. I loved you and John Wick. You got killed by a book in John Wick. Did that, did, did that hurt Little bit? No, they hurt the, you know, the, you know what is hurt? They hurt like, like after, after the shooting, because we were shooting from the, I think 5:00 PM to 8:00 AM in the morning because it's New York library. And we couldn't, like, we couldn't stop, basically we didn't have, we didn't have like lunch break because lunch break or eat break or dinner, whatever, because it's all over the night. But we didn't have, we didn't have the break to eat because we need to, we need to, to finish the super fast. He was like, a lot of fighting. And with Keanu was like really good.


And that book, like, because I hold that book for maybe like four hours because like, it scratch like, hitting me here, here and all. Like, I tried to buy the book and like my jaw, it's really was painful after that. I couldn't, I couldn't like, I couldn't like eat or like chew or whatever, like, almost like brushing my teeth. I was like, ah, it's so painful. So how many shots did that take for you to get killed by the book? You know, easy, you know, like John Wick, it's Don't mess around with boogeyman and I'm, I'm done. I'm out. Like I, I give, I give my special shot, but it didn't work well. Yeah. Alright. So, so you, you played in the, in, in China this past year or last two years. How, how is, how, how was that?


How, how was it, was it like wildly different than the NBA? 'cause you had a great NBA career nine years in the league, but how is it in China and maybe are you trying to get back in the NBA? You know, I'm, I'm missing one. I'm missing one. One. I'm missing one more year in NBA to be like, sorry to be 10. Hey, this, this is what I need. Like I need, I need some, I need some like good words from somebody, somebody from the teams. Listen me. I want to come back. Okay, Let's get you back. You're 10. Yeah, we gotta get you back. I need, I need a 10 because like, I was, how we say last, it is more like last half season and this, because it's my first year outside of NBAI play fan bre. And we have, we have three months deal, three months deal after that expire because we believe we'll come back, we'll come back in NBA and try to make, try to make like, again, that 10 year in NBA of course didn't, didn't work on that direction.


And I get, I get great offer from China and this it, when I, when I was there, we play, we won, we won the championship. We, we was the, we was the, we, we won a CBA. It's like Chinese basketball association. And by the way, defender B the defender Bache played Turkey, Turkey team in Istanbul. It's Euro league game basically. It's not NBA is the first time Euro league and second one and the best league. The best league in the world. And they won, they won Euro league this year. That, that mean I'm, I'm past season won like two big trophies. Oh, so like first double Tips. Yeah. So you, you are a champion whatever NBA team wants to win next, just sign Boban.


Yeah, basically if you want to win, you must sign Boban in the team. Yeah, I like that. Yes, I like That. I, I agree Boban. I, I love you. I've love watching, watching your career unfold. You seem like a great guy, but off the court, I think my favorite thing that really made me really, really appreciate you is what a big fan of soup you are. Mm. You might be the, one of the one are the top soup guys in the world. What are your favorite, what are your favorite soup? Can you tell me about some soups I might not know about? 'cause I love soup. Look, may, maybe, maybe if I, my English is little bit better. I'll explain more soups, but this, I'll keep simple tomato mushroom butter or squash, chicken noodle soup, you know. But there is a point is the point of the soup.


When we, when we growing up here in se Serbia, first you need to eat soup. This like, this, like the main, the main, the main dish. You know, like if you don't eat soup, you're not allowed to eat something else. Because like, it's not basically, it's not basically not allowed, but it's more like, it's more like tradition where every, everybody come on the table and everybody like eat the same time soup. It's very important. And you know, basically like you want to eat soup because you second meal, you don't eat too much. They try to like, try to keep, and they fill you up a little bit. It's not like, it's not like they are, they fill you with the, with the flute for the float feed. The float, I think I say. Right. And, and you cannot eat like a lot, a lot, a lot.


So what are, what's a good Serbian soup that I might not have heard of before? No, no, no, it's not, it's not Serbian. It's more like, or worldwide. I like mushroom soup. I like tomato soup. I like butters squash soup of course. Chicken noodle soup. Yeah. And we have, we have soup in Serbia, like they call beef soup and it's like, it's a name like beef soup, but it's really like, tastes so good. They go vegetables, beef of course. And it's like, like the best soup I ever tried in my life. And if you come to Serbia, you guys be my guest. But because you guys in Chicago, when I come in Chicago, they have a lot Serbian place there. And I can, I can bring you some, some good and fancy restaurant with great food. I would Love, I would love that one thing. I like to, I like to eat soup after my meal.


Have you ever done that? It fills in the cracks, like for dessert. I didn't done that, but you know, I want to try and to see how it's, how it works. It's Great. Do you, when you eat soup, do you have a bigger spoon? Because I don't, I I'm sure you're aware of this, but there's an entire Reddit community that's just boban holding things and it's you holding different things, you know, like a, a deck of Uno cards, Luca's head, and they're all great, they're all great pictures of you holding things. So do you get a, do you get a bigger spoon or you just go with the regular spoon? You know, I get what they have, you know, sometimes, sometimes really they gimme like bigger spoon. Like I was in China and they have Cheesecake Factory and like, they get like a big, big, big soup and they gimme like, oh, you take this big spoon.


It's very basically the spoon. It's really big. And that's sometimes like, I got it, but no, it's really, don't ask for that because like, I try to, I try to, I try to adjust on everything what is like normal size. Yeah. And this is that, this is it. Like, you know, I'm, I'm not like spoiled too much. For me. It's okay just to be food on the table and let, let's go roll with it. And I want to be taste, to be honest. It need to be tasted. Were you aware of the community that just has pictures of you holding things? Did you, did you know that exists? Yes. I hear about that. I saw a couple pictures and it was, it was, it was so funny. I, I, I saw how holding the ball Uno cards you say, you say look ahead. But it's really, I saw that too. And it was like, couple, like the hands, and I know like people, like a lot of people like want to shake my hands.


It's, it's, it's so become like right now, like unique. They want, they basically, they holding their arms, whatever. I just, I just basically like come from the restroom and wash my hands to eat. And everybody was like, Hey, how are you? And I, they shake my heads. I was like, ah, but it's, but it's okay. You know? Like it's, it's, it's part of process. I know like, you know, like for me it's normal for somebody else. Like, you know, I want to basically like, maybe I want to feel the other hands to see like how they fit in my, like what is the size of your hand? Yeah. Alright, so, so a a question, this might be a weird question, but when, when was the first time you were like, oh, I'm tall. Because it is something that I'm sure little kids like, they don't realize their self, you know, their self-awareness is low when they're really small and then they get a little older and they understand their surroundings.


Was there a moment in your head where like, oh shit, I am really tall. Yes. Yes. It was a lot of things. You know, like before, how you say, I grew up in a small place and, and 3000 people lived there. And everybody, everybody know each other. They know me. When I was like, when I was really like small, small, it was like, it was like really small to like growing up and I was always tall. For me, that was like normal. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't know that. Like, I would say I didn't, didn't recognize that. But till, like, till one time, my friend, we have, we have a class to write something about the friend And we can make to, we can show who that person is. And one of my friend write like, he's super, he's super guy, great friend, whatever.


He tall and he have big nose. I was like, oh, I, I, that time I was like, I was like, you know, I have big nose. This is like, this is like one of the parts, like, you know, he's tall and he have big nose. And after that I figured out, I figured out like getting like real, like, like oversizing other people and this is it. Yeah. Yeah. That was like, oh, I'm tall. What Did you wanna I'm tall and I have big nose. I have, I'm tall, I have big nose. This is like, I, I find out two, two things in one class. Yeah. What did you wanna be, what did you wanna be when you grew up as a kid? When I grew up, I want to be like, to be on side. I know I didn't, I didn't have that idea. I think about that every single time. What I can be and what I want. What like, I really want to be.


It's like always, always you want to be something like, like your dad always want to be like driver or like, or somebody to help, to help the people. Like some something with the kelp community. Like they have, it's not like big time, big time job. Like I want to be like CEO of some company. I want to be, I want to be like the guy who, who owns the big, the big crypto or whatever. Like, like stocks or whatever, something you name it. Like something like big factories when they make like apples, apple phone, apples farms, whatever. Like, whatever, whatever you say. But it was like more simple jobs. Yeah. And so your, your career in basketball, you, you played in Serbia for a long time before you got to the NBA, was there, like, obviously your dream was to be in the NBA.


Was there a moment where you're like, maybe this isn't gonna happen. And how did, how did it all kind of come together where it's like, like, all right, 'cause you know, you weren't, it wasn't like you were drafted when you were 17 years old. You played for a while and then you got, you know, got a contract in the NBA. So how did that all work out? And was it like, oh man, this is finally all my dreams are finally coming true here. You know, you know, like there was like, you know, always, always hard, hard work payoff, you know, because like, I was always all, I was gifted to be like, to be tall, but, and to have nice touch. But everything else need to be work. Like, work on my body, be prepared for everything what is come. Because like, that's why, okay, he's strong, he's this.


But you know, like I work on it. I work on it basically. Thank God I didn't have, I didn't have serious injury all my career. They mean like, you know, like, I basically like stay more in a weight room, stay more, stay more on the court, do all my skills, do everything. What is what I do. That's why, that's why before back of the day, I believe that everything come from the sky. You know, like, okay, I'm gifted. I'm told I I supposed to have their job. I signed, I signed, I signed, I signed for your league team. They fire me. I come to, I, I, I couldn't find a team. I, I went to, I went to one team here, local. That time they play only Serbian league come back.


And basically I play, I play for, for 500, 500 euros a month. That's basically like $600 a month. And that time I have, I have the baby and my wife, we live, we live in one apartment. That, that was the struggling. And I was like, and I was like 23, 20, 23, 24. There was, they was really struggling that time I figured out, okay, you need to do something with your life. You need to be like, no, Mr no Mr. Nice guy. When I say nice guy, nice guy, like outside of the court, on the court, you need to be, you need to show who you are. You cannot like, just be super nice on the court. Everybody go over you, whatever, whatever. They happened that time I figured out. I figured out I need to, I need to step up and be and be the best, the best.


I am the person who helped me a lot. It's a, it's a coach, assistant coach from Golden State who, who passed away recently, you know, like De Milovich. Yeah. And he, he passed away the, the, he's like, he have the big, the big, the big role in my, in my life. And to put me on, on the, on the real track. And to start to start to play better. I was in Restar, I'm I, me and Marcus Williams, we make them, we make them to play Euro league. Euro league, how I say NBA and Euro League is second like, best, best basketball league on the world. We make them to be, to be there right now, this, this, this is the play.


All these years we won, we won like three trophies. Because if here in here you play cup, you play tournament, you play tournament like Serbia and you play like, basically like balk and you play three leagues. We won all three. And from that time, from that time, this, this is like, this is like their, how, this is basically we leave them pet to be successful today. But you know, that time after, because I was named of M-V-P-M-V-P of Euro league, MVP like the best five, the best thing. I was never drafted. And that time I come to NBA, that's, that was my path. You know, like sometimes you need to fail down to you can to, you can, you can step up and and chase your dreams. That's Awesome. It's interesting that you said that sometimes you're too nice on the court.


'cause I think one of the, one of the funniest moments of your career, maybe, maybe one of the best moments of your career from, from the people's perspective was last season when you were on the rockets and you gave the crowd chicken at the foul line. So if you miss two foul shots, everybody gets chicken, right? And I don't know if you missed the first one on purpose, but you did miss No, No, first I missed it first I missed it. I don't wanna lie. I wanna be that guy. You know, I missed the first, I missed the first purpose, you know, big this first I missed it. Yeah, you missed the first one. And then you told the crowd, you said chicken on me. I got you guys and then you, did you miss the second one on purpose? Yes, I missed second one on purpose. But the point, the point of that, the point of that I know I play for clippers and I know that's, that's how they happen.


And they have that same in Washington DC and a couple more places. But I have the dream about that and I have dream about that. Like do I really to, to really happen that something like that, you know, like why if the game, the game is over, why nobody like, you know, just miss two fri throws and give, give the people what they want. Like, you know, of course some like free food and everybody be happy, you know, like they, or like, I hope so. Like we want the game. You miss free throws because every time happen when the opponent team, like visiting team means the fri throw, not not for home court guys. And, And we was, I have dream about that, that's happened. That, that, that was the person, me, I'm missing the fri throw and everybody get, everybody get the sandwiches or food or, or snack or drink, whatever.


And it was in DC and game was done. We was leading, we was leading maybe like 20 points. And I was like, why this guy don't just miss Fitro. Like he was my teammate. I was like, why? I wanna name it. What just don't he miss fit throws, like, like give everybody food and everybody be happy he'll be here. And I have, I have that opportunity. Last game of season, we basically finish. They, they make, they, they make playoff, they prepare for playoffs clippers. We was in Los Angeles, the first one, I, I think I score maybe like eight or 10 points in a row. And I have, I was like, I was like on free throw line, like shooting. And I missed it. I missed straight. One moment.


I look it up from the backboard, like everybody's standing up. Like everybody's standing up and everybody become so crazy. I was like, ah. I was like this. That's, I was like, that's the time to shy. To shy. And, and I was like, miss that. But in the point of my head, because everything need to be fast. I can't, I can't air from the filter line and I never did it. And I, I never want to do it. Like how I miss, you know, like, because like sometimes you practice, you don't practice misses, you practice makes, you know, like to hit front trim, maybe I will throw a little bit stronger to hit like left right, stronger, whatever from the backboard. I know it still count like a miss. I miss on my left side. This it like, perfect the chicken on me.


And it was like, he was like, great. It was, it was just, it was not like the plan previously planned, but it's happened and it's, it's amazing. I miss the second free throw of purpose and people hear, people hear what they want. That's Awesome. Yeah. You get the people chicken and I think people appreciate that about you. You were, you were thinking about them, thinking about the fans. Maybe that, maybe that's why we need to, maybe year 10 didn't happen because you cost too much money. The big corporations are like, Bo bands costing us millions of dollars in chicken. We can't bring 'em back. No, no, no. But no, but look at this. What's happened, what's happened? I get, I get the big cow, the big cow like Chick-fil-A and I get like, I get like a card And we like, thank you very much for everything. Whatever. Like it Was, it was, It was amazing experience from Chick-fil-A.


And I get for, for one year, one year free meal. Like, you know, one year free. I, I I, I never use it. But you know, like I get the, I get the coupons for, for all year free chicken. You Got like the black card in your pocket. Anytime you go to Chick-fil-A, you can just go get to the front of the line, get a free chicken sandwich. That's pretty good. Yeah. I never, I I never done it. I never done it. But you know, it's there. I I got a, a question. The internet always gives us weird facts, but I, I read a story that when you were younger and started playing basketball, you could dunk but you didn't dunk 'cause you wanted to work on your dribbling. Is that true? Like, that must have been the hardest thing ever to not be able to dunk. Like you couldn't, you can dunk but you wouldn't do it.


No, it was not, it, it, it was not like that. It was more like he was more a thing. Like you could, first I, like, I didn't, I didn't think I can dunk because like, I remember, I remember the day when my coach, when I was young, I miss layup and he was like, why you don't dunk that? Like, come on, take the ball, take the ball and dunk. I was like, no. But I, I was like, I can't dunk, you know, like, no, no, you can try. And I dunk it. He was like, now go with left hand. I dunk with left hand and I started to go with two hands. How I go with two hands. I, I like hold the rim. I was like, wow, this is so amazing. You know? And then from that time I started to dunk everything. Like back, like back over there. I really start dunk everything. Everything. Like, you know, like every, every ball, every ball what I grab, where I go to dunk because it was super, you was super experienced before I missing the layouts do that.


And the second part, because I think you guys hear about that, it's about, I was not allowed to make a dribbling ever to like learn how to, to learn how to like basically dunk or, or, or shut the ball. Like basically every time when I make a dreaming a low post, it's, it's, it's lose the ball. That's how we practice on practice. That's why like sometimes I go a lot of things without dreaming. Ah, Have you ever, have you ever tried to play point guard and like pick up? Yes. And, and I think, to be honest, I think I'm good. Maybe like, maybe like, you know, like maybe like, not like somebody, somebody play like full court defense with me. But I was, I was not bad at all. Like I, I'm, I can shoot, I can dribble. It is not, it is not, it's not really fast, fast, but it's really like good, good.


Yeah. And like, yeah, it's, it, it is not easy to stop me. I'm, and, and it's, it's facts. It's not about like, hey, you know, I'm done the best. You know who I am. I'm blah blah. It's, it's really true. I tried, it's worked well. But you know, like of course like, it's not my position, but I can do everything. Have You ever, have you ever crossed anybody up at point guard like broken anybody's ankles? Never, but because because I can shoot over everybody. Nobody, like, everybody tried to reach the ball, but they can, they couldn't have it. Yeah. Yeah. You just shoot over another one. That's, that makes me laugh. 'cause Boban we're, I mean, we're massive fans of you and like, it's just, you're, you seem like the funnest guy and everyone talks about how great of a teammate you are. But this story is, I think from six years ago, your son's birthday, you got so excited for your son's birthday, but you forgot that your wife had planned a photo shoot beforehand.


And it's just a picture of you, your wife and your two kids and you're just full Spider-Man face paint while they don't have any face paint on. 'cause you got ready so early for his birthday. No, that was not true. Okay. All right. So, but is that, that picture's an awesome picture? No, no, no. The picture, the picture is there. And he was, I think, I think he was like, it was not for my son birthday. He was like, for, for the new year. Okay. And Yeah, and my son friend, they, we was in Detroit from Serbia. Yeah. She, she paint, she paint like she, she learned the drawing. She paint our faces and that's what, that's why, how that, how the pictures happened. Okay. 'cause The picture's very funny 'cause it's your two kids, your wife with no face painted and you're just full Spider-Man.


Yeah, yeah. The picture is that, yeah, you're right. Good. Okay. Alright. Yeah, yeah. I mean you seem like the the best guy to be around. That's just a fact. Yeah. The, maybe that's just your personality. Like, I think every, every story that comes out about you, it's just like, he's just the best. I don't know what it is. Like he's, he's, he's the man and, and every, every teammate feels like they absolutely love you. I I I love my teammates. I really have great experience with each one of them. Like, you know, like they, everybody's super great, super humble people. Like from the, when I was kid to like, to like NBA, everybody, everybody was super, super perfect. Yeah. Do You have a favorite teammate? A guy you're still great friends with?


Yeah, Yeah. I'm, I'm like, I have a lot of, I have a lot of, I, I have a lot of teammates who have friends. Of course I play with Yoic in mega with him. I play, of course I play with Luca in Dallas, of course I play with Toby. And this is like this, like some people who, who you guys know I have, I have a lot of friends around, but these three, these three, like, we was like, we was like mostly tight. Yeah. What have, what have your friends in, especially the ones from Serbia, what have they said about the, the game in America when you're, you know, getting ready to go to the NBA? What, how, what's the, what's the reputation of the NBA like overseas right now? Like something untouchable. Something like nobody can play, you know, like, and you can need to work a lot. You, you need to work a lot to, to, you can make it, It seems like, you know, in, in the last 20 years or so, maybe even, you know, since the dream team, the, the world has, I don't wanna say caught up to the American game, but it's certainly really competitive.


You watch in the Olympics, and these are some great games that are being played in the Olympics right now. Is there something about basketball in Europe that you think makes it, makes it more competitive now than it used to be? I think basketball is like big, like, big game. Everybody, everybody try to find out something new and it's competitive every time. You know, like I feel like, I feel like they change players change everything. Change the, like, strategy change. Everybody, everybody tried to be like, everybody want to be like Golden State. Like back in the day when there was like, when they were shooting every ball, everybody tried to be like Steph Curry. But then they, they don't, that doesn't know the only one. It's one and only Steph Curry. Like, everybody tried to try to be like that team, what is like my experience and everybody like put the numbers, you know, like watching, watching the stats, you know, like what is that type of things.


And now everybody start to shoot shoot trees. I fi I figured out no really no real like, like basket ba real basketball before, like, you know, like you have post up, you have shoot, you have this, you have run, yeah, you have everything. Like you remember, you remember like San Antonio game and everybody like shared the ball and like one guy attacked, like other guy, they shared the ball. They make like 12, 12, 13, 14 passes. And, and after that, like one guy open on layup or one guy open on three point. Right now I feel like everybody like play a small, small, small, small pick and roll. And they try to, they try to attack the mismatch. Every switch. And this is it. Like this, this only, this only what the basketball do right now.


But it's competitive. It is nice basketball, always fun. They play like a track and chess and it's, they play chess and like, you basically need to be in the right place in the right moment. Yeah. That's why In Serbia. How, how big of a star is Yoic? Is he just the like every single person? Because he, he seems like a great guy as well. Very humble. Have you got, have you, have you gone to the horse track with Him? I didn't. I didn't. But you know, like he's really, he's really the, he's really superstar, not like big star. He is superstar. Everybody, everybody wearing his jersey on, on outside. All kids. Like all kids you see play basketball and say, Hey, do you know your kids?


Do you know your kids, your kids? Can you say hi to him? Can you say hi to him? And like, big time. But you know, like he's not about like, it's not about like he just big star. He just like big human, big heart. Like big like good friend and, and nice person. And that's why, that's why people like people and kids like him the most because like this, who he's, he was, he was like that before when he was like, when he was like together without nothing. And right now, right now it's something. Of course he's, he's much more bigger level than me. But you know, like with something, everybody, us make, make something, make something like for the rest of our lives. That's why, that's why he's so remind and everybody love him.


Yeah. You were talking about how everybody wants to be Steph Curry, but there's only one Steph Curry. But the, the level of shot making has gone up like three pointers are are people are way better at them than they used to be. If you were to practice and you were take 25 threes, how many do you think you would make just in practice? Nobody guarding you. Well, I can, I I can make a lot of time. I'm good shooter. I'm, I'm, I'm not like Steph car, good shooter or somebody, some of the other guys. But I can make from 25. Nobody guard me if I'm, I can make like at least maybe 20. That's, Yeah. You, you should start 90 20, something like that. You should start shooting threes all day. Yeah. But I'm so powerful under the basket, you know. That's why, that's why that's my advantage.


Yeah. Have you ever, have you ever been playing and there's somebody who's like six feet tall that jumps up in the air to try to block your shot and they just don't even come close and you just laugh at 'em? No, I never, I never laughed to nobody. I respect, I respect, I didn't laugh to nobody because I respect, I respect people who like, who try, who give their best to, of course we, everybody have about the high, about speed, about, about the power, about physical. But I never, I never laughed to nobody. Like, you know, ah, you cannot reach ha I never do that. You seem like that's nice. You seem, you seem like a great guy. 'cause if I were playing basketball, 'cause I would, you have to jump, I would have to try to get a hand in your face, but I don't think I'd come within like five feet of the ball and, but you know, you gotta you gotta make an effort on defense.


Yeah, of course. You know, like, it's like it's, it's, I think it's a respectful because like, I need, I need to respect him. He need to respect me. It's basically like respectful. But I want to, I want to beat you. Of course. Yeah. I want to attack every since. Right. Have you ever broken a backboard? I, I didn't, but we, we broke couple, couple like unscrew unscrew the the RI or something like that because Right, right now it's hard to break, break the backboard because the rim, it's like, so not touchable for the, for the backboard. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like the technology's gotten a lot better where Yeah, you can, you can really bend. But you know, like I really like make couple screws or like the, the rim was go like this. Like I, I did something like that, but it's really never broke the, never break the backboard.


Yeah. Not, not like Shaq when he pulled it down on, on people's heads. No, no. That that, that was amazing. Yeah. Yeah. I got, I got another question about Serbia. Like it's not a, a huge country and it's produced such insane amount of NBA talent recently. It like what is it? Is it just basketball is the sport and Serbia is the coaching because it is pretty amazing the size of Serbia and then the imprint it's had on the NBA in the last decade. I think, I think it's, I think always we have good, like good, good people, good kids, good basketball players from there. But I think like, because, because in Luca and Yoki from the, from this part of the world, and I guess I guess they figure out or, or or Giannis.


And we have, we have a lot of, we have a lot of people like maybe we need to send, send scouting and, and watch the kids. You know, I feel I figured out this is the, this, this is the why, why it happened there right now. They sold them. I was like, oh, they have a lot of kids there with a lot of, with a lot of talent. Let's go to see and bring them to NBA to see what we can do. I think that's happened right now. Because back of the day, back of the day, it was really good basketball players too. You remember like dark cam? Yeah. When he was like, he was like his second pick, second pick or draft. Nevermind. Like, he was like, we was, we was in same team. He went to the NBAI remember watch one game. He was like, he's really beast. He's not about like whatever he say how many minutes he play, but it's like, he was really pissed and he's like, he's, he, he make NBA 18 years old, 18 years old and they change the rule.


I mean like, he's good. Yeah. And that's say like, he's like, he's the first and they have a lot of guys similar like to the, to the kids in this, this era. Yeah. So you might have never had this conversation. It's something we kind of like, not dream about, but we, we just throw out the rosters. Have you ever had a conversation with any of the guys about if yo Yugoslavia was still the country, you guys would be the best basketball country? Because like when you add up all of Serbia's already really good, but then like Luca, you know, would, would be on the Yugoslavia team. Like there's other guys in that part of the world. Yes. That if it was still, it would be crazy. It they would be beating the US in, in basketball tournaments. Well, I, I, I don't know who will beat, we need to, of course for the basketball, we need to have that chemistry.


But of course we have that chemistry because we show in a bubble. We went like, we went, went like, I think 12 of us went to the, went to the dinner And we we have like our own party. But the the thing, yes, I believe in that. We'll we'll be really good. We'll we'll be amazing. I know we, we will be like, we can beat United States, but I think we have like big trends. Like it's not be like easy for states to, to beat the team. Yeah, you'd Be able to, at the dinner you're talking about it was like Yoic. It was you, it was Luca Draghi, Vukovich. Like all these guys that would be playing on the same team if you Gola was still the country. Yes, yes. That there's the guys. Yeah, there's the guys.


And it was like, it was big. It, I think the will be very good. Like amazing. You you read that, all that names I was like, wow. Okay. Yeah. I get Goosebump it, I get goosebump. It is crazy. It's a small part of the world and it's just like all these guys are coming out and being incredible pros in the NBA for a very long time. It's, it's very cool. And I, it's like, it's cool to just see basketball grow as much as it has around the world. True. It's amazing. Yeah. I I I can agree with you. I can agree with you. Yeah. N nothing to add on that. Yeah, I think you guys could probably out party us too. I think you'd be able to to drink us under the table. Maybe that's what we do in the, the next all-star break.


They're trying to copy, you know, the hockey model of the Four Nations. Okay, we go former Yugoslavia versus the United States in the All-Star game. And we go, we talk about which sport you say hockey Well In, in ho in hockey they did the Four Nations. You know, they, oh, Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They, they had USA Canada, Finland who was the fourth nation in that. I can't remember. I can't remember. It's a, a team that didn't win. But in the Allstar break, they're trying to figure out Yeah, they're trying to make it USA, you know, against the world somehow. I think you, you, it's a two-part thing. One, you guys all go out partying the night before and then the day after. It's a hungover basketball game of the former Yugoslavian countries against the United States.


I, I would put that spread at you guys would probably be favored by 12 to 14 points. Agreed. You, You know what? Because kids watch this. We never drink, never drink. The professional athletes, they never drink, Never drink. I I mean the video of you at the club with Yoic is so funny. And you guys are having the time of your life. Yeah, we was, we was, we was have a great time. But you know, never, never before the game. Never before the Game. Never. When you went out with Luca that one time it was apple juice, you guys were drinking apple juice. We drink apple juice. You already know. Yeah. You guys gave good research. I figured that. Yeah. Yeah. That, that was funny because it was, it was a picture and I think it was like more than 24 hours before the game.


Right? It was like more than a full day before the game. It was, it, you know, it was a, it was a day, it was a day before. It was day, day before the game. But they come out, they come out, they come out on Twitter, they come out on Twitter like really late. And, and that's why, that's why it was like, look like that. But it was like, it was like 2, 2, 2 days before the game. Because we arrived there two right. Two times, two days before the game. Right. Well we, we need you back in the NBA. Where do, Oh, I have a stat. You want, you want it. So for anyone who's listening right now, who is making decisions on bringing Boban back, here's the stat for you. Career player efficiency rating. Yours is 25.3.


It is higher than the following players. Kevin Durant, Charles Barkley, Tim Duncan, magic Hakeem and Steph Curry. I'd say that's pretty damn good. Yes. Yeah. Let's go. Hey. Yeah, Let's get that on a resume and just be like, Hey, hey, do you think we just gotta walk into a, a meeting with gm? Be like, Hey, do you think Kevin Durant and Steph Coer are good basketball players? They're like, yeah, well we got a guy who's better, statistically better. Statistically you only show statistically we only show the numbers. This is the number. This one specific number. And He's hot right now. Two championships in a row. Yeah. Winner. We even wait, we, we even go there. But we don't believe in that story too. It was like we just, we just, we just, we just throw the story there.


Yeah. And believe they'll bite. They'll bite it. Yeah. I Think you just, you let other people say it about you say numbers never lie. You don't say it yourself, but we'll say it. He's the best player in the history of basketball. Okay. And, and I'll be like, I'll be like this. Alright, well Boban, I have one last question for you.


It is the Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first, first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com, promo code. Take everyone. Go see. Happy Gilmore too. Our friend Boba. Can we call you a friend now? Yeah, Of course. We are friends. Okay. All right. We, our friend Bob's in it. Yes. My last question is, so your mom and dad are both on the shorter side. W was, was there a point where your dad was like, this is getting ridiculous. Like you're just, wait, like, 'cause I, I know I, I have three kids. If they get taller than me, I'm gonna be mad. I'm gonna be like, this is bullshit. So at what point was your dad like, Hey, this is kind of bullshit you're way, you're like two, you're, you're over two feet taller than him, right? I feel Yeah, for sure. I'm, I'm basically like, this happened in second grade. Like, for for sure, for sure. He look, he look to my mom and say what's happened? Yeah. It's bullshit. What, what what what we do, what we do to boba. Like maybe I use, I use more material than supposed to be That's A bigger Can I, yeah. I, I I just, I just want, I know like, I want to finish something I want, I want to say, I forget to say it because we was like, we was doing, you talk about horses in your kitchen. I want to add, I try, I will try because we, we film, we film some, we film TV show Robin Hood. And with MGM and with MGM and I, we talk about horse. I I'm, I'm learning to ride a horse for that. For that, that, yeah. That I'm super, I'm super assigned that, that that will be fire. This is like Ls gate and MGM. This is like, this is like the, they make, they make, they make TV show is be fired. That's, that's why I'm super excited for that. I forget to tell you about that on the beginning when you talk about horses. Yes. That's amazing. We should have you, have you gotten on the horse yet? Nah, I didn't tomorrow. Oh, Tomorrow. Wow. Big day. Okay. Tomorrow. Tomorrow is, tomorrow is the day. Are You gonna ask Joki for any tips because he is the horse guy. Of course. Yeah. Tomorrow in the morning I'll call him seven in the morning and say, Hey Nicola, what I can do to be better? I, I have to see the picture. I have to see the picture of you getting on the horse for the first time. Hey, watch out. But keep that like a secret. Okay. Keep it a secret. I won't tell anybody. Maybe hold the horse's head in your hand. That would be a good one. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm super, I'm, I'm super excited for this. I'm really, I'm really super excited for this and I hope so For more acting in my, in my, in my career. And of course For more basketball games. I Love it. Yes. We're getting you back in the NBA And by the way, for DJing, I, I try to be DJ too. Okay. There was like, there was like a work, I working in China, I China working, working on that, on that skills. Of course, I'm, I get, I'm like, I'm, I, I don't say I'm great, but I'm really good. Okay. And we will, we'll come, we'll come out with a couple new, couple new songs, couple new singles. They'll be, they'll be, they'll be soon there. Like, you, you guys you guys listen on Spotify? Yeah. Yes. Yeah. We are looking for, for some, like, for some good collab. And I'm, I'm super happy for that. Which we're in. I hope you guys listen to my music. Yes. What's it, what's it listed under on Spotify? Is it just your name or do you have a DJ name? Just my name. But we can, it's only, it's only one song right now, but we, it's only one song from last year. But we will add, we will add more five songs or six songs in the next one month. I love it. Okay. I gonna listen And, and when you come, whenever you come back to to the us you gotta come by the office. We'd love to have you here. I'll, and I'll, I'll bring you guys on on lunch. I promise. I promise the Serbian soup. Okay. Okay. Love it. I'm in. Perfect. Perfect. Boban, thanks so much man. We really appreciate it very Much. No, I appreciate you guys. Thank you very much. I know, I know it's not personal like in, in, in in Chicago, but Zoom it still work. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. We're friends. We're friends now. And and We're gonna do this face to face. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Face to face. I love it. In, in, yep. There We go. All right. Thanks so much Boban. Thank thank you very much guys.


Boban was brought to you by our great friends over at Hey dude. Hey dude. The most comfortable shoes that you can possibly wear. Have you tried? Hey dude shoes. Yet they're unlike anything you've ever put on the Wally stretch. Socks are the ultimate slip on shoe. They're lightweight, breathable, ridiculously comfortable. We're talking cushioned insoles. Feel like little pillows underneath your feet. I've got Hey dudes. I wear them almost every day. They're the perfect summer shoe. Great for lounging outside, great for walking around the house. Perfect for taking the dog on a walk. Doing some errands in the neighborhood, going to the store. You can wear 'em around the house. You can wear 'em out. They look great. They feel better. Hey dudes are the perfect shoes to slip into every day. Find your pair@heydude.com. That's hey dude.com.


Okay, before we get to Coach Bima in studio, I wanna talk to you guys about Mountain Dew. You see it right here in front of me. Oh my God, it's so cold. It's delicious. And guess what? They went throwback, nostalgic cans. Zach, are you a Mountain Dew guy? I love to dow the dew. You'd love to do the dew. Listen, it's the start of the summer. It's golf season. It's grab a dew while you're on the core season. It's heading out to the boat season. It's going fishing season, it's going to the backyard barbecue. It's grilling, it's doing everything with Mountain Dew. Nothing goes better with basically every summer activity. Nothing. You need the dew with you. You need to drink the Mountain Dew, the refreshing citrusy. Kick a Mountain Dew. And guess what, we are going to Barstool Camp this year. Again, thanks to Mountain Dew. It's gonna be awesome. So listen, you gotta be drinking Mountain Dew all summer long. The new cans are absolutely gorgeous. Makes me wanna just go sit outside, look at the look at, look at the trees, look at a mountain, look at an ocean, all with Mountain Dew. Grab a dew in the new packaging and enjoy the refreshing citrus kick of Mountain Dew. Go do it now. Gosh, it is so beautiful. And it is Summer in a can. Go get a Mountain Dew today.


Okay, here he is, coach Brett Oma. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest, recurring guest. I forgot you'd been on Coach. It is coach Brett Oma, coach of Illinois getting ready for the big 10 season. It is, you know, late June or mid-June. So let's start there. What, at what point in the summer are you like, let's just start playing ball? Yeah, probably the start of June. We go an eight week training program for Illinois. We do a a, a window there that the first four weeks were with the coaches and then after this week we'll leave And we go on four weeks of vacation. That's when our players actually get together the most. And that's when I think I kind of have that moment like, let's just get together.


I try to get out outta the country. I'm going to Cabo and my, my family for a couple weeks. Love it. Just to kind of relax. But when we come back that, that third week of July, it's kind of game on. You are looking like you're in good shape, you lost a Little trying, trying to get down to normal Weight. Listen, as someone who's taken a lot of pictures of Brett Bema on the, you know, the Arkansas days, I would, I would kind of adjust the camera. Yeah. Apologize for those. But that was also when our relationship wasn't the best because you'd left Wisconsin, but you look like you're in good shape. We're trying to get there. Oh, we've not got there yet. But feeling better. Looking better. Yeah. Do You, do you find yourself thinking about football when you're on vacation? I know you're supposed to be locking in on vacation. Yeah. But I'd imagine a guy like you, the mind drifts a little bit. It, It, It, you know, my wife always laughs 'cause like if I'm sitting in front of tv, I usually flip on a game.


I just like watching football. And, and, and for me, I like watching games I've never seen because then you can kind of work through the game. Right. And then recruiting is just such a different animal. It's a different beast, you know, retention. So I think about it a lot. But also during that two weeks, I'm gonna try to put my phones in a drawer in a hotel and just kind of try to get away from it a little bit. Lock Him up. Yeah. Do you, do you feel like, I I maybe this is just me knowing you from afar and also getting to know you through the past few years and watching at Wisconsin and rise up. Do you feel like you're in like a stage of your career where you kind of don't give a shit? Yeah. Because I feel like you were there, like the, whether be the Shane Beamer or you know, chirping Lane on Twitter, I enjoy it. Yeah. Like you, you have no problem kind of, kind of saying whatever you want.


Is that, is that fair? You know, it's crazy. My first year head coach at Wisconsin, I went to a big 10 meeting and Lloyd Carr and Jim Tressel grabbed me and I just finished a year. We went 12 and one at Wisconsin and they kind of asked me to kind of sit down for a minute. And those two guys kind of said, Hey, you know, Barry Alvarez says you're gonna be really good. You're 35 years old, you're gonna be a spokesman for this, this, this occupation for a long time. And at that time I'm just like, oh, these guys are being pretty cool to me. Well now I go into those big 10 meeting rooms and I am one of the older guys in the room. I'm 55, you know, I've done it 17 years. And some of these guys say things I'm just like, just shut up. Right? Right. Like, just, let's just pay attention to what we need to do. I wanna protect, I protect our players all the time.


That's my number one priority. But I think you gotta do, protect the game a little bit too. 'cause I think there's so many people trying to attack certain things that we get to do for our players right now. And the way they get to be paid is absolutely awesome. But with that comes complications that we gotta work through. So yeah, I, I don't, I don't know if I'm at a, I don't give a hoot, but I do definitely not afraid to speak my mind. Yeah, Yeah. I mean maybe, maybe what other people say it feels like, does that not affect you as much as it used to? Oh, totally. Yeah. You can say whatever you want about me. You can post a picture of me And We had your side in the beaver situation. We did. Yeah, We did. Yeah, we did. I would not wanna mess with you. I would not wonder. And our relationship has gone through, you know, some tumultuous times. Obviously there was the time when you left Wisconsin, I was upset.


And then I did maybe tweet karma at your wife after every time you guys lost in Arkansas, she blocked me. But now we're good that, listen, there was hurt feelings all around. That's how sports Fans operate, right? It's, It is, you take it personal, which I think is why it's so awesome, right? There is no better time in my career to be a head coach and, and the way the game has expanded, you know, 12 playoff teams now, just, it just, it's about as good as it gets, you know, now to have so many players too, like I know you're a commander's guy, right? So I literally, Johnny Newton hit me this morning, right? And you have these kids all over the league. We got two or three guys have been drafted at Washington. So now you see those guys in a different light. And I didn't have all those pro players back then. And now you kind of see what they're doing in their careers and you realize you've affected these guys. Not just the four years you're with 'em, but for the rest of your life.


And it's pretty cool. I I imagine that as a former defensive lineman yourself, you worked pretty closely with Newton then? I Did. I strong guy. He, when we got there that first year, I, I, I literally knew he had some exceptional skills, the burst. He's really strong. His little brother's on our team now too. I got five sets of brothers on my team. Right. I love that love shit. Yeah. The first set of brothers were these guys named. Yeah. Jj, TJ and Derek Wat I like brothers, so. Yep. Yeah, we got Josh and James Krutz, their dad o kru, right. So Yep. DNA means a lot. But yeah, Johnny, you know, one of the things we did after that first off season is really took his early down production. So like everybody thinks third down is all that in a bag of nuts. Right? But like, the part that's really awesome about third down, everybody knows what's going on first and second down is your easiest pass to the quarterback.


So he was the most productive early down pass rusher in college football two years in a row. And that's really got him where he was, who, who's The, who's the strongest guy he ever coached? Strongest guy. You know, JJ had country strong. Like he wasn't maybe, you know, but his hands, you know, he had those, those meat hook hands. Right. I remember sitting there the night that JJ was trying to decide if he was gonna go into draft and John Watt just sat there, you know, he was a firefighter, right? And he sat there and he had like looked like 10 pulley sausages hanging off his hand, right. And I'm just Like, good god. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And, but you know, we've had, Johnny is very powerful, very, very explosive player. Actually, gay Backas who's in town with us today, outside linebacker, rush player, a really, really strong player. So a lot of those line, but some of our offensive linemen, you know, Kevin Zeitler was probably productive.


You know, he's, he's still playing the league. Yeah. I think Russ, that team that we won a big 10 championship, every, every offensive lineman on that team was drafted in the third round or higher. Yeah. They were very explosive crew. Yeah. Do you do that when you, when you're recruiting, you evaluate the father's handshake, you're like, I think I definitely, I think this guy can get strong. They hear PFT. Honest goodness. The best thing you do is you, if you can meet mom and then if you meet one of her brothers. Yeah. The uncles from mom's sides are usually the greatest indicators of what you're gonna get. Daddy, That's a good tip. I like that. Yeah, you are. And though I don't give a shit, you just gave away the whole scheme. Yeah. Well, we're gonna keep that in, right? Yeah, we'll take that out. So we talked about Shane be, how, what's the status of some of the beefs? Shane Beamer, have you talked to him?


Yeah, I actually called him. I'm a very, you know, I, I get caught up in a moment, but that one was kind of more of just a, a, a little, little moment in the game. So I literally called him. There was later in January, we have a coaches convention and I knew his dad was getting an award, so I probably knew he was gonna be there and I was gonna try to make it to the event. Couldn't do it. So I called him and had a conversation and, and was very, very cordial. So I think he gotta, you gotta get past those moments that ended up being a rule change, you know? Yeah. So it probably in the good of the game, it was actually a good thing that it happened. Yeah. But yeah, all the other stuff, you know, when I'm pimping Lane, I wasn't really going at him. I was agreeing with him. Right. Yeah. I was like, Hey, you should be in the playoffs. Illinois should be talked about. Yeah. Three losses. All right. What about, what about Jim Harbaugh? I have not talked to Jim.


Okay. That one's still, that's still Beast. You know what? I've never really had a problem with him, but it was just that moment, that scenario. Actually, his strength coach Ben Herbert, you know, was no Guy. Yeah. We, we, we actually interviewed him last year. Did he? In incredibly impressive guy. Yeah. Yeah. The man sta through your soul. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But when I got let go to Arkansas, he hired, Jim hired four of my strength coaches to Michigan, and that's kind of when they made their turn, you know? So. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So I got respect. I love, love his family, love his dad, his good people. All Right. What about Barry Alvarez? Very close. Okay. Back, you know, he just had surgery yesterday. Yep. Yeah. I, I would say maybe after my second or third year at, at Wisco, we were at New York and we actually met somebody tricked us into meeting at the same restaurant And we kind of just hugged it out.


And from that point forward, he still called him yesterday on Father's Day, you know? Love it. Other than my dad, one of the most influential people in my life, I almost feel like having a beef with Harbaugh that's like, it's almost a badge of honor. Yeah. Like he, he doesn't have beef with somebody that he doesn't respect. Right. Deep down inside. Yeah. Just two hardheaded guys. Yeah. You know, and I've had a lot of people that have worked with him, you know, and, and, and obviously got a lot of respect on the things he's been able to do. Yeah. I, I read that your favorite word is consistency. I do like consistency That you say Two C's. Consistency and communication. They're big ones. Those are The two C's. I, now, I, every time I hear you say consistency, you like to say, it's a hard word to spell, but it's a tougher word to do. Right? Can you spell consistency? Probably not on air. I got, I would have to look it up real Quick. So, so what, what is consistency?


Why is consistency one of the two? Two, I think it's the greatest thing you bring to the organization. It's probably why you're sitting in your chair, right? Like, you, you, you, you, it's as people are my good, successful could be that. But I think, you know, you got your look, you got your phrases, you know, the, the, you guys, what you've done here is absolutely awesome for our game. Right. But people tune in and watch 'cause you guys are consistent. I don't think people want this. Right. Right. Even our best players, like I say, one of the greatest things they can bring is just to be that same player every day. 'cause if you're it one week and you're not the next, I can't coach that. I can't plan that. You know, I got 20 coaches in the building. Nine of those guys played for me. Right. I knew 'em as players and now I know 'em as coaches. And the thing that I really know is I know who they are. Right. It, it, it kind of applies to everything that we do.


And in communication, I think in this world, like there's too much, you know, handheld devices and things that you can communicate without talking. So one of the things we do in our building, literally the first meeting they come into, they have to stand up, say their name, hometown, where they're at position, they're gonna play, they share, you know, three things. What's their name, their full name. If there's any meaning, you know, basically a story about them that helped, helped them get to where they are today. Right. And I want those guys to speak loudly and, and proudly and it makes 'em feel confident. Yeah. How do you think that that kids have changed over the years? Like the, the players that you're coaching? You know, I get that question all the time. I think the venues that are accessible to them, right? The, the fan that can get at 'em through a DM and whether or not they wanna read it or not, you know, I think kids, you have to, when you get 'em, teach 'em the things they don't know.


I always say, you know, they only know what they know, right? So if they came from a house where 10 minutes late is being on time, then you gotta teach 'em what that really is. Right? If they don't know how to effectively communicate, hey, easy conversations are easy to have. Tough conversations are tough to have, but they're usually the most productive. So I always tell kids, man, hey, just 'cause I'm getting on you or I'm saying something you don't want to hear, it's probably 'cause I love you. Right? Like, I'm trying to do this to get you something. Go somewhere we've never been. And that's, that's a big part of it. Your kids understand that. 'cause kids, when you come at kids, they think you're coming at 'em. Right. They don't realize it's from a place of, of goodness. Yeah. I I think that ultimately, and I don't, obviously I don't, I'm not around college kids as much as you are, but I think kids are gonna be the same throughout, you know, all the different generations. It just, the devices that they have, the, the forms of communication, forms of technology, they're a little bit different.


But ultimately, I feel like if you can reach kids with a message that that's gonna resonate, it's, that's gonna apply to all the generations. It it does. You know, we have a, a phrase that we say all the time, my coach, I played for a guy Hayden Fried at Iowa, and he always say, you recruit your own problems. Right. And I think a lot of times in recruiting, I'll be sitting at a table and I'll say or, or hear something that I'm like, okay, I'm out. Right. Like, like if a young man, like Luke would tell you, right? Like, his mother is an angel and most kids respect their mothers. Right. They're gonna disagree once in a while with their dads. Right. Like my dad and I argue, but anybody that disrespects their mother is usually showing you something about what they are. Yeah. So there's like little indicators I've had in my career where how people communicate with others is usually a good indicator of what they are Reading people.


Yeah. Yeah. It's a big part of the job. Would you say you have it rolling now at Illinois? And I mean that in the, in the best sense because when, when you as a coach and, and watching your career when you get it rolling Yeah. There's something about a Brett Beam a team. They, they put you in a cement mixer. They're basically gonna play football where they're gonna make it hurt whenever you play 'em. I think there was that stat when you were at Arkansas where it was like every team that played Arkansas the next week after Yeah. Just absolutely got killed. So do you think, do you feel like you have, that you've put your, your year five, do you feel like you have the Brett Bema like imprint on Illinois? I think going into year five, I feel better than I did going to year one for sure. Yeah. Right. But this world we're in, I got 40 new players in the building.


Yeah. Right. Like the world that we're in, in Collegeville, you owning, you, you operate our program now very much like an NFL team. Right. Like the rosters are even getting more balanced. You know, I, I said this last month, I said, I don't, you know, the thing that's really happening with college football is awesome, is we're all gonna start shopping in the same store. Right. I don't care if we're shopping in Louis Vuitton or if we're at Walmart, as long as we're in the same store, I feel good. Right. And I, I do think the physicality that we play at and to play with, we're, we're starting to be more consistent in that. And that's probably what's made me more excited. We sold out season tickets, I think 43,000 seats. Right? First time in like 20 years. So like, I know the fans are feeling it too, which is a really good thing. But the bottom line is our players Right. And how they feel is what matters.


Yeah. Alright. I, I got a, a dumb question. Hit me with it. So you, after Arkansas, you went and coached the NFL for a little bit with the, the Patriots and the Giants. There was a year where you were a consultant to the head coach. We're dumb. Every time I see a, a fired or, or you know, a coach go from one place and be a consultant, we're like, oh, he's just gonna sit on his ass and just basically be friends with the head coach. Can you explain to me what a consultant to the head coach does? And he's like, you see it a lot Yeah. In, in, in NFL or college where it's like you guys kind of take care of each other. Yeah. If you have a year where it's like you don't have a job, you go work with someone else, what exactly do you do? You know, it was crazy. So I got let go of Arkansas that next day, seven o'clock in the morning, my phone's ringing.


It's Coach Belichick. Right? And I'm like, all right. So I pick it up and he just starts talking to me. He talked about, you know, relating things when he got let go of Cleveland and I really didn't know Bill, I, he had drafted a lot of my players. He had four guys on our roster at that year that were former players of mine that he had drafted. And he just kinda started talking to me. He said, Hey, I don't know how long we're gonna go, but when, when we're done, you know, I'd like to give you a call and see if you would like to think about working in our organization. Didn't know what his was. So literally that was the year they got beat by Philly. Right. The next day at 11 o'clock, he called me and he said, Hey, would you be interested in this? So I started watching some film. He didn't offer me a job. And then we met at the combine and I went on Wednesday and I stayed till Sunday, Saturday night.


He's like, Hey, can you go with me? I'm driving to my place in Nashville and then I'm gonna to Alabama Pro Day. So I'm like, sure, yeah. I don't have any clothes. But yeah, we, we, so we hopped in a car from Indianapolis and drove to Nashville. I was driving the whole way, which was an experience and a half and don't really know the man. Right. And then he just kind of kept giving me other jobs. And then finally when we were in the spring, he invited me to the draft. And then in the spring he said, Hey, would you like to stick around and be with us in the fall? And I'm like, sure. What? And he goes, whatever you wanna do. Right. Like, wherever you want to. And he goes, and then he came up with that title. Yeah. But he literally, one of the first projects he did, he gave me four teams to look at in a, in a playoff season and, and, and said, look at it in the red zone and tell me what you think.


So I literally kind of did this little project and I think that's what turned into I, I ended up working on a defensive side of the ball. Brian Flores. Yep. I kind of gravitated to that side. And then the next year I was a D-line coach. But I tell you what, coach Belichick, I learned something every day I'd never heard before. Really? He, he is truly one of the most brilliant football minds I've ever been around. We were watching The Bears, right. And we werere getting ready to play in Soldier Field, and I'd played in Soldier Field when I was at Wisco. We played Northern Illinois a couple, couple times, but we were gonna play a noon game. Right. And, and he's showing film and he is talking about, well, the sun's in his eyes here, and he is saying all these things. I grew up on a farm. Like I, I, I took care of animals when they were hot, you know, and I knew about the sun and the heat of the sun. And so finally at the end of the day, I said, I said, how the, how do you know where the sun is?


Right? Yeah. Yeah. And he goes, oh, by the shadows, you know, the shadows short behind him versus long in front of him. I'm like, holy shit. It takes shadows. And, and then we talked, and then sure enough, we kicked into the sun and told these, we had a whole game plan about when they were gonna be kicking kick returning into the sun. Geez. Using The sun as a weapon. Yeah. That's crazy. So, so, and then like for the first year when you're consultant, you're just basically doing special projects for him. I did a lot of projects And we won the Super Bowl that year. Yeah, right? Yeah. And, and we were playing Kansas City in the championship game. We had to beat Kansas City. Right. But I didn't really, I I coach on defense, but I didn't coach a position. So that week he came to me and said, Hey, why don't you start prepping for la? Right. And, and, and in the NFL you, you have NFL con films. Right. So you hear the court.


So I would make an audible tape and I knew what they were saying. So I worked on that thing for three weeks. Yeah. So when we went to the game, you know, McVay was an awesome dude, but he, he kind of at that, You guys fucked him up in that game. Yeah. He, he, he, he was calling it 'cause they're quarterback the guy that said Detroit to Jerry Golf. Yeah. He, He, if, if they broke the huddle under 20, at 20 seconds, he, he had five seconds to get the communication in. So we knew he wasn't gonna audible much. Right. But when they broke the huddle at 30 seconds, we knew that he was gonna get to Lance scrimmage and change the call. So that whole, that was the lowest scoring Super Bowl in NFL history. Yeah. I took the over Yeah, that sucks. Called Me. You were pissed at me then. You were still pissed. I mean, it was one Of the best defensive game plans of all time. It was, and it was, honestly because it was a video game.


We knew by the, when the clock was going, when we could audible and when we had to she and stiff, it was really kind of cool. Wow. So as you're watching that game, are you just, you're obviously like nervous going to the game, but then you see your plan, your plan's working, you're just sitting back like, yeah, well, knew this was gonna happen. I was a part of the plan. It wasn't my plan, but Yeah. But Brian Flores, I'm telling you, he's now, the DC at Minnesota is one of the most very, very gifted defensive mind. So those guys put it together. And then, you know, coach Belichick, I remember specifically Aaron Donald was on their roster and he literally said, that guy's not gonna wreck our game. Right. And I think he had one tackle in that game. Yeah. I mean, we, they did such a good job of covering him up all. So That's a good answer. 'cause I always, whenever I see consultant, I'm like, oh, he's just getting like a no-show job. I was specialist like the soprano. I was special. Yeah, No, I do think there are a lot of times though, Big Cat, seriously where they, they do what you're saying.


Right. Like, like I've never done that and I wouldn't have won, have done that. But I do think there's a lot of times where people just kind of keep their name, take care of their buddies in Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And mean they hire you so that somebody else doesn't hire you. Well and then yes and no, but, but I really grew with Bill, that was really an awesome year in my career. And then Brendan Daley, who went to the Chiefs left. So I took over as a D-line coach. So I was a D line coach that year, And we got knocked out in the first round of playoffs. And I'd learned a lot about, I got to coach a couple of my former players, and then I went to the Giants for one year, and that was probably one of my most enjoyable time. That was during the COVID year. So it was, it was really cool to be a part of that process starting in an NFL organization. Yeah. So When you go to New England and, and Bill's like, Hey, it's gonna be a consultant to me, is Ernie Adams standing behind you?


Like, you motherfucker, I loved Ernie Man, Ernie's all, you know, so I went from being a head coach for 12 years to a cubicle in the New England pagers. Everybody has a cubicle. Right. So I'm like sitting there like talking to my wife on the phone. Right. Like you're, it's just crazy. A brief case you're going in. But Ernie had an office. Yeah. You know, so I went around the corner and Ernie had, you know, boxes unboxing. And then he and I, once he realized how I kind of ticked, like, we kind of started bouncing ideas off each other. And then there was a Monday, there was a, I think it was a Monday night game or Sunday night game. And I was up in the booth my first year and Ernie was the challenge guy. Right. And I was watching the play, and I could see that the ball came out. And I'm like, I'm like, it's out. It's out, it's out. And they called it, it wasn't out.


And I'm like, Nick Rio turned around and looked at me and I'm like, because Bill threw the flag. Oh. And I'm like, oh shit. Right? Like, this isn't gonna be good. Right. Like, I hope hell this ball came out. But I, I know I saw what I saw, but I didn't know if somebody's fully touched the sideline. And we ended up winning the game and it was a critical thing. So I'm like nervous, like, you know, Ernie's looking at me. Nick, Nick looked at me and, and it ended up being the right call. We'd reversed it, bill challenged it, And we got it. And so Bill called me. He is like, he like, the next day he is like, Hey, why did you say that? And I'm like, 'cause I saw it. Yeah. Right. And he's like, well, why don't you kind of continue to do that? You know? And I'm just like, that's Awesome. Yeah. I was scared for a moment. Yeah. Yeah. I, I've always wondered what Ernie Adams does besides just sit in a room watching old football plays and then seeing something like once a day, he's like, aha, I got something for Bill.


You know what, he was PFT he was unbelievable about forecasting problems. Right. So he would, every scenario that we went through, he had already played at, he had an Ernie tape. It was, so every night, the night before we played a game, Ernie would have about eight to 10 plays that he would show that were very unique situational things. And I was blown away. That's what I do now, actually still with my crew. He was just so far ahead. Like, he knew the analytics, but it was in his head. Like, some of these guys try to do it, but they're looking at charts. Ernie knew it and, you know, just an awesome dude. That was one of my experiences there that I had no idea that was coming. But yeah, his, he's a, he was a pretty special advocate. Take me back to 19-year-old Brett Bimo. You're in the tattoo shop.


Did you ever think that you getting an Iowa tattoo? The tie rock tattoo would be one of the most talked about tattoos because every time there's maybe, oh, Iowa's got, maybe, maybe they're gonna gonna move on. Maybe it is like, well, Brett Be's got a, he's an Iowa guy. Yeah. He's got the Iowa tattoo. Did you, did you ever think that it would be talked about the way it's talked About, I can assure you, in a spring afternoon at 19 years of age when maybe you're not making the greatest decisions. We actually had five roommates And we all went and got tats together. And then, you know, it's funny, I didn't, my, I didn't want my mom to know. So that summer when I was home, I was always wearing high socks. Never really showed it off. I was worried my mom was getting mad at me. But it's kind of funny, whenever, whenever a recruit comes to my room and says, coach, can I see your left leg?


I'm like, okay. You just came from Yeah. Came from Iowa. Yeah. Because whenever, whenever Kirk Forens decides to hang it up. Yeah. You know, that, that's just gonna be the top story is like, well, BMA does have a top. Well, so I, I actually, my new contract, I, I signed a non-compete with every school in the Big 10. Ah. So I can't, when we, I, I've signed three contracts with the only one. My second one came up, Wisco was open. Okay. And Nebraska was open and I know they were concerned about that. So I volunteered it. I said, Hey, I, I know everybody thinks I'm gonna go to Iowa. I go, I don't wanna go to Iowa. I spent five or eight years there. Yeah. Coached there for a long time. I like, I'm happy. So I actually signed a no compete with all of Big 10. Okay. Yep. Yeah. That's good to know. You mentioned that you, you sold out tickets for the upcoming football season. Are you guys, can we say is Illinois Football School?


You know, I think Illinois is a good school. Brad Underwood, the basketball coach is one of my best friends. I used to go that, like when we were at Iowa, Steve er came in and he kind of said that at his opening press conference. Yeah. And Hayden Fry was there. Like, what are we, you know, like, and so I, I get it, but I think the sum of Illinois, like when ba basketball and football is doing well, everybody does well. Yeah. It's a, It's a good answer. Our friend Tom Ferelli wanted me to pressure you into saying that it was a football school. Nah, I don't ever see it that way. But yeah, Brad's throwing out the first pitch tonight. I'm a, and Shauna, our women's basketball coach, one the pitch and I'm singing. So we, we tag team all the time. I love that. I, I also read that when you tore your ACL the rehab back then was a little bit different than it is now. So I was How long did It take you? I was actually a walk-on at the University of Iowa sophomore year.


I tore my ACL and I'm like, I was just on the verge of maybe getting, I I, I'd been a walk-on for a year and I needed to get a scholarship 'cause I couldn't keep doing that to my mom and dad. So I tore my ACL and, and the next day the doc's like, Hey, you know, you don't have a lot of swelling. It's pretty clean tear. He said, we can do one of two things. We can have surgery and it's about a nine month rehab, or we can just train your hamstring to take the place of it. So I actually tore my ACL and played seven days later in a scrimmage. And then, geez, ended up playing three years. But to get, I remember the doctor said to me, he goes, if you don't do an ACL repair, the only bad thing if you go to the NFL, they're gonna reject you at the physical. And I started laughing. I'm like, NFL, like I'm trying to play here. Right? Yeah, sure enough, three years later, I'm sitting on the Seahawks training room table.


Right. And they asked me if I had any knee issues and I said, no, I had some, you know, meniscus taken out this year. Well, the next day I'm walking out the field, I hear, Hey, bulimia. So I knew that somebody was, you know, you're gonna kill my name. Yeah. Believe me, Bulia, I've been every eating disorder known to man. Right. So like they said, Hey, have you had any, you know, knee reconstructive surgeries? We, we, we found out you had your ACL. And I'm like, yeah, I, I tore it. You know, so I tried to bullshit 'em. Yeah. Yeah. They got me on the table, did a couple things. So I got, I got cut. I had a wonderful NFL career. Six days. So six days with a Seahawk. If you had to go back and do it again, would you have played in the scrimmage or would you have gotten gone through the whole rehab process? I don't, I mean, I appreciate the question, but I don't really think I'd be where I am today if I hadn't done what I did.


Yeah, That's true. Yeah. Right. I was, I went through this phase of like, I was pissed. Like, you know, you're right there knocking on the door. I was in an NFL training facility. I was sitting in there with my roommate was from Auburn. We're talking about chance of playing the NFL and you'd always dreamed of that moment. So I, I actually went back, coach Fry gave me an ACL surg and I was gonna try to play again. So I went and played for the Milwaukee Mustangs, tore my ACL that, that, that very first game back with them. Oh yeah. So I tore, geez, tore it twice. And at that time then I, I had never thought about coaching and that's when Coach f Fry offered me a job in coaching. That's what I took. Yeah. Is It, is it fair to say that you were kind of a psycho to say I'd rather play in a scrimmage, not a game, not a p like a scrimmage with no ACL? Well, I, I knew that if I could, if, if I played I'd probably get a scholarship.


I was starting to be one of the better players. So I was only just really thinking about the now and, you know, and I really, I didn't have any problems. There was a game against Michigan my senior year. I got rolled up from behind. This guy clipped me and I was, I my knee locked and you can kind of see there's a TV clip where I'm like trying to crawl. I was gonna go whoop his ass. Like I was pissed. Right. 'cause I knew he hit me low and my knee was locked up. I couldn't move it. The cartilage slipped into the joint. So my knee was, and like on the, I I remember at that time I was kind of mad. Right. Like, I was definitely psycho. I was gonna get him. Yeah. Yeah. But, but I couldn't get up. Yeah. Is running the football back feels like it's Back. I think it's, it's balanced, right? Like obviously I've got a quarterback here who's exceptional at what he does. He actually wants to try to run the ball more than we wanted to.


Yeah. So I think it, and you know, when I was at Wisco And we had a role And we always used to say, if you could get 1 75 on both sides, if you throw the ball 1 75 and and throw for 1 75, you're gonna win a lot of games. Now we average for a lot of years, 200 on both sides, 200 running and throwing. And you, you, you'll win 90% of your games if you could do that. So I think the balance of running, I think the, the teams that throw it all over the place, just you, you can't win consistently. You can get a hot hand, you got a great quarterback, maybe some receivers, but you can't win consistently. Yeah. Yeah. How are you feeling about fullbacks these days? You know, we actually use our tight ends as fullbacks. Yeah. And we'll use our other running backs. We don't have a fullback per se, but we do use 12, which is kind of the new 21. Yeah. I love fullbacks. I I miss old school downhill.


I agree. Smash mouth football. I feel like it could still work. It it Does. And we, we, we truly tanner akin for us, he's a kid that ran the fake against Michigan. We kind of use him as an H but he's an F And we, we, we will run some 21 this year, but 21 was great for a long time, especially if we got a back that can catch it. Yeah. As long as the fans can just stare at the field and be like, just run the damn ball. They feel smart just by saying that's kind of us when we watch football. Well, you know, one of the great phases that I learned from Bill, he said it all the time, great teams do three things. They run the ball, they defend and run and they cover kicks. And there is a lot of truth to that. And, and, and I think that's the part that will never, never go away from football. Yeah. Did Bill ever get real nerdy with you about something like real granular about the game? Like we've heard him talk about long snappers, right?


Yeah. Where he'll just go on for five minutes. Talk about long snappers. Was there something that, that you learned from him that he got real obsessed with? So, I I, I love to get up early, right? So like, usually, especially when I was at New England, I was living in a hotel right around the corner at Patriot, at Patriot's place. And I remember I went in that day, it was about four 30 and it was a little before five. Me and b, Brendan Daley were there, Brendan's cubicles right next to me. And Bill comes walking in, it was literally right before five o'clock. And he goes, Hey, you guys got a minute, we're gonna go over d-line games. Right? So we were doing d-line drawings and putting 'em in the playbook. We literally went in the meeting room at five o'clock. It was 10 15 in the morning And we took our first break and I went out and my wife's like, Hey, I've been trying to call you since eight, right?


I'm like, well, I started meeting at five for five hours. We looked at and diagram defensive line games. Like, tackle goes first, now draw it a little higher, let him tack the inside. I had that, he always used to say like, you know, attack the guard, never leave the guard until he leaves you. So he, it was absolutely five hours of the most awesome d-line experience I've ever had. And it was very granule. It was, it was absolutely awesome. I love that. Yeah. Yeah.


Alright, I got one last question. Always great to see you coach. And thanks for stopping by. It's a Rollback question. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies joggers shorts Rollback dot com. I think I asked this last time you were on, but I'm gonna ask it again because it, I would say maybe an unhealthy amount, probably like once a month it pops in my head. The Rose Bowl against TCU. Why the hell didn't we run John Clay Moore? It, Does it ever pop in your Head? Oh, 24 7.


All right. That makes me feel a little better. Scott Toine to this day. Right? Like and then I don't dunno if you remember that game. I was there. We got, well yeah. I was like, I was like 10 rows up from the two point conversion. John Clay had a thousand, James White had a thousand Moneyball ended the season with 998. We would've had 3000 yards. Never been done in college football history. But we, you know, right about the middle of the third quarter, I said to Paul, Chris, I said, bro, they can't stop us running the ball. Right. They can't. So we got into it and, and you know, then that two point play just, just, it should have been a run in my mind. Should have just been a man mind. And then I, we, we lost that game the next year we play at Oregon. Right. I Was at that One too. And I was like, like the Dolphins called that week and offered me the job like two weeks before that Super Bowl or before that Rose Bowl.


And I'm like, I'm like, I'm gonna play in this Rose Bowl. Like we got Oregon, I got Russell Wilson. I think we got a chance. And then we had a Barry, remember the ball that sat on the, remember Jared Aari? Yeah. Who never on the sideline. Yeah. Yeah. Right. It ball didn't move. Yeah. Like you can't do that. Yep. So Andy clocked it in time. Yeah. It oh, a hundred. That rule changed too. Just like this year the rule changed. Yep. It seems like all my bowl games I get bullshit all changed. It was, I mean it was an all time, I mean that first quarter was, it was 21. 21 I think it was just insane. And Abby, who was like the greatest Christian based awesome kid, never had a fumble one time on the sideline. Never moved. Yep. Yep. Crazy. And then the last bro was, well I didn't get to coach 'cause I took the you stabbed us In the back.


Yeah. That wasn't you. I was making a Decision. Do you wanna apologize for stabbing Big Cat direct? Not in The back, even in the heart, if I had stabbed, I just saw at the time I was like, Brett Bema. 'cause I think your first year was when I was a junior, so it was like, I was like, this guy's gonna be my coach for the next 40 years. Yeah. You, you know, it's awesome. It one of my most enjoyable things, I just got a letter about a month ago from, from a young man that graduated from Illinois and he talked about how we changed his career Right. Or his, his experience at Illinois. And you, you kind lose sight in those moments. Right. Like, it, it, it really does make a more enjoyable experience for the kids to win games. Right. And, and be around that. So I it was never personal. Yeah. I, I promise you Were You the, were you the head coach or was it Barry's last year?


The, the game that we were undefeated going into Michigan State and then got stopped like seven, seven times in a row. Yeah. I was de coordinator. Yeah. I was de coordinator Should run Matt Bernstein there. I wasn't ma. Oh, I wasn't making the calls then. Yeah. All right. All right. Right. So that one you're The best call. We're number one country. Yeah. Yeah. You're off the hook on that one. Well, coach, thank you. Thank you Doug. It's always great having you by and best of luck this Year. Thank you very much. Appreciate you


Coach Bemo was brought to you by State Farm and basketball. The great players don't just do it alone. They have teammates, coaches, and a solid support system behind them. It's kind of like insurance, because let's face it, a lot of us probably aren't great at doing that alone either. And that's where State Farm comes in. State Farm is a teammate always ready to assist, help you find the coverage that you need and help you recover from the unexpected, from Fender benders to storm damage or even just a question about your policy. State Farm is there to help provide an assist when you need it through the State Farm mobile app. A ne a network of 19,000 local agents and online@statefarm.com. So don't just go it alone when you need help protecting what matters most. State Farm is there. State Farm with the assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state


coach was also brought to you by, pardon my cheese steak. Pardon my cheese steak in the new combo. The big one. Check it out now. The big one is an original class of cheese steak. Your choice of our brownie bites or donut dippers and a drink all for a discounted price. Perfect for a game day meal or late night eats. Part of my cheese steak. Offers a wide variety of cheese steaks, loaded fries and popular desserts all delivered right to your door, part of my cheese steak. Check 'em out part of my cheese steak.com. And we're gonna give you 20% off, 20% off your order with promo code PMC 20 PMC two zero, 20% off part of my cheese steak.


Okay, let's wrap up the show. We got Fire Fest of the week. PFT actually, well we usually start with Hank. Yep. We bought Hank an all expense trip. We actually, I'm not trying to be humble here, but PFT and I didn't mention on Wednesday show, we not only bought it for Hank and his dad, but we also bought it for his brother and his brother-in-law too. So it was four, it was foursome. We sent a foursome to Pebble Beach, all expenses paid, not looking for credit, but obviously an insane gift by Us. That's what we do here. Part of my take, we take care of her boys and nothing better than spending time with the family Right out on the golf course. And we said a year ago, we said, Hank, guess what? A year we're gonna plan this out.


Your whole family. I know that you're about to forget your dad's birthday. Don't worry about that. He'll forgive you because you're gonna Pebble Beach. Well we, you, we, we sprung it up. We didn't tell him a year ago. We told him that night and then he had to get on a 7:00 AM flight. But holy shit. Planning by us. Should we call, let's call Hank real quickly. I I bet you he's All right. So it's nine 40 Central time right now. That means it's 7:40 AM West Coast time. He's he, no, he might be at the range. He might be at The range. Oh. Oh Wait, that was one ring directly to voicemail. Hmm. Hello, Hank. Hey, it's the guys from Pardon? My Take.


We're doing fire fest right now And we just wanted to see how you're, how you're enjoying your Pebble Beach vacation that Pft and I paid for. Yeah, we're enjoying a lot. We're actually just, just talking about you. We're, we're eating some breakfast. I had a avocado toast Grandee. Oh. How much is, how much is that gonna run us? Thanks Big Cat. Yeah, no problem. H how much the avocado? My, My, my, yeah, my brother got the, the ribeye steak and eggs. Oh. Oh Jesus. Oh, he's living it up out there. Jesus, Jesus. You're really running it up on, Are you guys doing breakfast drinks? Yeah. Are are you doing breakfast drinks? I Do that. Wait, yeah. A couple most. Oh. Oh Jesus. Fuck. Damn. What are you gonna tip? Make sure, because the people at Pebble Beach know we're paying for it.


So make sure you tip like 25, 30%. Oh, minimum. Okay. Minimum. Alright. Alright. Maybe take a picture of that 30% tip and send it to us. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Hank, what are you gonna, what are you gonna shoot on that par three? The downhill par three? That's actually tomorrow we're playing, we're playing spy glass today. That's right. Yeah. Spy glass. I forgot about that. We're under, at like 94 and a half. Okay. Is we wanna sound off. Okay. Okay. Alright, well we, we miss you. We hope you're having a great time. You know what, actually go 40% on that tip and, and send me that picture. Okay. Alright. Yeah, Yeah. And tell 'em, tell 'em it's from us. Alright. And, and you know what?


Buy, buy. Thank, They're all saying thank you. Buy like, I don't know, like two grands worth of stuff at the pro shop. And that's on us too. Oh, don't worry boys. I'm, I'm coming back with gifts. Oh, All right. Okay, great. But Hank, if you get a hole in one, then you have to buy us drinks from Pebble Beach. You have to Venmo us back. Deal. Okay. Okay. All right. Great. Great. All right. Love you guys. All right, love you too. All right. Bye Hank. All right. Bye Hank. Bye bye. All right, bye. So my Fyre Fest Of The Week is that I've been training for golf. I've been doing Hank's protocol that he put in place. Yep. And part of the protocol is I'm not allowed to hit driver.


I can only do that as a treat after I've worked. Now I have noticed that Hank's cousin, who is an intern this summer has been spending a lot of time hanging around me while I'm golfing. Oh. While I'm practicing golf. I think Hank's got a spy. Oh. I think Hank is sending him to monitor me to make sure I'm not hitting driver. And so I think Hank's got eyes and ears everywhere. Have you guys heard about this? Has he told you? No, but I think that he's work, he's working on what? On the video that we're putting out of your journey here. So I think he's just working also memes and I have started to call him Little wood. Little wood. I like that little wood. Well yeah, because it's little, little lockwood, Little wood.


Yeah. No, that's a good nickname. But I'm, I'm pretty sure that, that he is a spy. And so I have to act accordingly round about all times. 'cause Hank Oh, definitely a spy. That that is a move that Hank would do, right? Yeah. He's like, Absolutely. And that he is gonna try to punish me if I hit driver too much. Yeah. Now He's gonna be scared. Now he's gonna be scared to go around. Good, good, Good. I hope he scared. Scare The fuck outta him. I'll be nice to him later, but now I want him to have a healthy fear of me. Yeah. But also in this training process, I'm getting just blisters everywhere, all over my hands. So I'm waking up, got blisters in new places. I'm so sorry that Look at that, look at that thing right there. Oh shit. Yeah. It's bad. It's bad. But I'm, I'm, I'm on the grind right now and man, playing a lot of golf is a lot of work.


Yeah, It's a lot of work. Full-time job. It's a Lot. It is more than a full time. Sometimes you have to leave your full-time job to go travel to play golf. Yeah. If you love it that much. Well, we, we bought 'em that trip. We did kind of force 'em to do that. We can't get Madden for that. I, you know what, I'm gonna text him right now. I feel like, I feel like you should do like 60% on that tip. Right. I feel like amp it up a little bit. Really Gotta, yeah. Yeah. And he's gotta prove it. All right. I'm gonna go say, yeah, you know what? Go 60, 60% on the tip. That's, that's a nice thing to do. Alright, well, so what about Glo? You're wearing a glove right On your left hand. What about, Does anybody go Teddy? Two Gloves. What about like sleeping with those like Vaseline gloves on? I put, I put Vaseline on my right hand almost every single night before I go to bed.


So I've got that covered. Okay. What are the Vaseline gloves? I don't know. There's like, aren't there like gloves you can wear when you sleep to make your hands softer? Are there? I think so. I might listen. I'm gonna, I would Assume that's the thing. Do we have anyone on Google right now? I gotta get my, my hands insured. Yeah. Let's see. Vaseline gloves. Okay, that's not it. It's a Vaseline Globe. Globe Vaseline used on a go. Alright. No. Are there like gloves you can wear at night to like moist moisten up your hands? I don't know. Although a blister, you might wanna keep it open at night. I think I just have to put extra Vaseline On. Oh yeah, there they are. Nope, those aren't it. Those are just gloves. Those gloves. I might have made this up in my head. Oh yeah, there we go.


No, over white overnight hydration gloves. Okay. You might need these. Get your hands back to a hundred percent Sleeping gloves. Yeah, I'm into that. That would be very funny. Sleeping Glo. You know what else I need 'em for Is driving, driving gloves. Yes. Because that'll, that'll give you blisters Too, too. Like your car? Yeah, my car. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Driving gloves. Not, not golf driving. Yeah. Yeah. I'm talking about like cruising. Like if you're a professional driver, you ha you own a pair of driving gloves. Right. And it looks awesome. Right. Okay. So yeah. I, I'm, my hands are hurting. Waking up early, grinding Hank's got spies on me. But this is, it's all part of the process. So I'm enjoying the pro. I'm getting 1% better every day. Love that. If you get 1% better every day, you get 36 times better over the course of a year.


That's just math. It is compound interest. That's Straight up math. Okay. My fire fest. Well, I have an update from last week. I told you guys about my son doing the barcel after dark with me. Turns out I, he didn't tell me this, but we hit 80 shots in a night. And then I was like, all right, what do we do next? Hoping he wasn't gonna say one 60. He said, we're gonna go to a hundred and then we're gonna go back to 10. I was like, great. That's good. Awesome. That's Good. So we're back on the climb. We hit a hundred now we're back on the climb, dude. So he didn't, I didn't know that was a possibility, but I was very like, I I he doesn't understand if you just keep timesing it, it's just, we're we're going to, that's all we're gonna do for the rest of our lives. Is there A part? It could've been fun. Is there a part of you though that's like, come on, don't quit on this.


No, a hundred was a lot. What would Kobe do? Kobe might, might keep going and Kobe would've kept going. Yeah. He would've kept going. Does your son have the mamba mentality? No. I need to. Well, I I don't want him to have the full mamba Mentality. That's true. Yeah. Alright. And my real fire fest is, I, I gotta be honest boys, I really wish we were going to Edmonton for game seven. I really, really wish we were going to Edmonton for game seven. It's a bummer. I was, I was so pumped for that trip and it just fucking sucks that we didn't get to go to game seven in Edmonton with the boys Is bucket list for me. It was, I was pumped. I was legitimately pumped. I, Me too. What am I saying right now? Was big time. I'm pumped. I was pumped. I, we got on that call with the Chiclets boys. I was like, this is, this is a crew.


I would love to go to game station. They are an all time crew. Yeah. It That as soon as we had that phone call, I was like, this would be so much fun. Yeah. Yeah. I, no, I was looking at restaurants up in Edmonton, figuring out where we could go. They can't have good food Dairy Queen. No. Come On. Did you guys see we Got a lot of, lot of blizzards up there. All right. That's good food stand Corrected. There's a lot of talk about Connor McDavid maybe being traded 'cause he has one year left on his deal and there was some clips going around and one of 'em was like, what's your favorite part about Edmonton? And he said, well, the days last longer this time of year. Yeah, that's true. That's actually a big thing that that's a good thing. But Max the that there's a reverse on that. Oh Yeah. That they don't last at all. Pretty much the entire time he lives in Edmonton.


It's very dark What he's saying because I Don't think he lives in Edmonton in the off season. Yeah. It's a, it's a great combo. 'cause golf season, the days are a lot longer for him. Yeah. Yeah. So gets to play a lot of rounds. He's like, Yeah, it stays late till 1130. Which would be great if that was what was happening when he was playing hockey. But yeah, I think he lives in LA in the off Season. Yeah. He's like, it's nice to drive home from work when it's still light out at the end of the season sometimes. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. That's what he's getting at. It's Nice to drive to the airport to leave Edmonton when it's still light out. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, Zach? Yes sir. I've got a fire fest for you today. A super quick one. So Jacob and I do run the soft serve machine that you have installed here in the office. And yesterday was the second.


Yesterday we had another high, another all time cone that we had to get correct yesterday And we fell short. We didn't have the correct cones for, for Dave. We have waffle, we have cup cones. We do not have sugar cones. Can I, can I, can I back up my cream team for a second here? If you'd like. I, I, I think sugar cones with soft surface is crazy. I think it's crazy. I don't, the the emoji for soft serve ice cream is, is a cake cone. Soft serve ice cream will drip, like I I will do a waffle cone with soft serve, but you know, it's gonna drip sugar con's guaranteed dripping the, the co like sugar cone is a classic ice cream cone. You know what I mean? Scoop's the difference Of ice ice cream scoop between waffle cones, regular cones and sugar cones. No, it's Right here.


Can you explain? 'cause He actually has a Venn diagram to Created. I I know exactly what a regular ice cream cone looks like. I know exactly what a waffle cone looks like. What's a sugar cone? Okay, so I don't have the Venn diagram handy, but I can go off the top for you. A little bit of ice cream cone knowledge super quick. So the waffle cone, you know, with the batter in between the two hot plates to make the waffle cone. Yep. The cup cone. You'll see it's got a little deeper d deeper, I guess that would be the dwell, not dwelling, but a dwelling base to it with the hand. And then the, so sugar cone will be more of a pointed cone. So similar shape to the waffle cone. Similar consistency to the cup cone, but a little bit thicker. So the wa the difference between a waffle cone and a sugar cone is the waffle cone is uneven at the top.


It like wraps around. Yeah. Yeah. It has the Jed Edges one has the jagged edges at the top. Yeah. The sugar cone will be flat across the base. Okay. And there's also a difference in the batter that is used between the sugar cone and the waffle cone. Yeah. And every picture of the sugar cone I'm seeing it's all scoops. You'll see. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's a, that's a classic ice cream cone, not a soft serve cone because the sugar cone will drip at the bottom. Yeah. You will see a lot of like hard scooped ice cream in the sugar cones as opposed to the cup cones being typically with the soft serve. But the customer is always right. And we have a acquired the sugar cones, it'll be here today. That was a massive misstep on our Part. Okay. Quick Mount Rushmore of ice cream flavors. Go Zach, by the way, someone pointed out very funny. They're like, you guys are so clearly chomping at the bit for Mount Rushmore season, which will start next week because we asked him for his Mount Rushmore sports Playoffs and someone was just like, you and PFT and Hank and Max just like hijacked It instantly.


We, we took over the entire time. We were just like, no, no, no, no. You forgot about this. Yep. Alright. But this is yours. Okay. Do you want a branded flavors or do you want like, if we go to a parlor, What? Whatever you Want. Okay. Whatever. Okay, so we'll go Netflix and Chilled, which is a Ben and Jerry flavor, which is peanut butter base, has got salted swirl and fudge cubes. Second, we're gonna go cookies and milk from Ben and Jerry's, which is gonna be vanilla base. May maybe a sweet cream base. I could be incorrect on that. It's got chocolate chip cookies, milks like a milk swirl almost. And then other chocolate chips in it as well. Third, I'm gonna go Moose tracks, which is really gonna be vanilla ice cream, and then the Reese's Chunks that are in there. Yep. Tracks great. And fourth to fourth to round it out with you guys.


I'm gonna go with a, I'll go pistachio four oh Oh. So pistachio ice cream. Yes. I call As soon as I said that pistachio isn't my fourth favorite ice cream flavor. It was the fourth one that came to mind. Yeah, I should, it wouldn't be on the face mount or Mount Rushmore. Oh, it wouldn't, this is there now. I, I can't resend. Sometimes The, the bright lights of Mount Rushmore gets you and you just, you panic. Yeah. And I went pistachio with, Hey, a wild pick for Mount Rushmore Vice Flavors. Listen, I, I really like pistachio gelato, but I don't think I've ever gone to the store and bought pistachio ice cream. Yeah. It's pistachio Ice cream's not one of those things. It's not like it's bad. It's just nowhere near the top four. It's not. I They have a decent pistachio from Haagen Doss, but it's not, you don't put it on a mountain.


No. You were going so strong. So strong. It was like banger, banger, banger. Pistachio fell Apart. Fell apart. It's okay. It's okay. I, I would put pistachio on my Mount Rushmore of nuts. Mm. I think that's like number. It might be number one for me, actually. I think that might be my favorite nut. Ooh. I Think I'd go peanut Macadamian peanuts. We're doing it again. We're doing it again. We, When was the last time you had a macada you reached into a bowl of macadamia nuts. Literally Hawaii. What do you live in? Hawaii. Hawaii, yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Now peanuts. Peanuts is, is the most consistent nut out there. And it's got, you know, do it with peanut butter. Yeah. I mean peanut, it is a, it is a double off the Wall. The statue would be on my Mount Rushmore as well. It's Peanut on doubles off the wall. I enjoy peanuts. But you talk about a grand slam, now we're talking pistachios.


Pistachios, almonds. I like Cashews. I also think pistachio is the best word to hear a midwesterners say. Pistachio. Pistachio. The, the, I I just realized too, the fattest thing I just said was I like cashews and I'm thinking about it. I just like cashews when it's with like, you know, Chinese order. Yeah. Oh, it's cashew with the chicken. Yeah. That's It. I feel like cashews are the saltiest nut. Yeah. When you, when you get a fully salted cashew, it, it, it really coats the mouth. Yeah. But I, I like cashew. I just like cashews with, with Chinese food coats the mouth. It Coats. It does, it does. It really coats it. That's The saltiest nut. It's a salty nut. I salt so salty nut.


Sometimes. Sometimes for me, the nut is so salty that it's hard to swallow. No saltier the better. Oh, You love the saltiest nut. You Like a salty nut. Ah, there's nothing worse than when you see like a, a thing of nuts and you take a little handful and it's unsalted nuts. Oh, unsalted nuts suck. Well, What if there's pineapple? What if you've been eating pineapple? Not so, so salty's. So sweeter. Yeah. Oh yeah. I guess tastes better. Yeah. Sweeter. That's true. That's a good point. Are you just putting this together? Pineapple? Yeah. Yeah. Macadamian nuts. No, no. I pineapple Hawaii. What about when you have to, what, what about when you have to lick the nuts off your like glasses? Because it's so salty. It never happens. Oh, Okay. It doesn't happen to you. No, I would never get salt on my glasses. Okay. What about on your chest?


Maybe on my chest you'd get a little salt. If I'm Laying salt on Your chest. If I'm laying in bed and I'm eating some nuts, and then, Oh, you get a little salted nut on your chest. You're Laying in bed eating nuts. Then you roll over a couple times. You wake up in the morning. You've got nuts on your lower back now. Yeah. Yeah. Do you, I guess that's possible When you're eating really salted nuts. Are you using tissue paper? What? Like what are you using Normally? Just a rag. Yeah. Yeah, just a rag. All right. He's got it now. He's Got, He had it the whole time. Max just rolls around the house with ShamWows instead of napkins. Oh, Max, what's your fire fest? It's really me being an idiot. And la last week's fire fest. I thought I was allergic to my dog. Not allergic to my dog. Let's go. Bought like $500 worth of like air purifiers for my apartment.


'cause I was freaking out. Absolute panic mode. It's just seasonal allergies and I, and that I'm, I'm a pussy for having that bad of seasonal allergies. Okay. And I got told online what was going on and it was very obvious that my dog was just, we, we brought her to the park and she was running around in the grass and it was very high grass pollen. So that's why when I was like petting her, I was getting more allergic because she was carrying the pollen. Ah, Yeah. You were being a bitch. She Was bringing that pollen into the house. Massive. Okay. Okay. Whatever. What's, I'm a, what's the stuff, what's the stuff that, that floats around and it looks like cotton. The like tree stuff. Pollen.


No, it's not pollen. I'm talking, it looks like I know what you're Saying. Cotton and it like clumps together and it looks like snow on the ground. So that's tree stuff. That's everywhere. That's tree stuff. Tree stuff. I hate that. That's my mortal enemy. Is that tree stuff. Tree stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Well good for you Max. Yeah. No, I'm back. I Mean, you are still a pussy. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Because You're very allergic to trees. Yeah. That's like, that's as much of a pussy as you could Be. Yeah. It really is. Like, Like come on Beta human. Yeah, That's one of those ones like you natural selection. We've, maybe science has gone too far where we've had like drugs to help people deal with that. It's like, that should have been something like, hey, if you, if you can't, if you can't take sniffing a tree, having a tree sent around, maybe you shouldn't be on this earth.


I'm just walking Around with a sniffles like such a child all week right now. Me, I'm sitting next to memes and memes just like take, take some allergy meds. 'cause I just have the sniffles back here. I've noticed. It's like you Jackie tables, Nicki smokes a lot of allergies going around This time of year. That's not, that's Sniff the award seasons for NFL. The Yeah, the the, I also hate allergies just because I don't have any, just want that on the record. But I hate it because then real sick people use as an excuse. They always just like an actual person with like the flu. Oh yeah. Or cold will say no, it's just allergies. Like that's just not possible. You're sick. So they just use it as a cover and get everyone sick.


Yeah. Yeah. Memes. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I know a guy. Okay. Oh, Shane does that. Oh, there we got finger pointing. Shane, you do that. I get allergies sometimes. Okay. Oh, Shane, I have a question for you while you're here. Yes sir. What do we think about the Charger's new throwback uniforms? Oh, think they're gonna be sick. They're the same as their other uniforms. What Do you They had that, Those are, that those are their, their current uniforms. They put out that post like, Hey, we're excited to unveil the new alternate uniforms. Yeah. They're, and then I looked at it and it, I could not tell the difference between that and their old uniforms. It Was just, Shane's actually not a Charger fan anymore. He was the last to find out memes. Yeah, memes told him like five hours after it got unveiled.


That's not, I, I saw Adams SCHs tweet an hour later. I was, I had my head in my work five hours later. It, it was an hour. Brutal Shane. It was one hour. You gotta be on top of that shit. I, I was, had my head in my work. Why did they, why didn't they come out with a new, why are they telling us that this is a, a new uniform when it's identical to their old ones? They are coming out with new ones. So the announcement was just that, that was, they're they're prepare, like prepare yourself because we're about to drop a new uniform on you in two months. That was their current uniforms. Yeah. It was like, just like a hype video. I think they kind of leaked online some. I can send it in the group. Some guy who is like behind the scenes photographer for chargers, like took a picture of their current jerseys and like on a, on a whiteboard.


There's like pinned pictures. Yeah. This is way too much charger Talk. It's, it's Shane's corner. But I'm excited. I I hope they go with like the old like navy white, like with the white bolt. Like the, the early two thousands. Can you design one? Can you design the, what you would like it to be? I mean it would just be their old jerseys. I can Photoshop something up. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like maybe give us Shane's versions. Like Taylor's version. Yeah. Chargers uniform. Shane's version. Okay. Let's finish out Numbers three. Ah, Fucking distracted by Chargers. Ah, nine. Nine memes. Come on man.


Six. And then 19. I'll Go 21. I'll go 72 memes. You're never gonna get this. I got, we gotta start reminding him more often that he's never gonna get it. 'cause he literally is never gonna get it. Somebody has put a tracker for the days till pass hand. How much more time? It's like, no, it's like 44. It's like three 40 days. Is that long? Yeah, it's like A year. People forget how long Hank went without getting it.


It was crazy. It was absolutely Insane. Love you guys.