
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube. Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a two for, for the people. We have two geniuses at their craft. Terick Scobel, aal Sy Young winner, Detroit Tigers in Studio. Awesome. Interview with him. He's a great dude. And then we have Grandmaster number one in the world, chess genius. Magnus Carlsen. The Goat. The Goat. Great interview with him. We're gonna talk some hockey. We have, we're getting ready for game three of the NBA finals.


We have some Hot Seat chill thrown, And we finish up with listener submitted fa or sorry, guys on chicks. We did guys on chicks.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA finals are finally here. And this is your last shot to win some real cash before the season ends. The simplest way to get in on the action. Downloading the Pick six app from DraftKings. It's crazy simple. Just pick more or less on the stats for two or more of your favorite players. And boom, you're in the mix for big cash prizes. No gimmicks, no weird rules. Just ball, nail your picks and you're heating up. Pick six. Brings upside with payouts up to 500 times ready to make your finals run. Pick six is live in a ton of states, Texas, Cali, Georgia, Missouri, and lots more. And get this all new. Pick six. Customers will instantly get 50 in bonus picks on just a $5 entry. So don't miss your last shot. To win some cash, this NBA season download the DraftKings Pick six app right now. Use code. Take that's code. Take New customers play $5, get 50 in bonus picks instantly. Ride the upside only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non withdraw. Pick six bonus picks that expire in 14 days. Limited time offer terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay, let's go Football guy. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Don't miss your last shot. To win some cashless NBA season download the DraftKings Pick six app right now. Use code. Take that's code. Take New customers, play $5, get 50 in bonus picks instantly. Ride the upside only on DraftKings.


Pick six. The Crown is yours. Today is Wednesday, June 11th. And the Florida Panthers are a, a major, major problem after not only beating the Oilers on the ice in go in terms of goals, but beating the fuck outta them in fights. This feels like the Oilers are on some dangerous, dangerous territory. Yeah, I I was happy that the Oilers in theory fought against the Panthers at the end of the game. That as a hockey expert, my plan, whenever you're getting your ass kicked in a series and you wanna shift it around, just get into a massive line brawl at the end of that game and just try to change the energies up somehow. I'm glad that theoretically they did that, but then they kind of all got their ass beat.


They Lost all five fights By the Panthers. Now there was one move that they should have done that they did not do. Why didn't Skinner fight Bob? Mm. Would've changed Everything. It would've changed everything. Yep. If you lose five fights, but your goalie beats up their goalie, that's, that's a wash. Yeah. That's like, that's even as far as I'm concerned. But both goalies kind of chose to stay out of it at the end, but on the ice there was nothing that the Oilers could do. Sam Bennett shift of the year. Oh, shift of the year for that one shift where he knocked the fuck out of McDavid, then scored a goal. Yeah, he's insane. That Might have, that might be the best shift I've ever seen. He has, I think he has like 10, 10 plus playoff goals right now. Yeah. He's, he's out of the outta control Marshawn still.


He started the scoring, like he's, he's just scored in every single game. The, the Panthers too. They're in some pretty crazy territory. They teams in NHL history have four plus goal victories against four different opponents in a single playoff run. It is the 1981 Islanders. That was a dynasty. The 1983 Islanders Dynasty. They won four in a row and the 2025 Panthers pretty crazy. So every single round, they've just been kicking the shit out of their opponent at least once a once a series, sometimes more. And I don't know, I, I listen, I I I believe Whitney and that this is gonna be a long series, but game four, I'm gonna say it must win, must win for the Oilers.


But then I was thinking about it 'cause I was like, oh, this is a must win. The Oilers did come back from down 3.0 last year to force a game seven. So there's something in there, but I feel like this is the way that game went. And, And we said it, Bob is gonna get locked in. He was locked in. It feels like it's gonna be a, a big, a tall task for the Oilers if they lose on Thursday night. I'm trying to see what the, what were the scores of the first two games last year? Last year? The first first three games. So Game one Panthers three, oiler zero game two, four to one, and then four to three in game three. Game four is where it all flipped. The series flipped. Yeah. And it ended up flipping back again. But the pan, the Oilers won game four last year.


Eight to one. Yeah. So yeah, I I would say it's a must win. It's a must win. I would agree. Yeah, because You just, it it will sound stupid, but that being down, if the Panthers win, especially like they did on Monday night, if they do the same thing on Thursday night, I would say that it feels different than being down 3.0. And I know that's crazy, but 3.030 always you have the, like the game after three, the game four, where it's like, yeah, the team that's up 3.0 is probably not gonna, there's no urgency. Yeah. And then they got into that like going back to Ed Edmonton, dragging them back and all that stuff. I don't Know. But you're also, they gotta win this. We're also talking about the, what they did last year after they were down 3.0. They did end up losing that series. Correct? Correct. So that's why you don't want to be down.


They do have game seven at home this year. That's true. Which Whitney, I, I gotta say I love Whitney so much. What a fucking genius move by him because I, I opened my eyes on Monday morning in the first like three tweets I saw was Whitney gives you guys so much and you guys won't go to game seven with him. And it was just, I don't know if he did that on purpose, but a genius, genius move by him. There Was a lot of, a lot of guilt tripping. Yeah. Which is all fair. This is fair. So perfectly Honest. This is good. This is good stuff. I, I want to see this go seven. I still do. And I don't think that the Oilers are done. And that was a great mathematical breakdown that we did right there. Which is like, you'd rather be down, I'd rather 3.0 than 3.1 or would you rather be down three one than 3.0?


I'd rather be down 3.0 than three one. What about you, Hank? Three One? You'd rather be down three one. Yeah. I think statistically more teams Of three probably. You're right, you're right. It does sound stupid, but I just think vibes wise, three. Oh, I know what you're saying. Three. Oh, you can kind of sneak up on them three. One, you can't, again, they did lose the series. You're down 3.0, you're, you're probably gonna like game four, that's a gimme. Right. You're gonna win that one. Right. And then it's like, all right, now we're just three one. Yeah. And also when you're down 3.0, if you can win game four and five, all the pressure flips back. Whereas if you're down three one, it's not like it's never happened where, you know, three, one lead has been like, you know that balance of pressure where it's like, holy shit, are they gonna blow a 3.0 lead?


You don't Want to be tied three three because you're gonna lose that game seven. Correct. That's what we've learned. Correct, correct. Yeah. Except for last year. No, they, they, The Oilers lost game seven last year. Lost it. Oh, I thought talking about the Panthers. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. No, the Panthers are a problem. They, they're really fucking good. So, so good. And they just, like I said, it's one thing to, to win by five goals to then win five fights. You can't have a better, you can't annihilate a team more than that. Yeah. I, I would've liked to see Skinner throw Chuck some knucks out there. Drop the gloves. They're not sponsored by Superglue. I agree with you. I agree with you. Goalie fight something, something like goalie fight just hits perfectly. Alright, so game three of the NBA playoffs is tonight.


Do we have an any thoughts? I have one bad thought for the Pacers. Okay. The Pacers Indianapolis, they have renamed some of the streets for some of the players on the Pacers. Okay. That feels like a, like you, we just went through this. Why, why would you do this? What are they naming again? It's, it's, I'm not blaming Pacers fans or the Pacers. I'm blaming the, you know, politicians who try to get involved in sports Top in Nav Turner Lane Top in nav actually. Sounds like a pretty cool spot. That sounds like an awesome spot. Yeah. Halliburton Road. Mm. I don't know. This feels, feels ominous. Halliburton Road doesn't really roll off the tongue.


We tried that in Iraq Top. Yeah, that's true. That's true. Top and Ave is, that's a keeper. Yeah. Top leave that street sign up no matter what. Yeah, that is absolutely a keeper. I'm not changing my take, even though if I was thinking this in the middle of game one, which the Pacers that came back to win, but it just seems like this is gonna be a blowout series 5 0 4 1. But again, I was thinking that in the, the first half of the first game and I was like, the Pacers don't stand in a chance. They obviously won that game, but after game two, I, I'm sticking with it. What are we thinking the court's gonna look like? Has Silver told us anything about the the Indy Court? I Don't know. They had time. They have time. They could easily make a fix.


I think I'm gonna stay with four, two Thunder. Okay. I, I feel, I feel confident in that as well. I'll, I'll piggyback with you. Do we wanna put together a, a parlay, which we haven't been able to hit, but we're gonna hit one. Yeah. Can we all just, can we all just agree to just hit it? Why don't we just take a beat just to make sure that we feel good with our bets. Yeah. Let's, I love my, my pick. All right. Three, let's Take a beat. 3, 2, 1 beat. I feel great about my pick. I don't feel great about my pick, but that's usually a good thing. Okay.


The NBA finals are finally here and it's about time to get wild, high, high stakes drama, insane buzzer beaters, jaw dropping dunks and the excitement you live for. And guess what? Draftking Sports booking of official sports betting part of the NBA is giving you a chance to boost your winnings every single game during the final. That's right. Every game, all finals long. DraftKings is rolling out a special NBA Profit boost. So what are you waiting for? Download the DraftKings Sportswear app now. Use code take that's Claim your Profit Boost. That's right. Code take to get your boost for every single NBA finals game. Don't miss your shot at Big wins. This is the moment you've been waiting for. Only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction. Boydton, Ontario. Get one NBA profit boost per game after opt-in boost expires at the end of each game. Boosts bet criteria and maximum bet limits vary. See terms at sportsbook dot at DraftKings dot com slash promos.


Okay Boys, what do we got? What do we got? I'm keeping it simple. Thunder minus five and a half. Thunder minus five and a half. Okay. Should I do an alternate or is that 'cause we just got, we got a win one. We gotta see one go in. We Gotta win one. Alright. Throw in. But then, then Jackie tables always screws us. Aaron Nesmith? Mm mm mm What's your pick? You love PFT. Give us your pick. You love PFT. Okay, my pick that I love, I'm actually, I've got two that I love, so I gotta sort it out. All right. I'm gonna do Aaron Nesmith over 20, or sorry, over 19 and a half points rebounds in assist.


Okay. I haven't done a pacer yet in this series. Time for me to get involved with the pacer. I love this one. This is also a pacer. Okay. Nim hard 12 plus points. Okay, let's get nim hard in here. That's good because when Knee Smith and Nihar like you, you can get 'em confused on the court and you're like, oh shit. At least we get something. Yep. Yeah, let's Get Nim hard. Which one Did you say? How many points? BFT. 12 Plus 12 Plus. Let's get it. I am doing Lou dot Oh Eight plus. Wow. Going reverse reverse of what he did. He scored three the other night. Yep. I will say this.


Six to one. Mm mm Odds. Odds aren't great on this one, but you know what? We need to see one go through the hoop. Exactly. We gotta see one go through the hoop. Who's screwing up the odds? Mine was minus 1 25. Okay, That's fine. Mine was minus one 10. Yours minus 1 65. Oh. Huh? 12 plus points versus Smith. Get him. I got nim hard. Oh, I said nee smith. 20 points rebounds in a six. Hold On, hold on. Check that. Come on Max. Check that. Zach. This is why we got you back There, Zach. This you should be Zach. Well, I'm trying to come up with a pick and do this at The same time. Yeah. 'cause we didn't know we were gonna do this. Zach. You should Have been controlling this. You, I also gotta find it like I am learning your guys' picks on the spot and you have to navigate the DraftKings app Z Does Max today and Do it at the same time.


He severed. Max, are you excited for the new Wait, what did you, what did you pick? Knee Smith over points Rebounds assist 20. Oh, I keep doing knee Smith for PFT. Nesmith and Emhart are confusing. You know this. I do. We just said that, that it's great that we have both of 'em. Max. Okay. 13. The one we're back. Oh, that's great. Love it. Max, are you excited for the new Philly stadiums being built by the guy who built the sphere? Maybe he'll build the sphere. Did you? I did not. I did not know that. Yeah. Pretty cool, right? I I thought you guys had new stadiums. Yeah. The Bank No, we're we're just getting basketball. We're just getting new basketball. Yeah. Is it basketball hockey?


No, I think it's gonna be separate. Which Is, which Is, where are the flyers going? I think they're staying. Oh, So Josh Harrison is Building. I am not a hundred percent This New Jersey thing. No, that was, that was the thing. Now that's no longer, It's not go to New Jersey. So they building a basketball arena right next to the old basketball arena and keeping the old basketball arena. I don't know. They changed like literally every 15 minutes. First. First it was going to center City, like in the middle of Center City, Philadelphia. Then it was going to Jersey, then it was going back back to where originally was. Listen, I agree with you. I feel like it going forward, every new sports arena that gets built, don't fucking tell us anything until the ground is in the shovel. I'm so sick of it.


Arlington Heights, soldier Field, like all this back and forth, it's hard To keep up with When you put A-A-A-A-A shovel into the ground, I will pay attention. Yeah. Because it's just, and it's all dates that are just so far out there and it's just How long does it take to make a stadium? It's Like two or three. Well, football, I think it's like two or three years. Two years. Okay. I also don't know it probably, I, I I, I got caught right there in a, let me just try to say something confidently. I, I would guess it matters what part of the country it's in too. Because some parts of the country you can't build permits. You can't, yeah. Permits. And also you might have to sell the parking rights to UAE and then that takes some time to get the deal done. Okay. SoFi took four years. It was off. So I think three years. Well that's also good weather.


So like if it's up north, maybe Longer. And also they did weird shit with it. Yeah. They left the roof kind of Open. They built that like, go ahead. 2031 is when like that, why do I care about 2031 right now? Agreed. And it is still gonna be shared with the flyers. Oh, okay. So you were long. How long does it, all right, so how long does it take to build A NBA arena? Three years? Let's See. I'm gonna say that's probably two. Yeah. 18 to 30 months. Okay. So that's, that's about, that's about two years. And the sphere guy's doing this one, The sphere guy's doing it. That's Kind of cool. Oh, sphere fame. Yeah. Yeah. So that means that Josh Harris has the sphere guy on speed dial. So maybe my stadium might get done by the sphere guy too.


You get, you're gonna get speared up. Fuck. Yeah. NFL stadiums are usually two to four years. US Bank Stadium. I think that's Minnesota, right? Yep. That was two and a half years. So SoFi did some weird shit. Yeah, they definitely tried to make it all la Well, rich Eisen was personally approving each blueprint, so they had to go back And forth and they also were like, let's make sure we build an indoor stadium that could be delayed by thunder and lightning. We were at the first game ever at US Bank. We were, Yeah, that's right. Holy shit. That was a preseason game. Jeff Fisher. Yep. Yeah. Good call Hank. Oh my God. That Minnesota stay fair was a lot of fun. That was our milk chugging days.


Yeah. We were just chugging milk all the time and chaw and chaw. Just like, oh, here's a video, but let us add some chaw and milk. We should, we should do that. We should do that again once just a little bit. 10 year anniversary. Yeah, just like, yeah, like a throwback. Like just one day do all of our, The milk mile, Get a goldfish for one day. Kill it. It would probably die on its own. 'cause we're, we have a bad history with it. Alright. Do we have other sports stories? You have a CJ Stroud update. Oh, tell me. So c CJ Stroud we're very concerned about his shoulder because he wasn't throwing, because he was dealing with general soreness. And he spoke to the media today and he said, I'm fine man.


So he's fine man. Oh, he is fine man. Man, I'm fine man. He said also, I did not have surgery. Oh I did not get surgery or anything like that. So just to go out there and say like, it's the, my, I did not get surgery. T-shirt has has people asking a lot of questions that are already answered by my t-shirt. Yes, Yes, yes. Okay. So he did not get surgery and he's fine. Then stop asking. Okay. Also, we saw Aaron Rogers in his Steeler's uniform. What do you think the first time Helmet's still weird. Yeah. He said about playing in 2025. I don't fe I don't need it for my ego. I don't need it to keep playing. This was a decision that was best for my soul.


Okay. Huh. That feels like he does need it for His Ego. Not, maybe not ego, but it, he, he said, I don't need it to keep playing. That does that feels like you do because your soul needs you to play. Yeah. Also, yeah. I would say so. Also, JR Alexander got cut and Mark Murphy just probably the meanest quote. Everyone he said, we're used to not having him. What kind of facts? Yeah, very big Facts. And then they asked Miles Garrett about Aaron Rogers in the division. He said, I think it's a good opportunity to put him in the graveyard. Oh. So I like this. Oh, also Aaron Rogers has been married for a couple months. Yeah.


Apparently. Apparently he's got a, He confirmed it's a wedding ring on his finger. How long has he been married? Been a couple months. Okay, good for him. Is he married to the game or is he married to another human being? Love is love. Love is love. No, I, I personally go with the no girls aspect for my quarterbacks. The Jared Crows married to the game. Yeah. He wore a ring for a while. I also got a little excited because they did announce the first game day. So that was, it was just like, Hey, week one's coming soon, Lee Corso, It's gonna be Ohio State and Colo and in Columbus against Texas. But it was just like, oh yeah, football is, I'm not wishing away this summer. People get mad when, when I, when I do countdowns for football.


I love it. You can, you can appreciate the summer while also being like, I can't wait for football. Which is kind of a part of the summer. Right? I can't wait for football. I'm sorry. It's Okay. I've been kind of daydreaming about it. Whenever I tweet, I can't wait for college football. That is literally, that's the only thought in my head at that moment when I tweet it, that's what that it pops in my head randomly. It's usually like, it's nice outside just driving like, man, you know, could be better football. I'll tell you who looks good in a Steeler's uniform is dk. DK Does. Look, dk looks like he was looks fierce. Like he was born a Steeler. He Looks fierce. Zach, do you have a college football team? So I didn't go to a university big enough that would have a team that would play.


I do as a, as a child we would root for the Miami Hurricanes. But I would like to say any team coming outta the state of Florida when they progress, I do like to see the state Win. Okay. You're Rooting for the state. That was a tough year a couple years ago. Remember they lost, like there was that first weekend ever that all the Florida teams lost. There's quite a few of Those. Yeah. Yeah, Exactly. We catch a pop. Let's do an all time ranking of Florida football teams. Okay. One, one. I'm the GOAT with Tim Tebow. Gators. No, I mean just like the schools. Oh, gotcha. That was good. That was good. You were ready to go. Okay. We're stress testing you. All right. So one, I'm, I'm just the GOAT like my Miami hurricanes as of recently they pretty sure they had the most NFL athletes to league ever for quite a long time there.


Then second I'm the GOAT with the Florida Gators or no, I'll go second. Florida State shot my brother graduate Pig. Re shout him. Shout out Florida Gator is third. And then I'll go Florida Golf coast fourth. F-G-C-U-F-G-C-U. Dunk City. Wow. All right. What about UCF Blake portals. UCF Cool Campus Shout Blake. Okay, nice. Alright, let's, let's do Hot Seat Chill run. Then we got two unbelievable interviews coming up and we'll finish up with guys on chicks.


Okay. Before we get to Hot Seat chill thrown. Listen guys, you gotta watch the news show. Stick on Apple. I watched it. It is awesome. There's three episodes out right now. They say it's never too late for a comeback. Even if it's a long shot from the home of Ted Lasso. Come stick a new Apple original series starring Owen Wilson as a has been golf pro and up and coming prodigy teaming up for one last swing at Glory Stick tells a story of price Cahill, a former legend with no career, no prospects, and nothing left to lose until he meets a hotheaded 17-year-old golf phenom named Santi, who's all talent, but no discipline with nothing to lose. Price offers his experience. But does Santi want it joined by price's, old caddy mitts and Santis mom, Elena, the unlikely crew set their sights on the US amateurs and the only thing in their way themselves. It's a journey filled with a few blowups, a few breakthroughs, and a whole lot of mulligans. Don't mi miss this comedy about life and other hazards Starring Owen Wilson, Peter Dager, mark Baron, Mariana Trevino, li Lily Kay, Judy Greer and Timothy Oliphant. It is awesome. I watched the first three episodes. It's perfect. Golf. It's like golf is hot right now and Owen Wilson is the best. It's good to have Owen Wilson back out there. So stick stream the news series June 4th on Apple TV plus.


And we're also brought to you by our friends at Body Armor. Body Armor. Listen, it is Hot Seat chill throne presented by Body armor. Body armor sports drink this summer. Cool off with body armor. Chill. A bold new way to hydrate with no artificial dyes, flavors or sweeteners. Enjoy a new refreshing cooling sensation in three impossibly cold flavors. Frozen berry, frozen cherry and frozen orange available for a limited time. Grab yours at seven 11. Or a steer store near you. Look at this. Bang, chill frozen orange. Ugh. So good. I'm a frozen cherry guy. That's just me.


Okay. Hot Seat chill throne. Henry. My Hot Seat is Terry McClure. Oh, okay. What's that? I just, I don't understand. You know, the, the, the commanders had such a great year. They got a young quarterback you would think they'd be excited to return and, and, and go after that Super Bowl. And I'm just hearing rumors from everyone, Steelers fans, jets fans. It seems like they all think they're getting Terry McClure and I can't figure out why Are the Steelers and Jets fans, are they in this room with you right now? Well, I spent, I spent about five hours with Jersey Jerry yesterday. Okay. And then today before we recorded memes just like Tara McClure jet. But Why would they even think he, like, how is it even possible That Be helpful, Hank this is, I know it's your first season watching football.


Sometimes receivers they get, they want more money because if you play really well, you get paid more money. So, So why would the commanders give that to Him? I think they're going to give him that money. Let me just do, let's do a visualization. Put yourself in Terry McClure's shoes. Okay. You've been in the NFL. Close your eyes. Close your eyes for a long time. You are Terry McClure right now. Been in the NFL for a long time. You've, you've just played last season with the only good quarterback you've ever had in your entire life. Do you want to leave and then go somewhere else with not so great a quarterback? Right? You Don't. No, I don't. I don't. You don't. I don't.


You don't. I don't. So Terry wants to stay, the commanders want to keep him. You just want the most money you can get. That's what's happened. It's called a holdout in in sports. He wants money. So He is coming back. He's coming, he's coming back. They Just gotta pay him. Yeah. He wants his money. He'll Be back if he, if Terry McClure is not a commander next year, I Oh, oh, Careful with Something gonna Yeah, I was about to say, say something dumb. They gotta Pay him. Yeah, they gotta pay him. That's all. They gotta Pay him. They're gonna pay him. I don't think, I think the Trey Hendrickson situation's a little bit different. Yeah. They gotta pay him. But they're going to Yeah, they'll be a commander. Yeah. They're gonna pay him. He's gonna be a commander, guaranteed. Yeah.


Yeah. We have. Yeah. This is just part of, this is just part of, you know, the spring, late spring summer Is not, do you think he's mad about Deebo? Or should be excited about Deebo? I think he's excited about Debo. Yeah. He's excited about Deebo. I think he's mad that he wants to get paid more. It's not, it's nothing. It's nothing Personal, but it's, This is sad. You trying to find drama Hank it's business. No, I I I I've been hearing like, I made no sense to me when Jerry was saying it made no sense what memes was saying. So I came to the source to figure it out. But that makes sense. He'll be a commander. He Wants more money. No doubt. Yeah. Guaranteed. Guaranteed money. Wait, guaranteed. Guaranteed. I under a guaranteed money. I personally guarantee that they're gonna pay him more guaranteed money and he's gonna be a commander next year. And that's a guarantee. Okay.


What's your chill throne? My chill throne is Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds. Oh. We talked about it a lot on this show. The, the lawsuit. Tons and all that. I remember a couple the shows we Yeah, we did two times in a row. We talked about It. If, if They're okay. Right. The two of them. Yeah. They got the suit got thrown out, a judge threw the suit out. Okay. Throughout the lawsuits dealing a huge blow to the Baldon camp. Mm. Okay. So the suit is over. So they're back, they're Back Blake of the year. They're back Blake Of the year. Okay. Get involved. I still don't fully understand the whole thing. I don't know, I, I'm not a a lawyer guy, but I feel like they probably just had better lawyers. I'm gonna, you know what, I'm gonna release a statement.


Just be, be nicer. Be nicer to each other. Yeah. And that's just for, that's not talking to one side or the other. That's just blanket. Hey guys, cut it out. Be nicer. Be a nice person. That's my take on this. Be a decent human. Yeah. It costs $0 to be nice. That's true. I hope they learned a valuable lesson. Yeah. Be better. Be better. Be better. We can all be better. I expected more out of them. I'm just gonna leave that out there. I expected more out both sides. I I just said them. Them. You don't know who them is. It could be talking about this could be. I just expected more out of them. Same. Okay. I'm not taking a side. I have not, I no, I'm not.


I was gonna say I think I have, but I don't, I don't have Any. Wait. So are Blake and Ryan, are they on the same side? Yeah, They're buried. Okay. So you'd hope so. Otherwise that would be an awesome betrayal. I, that's what I'm rooting for. Yeah. I'm rooting for one of them to flip over to the Baldon camp. That would be sick. And then turn on their spouse. Yeah. That would Ross be sick. Love is dead kind of moment. But that would be nice. Hank, did you get your Sydney Sweeney soap yet? I did not. Oh, this must be in the Mail. It's on the way. Did you get some? Yeah, he did. You know, he did. First of mine. You know, he did Love that. PFTI Got Napoleon's hair. Yeah. Yeah. That's on the way. Sick. Do you think I could implant Napoleon's hair into my face? Yes. As like a beard strand That would rock my Hot Seat is golfers Oh, golfers are on the Hot Seat.


Because I saw we're starting to get the content that we predicted would happen. Yes. From the US Open of like, holy shit, this course is going to be impossible. One was just a picture of a 289 yard par three, which is awesome. Insane. Can we bet on the winning golfer to have a, a score that's over par? Yes. I wanna, I Yeah, you can. You can. There's gonna be, listen DraftKings, it will be like a winning score. I wanna, I wanna bet on winning score over par. I I think this us Open is going to the course. Mm. Officially I've seen enough of the content where now I fear this course. I is it bad that I'm, I I, you know, you don't want ru for favorites obviously.


I would love to see our guy Brooks do. Well, I'm gonna bet on him. But I kind of wanna see Scotty just dominated again. Like, I'm in this, I'm in Scotty zone where it's like, if he just keeps just kicking the shit out of everyone, that would be awesome. What are you looking at Hank? I don't any player to be bogey free through 72 holes. What do you think the odds are for that? I don't, I think it's is plus 150,000. 50,000. Yeah. I that's that's, Yeah, it's Bad. Bet it's Impossible. $2 to win 3000. Yeah. That's an Impossible bet. Bad bet That that will be, that bet will be done by like halfway through Thursday. But I am, I am rooting for Scotty. Does that that make me lame? I don't know. I just, I'm kind of in the greatness mode. Him, I, I like rooting for greatness.


Yeah. But I also like rooting to see greatness fail at the last second. Who would you, who would be your second pick? 'cause like the, the, I think the, tell me if I'm wrong, Hank, you're looking at it right now. The odds are Scotty's a favorite, then it's Bryon, then it's Rory. And I don't want a roof of Rory or Bryson Rory's given up. He doesn't care anymore. Oh really? Yeah. Is that a fact? He said it after the, when he was doing media last week, he was like, yeah, I just, it's after I won the the Grand Slam. It's harder to, you know, practice as hard. Oh Man. Which is fair. But also it's like he's, He's, he's jacked me. I win the Grand Slam. I'm going even harder. That's Scotty Bryson, John Rom. Rory Xander. Okay. Alright. Xander Zander would be nice. Er would be awesome.


I root for Zander. Brooks would be nice. Brooks would be awesome. Brooks would Be awesome. If Max was in he would win. Yeah. But absolutely. He just ran outta time. Yeah. If Jake Knapp was in, he'd probably win too. That's a Fact. Alright. Yeah. So, we'll I, I'm excited to watch golf. Yeah, me too. And also we get the Father's Day us Open, which is great because I'm just gonna be like, my Father's Day gift is, I wanna watch the US Open. Yep. That's it. Then my cool throne is TJ's who have a love hate relationship with Pittsburgh. Mm. So TJ Watt is one of them. I think he's gone. I'm hearing he's gonna be a commander. Oh Yeah. You're gonna Hank are you listening? TJ Watt. You just Reversed it. So, so Check this out. Hank you just reversed it Before Then. Jjt. He's been, he's been a great player on the Steelers.


Haven't really accomplished that much besides making the Playoffs recently. Every year He's gonna cost a lot of money. I think he's unhappy and I think he wants to go. Who's gonna pay him? I Thinkers don't have money. I I think the commanders Commanders the commanders have money. They're, they're already paying. Terry. So I, yeah, we, yeah. TJ Watt. It was TJ Watt. Terry McCluen. And then there was one other holdout. Trey Hendrickson. Trey Hendrickson. Which that one is, he's been holding out forever. Yeah. That, that one to me seems fractured. I do think that TJ's the GOAT back to Pittsburgh, he the only other place I could imagine. He's a more Jersey guy. I could imagine. TJ Watt wearing a Green Bay Packers jersey. Yeah, We said that a couple weeks ago. That feels like that would be the only one that would make sense.


Oh, also Jalen Ramsey. Who Okay. I he might get traded too. Yeah. Yeah. And then the other tj, TJ Oshi, who has had some ups and downs with Pittsburgh as a Washington Capital. He retired yesterday. Oh. And he retired at the fountain in Georgetown where he went for a swim after the Stanley Cup. Now Captain America, I think Captain America, go back and watch the highlights of him competing against Russia in those Olympics. 2014, I think the best, where it was, it was the penguins coach and he just, he brought tj 'cause he is like, one of these games is the GOAT into shootouts. And I'm just gonna run TJ Oshi out there against Bob. And it was just TJ dominating Bob to win that game over and Over and over. Which was great Again.


Yeah. It was great to watch. But TJ didn't play this year. He, I thought that he was probably gonna retire like two years ago actually. Yeah. But he finally made it official. So Great player Captain America. Thank you for your service, tj. Okay. And then your chill throw. That was my chill throw. Oh, that was your chill throw chill throne. It was TJ's TJ's who have a love TJ's hate relationship. Yeah. Yeah. With Pittsburgh. Alright. My Hot Seat is the Washington Wizards. Okay, You ready for this? Oh wait, yeah, yeah, yeah. The Washington Wizards. All right, you ready for this? So this actually is kind of a combo Hot Seat for the, for the Pacers. So the game three is Wednesday night. Did you know that a former Wizards player has won each of the last eight championships And there is one singular Wi Ex wizard in these finals on the Pacers Thomas Bryant.


So they are now, the wizards are on the Hot Seat. They gotta win this to keep the streak alive. So 2017 Sean Livingston and JAL JaVale McGee 2018 Livingston and McGee, 2019 Raptors. Jody Meeks 2020. Dwight Howard McGee and Marke Morris 2021. Bobby Portis 2022. Gary Peyton, the Second Auto Porter Junior and Chris Za. And then 2023, the Nuggets had KCP Jeff Green ish Smith and Thomas Bryant in 2024. Hank Christop. So now you're on the hot championship. DNA in, in Washington. It's like the the NBA's farm system. Yeah. That's where you go to learn how to win.


Yeah. Because first you have to learn how not to lose. Right. And then the Lakers, when they almost beat the nuggets that one year and they would've won the championship Except when they lost four to one. Except they lost four to one in the series. Yeah. They had Rui Hatcher more. Yeah, that's true. So like, these are great. All the greatest teams of the last, what, six years, seven years. This is a, this is a fun little wrinkle, you know, streak that we, you know, the Pacers are the Pacers and the wizards are on the Hot Seat. So, but if the thunder win, no one, no dice. No one, no dice with them. And then that means maybe Chris Paul championship loading for next year. Mm. Wizard's. Legend. Yeah. Well, No, it would break the streak. The thunder. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. So We'd have to start a new streak. My cool throne is the Detroit Tigers because they're really good at baseball.


We're gonna have te s scuba on in a minute, which was awesome in studio. But the Tigers are averaging over 26,000 fans per game. 40% jump from this time last season. It's more, it's, it's partially credit, you know, tigers fans showing up, but also a reminder that anytime a baseball owner says no one shows up, if you put a good product on the field, fans will show up. And I hate that when that happens in sports where an owner will be like, well we gotta move 'cause the fans don't support us. No, you've been like gutting the team and gutting the, you know Yeah. The city for, for years and years and years. Yeah. 'cause you can make money as an owner with a bad team. Yeah. And so a lot of owners are just like, I want to, I wanna see my investment increase.


I don't really give a shit about the product. That's always bullshit. Did we talk about it on this show? I can't remember if the, I think they should have a new rule in own, in, in all sports that if, what call it five years, if you don't make the playoffs a five years automatic sale. I like that. Like whatever the threshold is, that would be awesome. 'cause relegation iss never gonna come to American sports. But if you could relegate owners that would be sick. That's Probably for the same reason not gonna come to American Sports. Of course it's not. But I'm just talking about, you know, dumb rules that I, I I'm gonna start, I, you know, next time we have a commissioner on, I'm gonna start saying it to 'em. But like, maybe not playoffs, maybe it's have to be, you have to be over 500 because obviously playoffs are, are tough to get to in certain sports.


But some, some type of rule that if you don't field a competent team once at least every five years, you automatically have to sell. And maybe, you know what we, we say that you get, you have to sell like 15% off Or you get, you get suspended as an owner, Whatever it may be. Should You don't get to hang out there a your suite you have to pay for. If you're an owner and your team doesn't make the playoffs in the first five years, you have to sit in the stands. Right. You're not allowed to sit away from the people because Like baseball does the, the floor, the suspending floor now. But that still doesn't incentivize them to, to be good. It just incentivizes them that they have to spend a certain amount of money. So, I don't know, just a rule out there.


Could throw it out there. Could pitch pitch to people. What are you looking up? The salary cap floor. Yeah. In baseball. I know baseball has one now. I can't remember what it is. Zach is, are you Googling Zach? I don't, I think they're talking about it. I thought there was One. No. 'cause it, in order to have a floor, you have to have a cap. Oh, it doesn't have that's they're Oh, that's right. That's right. That's what they're negotiating right now. That's right. And I do think the salary cap floor has a possibility to pass. I think that there's a good chance it could pass because of this problem that we have. So we Need the floor. But right now it was NBA Is the one. Yes. Right now, NBA has a floor right now in baseball. The owners don't have to spend anything if they don't want to. Right. That's right. Which is why you get teams like the Spending nothing With the Oakland A's.


Yeah. The baseball one that I was thinking of is they have changed it so that you can't tank every year and get the first pick. Yes. You they, they move where you are on the order. But the NBA salary floor is, does exist. But Yeah. So we might How About it should just be owners. If you don't, if your team, if your team sucks every single year, you have to sell the team. Yeah. And we and And we get to decide the price. Yeah. And don't make your money back. Don't make your money back. That would be sick. Because then you buy a team and you're just like, I have to, I have to do it. There's Pressure. If you don't make the playoffs within the first five years of buying a team, you have to sell the team and the max you can get is exactly what you paid for the team. Yeah. And that means that all the money, which is probably not that much if your team sucks all the money that you've spent in the interim, that's all just lost money.


Yeah. I kinda like that. And also think about how thrilling it would be if you root for like a Colorado Rockies and you're on year five and you haven't been to the playoffs or say be over 500. Like that's a, now that season becomes very interesting. Yes. 'cause you might be rooting, you're rooting for your team to maybe win some games, but you're also rooting for the automatic sale to take Place. Then all of a sudden some shitty teams would become massive, massive buyers. Yeah. At the trade deadline and get like one year rentals and then they could go back to being shitty out. But still that Would be, but at least they'd be good for a little bit. It'd be interesting to watch. I think we need this rule. We're gonna pitch it to Adam Silver when he comes, when he comes on again. Rob Manfred, just for forget salary cap floor ownership.


Ownership relegation. Maybe they have to go own like AA team. I like that. That would bump 'em down. You just, you just relegate the owners. I do think making them sit in the stands with the fans would be Yeah. That would go a long way. Yeah. Have them face the music Every single game. Yep. Yeah. Okay. Zach, you have a Hot Seat Colter on? Oh, yes sir. I can do that for you. Yeah, I got one for you. Let's go hit us. And so, Hot Seat. I do have Tim Cook from Apples in the Hot Seat today. Oh. For me, iOS 26 previews are coming out and it's, it looks atrocious. So I don't know if you guys have seen any of the No. What's going on with it? So It looks like, it looks like finger painting and a little bit of like abstract art everywhere.


It's a, the themes is like, it's, it looks like painting glass. Okay. So they're stacking the notifications over. You can't see anything. Oh yeah. All the notifications are clear. That's weird. They're stacking clear notifications on clear wallpapers. I'm also in the zone where I'm just, my phone is just breaking because the new phone's coming out. What are they trying to, that's how to get you. Yeah. What are they trying to condition us to do here? Why are they, why are they doing this new thing? What Is this? I I I just think they're, it's too far of a reach. They're like, oh, the people are gonna love this. We need to be more innovative. And they're just taking away all, all things you can see. It's just clear, it's just unusable. Mm. It's very frustrating. Mm. Are they trying to make us a Tim Cook should go, Are they trying to make us cook?


Should go the iPhones that we'll be more likely to get a chip implanted in our brain. Mm. An apple chip in the brain. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's coming dude, you guys now for a chip. I don't want, it's coming. It's gonna happen and I'm gonna have to get it. And then when I Get you chip up, then when I get it I'll be like, how did I ever live without this chip? Yeah. Chip to Death. So it's chip or be left behind. Correct. No choice. We'd just have to chip. Correct. Everybody chips in. Would You get the chip? I'd have to get the chip. Yeah. Well, we'd make, I wouldn't want to. Okay. Yeah, we'd probably Make you get the chip first to see how it goes. Test chip. Yeah. Yeah. You're, you're a gua pig chip. Yeah, I I can Do that. That's a good Hot Seat though. I didn't even know they were doing the iOS. So is this automatically updating our phones overnight?


If you have auto updates on? Maybe if you have storage. Yes. If you don't have storage. Probably not If you don't have auto updates on. No. What was the, so you can't opt out. That was, What Was the reaction like when they, they unveiled this? 'cause I love, I love watching the Apple conferences where they like unveil, they show like a, a pair of glasses on the screen and then everyone like claps and they're like, oh my god. Oh my. They clap for products like little seals. So, you know, in the room they're all going crazy for Tim Cook and Apple. But the response online is just like, we don't know about this Tim. Okay. We got a bully. Bully's Too. Good. Listen, we're gonna have to bully it's facts. Alright, what's your child run Child? My child run for today is DDG. Who's a YouTuber? Former, eh, flex Wrapper.


Current Twitch Streamer. Okay. Okay. I know what all those words mean, but I looked at Hank and he was like, what's, what are those? So can what's a, what's a flex wrapper? Yeah. Start with flex wrap for Hank. Flex Wrapper would be YouTube Wrapper. Oh, so Flex position. Not always rapping. Sometimes wrapping. Oh, flex Wide receiver. Yeah. Flex. Like, yeah, like, okay. Got it. We YouTuber one day might go in a booth, do some Wraps. Content creator that does wraps slash Got it. Yeah. Slash perfect. That that would've made more sense. Yes. Slash the Cordell Stewart. Yeah. Okay. And so, so he reported, he gave us a little peek behind his analytics recently reporting 12.3 million from the month of May between ad ad revenue, AdSense, Twitch Prime subs, Spotify streams, et cetera.


And he's also been spotted quite a few times with Instagram sweetheart. India love recently. Oh, okay. Which is all time. It is all time. That is all, that's an all time dog move by him All time. Yeah. Really. Certified stamp it. Are We, are we living vicariously through him? A little bit? Yeah. Yeah. Like Certainly massive dub. DDDG, All caps. WDG. Shout to Indie love. Yeah. Is India love on your list? She's like first round, second pick Probably First round, second pick. Oh, she's won one. Yeah. Who's won? 1 1 1. Probably Tame Money. Jay Texas base Rap woman. Oh, is this, is this Hot rappers or Hot? That's hot women. Hot women. That was hot women. Yeah. And what's what, what would your third pick be?


I don't have a a theory off the top of my head. They're a little bit, they'd be interchanging. Who's on your Mount Rushmore of women all time. All In what, what face it? Just women, whatever. Open ended. Just women. Open ended women. Top. Top four women. Not open-ended in that Sense. Yeah. Yeah. I understand. Kind of Open-ended top four women of all time. This is, this is it. We're listen, we're about to get out Mount Rushmore season. Okay. So we gotta stress test you. All four women. Top four women of all time. In any capacity. Any Capacity. Yep. There's There's a lot. Yeah. There's a lot of women. Is there any, we wanna pigeonhole this at all. They're just straight for I I think there's one thing you gotta make. There's one pick you gotta make. There's one I have to make.


Yeah. Your own mom. You have to pick your own mom. Can she go on the Mount restaurant? Yes. Yes. Mom's one. One. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. Okay. If we're getting a little personal there. Mom's one. One. Yep. Every, every. And even if you guys pick my mom, take mom as well. Okay. So I overstep. So we'll do mom one, one. We'll go Save money. Not on the restaurant. I don't know. Yeah, But you can mix it off. Throw it out there like it's open-ended throw. I Had too much respect. My mother put tame money next to her on the Mount Rushmore. Okay. Would your mom get along with Tay money? I'm not sure. Okay. I'm not really sure. Don't know her well enough. No. My mom well enough. Not Tay money. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Mom's up, up top one, one other women. We got other, there's, there's tons of other women you put on Mount Rushmore.


Oh yeah. Are you Catholic? No, I don't practice the Catholic religion. Okay. All right. Okay. So you were thinking maybe Mary, I Was May, maybe Mary. Yeah. Trying to save you with God. I, I appreciate that. Shout out to, I think Mary does great for, I think religion is great for a lot of people. You know what I'm saying? It's a shout to Mary. She's a good guide. So we can throw Mary on there. So my mom Mary, I think, I think you go Mom Mary Tay money. Susan B. Anthony Done. We'll swap that for Michelle Obama. And we're done. Oh, okay. Which One Now we'll go. Susan b Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Susan. BB Well I thought you were gonna swap Tay money for Michelle. We're not swapping. That's No t that's a good mount rush word. Your mom Tay money. Susan b Mary.


And then if one of them does something to get canceled, we could replace them with Michelle. Yeah. Like if your mom said something, but then Michelle, Michelle Obama goes on there. We'll take Michelle out of the, out of the flex spot and we'll put the little Debbie woman up there. 'cause I love those names. Oh, That's great. Pick. Great pick. Good pick. Great pick. Okay. Good job. That felt good. Stress testing Mount Rushmore. Wendy's gonna be upset. The, let's get to our interviews. We got Te Scobel and then the goat chess. Grandmaster Magnus Carlsen.


Okay. Before we get to our awesome interview with Terrick Scobel in Studio Shady Rays, you know that moment, the one where you realize you left your favorite sunglasses at the beach or on the roof of your car at a gas station. Three states away. Well, I've been there too. But then I found Shady Rays and it changed the game. These sunglasses are made for real life. Seriously. Good looking, polarized, durable, and not stupidly expensive. And here's the wild part. If you lose or break them even on day one, shady rays, we'll send you a brand new pair. No guilt trip. Just replacements. So now I actually wear my sunglasses without fear on hikes, at concerts, on the boat, whatever. It's about to be Summer. You need your shady rays. Shady rays is eyewear that has your back. We've teamed up with shady rays to bring you an exclusive offer. Head to shady rays.com. Use code PMT for 35% off polarized sunglasses. Try for yourself the shades. Rated five stars by over 300,000 people. Go right now and get some shady rays and use that code. PMT.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Morgan. And Morgan Ever stood at the top of a towering water slide, heart pounding, and ask yourself, what's the worst that could happen? One visitor found out the hard way, what was supposed to be a thrilling day at a popular Florida water attraction ended in a life altering injury. While riding one of the park's fastest slides, he was violently thrown from his tube, landing hard and suffering injuries that still affect him. Nearly four years later, that's when he turned to a law firm known for standing up to the biggest names in the business. The suit claims the slides design. Coupled with a lack of clear safety communication oversight created a hazardous environment, especially for guests outside certain body specifications. Now this guest is living with permanent pain, scarring, and a drastically diminished quality of life, all from what was supposed to be a routine thrill ride. Because when safety isn't the top priority, fun can turn into something else entirely. Listen, there's a lot of lot of things that we like to do outside. There's a lot of things we like to do that might be thrill seeking. There's a lot of things we like to do in our day-to-day life. And if you get hurt, Morgan and Morgan is there for you. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm with over $25 billion recovered. They've been fighting for the people for over 35 years, helping over 500,000 clients get the compensation they deserve. Hiring the wrong firm can be disastrous. Hiring the right firm could substantially increase your settlement. With Morgan and Morgan, it's easy to get started and their fee is free unless they win. Just visit for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound 5 2 9. That's for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law pound 5 2 9. This is a paid advertisement.


Okay, here he is. Terick Scobel. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest, recurring guest. It is AAL Cy Young winner Teek Scobel Ha. Number one pitcher in baseball. Can I say that right now? Yeah, you can say it. I won't say it, But you can say it. Okay. Well, I'm gonna say it. Cy Young winner Cy Young Winners sounds. That's, I like that. Yeah. And you're also doing it again this year, like crushing it. So in studio, awesome to see you. I actually, let's start with just pitching. Let's just go straight to pitching because we, last time you were on, after you won the Cy Young, you were saying something, I think PFT asked a question about like getting it like fa going faster than like 1 0 2.


And it's like, you're like, I'm kind of topped out at that. That's kind of what it is. You had a game this year where you had a complete game shutout, where you went 1 0 3 in the ninth. How did that happen? Yeah. I don't know. I, I mean, I don't know, but I think, you know, when I took the mound for the ninth inning and I'm going back out there, the whole stadium's kind of chanting your name and you don't really think that, like, when you're young, you don't think that that's a possibility to have that happen. So I, I just kind of took a moment and enjoyed it. And then the adrenaline like spiked big time. And then I got into an O2 count and I knew a fastball was coming and I'm like, this is either gonna be the hardest pitch of my life and be nowhere near the zone, and then I have to make another one, or this game's over.


And it just so happened he swung. I mean, it wasn't really close to the zone, but he swung over it and it just kind of, that is what it is. It was, it was an awesome moment. Also, I did, I read correctly the pitch com, like didn't work in the ninth inning because it was so loud. It was Loud. Yeah. So I had it, I have it on like, so it goes up to like 20 or whatever. And I have it on like 14 for most games. And then if you're in a dome, you turn it up a little bit 'cause it's just naturally louder. But I had it on 14, couldn't hear a thing with two strikes there. And then I was, you know, putting my glove over, still couldn't hear, turn it up to 20. And then it got quiet when that whole thing happened. And now I'm like, dude, I think he can hear what pitch is coming because it's so loud. But yeah, I mean, it was, it was gonna be a fastball, I think.


No doubt. And then you just kind of let it rip and that's what happens. Yeah, I think Everybody knew what pitch was coming. It was like, you're Gonna gonna reach back. You're gonna, you're gonna throw it as hard. That was the last pitch of the game, right? Yeah. You hit 1 0 1 0 3. Is that One? Oh, 2.6 Don't round up. No, it's 1 0 3. Do we count that as 1 0 3? Yeah. I don't, but you guys can. Yeah, I count that as 1 0 3. Yeah. It show 1 0 3 on the broadcast. Yeah. It always rounds up for us, which is sweet. Done. Yeah. I love That 1 0 3. That's pretty great. You, you've been throwing less fastballs though. Has that been like a conscious, I mean, obviously less since when you first came in, I think you were throwing like half your pitches for fastballs. Now it's your changeup. Was that something in the off season? You're like, this is just a way I'm gonna get even better. Those look, those are good questions for our catchers.


Good question. 'cause I'm like, I, you know, I, I don't shake a ton And we go over game planning stuff and you have a plan of what you want to do, and then the game tells you what you need to do. The lineup tells you the at bats dictate what pitch is thrown. And our catchers do a great job. And if the change ups working it's, and they're swinging and missing and I'm getting a lot of positive results, I'm gonna keep throwing it. And I think that's kind of where the uptick in usage is. And I get nine righties a game damn near every time. Right. You know, so I need something to go to my arm side, so that way they're not just the, the ball just consistently coming into 'em. So. Right. Yeah. The, that's kind of the point of it. I Saw on the last pitch of the game, it looked like the leg kick was just as high as it normally is. Do they have advanced stats to show how high you're Getting the leg?


I bet I could pull some Hawkeye data. Yeah. It was at home, so I bet I could pull something to see. But yeah, I mean that was, that's as hard as I can throw a baseball no matter. I see, you know how I said that last year? I actually think that that's as hard as I can throw a baseball. Yeah. You the limit. Next year you're gonna come in And we were like, Hey, remember when you threw 104 in the Playoffs? You're like, oh yeah, I guess that's the hardest I Can throw. Well, if I'm in the ninth inning in the playoff game, then that's something different. Yeah, I bet. I bet that would actually be harder than that, but, well, you were feeding off. It's not Rainy. It was the, the adrenaline from the crowd. No doubt. When you were in the ninth inning. No doubt. So you just need the crowd to be exactly that loud and you can keep dialing it up. Yeah, I, I guess so. Yeah, you're right. I mean, there's 36,000, it's an 1135 game. So like the fact that the fans showed up for an 1135 game, I got a ton of, you know, respect for, and then, you know, you're doing something like that.


And we're, we just lost three to Cleveland in a row and we're kind of trying to salvage a series and there was a lot of kind of emotions that went into that game that made it special. Sounds like you love Detroit. I love Detroit. Yeah. Yeah, I do. Yeah. Like for the rest of your life, love Detroit. Sure. Like we could sign a contract right now. We'll only take 5%, I think Scott Boris, we've met him. We've been to his offices. Yeah. PFT, beautiful office Shit in his offices. I took a big shit in his office. That's awesome. Yeah. Not in his actual office. I mean, I'm drinking a coffee right now. I think I might take a shit here if I'm being honest. It's about that time in The morning. No, but that's a, that's a sign of dominance. I, I waltzed into his office, I took a dump and I feel, I feel like now Yeah, Scott Bo looks up to me as a man.


Yeah. He Respects you for sure. Has to, To We could get this done today. Yeah. You guys walk in and see all the baseballs and stuff. Oh yeah. That's cool. It's like a, he's like a Darth Vader of baseball. When you walk in, you're just like, holy shit, this office is impressive. So, ha. Real question. And then we'll do the negotiation. Is it difficult sometimes to be playing in a season like this? Being like, there's a lot of money coming. Like, it's like, it, it, you, you're human, you know what I mean? You can't, I know not think about it at all, but are you able to like compartmentalize? Yeah, I think when you're, when our team's doing what we're doing, I mean, we got 40 wins or whatever, it's the whole contract and, and money stuff kind of goes to the side because we're winning so much.


And that's, that's the ultimate goal is to win. You know, you wanna be the last team winning, you know, with a win in the season. So it makes it easier in that aspect, you know. And last year when we traded away guys, it did become a little bit more difficult to pitch because I knew that I was chasing down an award and stuff, and then we went on that run and it kind of took all that shit away. Right. So winning, I, I say this a lot. Winning cures everything. You know, winning is, it's a bandaid that, you know, it doesn't matter if it's a bullet hole, whatever, you know, it cures everything and you just kind of go play baseball. So that's kind of the Yeah, I I think winning is, it takes a lot of that stuff off your mind as a player. Dumb question maybe, but when, 'cause the season is so long in baseball, when does losing, when is what's a losing streak that like, okay, it becomes a bummer because obviously you can lose two games in a row.


You can lose three games in a row. That's just baseball. What, is there a number where you're like, well, this fucking sucks. I was actually joking around this year when we got swept by the Dodgers to start the season. I was like, I, I walked to aj, I go, Hey skip, are we ever gonna win again? Right, right. Three is a long, a long time, but like, I mean, three happens, you know, we just did it to Cleveland and then we rattled off five straight wins. So the game, the ebbs and flows of baseball are a little bit different. But I mean, if you're losing four in a row, if you get swept by a team for four games, that's like, that was a long series, you know, and it's half a week of, of games playing, you know, four or five. I've been on teams that have lost 13 in a row and that is like, that is, that's tough.


Legitimately miserable. Yeah. You know, you don't even want to go to the yard anymore. You're like, when's the last bus? When's the first bus outta here? Can I get treatment during the game so I don't have to watch us lose again? There's yeah, there's a losing sucks. Yeah. Yeah. Is that, is there always some guy that's like trying to lighten the mood in the clubhouse and they try it in different ways if it's a losing streak and at, at some point you just have to like, stop trying to like joke your way out of it. Yeah. What, what is that Like? Yeah, I think sometimes it's like when, when you start losing, guys tend to try a little bit harder and then you realize like, that's probably the wrong thing to do. Maybe try a little bit less and just play the game of baseball and no stress. And I, I think that we have guys in our clubhouse that keep it light.


You know, Jake Rogers is like that guy, you know, where our team is funny too. You know, torque's one of those guys too where he can have a horrible at bat, you know, like horrible at bat and come in and be like, I saw him. Well, you know, like, that's like, that's who he is. Like, greeny yesterday in the first inning, I think we hit like two homers or whatever. But he's the one who struck out in between the homers and he comes in and he's like, as happy as anyone and he is like, yeah, I saw him well too, but I'm like, dude, you struck out. Yeah. And he's like, no, but I saw him. Well, yeah. You know, so like, that's like, that's that running joke, you know? Or when our team has a horrible swing, you know, we'll scream to the umpire. He's like, check him. No. Like, ask for help, you know? Yeah. It's like, no, he's not even close to hitting it. So our team does a good job of keeping it pretty light and, And we enjoy it.


Yeah. I Feel like that's important in baseball too, is no doubt is even if you play every day, if you have a bat at bat and you say like, I saw it. Well, even if you're joking and you're lying about just saying it out loud, like there's a part of you that might believe it. Yeah. And it's such a mental thing where it's like, okay, I'm still in a positive mindset, so next time I go up, I'm not gonna be bummed out thinking about all the negative things that could happen. No doubt. No doubt. I think it's, it's funny as pitchers, you know, we'll throw a pitch that's 40 feet, right? And I bet everyone watching is like, how does a professional athlete do that? And then our dugout is probably screaming like, Hey, you can't get beat there. You know, great pitch. You can't get beat there. They can't swing. Or you throw a fast ball to the back of the, you know, off the netting over him. It's like, Hey, can't get beat there, man. Yeah. Yeah. You can't get beat. They can't hit put the bat on it.


Yeah. Hey, whatever. Onto the next pitch. You know? I feel like I'd get my ass kicked right away. 'cause I just, someone would strike out and be like, that was a great cut. Like, just keep saying that over and over. Great. Cut. No, it's hilarious, dude. I mean, there's moments where maybe bigger moments this, these things kind of tend to happen earlier in the games. Later in the games it's a little bit, you know, you kind of pick and choose when you're gonna mess around, but, and then score of the game kind of dictates that, you know, if we're getting our ass beat, like there's, I'm not gonna, and when our guy checks swings and it's a bad swing, I'm not gonna yell out like, hey, check, you know, the umpire or whatever. But I think that's our, our team's fun in that aspect too, right? Yeah. We just, we're young, we have fun, we enjoy it. You know, you have a bad swinging bunt that's like goes five feet foul, you'll, you know, you'll hear someone from the dugout like, straighten it out.


You know? I think that that's, that's hilarious to me. And, And we just kind of keep that same vibe. Yeah. I, I, I heard a nasty rumor about you. Well, first I, I, I'm gonna give you some credit because in your last 10 games, your five and oh, your ERA is 1.66. Whew. You've Got 0.03 from being really good. Point oh three from being really, really Nice. Yeah. Really good. Yeah. 89 strikeouts and three walks. Yeah. In your last 10 games. 89 strikeouts and three walks. That's crazy. I, we want to give you all the credit in the world again. We wanna build you up. We want to see you get this massive contract. Hopefully stay in Detroit for a while. But I came across something very concerning about you. Oh no. You cheat at crossword Puzzles. Oh dude, They're fucking hard.


We got a guy here who just got exposed for cheating at crossword is a big deal. It's a big Deal. Yeah. But do you feel accomplished? Do you feel like you, you did something if you cheat at the crossword puzzle? Yeah. I, I try my best to do it by myself every day. Right. I try my best to do it. How fast do you cheat? Like what? So what point are you going to cheating? Okay. Yeah. So if I, you know, I'll go through every single clue, right? And then, you know, you, you go through the crossword, sometimes they flow, you know, like you'll have the top left and it'll flow to the middle and you get some letters and it'll flow to the bottom. Right. And then you kind of gotta start taking some shots in the dark on the bottom left or top right. Yeah. And once I get to a point where I literally don't know how to do anything, I've read every clue twice.


I've done it all twice. That's when I usually call Jake Rogers. I'm like, Hey Jake, like, can you change one of these clues? Look at what I have, what's the most important word for me to go forward? You know, what's gonna gimme the most? Usually it's like a, it'll be like something down. 'cause it'll give you the start for like five other words. Yeah. And he'll just like change the clue for me and then I'm like, oh yeah. Way better clue for me. And I'll write it in, you know. And then, then I'll go and if I get stuck again, then you know, I'll, I'll ask again. But that's kind of the Oh, So you don't, you don't Google it, you just ask him? Well, Some, yeah. I mean, sometimes I have to If if he's not route Yeah. If he's not around, I have to like, if I can't find him, Is he the best need to get it done?


It's crosswords On our team. Yeah. Yeah. So he is the worst torkelson. I don't even think Torque could start it. No. Right. That's what I'm saying. Jackson job. Jackson Job couldn't do It either. Yeah. So who would look at it? Just being like, what is this, what is this witchcraft? He's like, this is this algebra. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's a lot of guys that, that couldn't do it because you gotta know the, you gotta know the lingo and la jargon, you know, there's a lot of words that repeat every day. Yeah. You know, if they ever talk about a cookie, it's an Oreo. You know, if they ever have a lake in there, it's eerie. Just 'cause there's styles and stuff. So, Wait, are we talking about the full crossword or are we talking about the mini? Well, the crossword mini is pretty easy.


Yeah. Okay. I just wanna make sure that we're not cheating. No, we're Talking about Us a today. Today, right. York Times. Yeah. Are, yeah. Is it U US A today Or New York? Well, New York. The New York one I think is really hard. And the LA one is like, that one is fucking impossible. Okay. Like, you can't do it. You can't do it. Yeah. Well I can't do Any of 'em. Yeah. But I think it's USA today. I think that's the one that, That one I think has pictures in it. Yeah. It's pretty easy. It's, it's like a ihop Lemme pull this up. What? This I have it on my phone. I, my phone. It's a, a picture Of pancake, so that way on off days I can do it. You gotta get a newspaper in Detroit. No, it's USA today. There's No, there's no pictures. Yeah. No, there's pictures. Oh, we're looking at it right now. This is Not pictures. What is this? And it's a picture of Snoopy. Yeah. Look, this Is USA today. It's like this color. It, it's three, three letter words, guys.


Dunno what you guys, three letter word For cake. We need to print it out. And I wanna see how far You guys can get. You're literally just coloring a Cheesecake Factory menu every day. Yeah. And being like, wow, Jake Rogers, I need your help. We gotta get a, a newspaper in Detroit on, on game like days that you're starting to make the world's easiest crossword puzzle. Oh. And put it out. Just, just so that you can get in and get out. Do you do it just on days that you're starting? Or do you do it every Day? I try to do it every day. Sometimes schedule dictates if I can do it before my day starts versus after my day starts. But I usually try to carve out, you know, 20 or 30 minutes to do it. But that's, you know, sometimes if I can't get it in 20 minutes, I'm, I mean, you're pissed off too. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, this isn't even worth it anymore. But Probably sharpens your mind. Probably kind of wakes you up a little.


I don't, I don't, you'd think I'd have a sharper mind coming, But I don't think that there's much positive stuff. I was trying to give you a compli Yeah. Going on For me. You should actually. Alright, so let's talk about the contract. Maybe start doing the LA crossword and then throw that in that big Boris binder being like, this guy's actually the smartest pitcher that's ever been created. No, look at how many times he's done the crossword puzzle. I I, we could get four guys that do the crossword every day, the USA today one, And we could all sit on a table and try to do the LA one And we won't get it. Okay. Okay. So what you're saying is the bright lights of LA and New York are too bright For you, are too big for me. No doubt. Okay. You're More Yeah, that's, that's exactly what that Was. Yeah. Okay. 10 years, 4 25.


That sounds good, doesn't It? That sounds good. That sounds good. I feel like if you get anything over that, you should probably kick a little piece to us. If, if you guys are have any Sort of Yeah, we'll tweet about when you, when your contract's up. Like we'll tweet about you nonstop being like, this guy, we could just say he he needs 12, 700. Yeah. We could we anchor the negotiation there. Yeah, We could, we could, we could negotiate some stuff. You'd have to talk to Boris about it. But Let's be honest, what we can do is after every single good pitch you throw, after every single quality start you have, we will get, we'll be your propaganda department and just raise awareness of how incredible the season that you're having truly is. And then I think that would be huge. You already said 10 years for, 40 For 25.


4 25 would make you happy. Feels good. So anything beyond that, it's, you're just being greedy. So Yeah. You're so You can, you gotta give it back to us. It's all expendable. That you can cut to part of My take. Well if, if I get above 4 25, then you guys can have the Yeah. Okay. Deal. That's fair Deal. That sounds Sounds really good. I think we need to go to Boris's office and just like sit down with him and be like, listen Scott, we've taken a shit in your office somewhere And we didn't flush. We're not gonna tell you until you next Time. Upper deck. I'll, I Will deck, I'll upper deck him if he doesn't cut me in that. That's, there are multiple shits in your office right now. None of them didn flush. Yeah. If you want, if, if you want us to leave, get us in on this deal. Yeah. So back to your complete game. It's been a story this year. You haven't, you've been pulled a bunch before. A hundred pitches.


You did. I should, I did a bad job of saying the complete game. It was, it was technically a Maddox, which is one of the coolest things when you pitch a complete game under a hundred pitches. I think that's like the height of efficiency maybe cooler than a no hitter. Just gonna throw that out there. So you did it under a hundred pi? No, no. I mean no hit. Everyone throws a no hitter. No, no. That's Not true. There's so many no hitters. There's yes, there Are there, there was a no hitter in the World Series. A couple years agot. Remember that? There's hitters Nonstop. Like, wasn't that Roy Holiday? It was a max. You remember that game? Yeah. Max, who threw the no hitters in The World Series? Wasn't there no hitter in the World Series a few years ago? I think Roy Holiday did it. It in the postseason Game. That was insane. It was the But this was, I forget who was playing Your mic's not on Max knows that Didn't count.


No. Well, did did you get any hits? The Phillies Get any That didn't count. That didn't count. Did the Phillies get a hit combined? No. Hitters do Not count. Does it combine? No hitter count. Those aren't as cool as doing it itself. Yeah, That's fine. But it's, It's no hitter. Right. But he ask Max a don't simple question. Yeah. Did the Philly ask Max if the Phillies got any hits in the game? The Phillies got no hit in a World Series Game. It was, it didn't count Combined. No. Hitters don't count. It didn't count. Yeah. Ahead. You just said combined. No hitters don't count. He's saying combine. No hitters don't count. But ask him again. Did they, did they get a hit in the game? When was this In the World Series? What year? What year was it Max? It was the year against the Astros.


I don't know. The Astros. Yeah. Let's Yeah. Remember that had no hits in the game. Well That's be, that's because it was a combined no hitter. And no one cares about combined No hitters. Yeah. Combined. No hitters aren't as cool. Yeah. But still, if you said, did they get a hit? This is like A perfect example of why it doesn't count. But is It a no hitter? Doesn't remember It's a no hitter. Yeah. I mean, I guess it's a no hitter, but 'cause he got, they got no hits. No. Yeah. I mean, you're right. But Right. It's Pretty simple. It's not as cool as a starter doing it Himself. That's fine. We never di we never disagreed with that. Yeah. But The fact is no hits Max Cole's at a zero hitter, which is just insane levels of cope. Yeah. Alright. So I think that makes sense. Either way. The Maddox was awesome. So did you talk to AJ Hinch after, when you pitched your complete game?


Did he say like, Hey, if you had gone over a hundred, we would've had to pull you? No, I I mean, sometimes when you walk, when you're walking off and his thing's the handshake. Right. And when you get the handshake, you're done. What if, have you ever just not done? Like what if you just don't shake his hand? I've never done that. You should Try that. Well, it, because then he can't pull you. It's, It doesn't really go over Well, I've shook his hand and then argued it a little bit. And then don't try not Straight to the Tunnel hands. Well, that's straight to the tunnel. And then you, you hash it out down there. Right. Give him a little of this next time, because Yeah. It's not the GOAT over. Well, He makes a good point though, because if you do the handshake, that's sealing the deal. Yeah. He's, that's how like, there's no conversation after the handshake. You're agreeing with a man, you're giving him your word, but if you don't shake the hand, then no agreement has been made.


And it's all up for negotiation. Yeah. I, I probably won't. He's got, he's, he's so smart. AJ's, I mean, he's the best manager in the game. So wherever he wants to take the game or whatever he wants to do, the matchups that he wants to create from the bullpen coming in, I'm never gonna doubt that. Like I'm nev I'm, I'm never gonna doubt that. And during that game where it was a complete game, I didn't think I gave him a reason to take me out of the game. And most times you can give him a reason to take, like, if you watch the last couple innings, maybe you're spraying a little bit, you're not getting as much weak contact. It's getting a little loud. Okay, we're going to the bullpen. Right. So he's very smart about that. And he does a ton of research. You know, you walk by his office, he's got his laptop up, and if you just walk into, just talk about whatever, he'll be going over matchups of, of pockets he wants to create for relievers that come in to face this certain part of the lineup.


And then they're gonna pinch it for these guys. And then I, I want actually want this guy to get the pinch hit for, it's like, it's insane. He's really good at his job. So He's thinking plays ahead. No Doubt. No doubt. It feels like we're always, it feels like every move that is made during the game, pinch hit, bullpen, move, whatever happens. It feels like it's always in our advantage, which I love. Yeah. And at the end of the day, I'm trying to win. So if he's giving me the handshake, it's like one, I probably gave him a reason to take me outta the game. Maybe I'm walking guys or my velocity's starting to decline, or it's getting a little loud. You know, maybe the quality of contact. It went from being, you know, pretty low exit v lows to now they're getting to the hundreds or 104 and there's maybe a play at the, at the fence.


And, and he always protects his guys too. He always protects his starters. He doesn't ever want to start, like if his starter's pitching really well, he doesn't ever want the starter to kind of pitch himself into a loss after a really good day just because it puts a sour taste in your mouth. So I trust him a ton in that. But going back to the complete game thing, they hadn't hit the ball really hard at all. I felt like I was in complete control of the game. I had 11 strikeouts at the time. At through eight I was at 80 something pitches. I knew who was coming up in the lineup. I think Jose Ramirez was, I had just, or he had just like hit one 109 to left field single. And I'm like, thank God, great, great at bat for me. Like he's one of the best hitters ever.


And I knew I was kind of in control of the game. So if there was gonna be a handshake there, I that would've been the, maybe one of the few times I would've strongly disagreed with it. But Don't give him the handshake. Yeah. But there, I don't think there was a doubt in, in anybody's mind. I didn't, it didn't even cross my mind that I was coming out of the game. I kind of knew I was at least the GOAT out there. And then I didn't, there at no point was there ever a reliever warming up. Yeah. So I knew I was in control of that game. I I got a really dumb question. I don't know why. This is the first time in 40 years of my life that I've had this pop in my head. But you're a leftie. Is it weird shaking hands with your right hand? No. No. Okay. Yeah. That's dumb question. We've beaten you into Submission. Tough Question. Yeah. Yeah. It's just kind of Yeah.


You just, we just have forced all of you lefties to do This. That's, that's society. Yeah. You just kinda, it's always right hand. If I were to walk up to you today and been like, I like what the hell is do, I would think, I would think you're injured or something with your right hand. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. I go home. It's Just, you know, the biggest thing being left-handed is growing up the scissors are for right-handed people to cut scissors. Yeah. And they don't fit the same for lefties. Like, they're not like ambidextrous Scissors. My son's a lefty, so he's gonna have to Buy 'em lefthanded scissors. Seriously. He'll, thank you for That. Okay, wait, let, lemme try a left-handed handshake With you. Hold. It's gonna, it's gonna mess you up. Okay. You could stay sed it's gonna mess you up bad. I don't wanna fuck This up. If s scuba shakes my hand, then he's gonna give us 10% of his new contract.


Oh, you hate that. It's A deal. That's good. That's deal. That's a deal. You hate that. Oh, that is weird. Or Left-handed handshake's enforceable in court. Yes. I don't know. That might be one of things. I Think they're more enforceable. Yeah. Because you had to go outta Here's sound mind and body. Like no one would ever do this with their left hand. It's not an auto pen that's a left-handed. Yeah. Like I have intent behind this right now. I got a question about, you had a very funny interaction with Alex Bregman earlier this year where he was, he was beating you up. Someone In here Loved it. Yeah. Right there. Hank loved it. He he was beating you up this year. I think he had three hits off you and you just told him in between innings take the first pitch. Oh yeah. And he actually did. Yeah. So, and then he got a hit. Yeah. So he went first pitch 1 0 7 to the center fueler.


It may have been a double or something, a single. And I was like, oh, okay. Swing at the first pitch. That's nothing new to me. Everybody swings at the first pitch. So he does it second pitch Homer. And I get back in the dugout and like, I, I have fun when I'm playing, you know, you're competing. But like, I also enjoy just the game. And I like Bregman. I like the way he plays the game. I, I love everything about him. He's a, he's a grinder. I've heard great things in the clubhouse about him. And so I, I go down to the, the other side of the dugout and I'm like, Hey, take one. Can you please take one? You're next at bat. And then he steps in the box for his third at bat and I kind of give him the hands like, Hey, just take one. Yeah. And I threw a strike and he took it and I go, I started laughing because he did it. Yeah.


And then the next pitch single, I'm like, well, I go and then he gets the first I go, maybe take two next time I don't. Yeah, right, right. Can you just take, maybe I'll just walk you, how about that? Do you think you maybe I, I I actually talked to Reman about this. 'cause I wanted to get like, figure out what you were throwing. He said that the splitter, that was what? That's what he can hit off you so splitter. Yeah. I don't even throw Or what Is it? What? No shit. Maybe it wasn't the splitter. What'd he say? Hank fuck. Well that, yeah. I mean, if he said Mad screw, what'd you throw? What'd you throw there? It wasn't the four seam. It Was two Sinker. Maybe it was sinker. Yeah. Said he hit one off the wall in the Playoffs last year off you. And he, he feels like that gave him a little confidence. So. Well if you watch the rest of that game, I don't think there was.


There you go. You should, there you go. You Should not have said that. You don't throw a splitter because now everybody's gonna be like, oh, Well I used To throw a Splitter. I used to throw a splitter and it was horrible. So I had to stop throwing it. Maybe just, I would've been sent back to Toledo if I kept throwing that bitch. Just tell people that you're bringing it back. Then they'll, that's one more pitch they gotta look for. Yeah. I got it in my back pocket then. Yeah, you do. Yeah. Yeah. I throw a sweeper gyro that ball. Yeah. I'll throw an EFI Too. Have you ever thought about throwing an efi? You should do it once just for us. I've, I've, I've thought about it, but, and the reason I don't think I'll ever do it is the slim chance that it gets just Destroyed. Yeah. Fair. And I would be but Also be funny though. Fair. I would have no answer to anybody if I give up a homer on a 65 mile an hour pitch.


Cranky, I think threw one. Yeah. But cranky is weird. Yeah. He is weird. Yeah. I think he threw it a couple times. It's Just always, but it's like, that's part of his game though. Yeah. You know, the ethos is not part of my game. Have You ever thought about the gyro ball? The gyro ball? Yeah. Like slider. I don't know. The gyro ball. That's when DK came over and was like, it's a, it's a pitch that no one's ever seen. Everyone calls. Yeah. They just all call. I mean, it's the fork ball now. It's like, it's a different splitter, you know? Yeah. That's kinda what it is. But, you know, gyro now is called, those are called sliders. So that's like the gyro slider you're looking for bullet spin. That's what gyro means Is is bullet spin. Which Bullet spin. So like the ball is literally, you know, the axis is through the baseball this way and it sideways Sitting like a bullet.


Yeah. So a a right-handed gyro is gonna spin this way. A left-handed gyro is gonna spin that way. And you're basically just trying to kill vert and kill horizontal. It's gonna like, gravity is gonna pull this ball down. Yeah. In the, and the nose will get pulled down. And then, I mean, there's a whole, I could get about as nerded out about it as if you want, but we were talking To Paul Skees a a couple months ago and he still carries around a baseball with him. And he just, you know, does like different grips on it. Always trying to figure out what an new pitch that he can throw is. Or do we have a, a new pitch that's coming outta the arsenal soon? I try to throw a sweeper like once in between every start I try to get a sweeper grip that I like and Yeah. It doesn't work. I, I can't, I can't, I can't throw it.


But I, I keep trying. 'cause it's like, oh, well maybe if I put my finger here or maybe if I put this finger here. You know, you constantly are tinkering with things, but never What about, what about Knuckle ball? It's, I, I have a tough time spiking my, I don't have the most mobile fingers. Okay. And for a knuckle ball, you kind of, I can't really spike anything. Like guys will throw like, spiked curve balls where their knuckles like this. And it hurts my knuckles to like do that. I don't have very mobile fingers. I don't think so. I don't know if that'll ever come. How Many changeups do you have? One, just one, just one grip. And then counts dictate. If I want to throw it a little bit harder, a little bit slower at bats dictate that too.


But The change up is awesome. I feel like Greg Maddox, you've thrown it more. I think it's your most Thrown pitch right now. Yeah. Yeah. I think Greg Maddox had like five different kinds of changeups that he would throw. And at some point you're like, dude, it's just pick like maybe one, maybe two if you're feeling frisky. Well, yeah, I mean if you, if you want to throw changeups like that, like he did, I mean he's throwing like cut changeups on purpose. He's throwing like straight changeups. He's throwing changeups that sink. He's throwing changeups that go straight down. I mean, Hendricks kind of does this too. Yeah. Or he'll throw like cut changeups, cut change up, cut change up, and then like he throws cut changeups to righties and then later into counts he'll throw like the backdoor sinking change up and you think it's gonna cut off. So you take it and then it runs back on.


So I think you gotta have a ton of feel to do that. Yeah. You know, to, to really do that with Changeups, You were just talking about 109 mile per hour hit that you gave up a single and you're like, I'm, I was okay with that. That's fine. He's a great batter. I I can live With that one. He wasn't a homer. Do you have a, do you have a favorite hit that you've given up like in a bat that you worked really hard on? We've act, we've asked quarterbacks this like do you have a favorite interception that you've ever thrown? But do you have a favorite hit that you've given up where you feel like, okay, that was a massive win after that at bat. I mean, anytime you keep like the best players in the yard, you know, like Aaron, judge, Jose Ramirez, Tani, Mookie, Freddy. Like anytime you just give up a single to those guys, you're like, you can live with it.


Great. Great at bat. Yeah. Great at bat, you know, even if, I mean with runners in scoring position, maybe a little bit different, but like, I gave up a single to Aaron Judge I think maybe in Williamsport last year, and you hit it like 114 on the ground. And I, he got to first base and I was like, Hey, nice job man. Yeah, thank you. It wasn't a homer, so thank you. Yeah. But yeah, you try to keep, you know, really good players just if you keep 'em in the yard. And if, especially if they're not like, you know, trying to steal bags like that where they're not running a ton. It's alm it's kind of a advantage for the pitcher because, you know, you can get a ground ball and get a double play and, you know, get two outs for the price of one. Especially when those guys are so good. Yeah. What about a favorite strikeout?


Favorite strikeout? Ooh. I mean, that one to end the complete game is probably, that's pretty good. The best one. That's pretty, that's the hardest fastball I've ever thrown. There was one in that game in the seventh inning to Mando that was a sinker like down in away, kind of off to back on. And that was 102. And that one felt good outta the hand too. W was the, was you swearing walking off the field and your mom getting mad? Was that off of strikeout in the playoffs? That Was off of double play. Okay. Was on first to third double play. That was maybe the best double play. It was a big, it was a big moment, you know, and then, I mean, I don't, I don't know what happened that day. I think the, I mean the Cleveland fans were great too. I, I like going there. It's fun.


And then the playoff series was, that's like, that's playoff baseball. You Actually have a, a big time hater in this office that I think I know. I was wondering if I was gonna See him today. You'll you'll see him. Yeah. Yeah. Tate is a big guardians fan. And he, yeah. Which is, I mean, that's fine. He just writes blogs constantly. Like he had an entire campaign that Kase should have won the Cy Young last Year. Yeah. He can't keep my name out of his mouth. Yeah. And then he, that's a good thing. And then he is writing like the tiger should trade you right now. Yeah. Because you're not gonna resign. Yeah. So yeah, you'll, you'll get to meet him. Here's a question. This might be insider trading, but we're just gonna do it anyway 'cause we're, we're, we're basically part of your agent team now. I think that was clear with the, do you have like a very good friend starting pitcher on another team?


Like who's your closest friend On another team? Yeah. See I've, I've had a cool opportunity to just play on like one team my whole career. Yeah. Like no trade. I've been drafted by the Tigers. Play with the Tigers. So like on the team is is Casey my, okay. Me and him have come up together, but on another team it's probably, it's probably Matt Boyd. Okay. Yeah. I think that, so he's, he a pitcher and he can, so here's what we need to do. We need to figure out, whenever you play him, he needs to, you need to be like, Hey skip, I'm ready to bat today. And you go up, he throws you a meatball, you hit a home run.


And then when we get that big binder from Scott Boris, we're like, Derek Scobel, if you actually did the math, he would have 450 home runs if you gave him the show. Hey, you know, full treatment of it. Pats I always say, yeah, I like that. Yeah. But it's a good idea. Right. There's no chance I could hit, first off, What do you mean? I, dude, I I can't hit Go pull up the tail. We're gonna cut this part. Not with that attitude. Yeah. We're gonna cut this part. We're gonna, we gonna Lester at the end of his career, I mean, great player Right. But he was throwing 84, 86 and I thought it was like 102. Like I can't, I can't see the ball and then, shit, this is bad. I do say this though. I do say I'm the best bunner in major league history. Okay. Okay. That we can Work with that. Bryce Wilson, I faced him in Pittsburgh and I got, I went, you know, O four O got my sack bunt down.


Yep. And I have one bunt attempt Got it down. So. Alright. So that's, so any big situations, I always say I'm the best bunner in major league history, can't you? Ready? Tot can't take that away from me. I'm one for one. So never. How were you at base running? Well, I, I was out, you know, I, I sacrificed myself 'cause I'm a team guy. Yeah. Yeah. So I got my bunt down. I'm a big team guy. I ran to first base. I was out by, you know, 10 steps. Did you run out? Yeah, I run it out. So you're slow space, so you're No, I, I was pitching, so, you know, you kind of, it's a courtesy jog. But yeah, Once I, once I knew he fielded it, I was like, well the only way I'm safe is if he, you know, yips it up the line. But yeah. So I got outta the box. All right. Made him think that I maybe could be fast and then shut it down. But are Are you fast?


I wouldn't claim that I'm fast, but I'm not, I don't think I'm slow either. You shouldn't, I mean, you're a Hoss Hoes can't be fast. Yeah. You like, if you wanted to be fast, you'd have to give up pauses. I'd rather be a hos than Fast. No doubt. No doubt. But I'm not slow. I don't think I'm slow. Yeah. I think I can run. I, I don't think I could run the bases, but I think like, It Takes me a little bit to get going. We're Slowly, it takes me a little bit to get going, but once I get to my, you know, my stride kind of opens up. I think I run decent. You Run for power. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. Yeah. I'm not built for the a hundred meter dash, but I'm not built for the 400 or the 1600 or any of those other ones. But maybe like a 250 meter maybe. Yeah. And you only counted from 75 to the, the rest of the race and the finish.


Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. How fun is Javi Bias's best? I'm, I'm pumped. The best pumped for JI love Javi forever. Him having kind of a resurgence this year and also like playing center field. Has that, like your defense obviously very important. Like Yeah. Is Javi just a guy? He seems like a very fun guy in the locker room. Yeah. I love him. I love him. He's always taking care of us, you know, no matter what the results are on the field. He's the same guy in the clubhouse and he's taken care of us ever since he came over. You know, he was the first. I mean, he is, he's great too. But you know what goes under, you know, overlooked, not under overlooked was he's playing center field for Parker when Parker gets hurt, right. In spring training, Parker comes back.


He plays his first game at shortstop last night for the first time. It felt like in, I don't know, when was the last time he played shortstop. And he makes an insane play up the middle to save two runs. You know, one run scores, but he picks the ball, throws it from his, his knees, we get an out and then we get the next out. So he saves two runs in that aspect too. And that's like such an underappreciated aspect of his game is he'll go from center to third to to short to second. We move him all around and he doesn't complain about anything. You know, he just wants to play baseball and, and I love that about him. Yeah. Back in 2016 when we started this podcast, Big Cat took me to a Cubs game and he was like, watch Javi Baez. Watch how he tags. Yeah. It's unbelievable. And I was like, this guy's the best tagger in the history of major league baseball. I didn't know that was a skill, but it's Tags and slides.


Oh, tagging no tagging's. Like a legit thing. Yeah. Yeah. Like if you're really good at tagging guys out, it makes a huge difference. Yeah. For your catcher for games. Like, he's so good at that. Yeah. And he and his slides are also like, he'll, you know, over a course of a, of a, you know, there's some times where Javi will have some weird things happen on the base path, but he will have like, you know, I would say call it once a month where it's like that slide, there's no one else can make that slide. Yeah. He looks and finds Away. He looks really cool when he slides. Really cool. Yes, he does. Like, he looks, when he slide, like he slid in the home. There wasn't even a play at the plate, but he slid it The home yesterday. Well it wasn't, I mean it kind of was the, the throw was like, you know, 15 feet up the line. There were, there wasn't a play at the plate, but he slid and just like, as he slid and just kind of smacks his hand on home and I'm like, dude, you're really cool.


Yeah. Yeah. I think him and and Trey Turner have the best slides in in baseball. Yeah. Trey. Yeah, Trey. I mean he just, like, he does, there's no, he just like glides on the ground. He glides then stands up in one motion. It's like a Michael Jackson music video. It's, Yeah. I don't know how he does that. It's crazy. And also I love Javi's tattoo. The MLB tattoo. Yeah. That sweet. Have you thought about getting an MLB tattoo maybe on your neck, like the front of your neck? It would show that Loved the game. It never crossed my mind. Something crossed my Mind. This might be something we could, it Looks great on him. Yeah. I don't know if it looked good on me. Yeah. I I I went to a Cubs game on Saturday and they employed an interesting strategy with their starting pitcher. So they had their starter for a one inning and then they brought in Ben Brown, the other guy. Ben Brown. Yeah, yeah. Ben Brown, who historically doesn't pitch that well in the first innings.


Then he pitches after that. Do you think that that baseball managers are ever gonna get into a phase where they have, you know, some of their best pitchers pitching every single or as as much as possible? What do you mean? Like, like that's like an opener situation, right? Yeah. An opener. But like if, if you're the best pitcher by Far the team, you're not having an opener, You're not gonna have an opener. But wouldn't it be nice to have you go out there every single game for a few innings? He's saying like, if you, like you're off day throwing when you're ramping it up, like instead of off day throwing in the bullpen, you just are an opener one day. I don't know. I mean, I would love to Right? Like I have a bullpen today at the field. I would love to just throw it in the game. Opener. Yeah. Opener. That's like college ball.


Yeah. You know, where it's like, oh, you're, you're starting Friday. Okay, well if we're winning on Tuesday, well this is small call. A mid-major guy was where I went to school. But if we were like playing UDub or something on a Tuesday, our coach would be like, Hey, don't throw your bullpen today yet. If we're winning in the eighth inning, you're gonna throw it in the ninth. And I'm like, well that's not really a bullpen. That's, this is the game. Yeah. High leverage. Yeah. This is like, I'm letting it rip. Yeah. But yeah, it's, I don't think that'll ever happen just with like arm injuries and the risk of, of all that stuff. But I get your point. I think it would be fun to throw a lot, but then you're just a reliever. And I'm pretty sure everyone wants to be the starting pitcher. Everybody does want to be the starter. Yeah.


But you, you're right. I think if there was one injury that happened, then whoever that manager was, you're staking your career on that decision if you've got your best guy going Out there. Yeah. And like I, I think historically, you know, you see it in the postseason where guys will jump back on short rest or whatever. I think, I mean I'd be curious to see the numbers, but I don't think it's like as good as you'd think. Like you want your best pitcher out there, but you want your best pitcher out there on five days rest. Yeah. But on four days rest or three days rest, like I think the numbers would probably say that your best pitcher doesn't, isn't your best pitcher on three days rest. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Can I think the numbers kind of back that too. But everyone wants, you know, like the Bumgarner thing in the World series where it's like this guy threw one three, you know, seven like all these games.


Right. I mean he's one of the be he's probably the best postseason pitcher of all time. Maybe if you looked at the numbers. But like that is such a rare case. 'cause there's also guys that have bounced back on short rest that haven't been very good. So Can you feel a difference in your arm? Like what's the difference between four days rest and five days rest? Just waking up in the morning? It's a big difference. It's a big difference. Just having that extra day, you know, I think it even from five days to six days, you know, seven days I think is always too much. Like if you're throwing once a week, I think you almost feel too good. So you don't wanna feel that because then you're armed. Yeah. You just don't even know where the ball's coming out. Yeah. But for even from five to six is a difference. You know, I think in just the stuff that comes outta your hand. And then if you go backwards the other way, like last year, my last start was, you know, before the Allstar break was whatever, and then the, the game was on four days rest and I was trying to, I mean I'm pitching my first Allstar game, I'm thinking it's gonna come out hot.


My first heater was like 94 7 and I'm like, what the hell? I don't throw 94 and yeah, I just didn't have much with me that day. Yeah, that game was a little bit unique too. Like nothing matters, so your adrenaline doesn't flow the same, you know, you're like, I don't care if I get rocked or if I, you know, this game doesn't really matter. I mean, there's a little bit of incentive, but, so maybe that's why the adrenaline was suppressed. But even then, I think I would've fed off the crowd a little bit better and I was letting it rip and it was like 95 and I'm like, oh, this isn't, this isn't normal for me. Yeah. When does the adrenaline start to, like, when can you feel it? Like, where it's like game day? Is it 20 minutes before? Is it right before, because that's gotta be like the best drug to be like, holy shit, I'm just ready to go.


Yeah. Yeah. It's insane. You get addicted to it. Yeah, too. Like you get addicted to it. It's probably, you know, on days I go on, on days I'm pitching, I'm pretty, you know, relaxed and I like to enjoy it and have fun. And then once I start my routine and I've had, you know, coffee probably my, you know, I drink three shots of espresso like three hours before the game. That's kind of my dosage to where I know I'm awake, you know, for the game. And then I'm ready to go probably an hour and 15 minutes before the game. That's kind of when I'm like, okay. And you start to feel it. You get the nerves, you're, you not, you don't get like shaky, but you get like, you're ready to go. And then you get out there and you start playing catch, and then it starts to kind of like go down and then you hear the anthem.


And then that's, for me, once I hear the anthem, then it's like, okay, okay, it's, it's ready to go. My next four or five pitches in the bullpen, or I, you know, I do a batter and whether I walk and I don't really care what happens, but I just like go through some sequencing and then, you know, once you throw that last pitch, you know you're ready to go. Did you have to tinker with that caffeine regimen? Was there a time when you, you were like, I'm gonna try Five, six shots? Yeah. I didn't drink caffeine until 23. I didn't ever really have caffeine. That's crazy. And then it's like one of the best drugs for performance enhancing, like, to make you better, there's a lot of research about it, you know, to make you like your, your brain stimulus, all that stuff better.


And yeah, I didn't start drinking caffeine until I went on rehab assignment, and I started tinkering it with it on days I pitched and I figured four's too much three hours before the game, but three is good, and two's not enough. So it's always like three, I'm just gonna slap A Ella Blue logo on that entire speech right there. Yeah. Four's too much, not enough. Three is kind of perfect for me. And That's, it's like Martinez. Oh. And now I'm like, now I'm addicted to coffee. That's how we're gonna do it. We're gonna do it. I'm gonna get like paid Instagram ads of school saying all that stuff. And we're gonna ca we're gonna, we're gonna basically reel in Boris where he's gonna try to sue me and I'll be like, Hey, listen buddy, let's talk. Now that we're at the table together, Let's talk some, I need to get some, some, I need to get some beans.


Yeah. I'll, I'll give you some on the way out and, and I'll send you some. Alright. I got a couple last questions. First is, I need you to address something. I, I was looking at your name on Twitter and just seeing what the buzz is. And I found this one. This is from at Detroit verse everyone 29. He said, Hey Tigers, I'd love to watch my favorite team play with my kids, but I won't let them watch when Te Kubel starts because his pants are too tight. Can this be addressed? That's a bad take. That's a bad take. You do wear tight pants. I like that. Do you think that you're, maybe you're too tight for the kids? I don't think so. Okay. I made that tweet up by the way. I like tight pants. I like my pants tied. I don't like, I've never been like a baggy pant guy.


I mean, I'm wearing joggers right now and this is kind of how I like my pants to fit. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I won't let my, my son Chris, watch you pitch anymore after you told the, the guardians to shut the fuck up. Mm. That Was bad. Your mom was right about that. Yeah, she was. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But I was impressed this season you apologized for pimping a strikeout, Which, which, what are You talking about? Wasn't that against Netto? Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That was, there was some stuff going on there and you know, you kind of handle it on the line. I'm never gonna hit anybody for anything. Like, I just don't think that's in the game anymore. And yeah, there was some stuff and I just didn't want, I didn't want retaliation against our guys too, you know, for me acting like that on the mound fair, you know, so that was kind of like, Hey, I'm, the moment happened, we're all good.


You know, I don't need anybody getting hit on our side either. So great teammate, great teammate. That was kind of the, yeah. Great teammate. Saves lives at day, Self-proclaimed great teammate. Those are the best guys. Everyone knows that great teammate. But yeah, I think that that was, that moment was, you know, I think, I mean, he's a great player too. He is. He's, he is doing a hell of a job this year, but yeah. Yeah. You kind of Other Twitter's question s scuba is God, you actually responded to him. That's the guy who gave me, the kid who gave me the envelope saying Detroit John or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So have, have you, we gotta get him out to a game. He loves you so much. Yeah. And he, he sent you a bunch of, he sent you a DM and I think you responded to it a couple months later being like, yeah, we're friends now.


Very cool story. It's like, you don't have to do that. You're the Cy Young winner and you're responding to a random guy on Twitter. I love That. Well, I said I would. Yeah. I said I would to you guys. And I, he's messaged me a couple different times and I've kind of got back to him a couple times, but I haven't gone over the whole ticket situation. Okay. We gotta get into a game. Yeah, let's get him out there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Why not? Because he's your number one. I mean, the fact that you gave me that envelope is still, it will go down as one of the best bets I've ever made. Just 'cause of the Story behind it. Yeah. You know? That is cool. Yeah. That is Unique. Yeah.


Alright, last question. Rollback question RHOB k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com. Promo code. Take, this isn't even a question, this is just, Hank has a story he wants to tell you because Hank's a huge fan of yours.


We're all huge fans of yours. You are a Haas, but Hank, he told us this story a couple days ago. Go ahead, Hank. Yeah. Huge fan. Obviously I was a lefty pitcher, threw a little bit slower, but Same, same Love, love watching you play. And I was in Grand Rapids, Michigan last weekend. I was in an absolute dive bar, I think it's called Anchor Bar, carpeted Floors, dim Lights, the TVs were the size of this TV that's above us, like just tiny little monitors. It was like midnight 1:00 AM and they just had Tarek s Scbu highlights on a loop. I was like that That's what you want in a, in a hometown bar. Yeah. And that's what Grand Rapids is. City. Sneaky a really cool city, by The way. Yeah. That's where I had a great Time.


Hi. A team is Yeah, that's where West Michigan White caps are. And I, I played there for a little bit. I I loved it there. I think that's our best city for any affiliate we have in the minor leagues. Yeah, it was, it was awesome. And that's a great sign of like, you know, you're the the the city loves you. Yeah. The Love. They're Just, they're just, we're just gonna throw on like, what should we put on this tv? Like just throw on scuba highlights. Yeah. Just have it, Yeah. It's a 15 minute YouTube. Just have it play all night. You know how nasty You have to be as a pitcher to have like a, a long highlight mix that people wanna watch at a bar while they're drunk. Yeah. You have to be really fucking good for That. That's awesome. Yeah. An anchor bar. Yeah. I got some buddies at 11 in Grand Rapids. I'll have 'em go check it out. Yeah. Yeah. That's great bar. Yeah. What do you, what do you plan on doing against the Cubs on Friday?


It's tearing 'em apart. I mean, ideally, Yes. Got some lefties. Yeah. So how, wait, you said earlier you hardly ever pitch against lefties. Is that an anomaly for your division? Well, it's just no one likes the left on left matchup. Not really. And so you're not Used to, To it. If they can stack a bunch of righties, they will. And then the lefties you get are dogs, you know, like Kyle Tucker Schwarber, Harper Tani, like, you're getting those lefties that are like superstars that are in there. Nor Alvarez Didn't say pca. That's bulletin board material. A dog. You pca. He's the GOAT yard on you. He says a kitty cat.


No, but I mean, they're a good team. It'll be a fun, you know, it'll be a fun weekend and you know, our crowd, I think we've already, I've seen some stuff about how it's gonna be a sellout pretty much all three games. So Yeah, it'll be fun. It'll be fun. And you know, you look forward to throwing at home in, in front of your own crowd and going out there and competing. It'll be, it'll be a good game for sure. Yeah. Well, who's starting On Friday? I don't know. I mean, our, our, we might have an opener again. Let's see. Not boyea Ion pitched on Sunday, so maybe that'll line him out. Yeah, yeah. Or or Ben Brown if they did the opener heat pitch on Saturday. So, okay. Wait, max, we're also gonna run this the next week, so everyone's Okay. How, how'd go? What's going on? How'd that game go? Yeah, the game go is we're gonna run this on like Wednesday next.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I went, I went seven shut. Yeah, that's what happened. Oh seven shut. I love it. Max, have you been doing the crossword in there or is that memes? That would've, that would be Henry. So, no, wait, Hank Was able doing so entire fucking disrespectful. I'm like, that's actually the most disrespectful thing. Terrence, this is bad for you. That Hank's doing this. Hank didn't go to college. We bar school's an answer. Yeah. That's why Hank got it. The question is, I Gotta stop looking because it's What company do you work for? No, It was Seeing the pub. I didn I was, I was just like, you know, we pulled it up And we were talking about it. Is that I'm actually pretty proud of my progress. I don't Wanna look, you can't look at that. Is that today's, is that today's Today. Okay. Yeah. Don't look, you just can't give him one clue.


Give him one clue that you haven't gotten Yet. It Jerry O'Connell's obsessed with Tiffany Goma's feet and he calls him this Well child's word. I never get that. Yeah, give him which one across. You guys haven't gotten one across here? No. Do One across Vicinity. Close. How many letters? Four area, probably. Ooh, That's what I Would guess. This is bad though. If Hank can do this crossword, you might have to go to New York Times or la Oh yeah, there We go. All right, now you go one down. What's one down, One down starts With a C. Permission Ask. Yep. There we go. Two down Starts with an R, two Down R Insecure actress Issa Ray. Yeah, I don't know, I don't know who that is.


Issa Ray. Oh, you got it. Oh, Three down starts with an e Lamb's mother. U-E-W-E-I Spell that. EWE. Yep. Nope. Four down. Not you. Dude. What's four down Starts with a Starts with a characteristic Attribute. How many letters? No, It's, It ends with CT And it's, well, as long as you got that. Oh, aspect Characteristic. Yeah. Maybe try to get two across or three across. No, we got Aspect. That's right. Okay. Five Down Bad. It's a 2021 Ed Shere song. She, I don't think that's how you say his name.


Yeah, I dunno. That one. I just love that. Hank, you said EWE and Hank put e, EUE and he goes, Nope. Oh. All right Terry. You're the man. Keep, keep crushing it. And we're big fans and let us know when you need us to negotiate. We're ready to go. All right. A year and a year and some change. A year and a half. Just put us in, put the ball in our hand. I appreciate It. Yeah, thank you guys.


Terrick Scuba was brought to you by Brex. This whole episode is actually brought to you by Brex. Every company is looking to get more from their dollars. These days. We can meet Brex, the modern finance platform that helps companies do just that with a corporate card, banking expenses, and travel all in one place. Brex ensures that the best companies from the fastest growing AI startups to global enterprises can spend smarter and move faster. This has earned them the trust of 30,000 companies, including us here at Barstow Sports. We're a proud Brex user here. Brex makes everything easy. The corporate card, the banking, all the travel, they can be a big pain in the butt to deal with. For us, we use Brex. You can learn more at brex.com/grow. They make it easy. brex.com/grow to learn more.


Tarek was also brought to you by our great friends at NASCAR. The Omo Armo Rodriguez is the crown jewel of the NASCAR Mexico series. Tight corners and fast straits push drivers to their limits with door-to-door battles, all race long, anything can happen in Mexico City where bold moves and dramatic finishes are part of the show. The fan experience is electric. They've got passionate crowds, nonstop energy, and a celebration of motorsports. Culture. Tickets are going fast, so lock yours in now at NASCAR dot com. Don't miss the excitement, feel the adrenaline in Mexico City. Watch the NASCAR Cup series in Mexico City, live on prime June 15th at 3:00 PM Eastern for edge of your seat racing action.


And now here he is, the goat of the chess world, Magnus Carlsen. And now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very, very, very special guest, first ever grandma chess player on the show. I believe so. It is Magnus Carlsen, the greatest chess player of all time. And I'll start with that. Magnus, am I allowed to say you're the greatest chess player of all time? Or can we are? Is it the goat debate is settled. You are the goat. I'm not sure I'm the right person to, to ask really, but I don't mind.


That's that's completely fine by me. Okay. I am the right person to ask. So I'll just say you are the goat, undisputed goat. Who else would be in that conversation? Well, there's, Gary Kasparov has a very good, good case, I think. And then there's Fisher as well who Bobby Fisher kind of had, I would say, the highest peak in terms of the difference between him, between him and his com competitors, at least in recent times. The problem with Fisher is that he kind of stopped playing right after he became World Champion. He had like that three year peak from, from 70 to to 72. So it's, it's, it's hard to say, but feel like I'm, I'm getting there.


So, Okay. Let, let, That's all I can ask for. Let, let's make the case for you because that is what we, we, we wanna come out of this interview being like, Magnus is our goat, we'll fight anyone who, who goes after him. The case I would make for you is, so you have been world number one for what, 14, 15 years? Is that correct? Yeah, I think continuously now since, since 2011. Love that. 15 years. You also are playing in the most difficult era of chess. I would assume you can correct me because the computer assist, the computer analysis has gotten so smart that I think I heard a quote that you said in the past, you know, 20 years ago to learn an opening in chess would take you a month.


Now people are able to learn it in five hours because they have the computers helping them. So I would say that you're playing in the most difficult era because people are able to get up to a top level faster than they were 20, 30 years ago. I agree to, to some extent that it's kind of harder to set yourself apart. The, these days preparation has kind of become less important because everybody kind of agrees these days that the engines sort of know everything and your phone can pretty much come up with the same result as somebody could come up with, with days and days of, of research.


So yeah, that part has become a lot easier. As you said, it's so much easier to attain information and to get to a certain level. So I think, I think, yeah, in, in many ways it's, it's harder to set yourself apart in, in these days. And honestly, if you're talking about normal chest as well, the best openings are kind of unplayable these days. And if you look at just Gary's area, he was way ahead of his competitors when it came to opening analysis and he would win a lot of games purely based, based on that. And you just, you just cannot really do that anymore. Go Confirm.


Gary was playing against plumbers. Yeah, It was a different era. And also I think more people are playing these days, right? He was playing against plumbers, he was playing against construction workers. Yeah. The ga the rules have changed too. It's harder to succeed in this era, but when you, when you're talking about the, the opening, I'm always interested to hear chess players talk about it, because the opening for me would be like, if I learned four moves, it's like, okay, I know this opening, at what point does the opening stop and, and the middle of the game commence? Yeah. The, the openings are very diff different of course, because the openings that we play, the openings that we're worried about are not necessarily at the, the same as that we would be on amateur level.


Right. On most recreational level, people learn like a certain setup and they don't necessarily want to play the most sterile lines where you're just going for, for a draw with the, with with the black pieces. I would say I, I would say the, the opening these days ends often ends a little bit earlier than it and it, than it used to because we're going out of kind of the charged, most charged territory a bit earlier. So I would say these days, maybe on after 12, 13 moves on average, we can, we can say that, yeah, the opening is over and the middle game starts.


I will say though, that this is one of the reasons why I've been pushing, I've been pushing to play a different form of, of chess, call it fish random or freestyle or, or whatever, where you actually sort of eliminate the opening completely and start, and start from the, the middle game. But yeah, we'll see what the, what the future holds on that. So That, that style of chess, that's where you randomize the back row, right? Yeah. You've randomized the back row. There are a couple of rules, like the king has to be in between the rocks, so you can castle on both sides. And the bishops still are an opposite colors, but it, the idea is basically that you use the same skillset that you're, that you have in, in chest to a, to a large degree, but it, it's supposed to be kind of harder to mask your weaknesses because you, you cannot like count on a certain amount of setups that you use because it's, it's more, it's more complicated than than that if the, the major pieces start on on different, different squares.


But for now, that is more of a game for, for professionals than, than than amateurs really. Because for at most levels, like I I I, when people ask for advice for openings and so on, I said like, play whatever, play play whatever you want. Right? And anything, anything works as long as you've as, as long as it suits you and you got practice there. Yeah. What, What, what a little bit about your, your history. At what age were you like, I I can do this. I am I have a mind for this that is different than everyone else. Was there an aha moment and when did you start playing chess?


I've never looked at myself that way that I, that I am necessarily that much different. Like, I've understood at some point that yes, I can understand the game better than others, but I, I don't really know why. I don't feel like I'm, like, I've necessarily got a better mind, better memory and, and so on. So I started relatively late in chess terms, I would say I played my first tournament when I was eight and a half. And at that point I, I would say I'd, I had had roughly half a year of quite significant chess training on, on my own.


And I would say, so I played in Norwegian championship under 11. I finished in middle of the field, which, you know, I didn't have any expectations. I thought that was, that was good. And then the next year I won it and I thought, well, I've now beaten a lot of the kids that started a few years earlier than I did who are a couple of years older. And I've sort of gotten there in one year. Then I started thinking, well, maybe I, at least, at least I was doing it a different way than the others. Like, you know, how we go to, to soccer practice or whatever other ever other sport you're doing.


Like most kids, if they do that, they do it once or twice a week, and then maybe you have a match at the weekends or something. And this is what kids would do with chess as well. There were very often this kids' tournaments in the Oslo area. I wasn't doing that. I was studying on my own a lot. Apart from that, like I was, I wasn't merely playing chess. Like I was already living chess to a large degree back, back then. And so it was, in that sense, it wasn't a surprise that I surprised the others, but that's when I felt like, yeah, I could actually be quite good at this. And, And what was the moment, what, how old were you when the world started noticing like, oh man, this guy, what, what, when did you go world number one?


Were you still a teenager? The first time I was, world number one was only for, it was for about a week, but that was late 2008, so it was a little before my 18th birthday. Okay. And that was pretty cool. Like, that was about nine years after I played my first tournament. So the progress until then have been, have been pretty good. Yeah. That's Insane. So yeah, you were talking about how you, how you live it, how you, it's part of your life more so than it is like an activity or, or recreation when you're playing. Do you, do you get the same joy out of winning as you used to?


Or is it more about the process for you? Unfortunately, the, like the sad thing about chess as in life is that negative feelings are kind of, they're enhanced a bit. So like a really painful loss as people I may have seen from my last tournament. Like it hits a lot harder. You hate losing. Yeah. It hits a lot harder than, than the wins. So I'll have like, I'll be very satisfied. Often when I, when I win I may not always show it, but it, like, the reaction to losing is unfortunately stronger still.


But I saw how you lost and I said that I like that because you show me a good loser, I'll show you a loser. Like you're gonna get back in the lab and you're gonna be stronger. Yeah, Yeah. But I don't know, I, part of me, honestly, when I, when I had that loss recently, just felt it was so dumb and so unnecessary and it just made me feel so kind of washed and useless that my, my thought for a few days was just, I, I'm not sure, like why, why am I doing this when I, when I win, it's, it, it's good, but it's, it feels kind of normal.


And then when I lose it's just, you know, for, for a moment, the, the world's the world just falls apart. It was So funny when people were like, he, yeah, he's the bad boy of chess. I love, I love that nickname. Like, you just get mad after a loss and they're like, wow, what a bad boy. Look at this rebel. Well, you also wear jeans. Yeah, true. Yeah. The the jeans. That's a big one. Yeah. Yeah. So you are the bad boy. Are you the bad boy of chess? I don't inspire to, I, sorry, I don't aspire to be, to be a bad boy. I just, sometimes, sometimes I think I'm in a position compared to some of my, my, my peers. I'm in a position where I can afford not to take shit.


Yeah. So I think that's when, but honestly like those moments I had like banging the table. Like I, I'm generally not gonna apologize for outbursts in the moment as long as you kind of, you realize afterwards, well you show your opponent the proper respect and, and, and so on. I, I, I obviously like, I wish I could, could have avoided that by winning the game, but I honestly think that there should be room for, for that in, in in in chess as well. It, it's a little bit like smashing your racket in, in, in tennis.


Like it is such an uptight sport to begin with that I think it's okay. Yeah. Yeah. Human emotion is, is good for the game. It's growing the game. Now you, you said something there that you, you had moments afterwards where you're like, am I washed? I wanna come clean. I'm not a big chess fan. I saw two clips that week and both of them were your losses. So I was like, I think I made the comment on this podcast. I was like, all this dude does is lose. And so, and then everyone corrected me. It was like, he is literally the best chess player of all time. He's been world number one for a decade and a half, so I'm gonna come clean on that. That's on me. You're now my goat. But like what, when you lose a game, do you have those thoughts of like, Hey, chess is a young, young, young guy's game.


It's a young kid's game, you see the child prodigies. Are you worried about, you know, how much longer you can go? It has to be said though, the way that I lose it depends. That particular loss felt so bad and so unnecessary. And I guess part of it was, well this guy is, is young and he is, he's, he's the official world champion. And I know that, you know, this is gonna be a big thing. But there was another game in the last round where I was losing for parts of the game. But it was a very interesting game and I still had chances to come back. And I, in that game, I was very comfortable with the thought that I, I might lose because, you know, it's, it's, it's a good fight.


It can, it, it, it can happen. And yeah, you know, I managed to pull through, but if I lost, well that would've, that would've sucked. But it wouldn't have been, wouldn't have been the end of the world. You know, the time, the time when the kids surpassed me, it's gonna come for sure, but it's not there yet. Yeah. I love that. Wait, so you're saying it was the way you lost and also by the way, you won the tournament, you ended up winning the tournament, so like that should be Yeah, but I stated as you said, the, the cliffs that you see, I I, I said it before as well, that if people stop, stop caring when I lose, then that's not a good thing.


That's true. Facts say don't boo nobody's, that's a famous saying in American sports. Reggie Jackson. So wait, so it was how you lost that you were more mad about than losing 'cause losing happens in chess. How, how did you lose, like what did you, is it a specific tactical error that you made that you're like, how did I miss that? Or was it overthinking? Yeah, it was, it was a combination of, it was a combination of a few things. Basically I dominated that game. Most of the game I had, I was basically just juicing between the most comfortable ways to win. And then he started like digging in, really fighting back. And I, it's one of those where my time starts ticking down and I, I could feel that, you know, my blood sugar was dropping a bit as well, so that, that didn't help either.


I got short of, of time and by by the end I had completely, completely lost my mind, which is, which is why I, I, I felt so, so, so washed because I felt that that kind of thing wouldn't have happened to me five, six years ago. But I can definitely, I can accept it if, if somebody plays a great game and beats me, like that's, that, that, that, that's fine. Like, it's still gonna suck, but I'm, I'm fine with it if somebody like in that game just kind of gets outplayed with the white pieces and then I just like implodes implode in, in that way.


That was, yeah. Pretty bad. It's, it's fascinating to read about what, what chess players go through during a tournament because I feel like a lot of people that don't follow chess don't realize how, how much stress these guys are under over the course of a tournament. I read, I think it was in the New York Times that said that you, you can lose like 15 pounds over the course of a tournament just from anxiety and sweating. Do you go through that at all or are you able to, to kinda like keep a level mindset? I, I, I don't know. It depends on the tournament, but I, what I will say is that I got to where I am now, which is that my, my in-laws summer house with, with my wife.


I got here a couple of days ago and like my appetite since I've been here has just, I've just been eating nonstop. So I probably Oh Yes, I love that. Yeah. Probably had some energy to, to recover after that tournament. Can, can You get a snack if your blood sugar drops? What are the rules about that? No, you can definitely get snacks and I usually, I usually am quite good at regulating that during games and for, I mean, that particular day, I mean okay, the excuse train starts. Yeah. But that particular day I had walked to the city, which is about a 45 minute walk because a road, a lot of roads were closed because of a bike ride.


And then because of that, well also I'd be golfing earlier in the day with my coach. You gotta Golf, you gotta golf. Yeah, You gotta golf. Let me started five o'clock. So yeah, why not? Yeah. And then there, yeah, I was, everything was delayed. So I, I only had time to, to get some Chinese takeout like that was right by the playing hall. I brought it into the playing hall and started eating it during the game. So I was kind of, I was kind of fine, but my body was like a little bit more stressed than than usual. And so I felt that I needed to be a bit more vigilant. And the thing is, as I said, I'm usually very con, very conscious about those things.


If I know that I have a winning position, but it might go on for another, another half an hour I will regulate based on, on that, get an extra snack or something. But you know, sometimes when the brain just malfunctions you forget about it. Yeah. You forget about those things and then it is just a good old fashioned meltdown. It sounds Like you beat yourself And also, yeah, you gotta have a snack coach. Yeah. You gotta have a guy that's that's at your side with a suitcase filled of pretzels, ice cream that's we can learn, we can improve from this. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's my go-to. You beat yourself And we get to get you snack. I, I know, I mean, usually I have to give my opponent credit, like it doesn't come out of nowhere.


If he doesn't start fighting like a lion in a lost position, then we don't, then we don't, don't get there. Like he could have laid down, but he, he didn't. But yeah, of course I, I large, that's the game I win 98% of the time. Yeah. So I've got a It is, It is what it is. I've got a couple dumb questions for you. Are there, is there such a thing as like a fantasy chess league where I can, I can draft, I guess not players, but you know how like if you play, I, I know you play fantasy soccer or fantasy football, but you know how you can get the team and you can get like certain players on the team. What if I were able to draft like your nights on my fantasy chess team?


The, the funny thing is we're actually, we're actually working on that. We, we, there's a company called Take Take, take, which does like a little bit of chess app. It was like a watch zone for, for chess. And we do a lot of YouTube stuff as well. And we are working on exactly that thing you're talking about in that if you think about it as a normal fantasy team, that the chess players are sort of the teams and then the pieces are the players that you draft. Yeah. So, so yeah, we're, we're, we're we're definitely working on that and other kind of like simpler fantasy games as well that are more based on, on on predictions.


But, but yeah, there, there definitely is something to be, to be said for, for, for that in chess. And it, it, it, we wanna give people an extra incentive to, to watch, let's say you got my HP and there's some kind of end game where, you know, like if that pond becomes, becomes the queen, you win your win, you win your mini league and and so on. Yeah. Yeah. So like what would be, what would be the big board if you were to look across the chess landscape? Would it be your pawns Magnus, pawns Rick number one? Would it be, what's his name? Haro, his, his queen? Or would it be like Neiman's anal beads?


Which one would be one? One? That's a good question. There's a guy, we've done a few tests and there's a guy called from France, his queen does, he just plays like wild complicated games. So his queen should be the, you know, the number one draft pick in any his Queen work is insane. The best queen in, in A league. Yes, queen. Love that. Yeah. What's your, what's your number one piece? Honestly, probably probably my queen queen as well. Although I do feel like my flank ponds, like if you wanna get in cheap on something that's, those are, those often live very long and important lives.


Yeah. Lives in my games. Yeah. The pa the pawns are the offensive lineman of, of chess. They are. Yeah. What would be, what would be your worst piece Somehow? My light squared Bishop D does worse than my dark square bishop. And I don't understand, it's just something about the way that I play. It was not about Bobby Fisher that he like much preferred his light square bishop to his dark square bishop with playing with the white, white pieces. But I, I don't know from, from from me. It's for some reason the opposite. Yeah. You, you, you solved a 50 piece puzzle when you were two years old.


What? Do you remember what that puzzle was? No. No, I don't remember. But what I do know is that my, my 4-year-old nephew, he is been, he is better than I am. Oh, he is been better than I am for couple of years already. So is he next? We got, we, we definitely got some, some talent in our, in our bloods. Do you, Do you know how long, when it comes to that? Yeah. Do you know how long that puzzle took you? When you were two years old? Mm, I don't know. Okay. I have very few memories ago. Right. I'm just trying to figure out, because I did a 50, a 50 piece puzzle with my son, like maybe a few weeks ago and it took me about like 35 minutes.


So I'm thinking you were smarter than you as a 2-year-old were smarter than me as a 40-year-old. I don't know. Honestly, I think the last time I did, I did a 200 puzzle piece with my, my nephew. I think that took a couple of hours. Okay. Like, that was embarrassing. Okay. I I, I, I think I probably think that I was better at, at two or three than I am now. That's Crazy. Is your, is your nephew he's playing chess? No, I don't think he's, I don't think he started with with that yet. What's the youngest you can be to, to actually learn the game and to get good? So there, there's, there's an Indian kid who's three years old and who's rated 1600.


What does that mean? 3-year-old? What does that mean for us? 'cause we have no idea what that means. Yeah. That means you're a very decent datu amateur player. You Beat's three, You're, you're, you're like a middle of the pie player in like a normal chess club anywhere. That's crazy. And I like, I've seen him play. He, he can, he can definitely move the, move the pieces around Would If, let's say, and I think you're, you're the goat, you're our goat, you're gonna be the goat for a long time, but let's say 10 years from now, you get passed up. Would you rather get passed up by like a, like a five-year-old or maybe someone who's in his twenties?


Because I think you'd, I think you'd want to get passed up by a five-year-old in like the most hilarious fashion. I don't think it's possible to get to that level at five. That's Why you're the goat. But, you know, I, I wanna see somebody, I wanna see somebody among the kids, like really stand out and be a serious threat to be that new number one guy who can actually dominate. Because that has been the norm in, in chess that there's, there's always kind of been that one guy who's, who's been better than the others. And with the kids right now, I don't, I don't see it like there are a lot of them are really talented, but it, it is not obvious that some one of them is gonna, is gonna dominate.


So yeah, I would, I would love for that to happen. And then I'd probably, you know, try my very best to, to hang on for another few years. That Would be so funny if, if Meir Big Cat were playing against this three-year-old, there's there's a good chance he would just absolutely destroy us. Oh, and then He would 100%. Yeah. And then he'd have to get his diaper change. Like that's a possibility that that could happen. Yeah. Where he was like, he's peeing himself and just ruining us mentally. So, so for you, I know that being number one for so long, for the longest, the longest, the longest of anyone in chess history ever born in the history of the world Act. Actually Kasparov was, he was about 20 years and I'm 15 years.


I don't wanna be hurting my case here, but, Okay. All right. Fine. But that was also, listen, that's, let's just throw this in there. That's, That's the plumber area. That's the plumber And also USSR geopolitical shit, I don't know. Yeah, they were cheating. We'll figure it out. They were doping. That's why they're not in the Olympics. Yeah. Actually. Oh no, here's, here's what we'll go with. Ka Kasparov had two different times is he did, he wasn't number one for 20 years because he was kaspar of USSR spar of Russia. Different guy. It was two different guys. Different guy. Yeah. The flag changed. The flag did change. True. Wait, I'm looking right now. The flag had changed head to head. Yeah. You verse sim who won? I only played him a couple of times at, you know, 21 years ago I managed one draw.


Okay. And then we're actually working together back in 2009, which was extremely after he had retired. So he was my coach for a bit, which was extremely helpful for me. But then we played a few training games. We didn't play too many, many because it got too competitive and, you know, I love that. I love that it would kind of ruin the whole vibe. Yeah. But I think then it was fairly even like I had slight edge, but it wasn't, there wasn't a huge, huge difference. So, so as, as you've been so good, It's really good. Yeah. A as you've been so good for so long.


Do you have to find new ways to keep yourself engaged? Are, are you ever, like I I've played all the chess, I've thought about every possible combination of moves. Like how do you, how do you stay at the top if you've been that dominant for that long, Easy, easy answer is that I love, I love playing. And to me the, the next, the next tournament is the most important. Right. The next game is what I'm, what I'm concerned with. So I, there's nothing particular that I would, that I would love to, to win except for, except for the next game.


So I am, you know, I'm still living and breathing when I'm at tournaments, but honestly I've, I don't have a lot yet to, to achieve. So I just, yeah. I just love playing. Yeah. Have you thought about maybe trying checkers? Mm. Honestly, I don't even know, even know the rules of, of checkers. So, so I could, I could Yeah. Beat you at checkers. You're A bum. Yeah. I didn't Mean that. You're the goat. That's very funny. I mean, and also we definitely couldn't because it Would take you, you would, you would sit down to board immediately you'd say, okay, yeah. Two seconds to figure it out. What, what, what could you explain the jeans thing, the fact that you got, you got fined most ridiculous thing ever Is that just the chess has to figure out a way to kind of get with the times because you, you actually got fined for wearing jeans to a tournament.


Yeah. The thing was that there was a, a dress code and a general dress code was, I don't know, business casual or smart casual, something like that. But the thing is, I was, I was in a, in a lunch that ran a little bit late and I went back to the hotel, got changed. I just forgot to change my, my jeans. It was, it was an honest mistake. These were decent jeans. Like I had a nice shirt, I had a jacket. I definitely met, met the general criteria for the vibe that you wanted for, for that tournament.


And the most ridiculous part was that like chinos were allowed, jeans were not, and players were checked for pants that, well these looks look like jeans, but they're actually chinos, so it's Okay. So it was about the material. Yeah. Like somebody came up and had to, they felt, yeah. When, when, When it, when when it's, it was, it's, it's like a 200 player tournament it in a big hall. And most people, like, they, they don't make a ton of money from, from chess. Like they cannot necessarily afford to have nice, nice suits and and so on. But in my case, it was a, was an honest mistake and I, I was told that I was going to get fined then if I don't change for the next game, then I will be forfeited.


Which I thought was, was so insane that I thought there was no way they were going to enforce that. Seeing as I looked, I looked perfectly presentable and well then it turns out they did. And then I was like, yeah, fine, whatever. Yeah, I like, I didn't, I understand that, you know, they have certain rules and they wanna won't enforce 'em. But I think the, the, the, you know, I I, I still think it was absolutely ridiculous.


But yeah, bad boy, I, no, I'm not sure if I'm the best ambassador for, for the whole jeans thing because, you know, I like wearing jeans. But as I said, it was an honest mistake. But it's, it's become a thing now. So now I'm obviously wearing jeans to everything. Yeah, I like that. Yeah. Can you wear shorts? No. One player was actually forfeited for wearing, for wearing shorts on a tournament. That's crazy. Where, and his, his explanation was that, well this is a knockout tournament.


And honestly I expected to get knocked out in the first couple of rounds I did. I don't have any more work clothes to, to, to use. This is all I, this is all I got you. You see like, this is the level we're at. Yeah. At, at chess tournaments. But I, that's why I, I loved playing from home online tournaments during the pandemic. Like you can be sure that I was rocking shorts under the table. Yeah. In a lot of those offline events, Would you play better if you're wearing shorts? Yeah, so I was, I was living like by, by the sea. So a lot of times I would use the brakes in between games, like go for a little swim, I would come back with, you know, my hair all wet and with my bathing shorts s dripping and just sitting down on the towel and playing the games.


Love that in good times. Love that. Do you think that your hair gives you an edge? Like can you, can you tell that your opponent gets mesmerized? Sometimes? Yeah. I don't know. I, I just, I'm too lazy to do anything about it, unfortunately. But that also has also become a thing now. So whenever I actually make my hair, people just get freaked out. Well, You're a heartthrob as well. You're bad boy. Heartthrob goats. Do you ba one last thing about the goat and I have one last question after that. 'cause I know, I know you gonna run, but you're being humble by saying, you know, Kasparov and, and everyone else, there's no one who can touch you right now though, right?


Like no one in a, in a, in a full tournament setting can touch you right now. No. I, I mean I will lose a game here and there in a tournament here and there, but at the moment I would say that I, I'm definitely the best at every, at every format that we we play. And honestly, my closest competitors are still the, the old guys, guys around my age. So yeah, the kids, they're good, but they're, they're not quite quite there yet. I love that. Yeah. Talk that shit shot. I love that. And we gotta start talking more shit. Can we talk shit on your behalf? You did, you did post Omar from the wire post.


You know, that was, that was kind of talking some shit. I like that. Can I, is is it wrong if I admit that that was not me and that was my social media guy. Oh, okay. And I probably wouldn't have done that myself. Oh, Okay. Okay. Okay. Are, are we allowed to post clips from the wire on your behalf? Yeah, for sure. Like, Like you make a great move with your light squared bishop and then we do the webe where he is like looking around like holy shit. Yeah, that one. This one. You one? Sure. Okay. Are we allowed to tell people that you'd fuck, you'd fuck a bitch up with your, your light squared bishop any day of the week? Dark squared. Dark Squared square bishop. I knew that. Fuck all I gotta tighten that up. I gotta tighten that up. But we're working on the light square. Yeah, we're working on it.


No, that's actually no, I I said it right. It's your, you'd fuck 'em up with your off bishop. Even the, the one you're not even good at. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Your ass. That's true. You, you'll beat their ass. You know, lefthanded, I don't know what what dominant hand you are, but yeah, that's how you got through. I'm Right handed. Yeah. So that I'm left footed though. Oh, that's weird. Okay. Alright Magnus, I got one last question. We really appreciate it man. It's been awesome.


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo code take.


So my last question is, so in the future of chess and where you're going, how, oh no, actually I have a different question. 'cause I, I heard this about you and I find it very interesting. There's a timer for chess, right? So what, what is a timer in a tournament setting or does it vary tournament to tournament? It varies tournament to tournament, but you can say like, classical chess is usually about two hours per game. And then you have rapid chess or just like 15, 20 minutes and you have blitz chess, which is five minutes or less. Okay. So I was listening to an interview and it was really interesting to me that you said that basically there are ti there are times when like someone who you're playing, they will take forever to make a decision. And you know, in your heart of hearts, like if you go past about 10, 15 minutes, you're, you're not gonna find something that wasn't there.


And I feel like that's, that's a good way to live life where it's like people overthink everything now and you're like, in chess I will have, I will know, like I'll go through my list of, of what strategies I want within the first 10 minutes. If it's not there, you, you gotta just make a move. No, that, that, that's, that's true for, for for sure. And that is something that chess teaches you as well. Exactly. That, that you have to make decisions constantly and they're not going to be based on perfect information. But how much better is it, is it going to get if you, if you procrastinate that's, that's uncertain Before we go one last thing.


Yeah. That I will say. 'cause I'm gonna get in trouble after otherwise What's that? It's that my wife loves the pizza reviews. Oh, okay. Okay. Love that. One bite we gotta get you listen. Are do you come to to America for tournaments? I'm coming to Vegas for a freestyle tournament in, in July. Does Of July. What is a free, does a freestyle tournament get crazy? No Freestyle. That's the, is that the Bobby Fisher one with the randomized Yeah, That's the where you randomized the, the the story of position. Yeah. Okay, well, we'll, we'll we'll exchange contact information.


Maybe we get you on a pizza review. That would be fun. Yeah, that would be fun. Yeah. Yeah. She, she'd love that for sure. Okay, Awesome. Well, awesome. Thank you so much Magnus. You are our goat. We will defend you. Now who's your, who's Your biggest rival? Like who should me and Big Cat set our sights on and and make sure that they know that they're not the goat? I, I would say it's yet to come. Yeah, there's nobody right now. There No one like that. You know, actually the real answer to who your biggest rival is is you not eating Chinese food during a game after playing 18 holes of golf. That's the problem. That's the only way you're gonna lose. Yeah.


Sadly. Yeah. Alright, thank you so much Magnus, we appreciate it. Thanks Magnus.


Carlsen was brought to you by State Farm in basketball. The great players don't just do it alone. They have teammates, coaches, and a solid support system behind them. It's kinda like insurance because let's face it, a lot of us probably aren't great at doing that alone either. That's where State Farm comes in. State Farm is a teammate always ready to assist, to help you find the coverage that you need and to help you recover from the unexpected, from Fender benders to storm damage or even just a question about your policy. State Farm is there to help provide and assist when you need it. All through the State Farm mobile app, a network of 19,000 local agents and online@statefarm.com. So don't just go at it alone when you need help protecting what matters most. State Farm is there. State Farm with the assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Magnus Carlsen was also brought to you by Experian. We're gonna take a moment to talk about BFFs. Zach, who is your BFF? Memes. Memes. I love that. Memes. Who's your BFF Big Cat. Nice. Oh, nice Big Cat. Who's your BFF You. PFT. Hank. Who's your BF Zach. Everybody's getting love. I like that. Did he What's Said Hank? Hank didn't get Bff? Ask me who? My bff. Who's your B fff? It's you Big Cat. Nice. There's one BF who always looks out for you. Hank and I, we have a business relationship now that's fast. It's not personal. There's one BF who will always look out for you in the financial space. And that is Experian. They're your big financial friend. Your BFF Experian has a bunch of legit ways to help you save and get this. The Experian app helps. It lets you check your FICO score and it does a bunch of more totally BF, F kind of things to help you manage your finances, but your other BFFs can't do all that. Experian here to support you in making smart financial decisions and maximize your financial potential. Get started by downloading the Experian app at no cost. Let your big financial friend help you take control of your financial future. If you would ask me what's one, one change I would've made in my early mid twenties, I would've gotten a better hold on my finances. Never too early to start. The earlier you start, the better it is. And what better way to get started than by downloading the Experian app? Let them be your big financial friend. Download the Experian app today and now here's guys on chicks.


Okay, let's wrap up. We got guys on chicks. Hank. Yeah, let's do it. Let My boyfriend cannot stop golfing. I bought him new clubs for his birthday assuming he would want to play golf with me, but he has an addiction. He has played seven days in a row. Only watches YouTube golf videos and claim he's gonna break 90 this year. What is a way to get him away from the course or to be able to get me involved in golfing with him, he takes practice, swings constantly at home and claims if he did it full-time, he could become pro or make a cool YouTube channel. Mm. Okay. So you bought him the clubs though? Yeah. So this is, you bought him the clubs with an understanding that he would golf with you. Do you have clubs? Does this the lady have clubs?


Probably Not. I, I honestly think if she just said, Hey, can we golf together? He'd probably be like, okay. Yeah. And this is also, we've talked about this lesson a million times, but before you start dating, you have to have all your hobbies set because you can't just add golf. You can add golf, but you can't add golf addict. No. There's a, a difference. There's a, you could be a golfer, but if this guy's playing seven days a week and YouTube tutorials and practicing swinging the living room, that's going to, you're gonna need to ease into that one. Yeah. Hank, are you addicted like that? No. You're not even, you're actually, I wouldn't say you're a golf addict like that. No, I, that, that described me pretty well. Oh, okay. I like, I, I like, I watch, I just watch golf.


Oh. Like I'll, I'll put it on a TV show and watch like an episode and then just like, throw on YouTube golf. Do you practice your swing? Not really. I mean, I, I mess around here. I hit some putts, like got a little putting green. Oh, nice. Okay. But yeah, I mean, every, every guy just wants to be Ryan Whitney after he stopped playing hockey. Yeah. That was like the greatest statement I've ever heard in my life. Yeah. The problem, my problem with golf is it's not four hours. No, no. If you're playing around a golf in, in most urban locations, if you have to, you know, go for a drive to get to the course you're looking at probably, I'd say six and a half to eight hour investment. That's My thing is 12 holes make 12 hole golf courses. 12 hole golf courses would be perfect.


You'd be in and out in 2, 2 15. Done. Yeah. Or yeah, like you said, it really is though. You can't pick it up after the fact. Right. 'cause all the free time they want to be golfing. You want to be doing whatever else it is. Yes. It's just gonna come to a head. You Can't even, you can't even substitute a golf addiction for a former addiction that you had. Yeah. Like, you have to, you have to start the relationship being like, just so you know, I've got really 19 holes in my life and I spent a lot more time with the first 18 than the last one. Or, and that's where it's like, no mouth. It's also, it's, It's no butt. I was talking about the butt. Oh. Exclusively butt. It's not really feasible.


'cause like, it's an, it's actually insane, like how expensive country club memberships are. But like, if you are at a country club that has a pool and like a restaurant and stuff Yeah. You can be like, oh yeah. Like, you know, just let's hang out at the club. But I'm thinking about it now. It's now really feasible. The move now that we're talking it out is for any single guys out there and you're not addicted to golf. Pretend you're addicted to golf and then you can slowly ease it back and look like a hero Ahead of time. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you think one day you might get a golf addiction. Right. Or, or even if you don't get a golf addiction being like, yeah, I play golf seven days a week, but for you I'm gonna do five. I'm gonna quit. Yeah. And then just use that time to go to the bar and watch games. My fiance is starting a new job and now is telling me he can't take a day on day or two off for a trip.


We had preplanned for my birthday, which is in his third week. I've told him the trip was preplanned and his job will understand, but he's insisting he can't go because it's a bad look for his new job, which has turned into a big fight. Am I crazy or is he right? You gotta try. No, he's he's a pussy. Yeah. You gotta try. He he should have said, they tell him no, he Should have said when he was applying for the job, Hey, I have a vacation in three weeks. Yeah. Like, is that cool? Yeah. He just was a pussy about it. And now I also think that's one of those things that's smart. And I guess I haven't really ever started a new job, but you, when you start a new job, That's a great statement to have. I've never started a new job. Are you, you're a one jersey guy.


I'm one Jersey guy. Just go in and say, I have a preplanned vacation in two weeks. Correct. Or like three weeks in. Because every, that's always Yes. You as an employer, like you, you have to be such an asshole to be like, yeah, no, it Happens All the time. They're not gonna say, we're not gonna hire you because you have, you're taking a Friday off next. Right. Right. But as you're going through the application process, you might think that in the back of your head, you gotta make sure that they, they want you more than you need them. Yeah. This guy. Yeah. You, this woman. You gotta just tell, tell your boyfriend to nut up. What, what would you say Max? My first week at Barstool, my brother was getting married that weekend and I missed the rehearsal dinner 'cause I was too scared to tell Dave. Oh, on Friday.


That's rehearsal. I know. But my brother was mad. Yeah. How'd you do? Huh? How'd you do at the wedding? Had I I I was good. You At rehearsal in practice? Oh, Rehearsal dinner isn't like an No, it Not a rehearsal. Well we're That's, that's where the game plan, that's where the install goes in. But it was Also around the same time of like the, this is, this will be real, real ones. We'll remember this like the, the, the golf guy that was missing work for golfing and then Dave fired him. Yeah. So is that the, you remember that Hank? Yeah. Well this is why whenever you, you apply for a job, you tell, It's a gambling intern. You Tell the employer was, I have a golf addiction. Even if you don't. Yeah. Right. And then you can just be like, I'm leaving for a golf trip.


But I feel Real jobs is No, no, no. Real jobs is different. I didn't, I mean, I didn't, I didn't do any, I was scared to do anything for like five years with Dave. That's a little different. But I feel like now we're a real company. When we interview people they say that it's like, yeah, no problem. Yeah. I've had that happen like multiple times in the last year where someone says, oh yeah, by the way, like four weeks I have a vacation. Okay, great. Sounds happened with Pug when he first started. Yeah. Happened with Dom, my assistant. He was like, Hey, I have a wedding. That's what you just say that like, yeah, no problem. Just say that. No, even if you don't. Yeah. We're just, we're just teaching everyone how to just kind of screw it around some stuff Here. You, you could take your first two weeks the second you start. Yeah. That's how you really get honeymoon system. Yeah.


Honeymoon. What's up? Big Cat. PFT and Hank. I've been dating my boyfriend for six months now. We both love to travel And we go into Italy at the end of the month. Oh. My boyfriend handled booking the flights for us and I just logged onto Delta to confirm everything was put in correctly. Oh. I was shocked to discover he booked himself in business class and me an economy. Oh. I'm a teacher and he does very well at his job. And I feel Like this is all Percent of slight, what do I tell him? Yeah, That is Insane. You know what? Diabolical. Insane. He Sounds like a good guy. Sounds like this will work out, Dude. Why? He basically just setting up for a fight in Italy. He might, he's he's basically going to a boxing match in Italy.


I'm going to to read this the best possible way and say he's going to say when you get to the airport that he's in business, you're in economy. No. And that the last second switch and let you go in business. No. And if that doesn't happen, you need to just not get on that flight. Wow. You need to say like, something's off about this flight. I don't feel good. I'm going home. That, that, that motherfucker's not real. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. There's One, there's one thing that I, Oh, If he has what if he has like points this status, like a certain status that he can sit anywhere on the flight for free. You gotta let her know though. Yeah. You give your headss up. I've had this fight.


Wait, You've done this, you booked A Well, not, no, it, it's both economy. But I get, I can sit, I can sit like, like six aisle and then she, and then my girlfriend's like 30 aisle or 30 window. And then I have to go back to 30, 30 aisle and I'm like, I had six, I had six aisle. Yeah. With More, With more leg room. And, and she, and, and the first off the plane and, but it's 'cause I'm, I have, I can sit wherever I want on the plane. Right. You all right. So man, this is a brutal one. If, if the guy's listening, here's what you gotta do. You gotta be like, Hey, I thought that like at least one of us should have some sleep on this flight.


I'll handle everything when I get there. But you're screwed. He's screwed. Or He also could, he could play the, well, I thought that we could split it when one of us is sleeping. We can go up to business. Yeah. Or, And, and the other person can go back. Or maybe it's like, I'll take business on the way there. You get business on the way back. Here's guys a moron, a moron. Here's what not to do. The second you book those flights. Yeah. You know what's coming. You know it. Here, here's what's not to do. And 'cause I've, I've tried this in varying points in my life where I'm like, I'm, I'm taller. I need, I need this. You don't, that's a bad idea. Tried. That doesn't work. I've done the reverse. 'cause I don't really care that much.


And it's a great power move out. Yeah. Just out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What a crazy move though. You he, he basically just signed and sealed his vacation to be a knockdown, drag-out fight for at least two Days. This is, it's such a weird move to do that. He can't possibly be like, I'm gonna sit in first. You sit back there. But He would be more, he's gonna move comfortable. He's gonna move back. He's Gonna let her I You lose the fight every time. You gotta move back It. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, there's no way to win the fight. Even if there's No way to win. The fuck. Even If you get to stay in your seat like You're gonna lose. She should leave him. He had to have gotten that, that seat David Day for how long He had to have Gotten that seat. Six Months. If he doesn't give you the seat, you break up with him. If he spent extra, like if he spent five grand like out of his own pocket to move up to that Seat.


Well he said he does well And not also move then this is the worst guy in the, in the world. You know what I'm like choosing to believe that this guy isn't that much of an asshole. You know, P cap makes a good point. The guy. He, he does Well. He works hard. He works, he does well. She's, She's, she's a teacher. He he does very well financially. Yeah. He she should not get this Up there. Get your cash up. She probably wouldn't even like it. This is, no, this guy's the worst. She'd probably be like, what, what is this bubbly water? Yeah. That's champagne. Come on. Yeah. Maybe what you should do is go back in the middle of the flight and give her like a, a eighth of a piece of pizza and a little sip of like a diet Pepsi. I'll give you like here you go. Pizza party. I'll Give you the crackers that they gimme me. You get all my snacks. Oh, Alright. Is that it? Hank, One more. Sorry.


One more. What happened? Lost it. Wait. Is he a troop? He might be a Troop. If he's a troop. That's his seat. Yeah. Respect. Could Big Cat eat an entire machine of ice cream? Genuine question. After seeing him down numerous cups of milkshakes during the dug dug challenge. Hmm. What would be the amount of time? I mean that's, that's Gallons how much ice cream? There's Zach. What does it goes? What goes in there? Don't take off your headphones. Zach. Zach, how many gallons hold in there? In the machine? So it's 20 quartz each side. 40 quartz total. Four quartz in a gallon. 40 divided by 10 gallons. 10 gallons. No, four.


Right. Four gallons. How many gallons in the whole thing? Gallon. One sec. Super. My bad. Super calculator. He's got the calculator out. 40 quartz. Yeah. So there's so 10 gallons of mix, but each gallon of mix makes 1.5 gallons of soft serve. Oh my God. So it's even more Fuck Yeah. 15 Gallons. 15 Gallons of soft serve ice cream would be, or max if we filled it all the way up. There's No way. No chance. It would take me, it would take me a month. You would drown. That's so much ice cream. Yeah. I'd drown in ice cream. Yeah. Alright, let's wrap up the show. Zach, I have a question for you. Yes, sir. I drove you home on Sunday night.


Had a great time. I Appreciate the ride very much. Yeah. What, what floor do you live on in your It's, I'm on the 14th floor of the Building. Oh, 14th. Okay. 14th. How long? PFT and, and Hank how long do you think? 14th floor. He lives on the 14th floor. How long did you avoid standing next to the windows? Roughly between one and a half to two weeks. Okay. You just didn't go even Close. I didn't want to go through 'em. Yeah. What do you mean? Like, I didn't wanna to get close enough. Like I didn't want to get close enough to the window. Like say, God forbid I asked the, the leasing lady, she said this double pane thick glass. But like if you were to go through a window at the 14th floor, you're, you're fto you're done. Right. So I just stayed a little bit back. Are these, are these like floor to ceiling windows?


Yeah, they start at the ground. So you can kind of like peek and see like, ooh, you know, like, oh shit. Like if I go down there, yeah, it's Over. So, but you have, you live in a studio. Yes. So you, you, you took like a quarter of your apartment away? I did, I did avoid like a decent amount of the square footage yet. 'cause the window's right there. But I'm more comfortable with it now. I've got reassurance and then, Okay. How Much, A couple people let me know I was an idiot and I should just get to the window. How Much room would you give yourself between, you know, where the window was and where you had to stand? Just like a good foot. And then I made sure I wasn't like putting pants on or anything close to it, getting dressed in the morning. So I wouldn't, I would avoid things that I would have to balance for near the windows too. So like Are you a fall risk? Not a fall risk? No, I think but a window avoider that high sometimes.


Yeah. Window Avoider. I think Those windows are built that they could take you. I they say for sure. It's always until, I just like the idea. You being in, what, how many square feet is your apartment? I think it's like 3 99. And Not too bad. And you were just, you just cut Off. Just say 400. A couple three. Nine. Nine. Yeah. You just, Oh yeah. My True. You just cut off a portion of your apartment 'cause you're like, I can't get near these windows. But it's, it's on the wall so you just, it's not like it was, it was easy. Easily avoidable. Yeah. Very easily avoidable. We're comfortable near the windows now, pretty much for the Most part. Good. Pretty much good now. Are you afraid of heights? I don't, it's the, it's the fear of falling that gets me so I guess Yes. Heights. Little ion. Yeah, I hear you. Yeah. P Be terrified Of heights.


Terrified. Although I went down the brewer slide last night. Oh, nice. And they warned me, they said Bernie slide if you're afraid of heights. It's a very tough, tough thing to do. No problem. I've been working on myself. Love that. I've been working on myself. Love that. That's impressive. Yeah, you can do it too. You can, you can get yourself. Is that what your kids to the playground. What Slides are scary? Good job. No. Oh. I mean they're, no, they're good. There was a moment where the kids love slides. The lady that worked for the brewers was like, you were so brave. Oh, I was like, thank you. That's nice. I was, I was a brave boy today. Alright, good. Show numbers three. Oh wow. Memes, guys. Come on. Sick. Six. You think today's day memes 60?


Could be. What's your backup number six. Backup number? 92. 92. I'll go 92. I'll go six. Okay. I'm 60. I'll go 55. Nine nine. Put Go. 14, 63, 21. Luck. Zach. You as well. What was your number Zach? 14 0 94. Oh, that would've been so good if it was 92. Love you guys.