
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music on today's, Pardon? My Take. We have a two for, for the people. We have JJ Spawn Fresh Office, US Open Win, and then our good friend George Kittle from the San Francisco 49 ERs Getting ready for TEU, we have a Stanley Cup champion. We're gonna talk about the Panthers winning the cup back to back years. The thunder are also one win away from the NBA finals. We have some inner podcast beef to squash after Max and Hank duped it out in the three on three B, BA.


We've got listener submitted. Pardon? Your takes a great show, a pack show, and


it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. The NBA finals are finally here. It's about to get wild, high stakes drama, insane buzzer beaters, jaw dropping dunks, and the excitement you live for. And guess what? DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner, the NBA is giving you a chance to boost your winnings every single game during the finals. That's right. Every game, all finals long. DraftKings is rolling out a special NBA Profit Boost. So what are you waiting for? Download the Drafting Sportsbook app now. Use code take to claim your profit Boost. That's right. Code Take gets you a boost for every single NBA finals game. Don't miss your shot at Big Wins. This is the moment you've been waiting for only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction Boyd in Ontario. Get one NBA profit boost per game after opt-in Boost expires at the end of each game. Boosts bet criteria and maximum bet limits vary. See terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash promos. Okay, let's go Football. Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. What are you waiting for? Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now and use code take to claim your Profit Boost. That's right. Code take to get you a boost for every single NBA finals game. Don't miss your shot at Big wins. This is the moment you've been waiting for only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Today is Wednesday, June 18th, and the Florida Panthers are back to back. Stanley Cup champions an incredible last two games of the series where they absolutely dominated the Oilers and just an incredible way to fit. They they're the best team. There's not much, I mean, if you had to pick a second best team, PFT, it's probably the Toronto Maple Leaf. 'cause they took 'em to seven. So it was like a, an exciting Fi Stanley Cup final for the first four games. And then the Panthers were like, oh yeah, we're the best team. We're about to win. Back to back titles and congrats to them.


So I was about to start the show by congratulating the Toronto Maple Leafs. Yeah. On being better than the Edmonton Oilers. Like, congrats to Biz Biz was actually kinda right in his argument against Witt. It it, it stinks for Oilers fans, but you gotta put in your face. It's not like this was a, a close game. It's not like the end of the series closed out where you thought that you had a chance. This was an ass kicking. They just kicked their asses. And then Reinhardt wa he had four goals tonight. Four goals tonight. Sam Reinhardt, a rap trick was Yeah, he was, he was awesome. Sam Bennett, the other Sam won the con with 15 goals in the postseason, led the whole po postseason 22 points. But yeah, Sam Reinhardt four goals.


But you're right. Like this was not, these last two games were so clear. The, the Florida Panthers were the better team. And Bob, we said it with when our previews with, with Ys with Witt we're like, Bob's gonna get hot and he's going to, he's gonna get hot and it's gonna be lights out for the Panthers. And that's exactly what he did in these last two games tonight. I think he saw 28, 29 shots. Save 28 of them. He's just, he's he is that dude in closeout games. You can't go back to Skinner if you're the Oilers. We, we told you that a couple nights ago. Yeah. Cannot go back to them. I Do you feel bad for Oilers? I do. I feel bad for the entire country of Canada. Yeah. 1993, it felt like this might be Canada's year.


Yeah. The memes, I think just tweeted the, an American team has won the, the CFL Great Cup in a more recent time than the, a Canadian team has won the Stanley Cup. So the Baltimore stallions, I believe in 1995, won the Gray Cup. I think they were only in the league for a year or two. And it's been a shorter distance in time than the Canadian teams winning a Stanley Cup. It's, it's tough. I do feel bad. I feel bad for the Oilers. I feel bad. Well, con McDavid can't win the big one. We're gonna just jump into it. Okay. I don't, I don't know what to say. I feel bad for him. He's an incredible player, but as of right now, I'm just going on the facts that I see has not won the big one.


Okay. So my, my plan was to just butter up Canada as a country real quick. Okay. And just be like, we feel bad for you. This was a great team. Ultimately it was a combination of Ryan Whitney and your goal tending that lets you down. It's not your fault Canada, but also maybe your golden boy is looking like fool's gold. Yeah. I mean, it's not his fault. We're, we're, we're, we're being a little tongue in cheek, but obviously this will be the, the, the prevailing story of Kenny Win the big one because he is the best player in the league and he hasn't won the big one. And for back to back years, the Florida Panthers, that's gotta be the hardest part too. PFD if you're an Edmonton Oilers fan, Connor McDavid iss the best player in the league. You have all this tradition, you have the Stanley Cup years with Gretzky and Messier.


And then you have a team in Florida who is just dominant, like the Florida Panthers deserve all the credit for putting together an absolute beast of a team. And the way they've won back to back Stanley Cups, they're, they're awesome. Not just Florida like the dirtiest part of Florida. Yeah. Like, like the farthest part away from you part of Florida where the, the team is located outside the city. They basically built a town around a barn and they're like, we hope that we can get people to come out here. And then they built a good team. So they do have a fan base now. Yes. But to lose to Miami, that that stinks. Yeah, that stinks real bad. But yeah, they were, they were a dominant team.


And it, I think anybody that watched these Playoffs, you can't say anything besides the fact that that was the best team. They also, They deserve it. Yeah. They, they, so they set a Stanley Cup final record surpassing the 1987 Oilers with most minutes in a Stanley Cup final leading. So they led for 255 minutes in the Stanley Cup final because it was, you know, the Oilers wins. You had that, that crazy game where they score late and then overtime wins. And so it's just the Panthers were the better team that they, they they were, they're a built wagon. They had three guys score five plus goals in the Stanley Cup final, which they're the only second team in the NHL history to do that.


Reinhardt had seven, Marshawn had six. Sam Bennett had five. They're awesome. And it's, it's gotta hurt the, the hockey loving Canadians to be like this team. And I know obviously there's a lot of Canadians on Brad Marshawn's from Canada, but still it's gotta hurt. I would blame, I think there's three people you can blame if you're trying to figure out how to cope. Number one is just the entire state of Florida for having no state income tax. So you can go to that one, you can blame the Boston Bruins and then you can blame the city of Philadelphia for letting Bob go down there. Hmm. So I You've got some scapegoats. Yeah. You got some scapegoats for sure. Absolutely. And you now McDavid you Could blame Toronto for not taking care of the Panthers.


Yeah. Oh yeah. That's actually a great one that you can do. Yeah. I I think that McDavid is, he's gotta win one eventually, but we have no choice but to ask if he's incapable of winning the big one now. Right. We didn't want to, we didn't wanna have this conversation. And I'm not trying to do insult stats, but he is the only captain who's lost in back-to-back cup finals in the last 50 years. It's hard to get there Twice now. It's hard to get there twice. It's hard to get there twice. I don't want do these. I let's talk about how awesome the, the Panthers are. Okay, let's talk about Marshan and how I, I don't think I realized how great he was until these playoffs, which sounds stupid because obviously he is had a great career for Boston.


But something about seeing a guy who's been really, really good for a long time do the exact same stuff that he is always done just in a different uniform, makes it mean like a little bit more. Like he stands out a little bit more to me. Well, Yeah, it's, I mean, he's 37 years old and you're like, oh, what are you gonna get from him? Is he at the tail end? And then, oh yeah, you're gonna get one of the best players on the ice for the entire Stanley Cup final and an absolute beast who just has a knack for the big moment. And you're right. Like it was, he, he, I think a lot of people were like, he's incredible, but like this takes him another level to win it with another team and do it in such an impressive fashion where it's like he had his fingerprints all over this series. Yeah. On the third line too.


Yeah. Also credit to Paul Maurice, very good coach. Florida Panthers. I believe this, I think the stat is he, he coached for 25 years in the NHL without winning anything. And now has won back to back pretty, pretty awesome. They, you know, be a little patient. Patience works. Should we be upset with the Vander Kane for skipping the handshake line? Ooh, I'm, I'm gonna say yes. That's bullshit. How can you do that? I, I get it at the end of the Stanley Cup finals. That's, no, that's Exactly when you need to do the sa the the handshake line. PFT. But I get it. You know that, you know that. I know. But imagine it's you. Yeah. No, I would, I'd be so pissed. I would just probably say, fuck you under my breath to everyone in the handshake line.


You, I'd leave, I'd just walk outta the arena, get in my car immediately. I'd pretend my, I'd pretend my like right hand was broken and have to do like the sad paw, like people having to reach across and make it really awkward for everyone. Yeah. She be like, well, I did the handshake line, what do you want from me? Yeah. He's got no guts. That's an upper body injury from you. That will be, yeah. That's why me and you aren't in the Stanley Cup finals. That's true. Because we wouldn't do the handshake line. That's true. We should also say, and, And we're not looking for credit, but we would've gone to game seven in Edmonton with Ryan. Whitney. Whitney. So we basically, Whitney, I believe if we're doing a score counter, he now owes us something. Yeah. So a little peek behind the curtain. I'm, I'm out of studio right now because I'm at a lake house in Michigan that I, I plan on doing this like five months ago.


Got this lake house for the week into the weekend, by the way, Michigan awesome state. A lot of weed dispensaries. Kind of crazy. And I said, I'm not gonna be here this weekend. I, I canceled my lease the week long lease on the lake house because I was like, I I'm gonna go to Edmonton this weekend. I, and then I don't know what I'm gonna do tomorrow because I, I got, I'm out of this house. I'm self evicted. So, I mean, credit to us for, for saying, Hey Whit, you've done a lot for this program. We're willing to put her nuts on the line for you. I, but unfortunately it just can't happen. I had a phone call with Ryan Whitney this morning planning it out, being like, Hey, if the, if Edmonton wins this game tonight, we gotta act quick. We gotta get this flight, we gotta get it all, every, like gimme the names right now.


We gotta be ready to go. It was being planned. And again, I do think he owes us something now. I don't know what, we're gonna have to figure it out. Hank he owes us something. Don't you agree? Because you would've gone, I owe Yeah, absolutely. For sure. Yeah. 100% max you would've gone. Right? Max is actually like really pumped to go really pumped. I think Whitney should have to dye his hair. Mm. Yeah. It would, it does feel good to DI It would've been cool to go to like, I'm, I'm not complaining about having a chance to go to a game seven. It would've been pretty sick. But in terms of like all time cancellation of like, Hey, you don't have to go to Edmonton, it felt good. It felt really good.


I'll be honest. It felt really, really good. Not me. I'm, I'm upset. Yeah. I would love to go up there. You're so upset from your lake house in Michigan. It's a bummer. Hey Hank. Fun fact about Michigan. I'm learning all sorts of stuff about Michigan. You know, Michigan has the most lighthouses of any state in the United States. Wow. Yeah. Pretty cool there. There's one right down the street. I'll, I'll take a picture of it. You know what, you know what the state bird of Michigan is? The mosquito. Oh. Oh yeah. Not even a bird. No. It's a, it's a joke that every state says about their own state. Oh, I'm watching right now. They're taking a picture with Sta god damnit the Stanley Cup winning that.


It's gotta be the best feeling in the world. Just being like, we're just gonna get so fucked up with the boys. They do. Marcia's Holding up the two. Buddy, you weren't there last year. Stanley Cup. I, I will say this about the Stanley Cup. It does feel like the number one, the team like parties for as long as possible together. Like I think a lot of the other sports, the team kind of fractures pretty quickly. This one, it's like you'll just see all of the Panthers partying for the next four days. All of them together. And, and sometimes longer than that, that's what makes it so impressive that you're repeat champion is you win the Stanley Cup and you go on a bender for about a month and a half. You're just getting fucked up left and right.


Like you're a freshman in college and then you go back and after a summer of utter debauchery, you're able to somehow get back to that elite level That might, I think that might be the hardest sports repeat in. Yeah. Oh, by the way, here we go. Breaking moves. Matthew Chu says he tore the abductor off the bone and was dealing with a hernia on the same side of his body. Wasn't sure if he'd be able to play to start these playoffs. Kach stay says grinding through all that makes the Stanley Cup more rewarding. I love, I love the hockey injuries after, 'cause they, they are like, it's, it's kind of the opposite of, you know, LeBron getting bounced and being like, I would've been out three to five weeks. Like, these guys are playing with horrific injuries and they don't say a word.


And then after they do, they get a microphone in their face. They're like, yeah, actually my leg been broken for like four months. And, but it's the cup dude. Yeah. Thank God the series is over. 'cause I get to go to the hospital now. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm gonna check myself in. But when you say the way that you phrased his injury, though, it sounds kind of delicious. Low key. Yeah. Say it again. He Tore, he tore the abductor off the bone. That is delicious. Oh, That sounds, that sounds tasty. Yeah. There there'll be, there'll be a a a Panther oiler will be like, yeah, my doctor told me if it goes seven I'll probably die, but it's the cup. So Gotta go out there for the boys. Yeah. Alright. I, one other thing before we kick it to ourselves in studio for the rest of the show, I'm starting to think that some of the women in the WNBA don't like Caitlyn Clark.


Yeah. Yeah, I think so. That's All I got. She Got, did she get fish hooked tonight or was it just a slap in the, did she get bitch slapped? She got Like rabbit punched and then, and then like chest bumped. Yeah. I, I think they don't like her. I don't know. I'm just getting that vibe. Maybe, maybe we gotta wait and see, but I'm starting to think they don't like her When all this shit started to go down last year. I, I thought that this is actually a great opportunity for somebody that's like into the bench player on the fever, become the Kaitlyn Clark defender. Yeah. Like forget about working on your game. Just get in the gym. Just start, just start learning boxing, juujitsu, Muay Thai, whatever. And then just be an enforcer.


Be the Charles Oakley. There's an opening right now for Charles Oakley to Kaitlyn Clark's Michael Jordan that just goes out there and beats the shit outta girls that try to go at Kaylee. Yeah. Just be, be friend for life. Yeah. Be your best friend for life and, and eat a couple technicals every now and again. Get k kicked out a few games. Not only will it be good for your just career, like on the roster, but I mean, there'll be marketing opportunities too. Yeah. You're just like, you'll be known as her bodyguard. Yeah. That's your It's a great point. Oh, I totally forgot. Congrats Zach. Were are you a Panthers fan? It would be, it would be stolen vow to say Panthers fan specifically, but State of Florida. Love to see them bring the Stanley Cup home.


Oh, okay. Love that. It's coming home. Congrats To the state of Florida. The state of Florida's won four outta the last five cups. Is that not right? I believe so. They could be way up. Yeah. Lightning. What is it? It's two lightning, two panthers and then an avalanche mixed in. Is that right? Memes? Yeah. Yeah. All in the south. Yeah. Yep. That's right. Yeah. Alright, so congrats state of hockey. Let's Go. Congrats to Brooks. Congrats to, to Brooks. Yeah. He was there. He was looking like he was having fun. Yeah. Great night. And Marlon's man. Congrats to Marlon's man. I'm not gonna say that. I will. He's, he just kept on texting me throughout the game being like, wish you were here. What is this? Oh, there's video play is crazy loud.


Wish you were here. And it's just a picture of him with a chick and then a picture of him with the Panther mascot. So didn't make any inappropriate comments about your mom Is the what what's the picture of the day? The picture contest winner? I Don't know. Do should I play the video he sent? This is, this is, oh, that's just a live. Alright, wait, hold on. Let me, let me replay this. If anyone's wondering if it was loud at the, at the, at the game tonight to win the Stanley Cup trophy. Like, here, here's, here's live. Our live reporter Marlon's Man.


Hear that. PFT It sounds pretty Loud. It's really loud. Let me just go and see if he maybe says something at the end. Oh wow. That is loud. That was loud. Confirm loud. Confirm, confirm. Confirm. Loud. Loud. Born.


Okay, let's kick it to ourselves. We got a lot of great show. Hank v Max. We have some NBA finals talk. We have JJ Spawn, George Kittle upon your take back in studio altogether. Okay. We're back in studio and brought to you by our friends at Gametime. Baseball is back. There's nothing like getting to a baseball game, especially last minute. Lucky for me, I always use Gametime. The official ticketing partner, Barstool Sports Gametime makes getting tickets faster and easier. Prices on the app actually go down the closer it gets to Showtime. Plus the Gametime picks feature makes it even easier to find the great deals on the seats you want Just pull up your chosen event and turn on the GT pick setting at the top of the screen. Or browse the best local Gametime picks deal near you on your Gametime app. Homepage. Cubs are home this week. Yeah, they are. Yeah. Playing Brewers, the Yellich and the Mariners. Yep. What we got wanna, Chris and Yellich had a bomb at Wrigley. You can watch for as cheap as $46 on the Gametime app. Okay. So go right now. You can put those savings back in your pocket and spend them at the ballpark on a hotdog, a new hat or some good old fashioned cracker Jack, what are you waiting for? Go buy those Cubs Brewers tickets now with Gametime Picks and take the guess work outta buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app. Create an account. Use code PMT for $20 off your first purchase. If you haven't used Gametime, we just got those Cubs tickets $26. So use it right now. Use code PMT $20 off terms apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for $20 off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? Gametime?


Okay boys. The Oklahoma City Thunder are one win away from the NBA title. And that was the JW game. Yeah. Jalen Williams. Incredible. 40. Yeah. 40 points. Second most in Thunder History in the finals. I think it was Russell Westbrook had 43 back in the 2010 finals. That was an awesome game from him. And that was exactly like, this is why the thunder is so scary. SG a's the MVP, he's 26 years old. Chet is 23 years old. JW is 24 years old. And he's had moments in these playoffs where it's like one great game, one game where he kind of isn't there. And it's, that's the progression of a young player.


But on Monday night he was there and he was phenomenal. Is That the most points ever scored by a guy that was drafted third in the same year by his own team? Mm. Like he was their third pick when they took him? That's a good question. In the NBA final I think it might be. It was, it was a great game on his part. SGA also wasn't bad. No. SGA was great, but it Was, it was, it was like it was a J Dub show. Should we, I think we, maybe we should think about having the conversation Batman robin. Yeah. Last night he was Batman. Yeah. And it was I that like, obviously this is the NBA finals. You have to win these games. The Pacers, there's no moral victories. I was kind of not shocked, but like the, the way they fought, I thought the game was over at halftime.


Tyrese Halliburton's hurt. He had zero field goals made. Stephen A. Smith said he was happy he was hurt. He corrected a little, he's like, I'm happy he, I know that he's hurt because he's sucking tonight. I Think Stephen A. Smith was happy he was hurt so that he could play solitary instead of having, having to watch the game. Yes. But it was the, the Pacers were right there. It was that sequence. I think it was like nine minutes left. It was 95, 93. And the thunder got an offensive rebound JW hit a hit a three. And then I believe it was Cason Wallace got a steal and dunk and it was like, oh, now it's back to a seven point game. And outside of, I mean, Tyrese Halliburton was, was bad. He, he's injured.


Remember he had a leg thing that Shams reported two games ago. So it seems like he might have aggravated the leg thing. I I feel like the Rick Carlisle, I don't know, maybe this is just one of those situations where he obviously knows his players better than anyone else. But TJ McConnell was a problem. I think he could not, the the thunder did not know what to do with him. And he, he should have, he should have kept with him. The question that I have for everyone else is, is TJ McConnell one of those guys that you can't play him that much because all he does is go 100% all the time. I think the, a fair question would be like, should we play TJ McConnell all the time? Because he is great at surprising you with how good he is. Yeah.


So if he's playing all the time, can you even be surprised that he's still cooking? The team was, the bases were definitely better when TJ McConnell was in last night and, and every time it got close it was because TJ McConnell was out there doing his Indiana Deli thing where he kind of does like the, the well-placed spin moves gets away from guys plays extremely hard. You gotta ask the que should Carlisle be yanking guys? I I think he's gotta start yanking guys. I think that like Halliburton Yes, he's your best player. The offense goes through him and when it goes through him, it, the offense is incredible to watch. But when he is limited, then it becomes, now you rely on guys who don't create their own shots. You rely on them having to create their own shots more. It doesn't work out as well.


Yeah. You need TJ McConnell. I just don't, I don't, I think TJ McConnell is one of those guys that he just, you can't play him 35 minutes. 'cause then you lose the TJ McConnell because every single time TJ McConnell, he'll sprint down the court with the ball, go into the lane, either shoot or make a decision to get someone else's shot. They score and then he's sprinting trying to steal the ball in the inbounds. Yeah. And it's like you can't, part of why he works is that he never ever lets up. And I don't know how much gas he has. I also thought AKA only playing 33 minutes, AKA was a pro. The thunder had no answer for AKA either. I think that you should play TJ if, if Halliburton's gonna continue to be hurt, you play TJ at home, you give him heavy minutes at home, gotta let him because you, you let him, you let him feed off that crown.


There was one point, I think it was, it was either Holmgren or maybe Hartenstein, but he got fouled by TJ got fouled pretty hard. And then he turned around and he was like, it was an honor to be fouled by you, sir. Yeah. And we adapt each other up. It was like that. I appreciate you going balls out. But that was also great crowd game for Oklahoma City. Yeah. Great crowd game. Oh, oh, The stripe out. Yeah, The stripe out was awesome. They didn't sit down for the entire game. It was loud as fuck. Even at one point, like when things weren't going well for the Oklahoma City Thunder, the crowd just never stopped chanting OKC. Yeah. Even when like most crowds would be like, oh fuck it. We're about to The Pacers about to do their pacer thing. Yeah. Loud city, right?


Is that what they were calling it? Loud City like that? I think They were calling it Loud City. They had, they had Red Panda at halftime. They showed the intros before the game, which again, bullying works. It's, I, at some point Adam Silver has to stand up to the internet. Like he, we, we just bully him left and Right. Yeah. Roger just, We just complain about something. He's like, yeah, you know what, we'll, we'll make that fix. Roger Goodell would never change a single thing ever, ever, ever. He would just make it worse. Probably If he did, we would have the throat slash back. Yeah. He's like, okay, well I'm gonna make the, I'm gonna make the NBA finals logo on the court. Slipperier. Yeah. Yeah. So the thunder I do, we think they would, they closed it out in six. I think statistically if you're just going based off history, it's like 80%.


But then you add in the fact that Halliburton is not healthy right now. That's the part where I'm like, 'cause if Halliburton was a hundred percent, I would have the Pacers in game six. I would think this is going seven. Either way, this has been a phenomenal series. Like that was a great game. It was a two point game with nine minutes left and it was, it it just fun basketball being played. So before the game, did you see the clip of SGA signing autographs? No. He signed 429 autographs before the game. He signed autographs for everybody that brought him something to sign. And there was a, someone was videoing the whole thing and Then Darren Revelle was like, okay, I'm out of merchandise to let somebody else try. Yeah. Somebody videoed the entire thing. If you're the Indiana Pacers, if I were you guys, I would show up.


I would bring like 20,000 people wearing thunder jerseys to the arena and have SGA try to sign 20,000 autographs before the game. Yeah. Tire tires, foul shooting handout. You Just need, yeah. This is actually a crazy video. What a guy. It's, It's nuts. Right? What a guy. How, I mean, at some point your hand has to get tired. It's the most Canadian thing ever. You're playing in an NBA finals game. He This is, this is a cr What a guy. Here You go. Here's your autograph. Okay, now have a great day. Take care. Oh, you want another one? You want another Signer? Yeah. When we were talking about S G's, great voice. Yeah. It's actually just super Canadian. I actually don put with John Hancock. I, I don't like, I think his voice is too deep. I've said this. I I, I think, I think he's got the, the, the voice of a seven footer.


I think we should just pretend that he's got like a Canadian hockey voice. Yeah, that would work. Just every time he talks I'm like, oh, I, that guy's not seven feet. He's six. Six. So you guys think it's over? Yeah. I think, well You've said it's over. Yeah. Ever after every game. I think it might be over. The Pacers have had two golden opportunities the last two games that they've kind of squandered. Yeah. You Know what, you know what though? Every single time, this is the first time that the Pacers have been trailing in a series all playoffs, which is kind of crazy. True. I think, I think the Pacers are gonna figure out how to win win at home. I don't know how, I think maybe we get a TJ McConnell game. I think we just sent him out there and we're like, we're gonna empty TJ's personal tank on this one. That was The game to do it though. They, they, yeah. They had the momentum with him.


I agree. You can't do it all the time. But if Hal Burton's out and he was clearly the spark. He was a, like they should have, they should have died with him last night and they didn't. The thunders defense. I, it shouldn't have been a question of should we have played him or not. The Thunders defense is incredible and TJ McConnell was ripping them up. Yeah. They had No answer. And they took 'em up for the last, like six or whatever the, the crucial six mo six minutes when they lost the game. Yeah. I They turned the ball over like seven times in a row. I think that the, I if I'm going, if we're going off the, the series I've mentioned many times, 'cause it actually is now we're five games through and it's almost identical to the Nuggets Thunder series. It would be Nuggets, it would be the, the Pacers winning Game six and then the, and then the Thunder winning in seven. I listen, I'd love for it to go Seven.


It's just that every time we count the Pacers out, they manage to do something crazy. Yeah. Although I think the Thunder are gonna win this series. I think so too. So I think that's, I guess that's ultimate counting them out, right? I think so too. But, and I have no reason to to believe that they're gonna win game six, but I somehow do, you know, like I've seen it enough from them where they can figure out a way to do it. Rick Carlisle's a great coach. Yeah. He's one of the best coaches in the league and he has been for a long time. They're gonna figure out some weird thing. I think J TJ McConnell, you can't guard me with the spin moves. You have to guard me. What TJ McConnell yelled at the Oklahoma City Thunder after he hit a wide open three. That's fair. He also is, I know because of his height and maybe his complexion, people are like, oh, TJ McConnell, how's he doing?


He is super athletic. Yeah. Like, he's so fast. Well, It's tricky because he is, he's literally coach's son. Yeah. He's so shifty. So, so he can start being like, yeah, look at this guy's sneaky athletic coach's son. Grit. Fundamentally sound student of the game. You can do all those. But he's also insanely, if he was, if TJ McConnell was Australian, I think people would put a little bit more respect on his name. Yeah. If he had like an exotic accent. I just, I walked away from that game being like, holy shit. The thunder are what we've said all along the like, is this gonna be their worst dynasty? Is this gonna be their worst championship in the dynasty? Because Jalen Williams taking that next step in an NBA finals game. It's crazy how like, if they have SGA and Jalen Williams doing this and, and Chet maybe putting on 15 pounds, I don't know how.


And it's just so many guy, they Caruso leads the NBA finals all time and steals off the bench. That's just what they do. They bring it. They're like, oh, you, you know, you think this is a problem? Watch this pit bull come in and just fucking harass the shit outta everyone. And Last night was when they really looked like a historic defense. Yeah. They, they've had moments before and certainly like the regular season and in the playoffs they've had incredible, this was their like signature game in the finals in terms of putting their defense out there. I don't, I know that in sports day game End of game four too. We ha Which was incredible. We Have to talk about everything that it's like, it's historic. Yeah. And they did have a historic regular season. Their defense was, was great.


But when you talk about like the best of all time defense, I don't, I get a little annoyed when I hear that. Yeah. Because you think of some great, like as far as I'm the Pistons. Yeah. When they had the gentleman sweep. That to me is the best defense of all time. Yeah. I mean there's, I mean some of the Bulls dynasty years were insane defenses. There's Yeah. It's a different league now. Yeah. It's a different league. Okay. We wanna do Hot Seat Chitter own and then we'll get to our interviews. We've got JJ Spawn us Open Champion and, and George Kittle our good friend. Hey. Yeah. Put on these shirts. Pt, you got one? Oh yeah. Go boys. Let's Hot Seat chill. We got a lot to get to in a Hot Seat. Chill Terone. A lot of different sports. All right. Hot Seat chill.


Terone.


Hot Seat chill. Terone, you're seeing us put on these shirts right now, brought to you by Body Armor. This segment is brought to you by Body Armor Sports drink this summer. Cool off with body armor. Chill. A bold new way to hydrate with no artificial dyes, flavors or sweeteners. Enjoy a new refreshing cooling sensation in three impossibly cold flavors. Frozen berry, frozen cherry and frozen orange with body armor. Chill. Available for a limited time. Grab yours at seven 11 or store near you. Wow. We look good. We look good boys.


Hot Seat. Chill throne. Hank. He's putting, he's buttoning. He's buttoning. Yeah. My Hot Seat is myself. Oh Shit. Why? We alluded to it last week on the show, but the, the, the video is out. The Barstool Basketball League Association game. State Farm. It was my team versus Max's team. I would say Vegas had us at like a minus 300 going into the game. We were probably heavily, I'd say than More than that. Way more than that. Way more than that. Who's on your team? My team was me, Dana Beers, Danny Conrad. Oh, double in high school. And Ella. Griff. Okay.


And who was on Max's Team? Max's team was Max the wonton. Don, Stephanie and Spider. Mm. Okay. Okay. And so, yeah, I would say you guys were, you guys were the one seed, they were the eight seed in this tournament, by the way. Just it, it hurt me. This took place two weeks ago. It hurt me that we had to sit on this because all I wanted to do was get Max hit a game winner in Hank's Eye. Nope. Not in my eye. False. You were on the court. I was on the court. Okay. Did you See it? No. Yeah, you did. He was boxing out. Max hit a game winner in Hank's eye And we had to sit there and, and not talk about it for two weeks when all I wanted to do was talk about it because my boy Max, he is him.


He is built different. He Double dribbled. But it wasn't, it was a good shot. It was clutch. No, I, So I Watched the replay of the alleged double dribble. It was identical to win. Steph Curry does that thing where he, he pretends to put his hand on the ball and keeps dribbling to make somebody bite on a fake when he does it. It's like, oh, this is witchcraft. We've never seen a player with handles like this before. When Max does it, you try to become a, a deputized official at home. And it's disrespectful to Max's game because that was a sick move that he put on you. Yeah. I'm actually honored. 'cause that's just unbelievable. Loser talk from everyone. From big, from everyone trying to say double drill. It is loser talk. It's Loser talk. Its time. So just so people who didn't watch, go watch because we got a bunch of games coming up. P ft and I are on the same team.


It's great basketball. Great basketball. The BBL. The BBL. Nope. BBLB. B-A-B-B-A. So it, it's games to 11, not win by two. Hank's team was up 10 to six. All they needed was a bucket. It's not make it take it either. So if you, if they Max's team scores a, a bucket Hank's team gets it. They have Dana, they have Hank basically a professional basketball team. I had a free throw to win too. Hank went Over for one from the line. He went, oh. For eight from three Kept shooting up. We're Looking at the box. Did you see the box right now? Did I see that Data? I saw, I saw the box here. No, Y's bunny did not data. Right, right, Right, right, right. Bunny Y's Bunny Y's bunny. Three for 12. From, from the field.


Three turnovers, costly turnovers, costly, Really bad turnovers. What Happened with over for eight from the three? Because you a lot of those, you were not guarded at all. Yeah, I went over a from three. I did not make one. Ah, I missed eight. And Max is not Max. What would you say? Basketball's like your like 10th best sport. Yeah. It's not one of my, it's not one of my best sports. I'd like to say that I can compete out there. But you Filled up the stat sheet though. Yeah. I You're Efficient. Game three for six. And you were what, one for two from three. Three for six 50% Boards. 10 boards, one for two from three. That's Can I, can I throw a spin zone for a guy, Hank? Yeah. He, he needs one bad. All right, here's the spin zone.


All right. So yeah, the game sucked. Max hit. Oh, game winning three in your eye. Max barely plays basketball. You play and train basketball all the time. But were you not trying to dunk? Were you not trying to dunk you were training basketball. That's, that's Literally training basketball. Literal training basketball. You spent a year training basketball. Not a year. You trained basketball. Okay. You're Right. You, you, so you train basketball Max. It's not even, he doesn't even think of it as like, if you're like, Hey, give us your best sports. It's like, yeah, he's gotta take off his shoes to count to the basketball and socks. But the spin zone is Hank, at least during this game, you didn't basically beat up a girl. That wasn't me. Oh Wait. Yeah, you did. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You kind of did. You ran her over, you ran her over.


I blocked her. Did she block you? No. Oh. Did you step over? No, I thought that there was you, you blocked her and then you lost. Like, and Then I tried to hold her up from falling and then she fell and then I tried to pick her up and she was like, don't ever fucking touch me again. I love That. That was amazing. That was great. You shoved her to the ground. Shout out to that. I did not shove her to the ground. Dana be's, like almost max knocked Ella, Griff through Earth's core. That's not true. She bounced. Like there's still a, there's a, and there's a dent in the court. That was a, from how hard she hit the ground, a flop. I was going Rebound. Max Stomach hit her fucking head and she got a concussion. Oh, She, she tried to get in the paint.


It was such a great game. I'm so happy for you, max. The whole, the whole crowd was rooting for you. Oh, it Was. I cannot stress the upset this was. And the people, the people at home, they have no idea The upset that that happened on this court. Like Dana and Hank were both looked at as two of the best players in the entire Yeah. League You Were the, you were Big Cat. Big Cat was like calling protests to the whole thing. Because somehow they got, they got on the same team. Jerry, Jerry drafted. Max won. Overall Second. Overall second Overall. 'cause he For vibes. Yeah. For vibes. And Then there ended up being trades. Yeah. My team was literally tanking. Yeah. My team was literally tanking against the team that the rest of the entire tournament was upset that, that they somehow got together.


We Were like, this team is the, is the best team. Because the way the draft went down, it's like, how did Hank how did Dana fall to three? Because Jerry took Max's second. Wow. In your eye. Hank Hank, how did you feel about the entire office rooting against you? I'm used to that. Everyone here hates me. I love you. I I It is, it was bad. It was, there was nothing. It was such a bad choke. I had a free throw to literally win the game. I completely, oh, I forgot about that. Yeah. I completely free throw. Mentally checked out. I was like, this is a formality. You know, we're gonna score. It's not if it's when this game is over. I counted my chickens before they hatched Max, you know, double Dred didn't get the call.


Smart Play Loser talk. It was a clutch shot. I'm, I'm very happy it wasn't in my eye. Yeah, that soon Your eye was Open. So much worse. I do have real spins over for you. Ready? Yeah. Okay. Tough, tough couple days for you. Max hitting the game winner in your eye. You falling asleep during the US open? I never talk about naps again, by the way. Never. You, you're banned from talking about naps. Are We big nap talking guys Every fucking golf tournament of all time's. Like, okay, wait for Sunday to take my nap. That's, it's usually Saturday. It's usually every podcast you guys ever done. I don't think that we've taken, just didn't realize there was so many strict rules and regulations. It's Not a rule. Regulations. You are, You're also the golf guy.


Yeah. You're a golf expert. Yeah. We don't take naps during NFL games. Okay. Alright. So can, and I get to My, The rain delays. Can I get to my spin zone? Sure. They don't Rain delay. NFL games. So You've had, you've had a, a tough couple days PFC and I have decided to get you a tee time and a flight to Pebble Beach. Wow. So we're gonna send you to Pebble Beach this weekend. Wow. Yeah. Yep. Wow. Yep. And we talked to your dad. He's gonna come too. We paid for him as well. That's awesome. So, I mean, that's pretty nice of us, right? Triple lifetime. Wow. Thank you guys. Yeah. We wanted you to have a nice trip.


So, so we paid all expenses. Paid Pebble Beach. Juneteenth. Hank does Pebble Beach. Yeah. Thank you guys. Are you excited guys? I'm so excited. Can you do it? Can you drop everything? I'm fired. You go. I'm, yeah. I'll have to check some things, but I think I can actually make that work. You Leave it at 7:00 AM tomorrow morning. Yeah. I hope that's okay. We had to move around a lot of stuff. Thank you guys called in all the favors that we had. That's amazing. My, my day has turned around. Yep. And then next week you're gonna love this too. Next week we're gonna have you play in the Ryder Cup. Wow. We created a whole golf tournament just for you. Yeah. It was gonna be, well, there was some talk about who was gonna get to play, who wasn't gonna get to play. And we said, sorry Francis, you're out. Hank's in. Yeah. That's exciting. A lot of golf. I'm excited. I'm excited. It's gonna be, you wanna say thank you to us?


I thank you so much. I love you guys. Can't be mad at us anymore. No, I never was. Well, you're mad at us about the max stuff and you were mad about Max hitting it in your eye. Yeah. And then also, I know that you wanted to be in the dozen this week, but we took care of that. You're not gonna play. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So no trivia. And you get to golf. Wow. Pebble Beach. That's a dream. You're going To Pebble Beach, Buddy. That's a dream. I will say it is being 32 now, it's like I, I used to be irrationally confident about my athletic abilities and it bothered me when I, you know, I'm bad. I don't really care as much anymore. Like, I, I've just accepted being like, it's like I wanted to get more mad at myself, but it's like, yeah, I'm 32.


I might just be an absolute joke of an athlete. PFT and I were on the same team. We were the oldest team by far. 'cause Steven Sha was on our team as well. So it's two 40 year olds and I think Steve Chase's 39. We had the conversation before. We were like, Hey, we wanna win this thing, but we also need to not get injured. Yeah. Because I was thinking like, hypothetically, That's the Priority. You guys might surprise me with a trip to Pebble and like, I can't, like if I get injured for that, I will literally want to die. Right. Never let it down. Yeah. It, it is kind of liberating reaching that, that spot where you're okay with looking like an idiot pro deployed sports, right. Where you're like, okay, yeah. I'm not as good as at one point I thought I could be And it's also like we, I I just, I just keep going back like, hey, we're, we're 40 and we're still out there doing it. Yeah. We're competing.


Yeah. That, that deserves some credit. Like just going out there and competing 32, I mean, that's whatever Pebble you had to, you had to say healthy for Pebble. Do you think, do you think that thought crosses Aaron Rogers' brain at all? Like, ah, I just don't want to get hurt. Yeah. You know, like, who, who am I trying to impress? Definitely. I'm 41 years old. I just want to go out there and, you know, show the world that that old guys can still get out on a Field. There should be a rule in like all sports if you like a a 40-year-old touchdown counts for an extra point. Yeah. It's like, how are you still doing it? 300 pound plus touchdown should be more. Yep. Facts. Okay. Your chill drum. Oh wow. That was a long Hot Seat. Yeah. Well these Pictures are incredible. The show hit you with the show. Was that spider he'd hit you With spider pt? Laughing. Smiling as as wide as I've ever seen him smile.


Where, where? In the background. Oh, was that me? Oh no, I tweeted one too. There's one where you, you were closer. Oh yeah. That's fake news. You were really Smiling. I was, I was real broke up. I just kept on running around behind Max being like, he's him. My boy is him. Just in all time results. I I was about to say it's not Personal hands. Oh yeah. That, no, that, that smile's personal. That's not me though. Yeah. That I think that's, That's you. I think That's you right in the back. That's me. Yeah. That's, that's a personal smile Zoom computer that's personal. Glee enhance you. You have, you're having the time of your life. I mean, It was a great joke. I thought that I was on the other side. That could be me. Yeah, that's you. And you're having the time of your life.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's me. Oh, that's his personal as Kids. That was Personal. Yeah. I just wanna let you know, Hank my happiness after was 1000% personal. Yeah, no, I know. I know, I know. And that's, you know, I'm happy to provide a moment. It's like, you know, the, the, the haters won this one. They've been winning a lot. Well, it Was just like, but Pebble Beach. But Pebble Beach. Mine wasn't, I mean, you guys, that's the I can't, that's unbelievable. That's so, so much personal. That's just me enjoying a historical moment. The free throw is so bad. Oh, So bad. The free throw is so bad. It's all, that's all it took. And at that point I was like, all right, let's Just say That. Alright, we moved on. Now let's chill. Throw. Oh, honestly, we should have talked about it more.


'cause I've been waiting for two weeks to talk about this. Just The turnovers were really, really what? Yeah. What just Yeah. You had some bad ones. Some Bad ones. Really bad ones. The free throw usually like drop the ball one time. Oh, For eight from three is almost hard To do. Oh Yeah. How many, nah, that's not true. No. Hard. Keep watching. Keep keep keep tuning in and tell me if that's Oh, for eight's gonna be pretty fucking good. Did you, when all things are said and done, Did you at some point think maybe I should have worn more bracelets? No. I, I probably should have taken the bracelets off. Why did You have so many bracelets On? I just had 'em on. I didn't take 'em off. I wasn't You look like You're, you're about to do like, the opening set at Bonnaroo. What the fuck? Yeah. Yeah. That it's a bad, it was a bad fit. Has Billy Strings been getting in the way of your athletics? I guess. I don't know. Yeah. I I'm just not athletic. It's, it's over.


Yeah. Good thing you spent a year training for this moment. Training basketball. Okay. Chill throne. My chill throne is Joe Chestnut. Yeah. Yes. He's back. He's officially as of Monday competing again in the Nathan's hotdog eating contest. So Good. I feel like it was, I feel like he committed to something else. He Was thinking, I think what I thought I saw a report, like he was doing something in St. Louis. Whoa. What I think was, and I think everyone got mad. Yeah. And then that must have, We're gonna have, we'll have him on before because he is the goat. We've said it before, but everyone should think they're lucky stars. They were alive at the same time as Joey Chestnut, the most dominant athlete of all time. I think he was setting up a competing event and Nathan's probably blinked being like, fuck, everyone's gonna watch Joey.


I'm gonna watch Joey. It's July 4th. He released a statement yesterday saying that like he, it was, he never lost his love for the dogs. He just entered into a partnership with a plant-based company last year. Yeah. And while he has continued that, that professional relationship, the hotdog competition means more to him. Yeah. So he's gonna find a way to make it work this year. And guess what? He's gonna smoke 'em. Oh, he's Gonna put on a show. He's gonna smoke 'em. I Wanna see all time record. It feels good. It feels like 4th of July. We missed the 4th of July. Now we're Back. It's gotten to the point where I, I would be disappointed if I don't get to see a record from Joey Chestnut. I'd agree. It's like Joey's not just taking on every other eater in the world. He's taking on history. History, yeah. Himself. And it is rare.


It's like him, Usain Bolt. You could say this about both guys when you're watching them compete. Michael Phelps, Michael maybe. Yeah. Maybe Michael Phelps. But when you're watching Joey Chestnut eat, he is the best eater. Not just in the world. He's the best eater to ever live on planet Earth. Nobody has ever been able to eat like him. Nobody probably ever will like outta the billions of people that have ever existed. He's top dog. Yeah. Mondo. We could be so Lucky to Mondo to see, but yeah, Mondo and Joey Chestnut. Two goats. Yeah. Alright. PFD. Your Hot Seat. Chiron. My Hot Seat was gonna be Hank, but we already covered that a little bit. So my Hot Seat is Jay Monaghan. Oh the, the leader of the PGA tour because he is stepping down, he's, his contract's not being renewed at the end of this year.


And instead they're getting Brian Rollup from the NFL. Brian Rollup is gonna step into golf. He was on the short list of people that were gonna succeed. Roger Goodell. Oh. After he left. So there's a major coup by golf to get a top name. But I also read that don't count. Brian olap out bouncing back to the NFL after he is done straightening golf. So I, the wheels started to turn a little bit. What's the biggest challenge facing golf right now? Big Cat. Hmm. I would say getting everyone to play in one league. Yes. So the blueprint that's in place? Yes. The framework that's in place. He's being brought in I think in large part to figure out that framework make a deal so that Liv and PGA, they get back together after they announced, like a year and a half ago that they were merging.


And then for the NFL, one of the biggest problems they're having is you're running outta guys that can afford to buy NFL teams that don't already have an NFL team. Yep. One of the outlets for that could be allowing, I like where it going? Foreign an investment funds in, he's gonna go over to the PGA, figure out how to play nice with the Saudis. And then he is gonna come back to the NFL in a few years and be like, okay, we're opening up the potential investors and NFL teams to foreign investment funds. Like, hey, so Saudis, come play ball with us in golf. Let me fix golf. And on the backend I'll let you buy a franchise. Yes. I'll let you And I'm the commissioner. I'll let you own own NFL team. I'm gonna introduce you to American Sports.


We're gonna figure out how to navigate sports media without killing any of the journalists. Once you can prove that you're good at that, then we're gonna bring you into the NFL. I like it. That's, that's where I see this going eventually. I Also love that like commissioners of leagues, there's like a, a pool of like 10 guys that they pick from. Yeah. Like there's, you know, he's gonna go to golf and go back to the NFL. It's like Gary Bettman started in the NBA and then he was like third in command and then went to the NHL. It's like we only have so many guys we could pick from. Yeah. I went to school to be commissioner. Yeah. And that now I've got experience being a commissioner. Right. I, I think that being the CEO of the PGA tour, probably a dream job. I would say. So I would say more of a dream job than being commissioner of the NFL Commissioner of the NFL Dream salary.


Yeah. You paid Dream 40 million. 44 million To just be a punching bag. Yeah. But if you're the, the CEO of the PGA tour, you're just, you're hanging out on the course all Day. What about dream job? You actually, you actually also have power. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What about Dream Job? Being the producer of the number one sports podcast and getting a free trip to Pebble Beach? By Far, I mean, that's just beyond truly a dream. Even truly true. Pretty, Pretty unbelievable. A free trip. A free trip. A free trip. Free trip to Belle Beach. We booked the tee top. We did this like two months ago thinking, you know what, if we play a basketball competition, max will most likely hit a game winning three in Hank's Eye. It was such a good moment. It was such, it was such a good moment. Such a go watch it if you haven't already. Watch it. My cool throne is Chill Throne.


Chill throne. My chill throne is Ping. Oh, college World Series. Yeah. Baseball bats. Yes. College World Series has been awesome. Shout out Gage Wood, an all time name guy. Pitcher for Arkansas. Struck out 19 people. 19. And he threw a no hitter. Right? No hitter. Third no hitter in the College World Series. I think he hit one guy, right? Yes. But besides that, it was a perfect game. Yeah. I actually think that if you throw 19 strikeouts and you hit one guy and throw a no hitter, that is the perfect game. I Think they had an error as well. Oh, they before they hit before you hit a guy, but yeah. Unbelievable. 19 strikeouts. Awesome. It's pretty incredible. And it was against Murray State. Yep. Racers. So shout out to the racers at Murray State.


Cinderella runs over, they were an easy team to root for their coach. Cut the grass up the field. Yep. It was kind of cool to see them in it, but Yeah. College baseball and with, with the MLB and NIL College baseball is way better than it used to be. Yeah. Because you got more guys playing college ball, making money there instead of going to play in the, in the minor league. So yeah. The World Series has been great so far. Yes, it has. It's been awesome. Alright. My Hot Seat is Kevin Durant because it came out that Kevin Durant's preferred trade destination was New York, but the Knicks didn't have the same level of interest. You can't let that get out. Yeah. You can't let that get out. I think, I think James Dolan needed a dub.


Yeah. That was a quick, He was sick of getting sick, of getting rejected. So he had to be like, oh, just FYI, Kevin Durant wants to play here, but we said, no, we don't need you. Yeah. And we also have the, the shams body language experts out being like, did you see what he, the look he gave when they mentioned the Spurs as a landing spot for Kevin Durant. So everyone thinks he's going to the Spurs. I can't wait. Shams Being a little cheeky with it. He kind of looked at the camera, gave a little smile. It looked like he like said it to Shumpert before. Yeah. Was And then he was like maybe mad, like you were not supposed to say that. Yeah, but he's, yeah, he is like, oh yeah. Oh, he looked right into the camera. Like He told Shumpert like off the record, he's gonna the Spurs and Shumpert's, like, I think he's gonna go to the Spurs.


Yeah. And, and Shas just like, what the fuck? Yeah. He was like, that's my scoop. Windhorse Windhorse hair is just, ugh. He's The best. You see windy watching the game on a laptop. Love that. Yeah. Love it. Yeah. Just grinding it out backstage Ball his life. Alright. Couple other chil drones quick. I actually, the, the, the article came out about devs being an asshole. What do you think Hank? I think that's just the, the ownership. I think it's, they just doing that. It's a smear job. Yeah. Because it, it's an SAM Job. It was a total Smear job. It's a smear job. Wouldn't Sear job Wouldn't say he wouldn't take ground balls. Hank He wouldn't. He when one of what your rookies said he would play first base after Des said he wouldn't and then Des got mad at him for being like, why would you say that? Why would you play first?


I, it's, it's, I feel like there's some truth to both sides, but I feel like this is, you know, the, the ownership has done this before, so it's like hard. It's hard to the smear job. Yeah. Believe everything they're saying. You gotta take it with a grain of salt. Yeah. Des needs to get his smear job going the other way. Let Me ask you this, Hank, if the Mookie bets thing hadn't happened, would you still be taking Deborah's side in this? No, not necessarily. Yeah, Those Are now it's like a pattern. Yeah, Definitely. Yeah. Yeah. It's Been a pattern. Also real quick, angel Reese getting the copyright for me bounds. Kind of a cool move. Yeah. I like it. Own. That's a, that's a like making fun of yourself. Move own It. Yeah. Yeah. Me bounds is a great phrase. And then finally my last Terone, MLB doing it right.


They're going back to the regular uniforms for the All-Star game, which I love. Okay. So they're not doing the weird, everyone wears the same uniform. Everyone's wearing their home or road uniform. Their, which I, I think is so much better. They're wearing the same cap. I don't know if they're wearing the same Cap logos, old school logos. Those, So these, these are every uniform that's the home run derby uniform and like what the guys will be wearing during the home run derby. And then when they're actually playing the MLB All-Star game this year, they'll be playing their own, they'll be wearing their own jerseys, which I think is so much better. Yeah. They should put the old the, the league logos on the jerseys too. You think so? Yeah. Those are Great. A LNL. Yeah.


Playing for League Pride. Yeah. Yeah. Or just a patch or something. Like, it's kinda like a, oh it looks Like they're wearing their own. They might be wearing their own hats. I like that. Yeah. No, the like the National League. There's a National League logo and American League logo. Yeah. The old school one. Yeah. Yeah. That you're talking about. Yeah. I dunno if I mentioned this on the show, but when I was in Milwaukee, all the brewers, like almost every single brewer when I walked by said, Christian Yell is gonna win the home run derby this year. Yeah, You did. But it, I I it needs to be repeated. It's 'cause it needs to get me more scared. It's disgusting. Yeah. Alright, Zach, your Hot Seat chill thrown. I do Have a Hot Seat. Chill tone for you today. Big Cat. My Hot Seat today would be arena football, lead fat punter. Getting absolutely leveled. Yes. After his punt Crushed.


Destroyed Almost, but not really crushed. He just fell really hard. 'cause he's Fat. I mean he, they popped the top helmet off. Yeah. Face down in the turf. But I don't think he got hit that hard. The big guy fall hard. He falls really hard. The gravity just, just TAs Him like kind of just got pushed and then it destroyed Him. It was a blindside block. They threw a flag on it. Right. But it wasn't, that wasn't like a, well he got pushed by another fat so he, the guy wasn't moving that fast. Gotta fat on fat crying. Gotta keep Your neck on his swivel. I love this. They should just have an arena league that's just 300 pounders only and playing skill positions would be awesome. Okay. Good. Hot Seat chill throne. I do have a chill throne for you as well.


Mini camp week for the ram is coming up. They're gonna Maui. Oh, I think that's a fantastic place to be. This time of year. I believe the weather. This week's gonna be 80 and sunny. Wow. I don't like it. It's soft though. Actually I stunning outside. I don't Like It's soft. Don't you think that's soft? Soft. Yeah. Well, I mean that's, you're gonna Hawaii for mini camp. That seems like a lot of vacation. Although mini camp's not like, it's not training camp. I mean there's gonna be a lot of football put in on field at the That's actually, But also you got, you gotta, I think there's at TV tours, you know there's sea turtle tours For five might be a good move for future For ate some, like some tan If they do this every year. This Is kinda like our version of the Green Briar in West Virginia. Just absolutely no distractions. I mean They look like they're having the time.


The best time ever. Yeah. I'm gonna call It right out. Soft Morale's at all time high here though. Softball team bonding. Get the boys together. That's not, that's not grit. That's not football. Here's The thing that's on the field. This is off field. I fully Acknowledge the fact that OTAs are like not that useful. You go out there, you meet your teammates, you do like a little bit of work. It doesn't need to be held like held in a cell where you're, where you're kept in prison while you do OTAs. But also at the same time I see this and I'm like, that's not old school Football. Could you, Zach, let me throw this out there. Okay. Like imagine like this podcast, football podcast. First and foremost we have grit week. We, we we, that's what we do. Imagine if we did like a chill week where we just hung out and like golfed and like hung out in California somewhere and swam and boated and stuff.


I think that's great balance. It'd be great for vibe. Fantastic balance. Oh you know, what's that good idea? Let's heads on Let's chill week this year. Good idea. Let's do It. Chill week. Great. Great call. Hank, we got you another gift. No way. Yeah. Chill week in Tahoe. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. You liked Lake Tahoe Last year. We gonna do it more golf. It's for you. It's For more golf after. Right after the Ryder Cup. Here's another thing, here's another thing. Hank, you are going to get to compete in a long drive competition. Wow. Yeah. Yep. That's exciting. It's incredible. And that's exciting. Another opportunity. You're Gonna be competing against a guy that has been told by a swing coach to not hit driver at all. Oh, false. In preparation for It.


That's not what we said. Well what did we say? Driver is a reward. Yeah. Driver Is reward. Get I get to hit driver If I hit every other club like 20 times each. It's Like my giving my kids gummy worms. Yep. For after dinner. Eat your, Yeah, eat your dinner and then you get dessert. Yeah. Eat. I have to eat all my vegetables first. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. Good. Hot Seat chit own boys. Let's do our interviews. We got JJ Bond, us Open champion and then our good friend George Kid will talk a little football and we'll finish with pardon your take


Before We get to JJ Spawn, he's brought to you by Experian. We're gonna take a moment to talk about BFFs. Hank, who is your BFF on the pod? I would have to go with the con man memes. Why the conman Tweet? That's BFFs what I call 'em. Oh Memes. Who's your BFF on the pod? I'm going go with Max. Max. Who's your BFF? I'm gonna go with my friend Hank. Oh wow. Hank got one. Zach, who's your BFF on the pod. That would be Big Cat. Love that. Thank you Zach. Big Cat. Who's Your B fff on the pod? I got two. It's Zach and also Hank. Okay. My BFF on the pod is nobody 'cause nobody picked me On the pod. There's one BFF who always looks out for you. Introducing your big financial friend Experian. Experian has a bunch of legit ways to help you save and get this, the Experian app lets you check your FICO score and a bunch more totally. B, f, F things to help you manage your finances. Bet your other BFFs can't do all that, huh? Experian is here to support you in making smart financial decisions and maximizing your financial potential. Get started by downloading the Experian app at no cost. Let your big financial friend help you take control of your financial future. Get started by downloading the Experian app today. Download that Experian app today. It will be your BFF, even if nobody else is.


And JJ Spas also brought to you by State Farm and basketball. The great players don't just do it alone. They have teammates, coaches, and a solid support system behind them. It's kind of like insurance because let's face it, a lot of us probably aren't great at doing that alone either. That's where State Farm comes in. State Farm is a teammate always ready to assist, help you find the coverage that you need and help you recover from the unexpected, from Fender benders to storm damage or even just a question about your policy. State Farm is there to help provide an assist when you need it through the State Farm Mobile app. A network of 19,000 local agents and online@statefarm.com. So don't just go at it alone when you need help protecting what matters most. State Farm is there. State Farm with the assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state. And now here's JJ Spawn.


Okay, we now welcome on a very, very, very special guest. He is the US Open Champion JJ Spawn. JJ, thank you for joining us. Let's start with how that feels to be called the, the US Open Champion. Has it fully set in yet? It's Tuesday morning. I assume the check hasn't cleared, clears on Wednesdays, but has it set in that you are now forever a US Open champion? Yeah, I think so. It's been, you know, a little over 36 hours I would say to kind of let it all sink in. But kind of doing the whole media runs, you know, seeing, waking up next to the trophy the last couple mornings, it's, it's starting to sink in, but it's, it's definitely surreal.


Still gotta pinch myself sometimes. Yeah, it's, It's pretty great. So waking up next to the trophy, are you sleeping with the trophy? No. My, my wife would not allow that. She, she's, she's, you know, the trophy, the real trophy. That's A good answer. Good answer. Yeah, I know, I know how, you know, that goes with wive, so I gotta say the right things. But yeah, no, she, the, the trophy's been right there on the nightstand. Wake up next to it every morning and, you know, it's, it's something that you always dream of doing, having this wonderful trophy to, to kind of carry around and show off. Yeah, It is kind of cool. Like I, I know that when I got a new car, I would just sometimes walk away from the car and just like look at it in the parking lot. Oh yeah. Did you just find yourself stopping in your house and just like looking at the trophy?


Oh yeah. Like I'm just staring at all the names, looking at all the details. I mean this trophy's 120 plus years old, so it's, it's incredible to have it in my hands. Alright, so I have a question about the trophy then we want to talk about your final round at Oakmont. A mutual friend of ours tipped me off to this question, so it's a two part question. The first is, how many Monster Energy drinks did you drink on Sunday before the final round? And then how many Monster Energy, energy drinks fit into the trophy? I dunno if you can guess who the mutual friend is. Jimmy Rena? Yes. Jim. Jim Renner. Yeah. Out outta nowhere texted me this, he didn't even know we were having you on. He just texted me on Monday morning.


He's like, you have to ask JJ how many, how many monsters energy drinks he drank on Sunday. I was like, dude, we don't even have 'em scheduled yet. But he knew so, so how many Monster Energy drinks? Oh man. Well, it's a funny story. I don't drink white, white can monster energy drinks like, like Renner does. But we were, we were actually chatting about it. I think it could fit, you know, what are they tall boys? I I think you could fit four in there. We know it fits about eight IPA cans, you know, the, the whatever, 1216 ouncers. So, but yeah, it's, it's super funny renter. We have this story where I was traveling, we were traveling on the Korn Ferry tour together, you know, back in 2016.


And we were staying at the same hotel. So we, we shared a car ride to the course. It was like 5:00 AM we had early tee time and he goes, you know, and his boss asked and he is like, yeah, I gotta stop at the gas station, you know, I was like, all right, let's go get a coffee. Or I was thinking, he's gonna get coffee grabs an orange juice. I'm like, okay, good start. And then a white monster. I'm like, what are you doing? Like making a monster mimosa or something. He's like, nah, this is how I start my day. And so it's just been kind of like a funny inside joke, you know, the the white can monsters that's, that's renter's choice and drink. So How many did you have on Sunday? None. I, I was drinking beer. Okay. But before the round, do you do, do you drink any monsters before?


Oh heck no. I couldn't do that. I, I do coffee in the morning. I don't think the monster energy would really help the nerves and anxiety leading into the final round of a US open. Yeah. Alright, so let's talk about nerves and anxiety. I, I'm sure you've been asked this, but do you think you win this tournament if there is no rain delay? Because it did feel, and you could tell us like how, how you felt to start the day. It was, it felt like it was slipping. You had a little bad luck where it, you know, hits the flagstick, but then the, the rain delay happens and when you come back from the rain delay, you were locked in and you were like ready to go. Do you think that that time off got you to a reset point where you're like, alright, I can still win this thing?


Oh, 100%. When that horn blew, Mike Cady and I looked at each other. We, we kind of just said, you know, this is exactly what we need. Kind of a little break to, to go back inside, you know, reset, collect our thoughts and, and kind of get a fresh start. Kinda like a halftime, you know, in a, in any, in any other sport where you kind of regroup and come back out firing. So it actually, ironically happened to me, the same, same thing happened at the Players earlier this year where I had a close call where I lost in the playoff against Rory, where Sunday I was going into the final round with a one shot lead and was kind of off to a slow start, lost the lead on the front nine, and then this weather came in And we had about a three hour delay and went back out and almost did the same thing.


Just started firing on all cylinders. Clouded my way back to Ty for the tournament after regulation. And, you know, when that happened on Sunday at Oakmont, I kind of just went back to that experience. I'm like, okay, like you've done this before and capitalized on it. If it hadn't been going the other way where I was starting off hot, maybe leading and then the delay happened, it could have been a different story. Yeah. So what, what did you do during the rain delay? I changed my clothes. I was like, I'm not wearing these clothes. I want to come out like feeling like comp, like nothing was carrying over from that first start to the restart I guess you could say. So yeah, changed everything. Even my cat, I mean we, we got drenched so it made sense to change clothes.


We'd be sitting in the locker room freezing if we didn't. And yeah, we just chilled, had some, had some lunch and you know, it was a pretty quick turnaround. About an hour and a half or so and, you know, it was, it was game on again. Yeah. Yeah. How, how did you feel about the course this week? I know that there was some complaints about the course. We respect the course at the US Open. We like to, we like to watch professional golfers struggle the way that we struggle when we play golf. Yeah. So it's kind of nice for us, but being out there and you having to play it, did you, did you enjoy your rounds when you were actually playing? Or were you like, I can't wait to get off this fucking thing? No, I embraced it and, and I think that's the mentality you have to have, you know, going into a US open, I mean, it's the toughest test in golf and you know, a lot of guys went to Scout Oakmont early.


People are asking me if I was gonna do that. And I said, no, I'm, I'm not gonna go there and start freaking out before I have to be there. You know what I mean? Like, I don't wanna go a month prior and be like, okay, I gotta do this. I gotta make sure this is right. I'm, I was just telling myself I'm gonna go into the, into the, the tournament week with the game that I had and whether it would be good enough. We'll see. And you know, I just took the course as it as it came, you know, it's, it's all you can really do. Everyone's gonna hit bad shots, everyone's gonna get bad breaks. But I think kind of just staying in the moment and trying to take what the course gives you is, is the biggest thing you can do. And even when things weren't going great for me, I'm front nine. I just tried my best to, to just stay patient and, and give what the course gave me and you know, it it gave me the win Yeah.


To go with a course. I like that. Yeah. So, so your final, like few holes, you hit some incredible shots, obviously the drive on 17, was that, was that a drive of a lifetime? Was that the best drive you ever hit? Probably, I mean that would be a 10 out of 10, you know, given the situation, the scenario, the what was on the line. But it was nice to, you know, I actually hit a really good drive in the practice round that was almost identical to that. So I kind of just had that in the memory bank where, you know, okay, like I've hit a great t shot on this hole before. But it was huge in, in in the respect that, you know, going into 18, which was a fairway, I only hit once, maybe twice all week to kind of lean on that swing that I just put six minutes prior.


Yeah. Yeah. So it was a great kind of like pathway to being able to, to still cap it off. 'cause 18 is no cupcake, you know, especially with the one shot lead at the US Open and you know man I that the T shot 18 might have been, you know, even a better shot than 17. Oh, alright. So we had one other shot we wanted to discuss our golf expert Hank, on our show said that he actually thought your approach shot on 15 was the shot of the tournament where you get on, you know, you hit a great shot. You were in the rough, I don't know what it was like 70 yards would Yeah. Do you remember that shot? Yeah, yeah. I, I hid in the left or off, off the t tried to lay up.


The lie was, the lie was okay, but you, it's so long and it, it's wet, it's been raining and you have no control over the face. The last thing I wanted to do on that, the angle of that pin and the way the green pitches is miss this left in the left rough 'cause then I'm dead. So I was like, okay, I'm just gonna try to aim the low. Right. So it came out a little better than I want Carry carried it too far into the rough. But that lie wasn't great either. And, and I could have easily brought in double or double bogey or worse. And to actually hit a really good shot out of there to about 15 feet or so and have a chance for par was, was great. I mean, you know, I, I didn't make the putt but I was able to limit the damage and I, I don't think I made a double bogey all week.


Yeah, right. No, that's what, that's what us open golf is about. Yeah. And yeah, our, our golf expert, Hank was glued to the TV watching that one. Yeah. And it was, it was very impressive. He Came in, we were like, oh, what about that drive on 17? What about that drive on 18? What about the put on 18? He was like, no, the, the pro shot on 15, that was the one where it's like the, the disasters you avoid. I could agree with that. Yeah. 'cause I could have, I could have made double or triple and then it's, it's over, you know, I mean, who knows what happens then. I kind of really start unraveling, you know, 16 through 18. Yeah. Yeah. I, I wanna go back to the weather delay real quick. When you go into the clubhouse, did they have the TVs on? Were you guys able to watch Tiger Woods at the 2008 US Open?


Yeah, we were watching, it was me, Scotty Russell Henley, one of the Russell Ken tag and one of the rules officials. We were just there watching it and just laughing at all the crap he was pulling off, like chipping in and you know, Rocco and just wa looking at the clubs he is using, we're just kind of like giggling at that. And it was a cool moment to kind of just relax and, you know, no matter how things were going on the course for me it was, it was a nice way to kind of let go of it and come out with a better attitude. Yeah. You're like, at least this guy is not playing against me. Yeah. I don't have to go out there and, and be and be 2008 Tiger. I I also heard that you got some advice from Tiger via Max Hoa who advised you to just stay there.


Was was what you said was his advice was, does Max get 10% of your purse? Was that $400,000 Max is rich enough, He's fine. He doesn't need my money. But no, it was a cool moment. This was probably a month or so ago. We're both members at West Barack And we were just eating lunch and talking about, you know, how how Tiger, you know, relate sort of the perspective on championship golf and, and what it takes to, to win that. You don't have to do anything crazy that like everyone thinks that, you know, he, he had to pull off these miraculous shots he just did by nature because he's the goat. But, you know, in a, in a sense, like you just gotta stay there, stay, like don't, don't feel like you have to do anything crazy, just stay within attack or within shouting distance and you know, anything can happen, especially at hard golf courses and you know, that's kind of the perspective I had all week, you know, leading up to the US Open was, you know, no matter where you're at, I mean look at John Rom, I think he stuck around.


He went off early and finished that four over. He even thought like, I'm sure he was thinking the same thing going into Sunday. He is like, if I shoot three under par, I think he was starting the day at seven over, he is like, I can shoot four over and end up like maybe being in a playoff. And he did. And he's, you know, that's, that's a perfect example of just kind of staying there, letting the pack come back, especially at the US Open. Yeah. I got a couple questions about your past, which are very interesting story. You know, obviously going, you know, being pro for so long, going back to the Korn Ferry tour and then coming, you know, climbing back up. But is it true that your mom, when she was pregnant with you, got permission from the doctor to keep golfing until she was eight months?


So is this like one of those situations where like pregnant women like listen to like classical music to try to get the, yeah. So so you just were born to play golf because your mom was like, I love golf so much, I'm gonna golf seven months pregnant, which is insane. Yeah. I mean, so yeah, that's a true story. There's this little part three executive course in South Pasadena, California called the Royal Sanko. And she would my, her and my dad, you know, that would be like her exercise on the weekend with go play walk nine holes. She would play golf and, and everyone, you know, there she is with a big old pregnant belly and everyone's like, that kid's gonna be a golfer. You know, like, 'cause everyone's like, what the hell? Like, this lady's playing golf.


How do you even swing, you know, with this giant pot belly. But yeah, it was, it was pretty crazy how it's all manifested and, you know, thanks to my parents to kind of given me the ability and maybe I got my swing from, you know, those motions in the womb, you know? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. And and the other one was, how much credit did we give the car that hit you when you were five years old to get you to stop skateboarding? Because that feels like a sliding doors moment where your dad was like, no more skateboarding, you just got hit by a car. You might've been the next Tony Hawk instead of the US Open champion. Yeah. That freaked me out. That definitely kind of, you know, scared me as you know, I definitely had scar tissue on what I was trying to accomplish skateboarding, you know, that was more of my bigger aspiration was to be a pro skater, be like Andrew Reynolds and Eric Ellington, Tony Hawk, you know, growing up.


But yeah, it was crazy. I was, I was, I could have, I couldn't be, I could possibly have not been sitting here. Right. Right Now if it was like one second sooner or later I kind of went right under this car and literally was sitting under it. The lady thought she ran over a cat, you know, we were just, you know, kids, this is like 1995 kids play out in the front yard and you know, here I am rolling down the skateboard. I think I was like on my knee doing something stupid and you know, dad pulls me out, you know, everyone's screaming and dad pulls me out. I have all this grease and oil all over me and it's a crazy moment. Crazy crazy moment. But yep. I still kept, you know, skateboarding and still loved it.


But I'm glad I took, took golf over instead, You should find this woman and be like, thank you. You, you changed my life. I know. Yeah, Yeah. You, yeah. You show me that I should stop skateboarding. Yeah. And take By, by running over me with your Car. So you went underneath the car, like fully underneath? I was running under, I remember, I remember pushing my feet, like trying to like somehow lift it off me. I mean, I do that, but like, I'm just like, and I'm glad I didn't try to, you know, barrel roll or whatever GI Joe crawl out of it. And, but it was, yeah, it was intense. I think it's, that's the only thing that can prepare you for Oakmont is getting hit by a car.


Yeah. Yeah. How many guys have almost been run over by a car skateboarding and taken on Oakmont? No. Yeah. You know, literally not almost. You were run over, run over, fully run over by a car. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. We gotta find this woman. I I I would love to think like, it'd be so awesome if this woman was watching the US Open on Sunday is like, I I hit that kid with a car. I did That, I did that, I ran over that kid with a car. Yeah, Totally. How, how much credit do you give the reed on 18? You get, it was one of those moments like at the US Open, you have to play great golf, you need a little bit of luck. You were lucky enough to have a great reed on your putt. Did that, did the Reed actually change after you saw it was Hoveland, right?


Right. It was Victor. Did, did You, did that change how you were approaching that putt? No, the only thing that I was trying to get feedback from it was, was like the pace, 65 feet I believe around 64, 65 feet. I didn't have a putt that long all day. And it, it had just been raining for, you know, obviously the delay. And then it started raining again on us, our last two holes. And so the greens are slower and you know, honestly it was a great break to have to see how, how hard I had to hit the putt. And you can hear in the sound of the click how hard he hit it. You kind of saw, you know, the pace it took to get up. But also once it got up on top of that ridge, it's kind of str like gently downhill as well.


So for him to also hit a great putt to hit it what six feet by was huge too. Because if he hit a shitty putt, like that teaches me absolute, absolutely nothing. And you know, I, I was just focusing on putting a good stroke on it, you know, luckily, you know, my lab putter, I can literally hit it anywhere on the face and the distance control is great. So, you know, it was, it was one of those comfort zones where I'd been putting great, you know, lag putting was great all week long. And it's funny, we have a little practice round game with me and some of the boys I play with and my caddy where we do a hundred dollars makes during practice rounds, we just go to a crazy spot in the green on a practice round and just hit like 50, 60 footers.


You make it, you get a, everyone owes you a hundred bucks. So literally the last thing I did before I stepped into that routine was like a hundred dollars make. Yeah, Yeah. And now Patty owes me a hundred dollars. This is a dumb question, but like if Victor Hovland, if he was like, Hey, I, I'm still in this tournament, I know he was a few back, could he have theoretically chipped that ball and not given you a read? Like would that have been a really bad, like, unspoken rule for him to do that? But like it would've been incredible gamesmanship. He is like, I'm not giving this guy a read. Oh yeah. That, that would've been a dick move. But I mean this happened to Phil when Phil won his first major.


Yeah. I don't know if you remember that Chris DeMarco was in the front bunker and kind of, you know, hits his bunker shot two inches behind Phil's ball maybe, I don't know exactly, but it was on the same line. And Phil, and so he putted first and Phil had that put to win. Not to, not to, yeah. Like he didn't need it to, but he had to make it. And even, you know, I think he kind of tapped him on the butt too, you know, after the bunker shot was kind of like, thanks 'cause he knew what was coming, you know, and you know, and that's just the things that need to happen, you know, in major championships and, and just to win tournament things gotta go your way and you know, unfortunately I was on the receiving end of it.


Okay. I remember Phil stepping in like real fast after he hit that putt. Oh yeah. Like getting right behind him. Did it, does that go through your head? Like, I need to keep a respectful distance until he hits the putt and then I'm charging in? Yeah, I was probably 15 feet kind of to his, you know, his right. You know, it's kind of, he knows I'm, he knows I'm there, but I'm not in his view, you know, you don't want him, you don't wanna be behind him. 'cause he'd be like, is this guy literally like two feet behind me? So, you know, I stood to the front of him to the right. So he knew I was here, but I wasn't like, you know, sneaking up on him. But yeah, I rushed in there, but, but like I said, like I saw, I saw where he rode it up the ridge, but I was mostly looking at the speed because I, we kind of knew where we had to play the, the putt as far as the line goes.


But the speed was the most important part. I think I, I think I'm gonna start petitioning for golfers to start chipping on the green just to fuck other golfers over. I think I need that to happen. Like why it would've been an all time moment if Ava was just like, no dude, I'm not giving you this read. Yeah. Like if his best friend was second place, right. If he was best friends with McIntyre or something, it was like Yeah, I'm it's like almost like NASCAR driving like I'm gonna box you in here. Exactly. Yeah. You could have, I mean you might lose some friends, but I mean we're not, at the end of the day, we're not all friends. We're here to kick each other's asses. Yeah, yeah. Yes. You talked about your new putter. Has it ever occurred to you, maybe you should try the broomstick putter. Did you not see what I did Sunday Good thing before that?


Good point. Yeah. No point before that. Our gu our golf expert just recently transitioned to a broomstick putter and it's, it's quite a look for a young man to be using a broomstick putter. Yeah. I mean, well when I started the year I got the, this lab putter back during the off season, my, my putting's always been a v like a very, you know, hot and cold sort of statistic for me. I've been using a traditional blade style putter where, you know, it's a lot of feel is involved, which I like, I like feel, but I was just thinking, how can I get better? And you know, I was talking to Adam Scott last year at Colonial and he's, he's a lab golf ambassador and he's, you know, played greats in switching to the lab putter and kind of talked me into it.


You gotta get comfortable with, with the look first and foremost it's, it's different 'cause it's got zero torque and there's a lot of science behind the design. But you know, I, I worked with it all off season and you know, put it in play at Sony and I was leading Sony going into Sunday, ended up finishing third. But that was kind of, that was kind of the missing link to kind of putting more consistently I guess. And the biggest thing I took from it was, was how the technology and the putter and the DF three that you can kind of hit it anywhere on the face because of the way it's designed. Like you, it keeps the same speed up.


So, and, and like speed is king when you're trying to like make putts, if you don't have the right speed, you're not gonna hit, you're not gonna hit the line that you're trying to and it's gonna miss. So how nice is it to have a, a putter where you feel like every time you stroke it, no matter where you hit on the face, it's gonna have the same speed that you're trying to make the putt with. So I think it's helped me become a more consistent putter as of late. And you know, it, it was a good put on on Sunday as well, so Great. Put Yeah. Good. Yeah. Alright. I know you gotta run in a second. So a couple last questions. The, the story about the diabetes, like you, so you got diagnosed with diabetes too, and then you keep losing weight and then you're like, oh no, whoops, we screwed up.


You have diabetes one. When you finally found that out, did you feel like so much better being like, oh my gosh, I can actually manage this now and then, was it, was it kind of the same timeline as you going back down to the Korn Ferry and then back up because it felt exactly, I I would assume there was a moment where you're like, am I, am I just done? Am I cooked here? Yep. Yeah, so this was 2018. I was, that was my second year on tour. It was during the playoffs in August. And you know, I've been a chubbier kid growing up. I was never like, you know, thin, I was never worried about, you know, keeping weight on. It was always keeping weight off. And, you know, in, in August at the end of 2018, I was like noticing I went down to the last notch on my belt and you know, as far as, you know, tightening wise.


And I said, that's weird. Like, I've never had that issue. I always have to add a hole or two to fit into it. But my, my wife who was then my girlfriend, she's like, you need to just go to the doctor. And, and it was weird because everyone's like, dude, you look good man, you've been working out and stuff. And I'm like, no, I've been drinking beer and just like eating whatever. But thanks, you know, so I didn't step on a scale until, you know, the end of the year when I got back home and I literally, the last time I weighed myself I was probably like two 15 and I weighed like 180 5 without even trying, which you know, the two 15 was probably, you know, at the start of the season the first third.


So I, I ended up going to a, just a general physician and they did my labs like, oh yeah, you have diabetes, you know, your, your sugar's through the roof and you know, take some metformin and diet and exercise. I'm like, okay, I can diet better but I mean I exercise quite a bit. And so I did that for like three years and then I just kept losing weight. 'cause that's like one of the symptoms you, if you're, you're, if you don't produce any insulin, well you don't have the, it's like a key to your cells where your food kind of goes into your body and produces energy. And so basically you're like in ketosis where you're just body's just eating the fat and like muscle and stuff to kind of stay alive. So I did that for like three years and I weighed till like I went down to like 165 pounds.


Holy shit. Yeah. And this was 2021 like in February. And my friend's a doctor, he said go to an endocrinologist. I had no idea. He is like, you need to do more extensive testing. And they did like this beta cell, you know, pancreas test where it detects how much insulin you have and basically they've determined I make zero insulin and you know, I have to be on insulin therapy. And that completely changed my life. And Yeah. And then you come back up and it was just like, you're, you're back to, you know, you're, you're, you got the PGA card back. Yeah. And then I, yeah, it, it transformed my game back to where it needed to be. And you know, I think the, you know, physical and mental part, you know, overcoming that, getting comfortable again, you know, led me to where I'm at today.


That's Awesome. Us open champion Us Open champion. Pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah.


Alright, last question. Rollback question RHO bac k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. QIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts, Rollback dot com promo could take.


My last question is, there's a story of you going to like a local muni to, to, to practice 'cause you wanted to kind of like get back to your roots. I'm gonna be cynical. I think you were doing that 'cause you could basically look at everyone and be like, at least I'm not that bad. Yeah. I just wanted to feel confident about myself. Okay, these guys are out here as long as I am and I can do better than that. So it, it boosts my confidence a lot there. Yes. That's smart. 'cause everyone's like, oh man, he's a man of the people. I'm like, I feel like he might be doing this 'cause like he can at least give himself some frame of reference of like, hey, I'm not so bad. I'm like one of the best golfers in the world. Exactly. Well, I I appreciate it boys. That was a blast. Yeah. Alright, thanks so much man. Best of luck rest of the season.


Thanks dudes.


JJ Spawn was brought to you by Aura Ring. Here's a easy question. How are you feeling today? Now a harder question. Why? If you had an aura ring on your finger, it wouldn't be such a mystery. Aura gives you personalized updates about your sleep, stress, activity, heart health recovery and more. All from a sleek, smart ring. You'll get incre incredible data about your body, including long-term trends and feedback on the stats that matter for living a long, healthy life. It's where everywhere I look I see more and more people wearing one. And since Aura Ring looks like a normal ring, you're getting all the benefits of health tracking without looking like you're wearing a gadget. It's accurate, comfortable and durable. And with up to eight days of battery life, you can forget you're even wearing it. Can we get some ora rings for the boys? Yeah, I would rock an ora ring. I'm I'm balls deep in training right now. I need a ring. Need to monitor my stats. I I really want an ora ring. I've been wanting to get one, I need one. And eight days of battery life is a game changer or eight days is incredible. Huge. It's massive. As somebody who forgets to plug things in, sometimes eight days of battery life is huge. Aura is gonna help you track your stats, figure out why you're feeling the way that you are getting old has never looked so good. Now give ora the finger. Learn more@oraring.com slash pmt. That's O-U-R-A-R-I-N g.com/pmt.


JJ was also brought to you by truly, truly hard seltzer and truly unruly lemonade. Truly unruly lemonade combines the high alk fun of truly unruly with everyone's favorite lemonade. It's lemonade let loose 8% a BVA hundred percent delicious. I'm a bump and blue RAs guy myself. They've got four supercharged flavors. They've got the blue RAs, the OG original lemonade, the punched up pineapple and the wild pink unruly lemonade is great for the summertime. I drank one while I was mowing the lawn last weekend. Great lawn mowing beverage. You get the lemonade but you also get 8% A BV. It's a hundred percent delicious. Gonna be working on my golf swing outside a lot. Guess what I'm gonna have as my caddy. That's right. A truly unruly lemonade. It's the official hard seltzer of Pardon My Take. Level up your lemonade with truly unruly. Check it out today.


And now here's our great friend Greg Kittle. Okay. We welcome on a very, very, very, very special guest. One of our good friends who just signed a new deal, which we have to congratulate him for. It is George Kittle, TEU coming up June 23rd, 25th. We're getting tight ends paid. And George, you are the tip of the spear. You got paid big time money. Congratulations. Congratulations. We're very happy for you. Are you setting the market? Yeah. Are you, are you setting the market? Setting the market? Hopefully it's something that Sam Laporta will cross next year.


Ooh, yeah. Laporta and then you got Brock in a couple years. Yeah, there's, there's a lot of guys that need to get paid. I'm excited about that. So hopefully the next guy's getting over 20 million. That'll be pretty cool. Yeah. What was it like though, when you 'cause it, how much guaranteed money did you have? 40. That's Pretty Sweet. Was that, so did that all go in at one point, at one time? No, no, no, no. That's over the course of like two and a half years. Oh, Well they don't give you all your guaranteed money right away. Fees. What's your signing bonus fees? It basically, I get basically I get this year and everything kind of hits I give, get a nice chunk that hits in September. Okay. 'cause the way that, the way that like the money has been flowing and how we had, we're still paying people.


I get a big chunk of my money in September. Okay, that's great. And that's gonna be awesome. And you, you can, you can tell all the tight ends at TU like, I had to do this deal for you guys. It wasn't for me, it was that you guys can get paid. Right. It's for the boys. Yes. That's, it's all it is. You know, I just wanna also say I'm so excited to be back on the show with you boys. Oh my God. Just a couple of beauties. Yeah. We we missed you. We miss you. We're gonna see you in Tahoe as well, which I'm very excited about. You're you, I mean, we'll do a cross promo like you're, I can't, you're golfing in the tournament. What do you expect outta yourself to be golfing in the tournament? You can't finish last. I don't want you to finish last. No, No, I mean, a, I shot, you know, I'm a low nineties golfer. I break, I break 90 every once in a while.


So I sh back to backgrounds at 90 twos the last two days. So, you know, if I can just pull out one of those, I'll be so happy. And if I don't, my driver doesn't hit somebody in the face. I, I, I've, I've started sensing this recently, like talking to, to different athletes. It's such bullshit the way they talk about their golf game where if you ask an athlete like, how, how are you at golf? They're like, oh, I suck. You know, I shoot in like, you know, eighties, low nineties, like, and I only play like a few times a year. It's like, that's bullshit man. I I only That's really good. Yeah, that's really good for only a few times a year you guys turns out athletes are really good at playing sports. Yeah. It'd be, it's crazy that if you know you're a professional in something, you actually could be prof, you know, decent at other sports.


That is a wild concept, isn't it? Yes. Yeah. The hand-eye coordination, it turns out that that transfers for you guys. It blows my mind every time. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna thank you George. I want to thank you for, for making important stance online the other day because some people Yes. Including, I'm not gonna name names, but there's some people maybe behind the glass that root Hank for the Philadelphia Eagle. No, I think, yeah, nah, you're right. Hank was kind of a dick about it, but I'm mostly looking at He's a dick. Yeah. I'm, I'm looking at Max, my, my new wide receiver. Your former teammate. Yeah. Deebo Samuel went a little bit viral. I was trying to explain to these guys that it's called a group install and he jogged through and that's, he, he's not trying to break any land speed records when he is running.


You hopped online and tried to clear things up, but maybe you could educate America on how actually not fat Deebo Samuel is, I'm just gonna say this. Debo Samuel plays football. He doesn't play spring ball, no pads football. Yep. And if you look at his career highlights when he has shoulder pads on that is, that's how he plays the game, which is the way it is structured for us to play the game. So like I'll say like media for the NFL from post draft until the season starts, everyone's just looking for something to talk about because there's nothing to talk about. And so it's pretty brutal. And Divo just catches flack. 'cause hey, he didn't have this season that, you know, his best season of his career last year and guys gave people, gave him flack for that.


Debos still Debo, he's, he's gonna go out there, he is gonna truck sick people. He's gonna make some insane plays that no one else can make. He's gonna catch a screen pass, break four attacks and go 60 yards to the house. So Debos gonna, Debo, that's just what it is. And so these people that are just talking shit about him, they can all, you know f right off. Yep. Okay. So it's so good answer. I noticed in that answer though, max, did you notice something? The, did you notice the, the, there was one thing that was missing in that answer. Max. Max, max. What was it? I didn't, This is, this is you saying this? Well, okay, I'll say Max. What I noticed in that I didn't say anything in that answer. You just did not address the fat deebo part. You didn't say anything about fat Debo, it's power. You said everything else, which was good.


And I agreed. Deebo iss the man we're also Pro fat. We are fatfat, we're pro fat. Pro pro. So pro Deebo, Deebo has got big bones, fellas. Okay. He's got big bones. That's all. It's, and it's, again, it's like, you know, when Yeah. He might have hibernated, you know, in the off season, but he'll be ready to go for, for training camp. I, I promise you that much. Okay. We are a pro fat podcast, so That is true. I, I like to imagine that when Max says it, he's, he's spelling a pH fat with a pH. Yeah. Fat deebo. And listen, you gotta have some junk in the trunk if you're gonna play football. Right. That's what Belichick, Kirby smart. They look at guy's asses, they're like, I want a guy that's got a motor that's facts. Mm Is your as for motor, that's kind of nice. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's, he is one of my favorite players to watch play football when he has the ball in his hand.


And I'm, I'm just excited that, that I get to root for him. But yeah, you were kind of a part of that this off season too. Just a lot of news people want, want to read about you. Is that strange? Like having the world know that you're going into contract negotiations and speculate on how much money you're gonna get paid? Oh Dude. When I was at the Super Bowl in New Orleans, I'm doing like the media circuit and I just get asked about my contract. I'm like, I don't know if we've even had any discussions yet, but sure we can talk about something that has nothing to do with you guys. Yeah. Sounds like a blast. Yeah, it is weird. It is weird, but it's like, then I get asked about Brock Purdy's contract. I'm like, I don't fucking know shit about his contract. Don't ask me like I'm just his teammate that watches him play. He should get paid, but I don't know any details.


Why are you asking me? Yeah, that's gotta be the, the more awkward one in the Brock Purdy where it's like, 'cause I, I assume there's a unspoken rule in the locker room where it's like, hey, no one talk about someone else's money here. Like, you know, George's gotta get paid. Brock's gotta get paid. To be the guy to stand up and be like, and not, and and like get involved in any way is just a bad move in a locker room. It's Just weird. Like, I know I learned it early on in my career, it's like, don't talk for other people. Let them say what they wanna say. Like you can always give a, you know, hey Brock works really hard. He is a great teammate. He deserves a contract, but like the nickel and diamond stuff like that, nah, it's just bad ball. Just don't talk about it. Yeah. Because you're gonna put your foot in your mouth at some point. Yeah.


Last season, Yes. Season from hell for the 49 ERs. In terms of, you guys obviously have been really good, really competitive for Yes, you basically your entire time there, but last season it felt like not the end of something, but it was just everything that could have gone wrong went wrong for the 49 ERs. And it did, you could just feel that. Is that, is it like, hey, we can just, it's almost better, like we can flush the entire season and it was there a moment during the season where you're like, fuck man, we can't catch a single break. I would say early on in the season we lost back to back divisional games and I was like, we're gonna at the really figure something out here, like to be able to even go on a run.


And then we had that diabolical run of like at Green Bay at Buffalo and just got our shit pushed in and it was like, yep, that's gonna be a tough one. Like if you give up 150 yards rushing and then you are like 10% on third downs, that's just kind of hard to win a football game. So I will say the one benefit to like not making the playoffs is that was my first January off since 2020. And so I took it and I think the team took it as a big refresher. And I will say that like when everybody came back to OTAs and like everybody was in attendance for the first time and since 2019 everybody was really fired up to play football. So it kinda like gets that hunger going a little bit earlier. So it was kind of fun for that. But missing the Playoffs absolutely sucks, but if you gotta find some positive out of it, I did get an extra month just to kind of recover and now my body feels fantastic.


Yeah, that's gotta be great. You guys either make, you guys ever make the NFC championship game or you don't make the playoffs, that's kind of the, the only thing that you do. It's just What, what is that statistic that makes no sense. It's crazy. I don't know. Once you guys get in, you're forced to be reckoned with. Yeah. Maybe you can tell us like, what, what is it about you guys? You get into the playoffs, you're confident, It's a confidence thing. And then, I mean, I look back like the 2021 season when we snuck in as a seventh scene, we to win like our last three games and then we somehow went in the Lambo and beat the one seed. I would just say that like what we've brought ourselves on as being very violent and very gritty and then we let like, you know, our superstars be flashy and when you add a guy like McCaffrey, he could be all flashy, be super pretty and stuff, but he's still a gritty ass dude.


So it's kind of fun to just kind of be that team that guys people don't wanna face in the playoffs. And yeah, like you said, whenever we get in there, we do a pretty good job of winning the first couple. Yeah. You, you were saying earlier that that's about it. You were saying earlier that Hank is a dick. Some people would agree with this. Yeah. He's so specifically with Hank. I don't know if you listen to part of my take during the season, probably not advisable for you to do that. I always listen to Mondays always no matter what love that Did, did you hear any of the, the news that, well, I can't say it was Hank that was putting out No, it was not Hank it was not Hank, it Was the walls at the Walls at Barstool Sports. They were talking about Christian McCaffrey not coming back to play football. Retiring, Retiring last year. Yeah, yeah. Did did you hear any of that?


Any anything from the walls inside your program? I heard it from my, Hank was actually just sending me dms about how I should tell McCaffrey to retire. He Was just, I don't know, did you have like money on him retiring or something? Hank? Is that what this is? No, he, I Just, he just heard, I never reported that either. The walls reported it and he Oh, it was one of those ones where Hank just got, it was almost, I I'm gonna defend Hank, I'm gonna defend Hank for a second. Don't defend Hank. No. Here's how I defend Hank. No, thank you. Here's how I'm gonna defend Hank. Hank happened to be in a conversation where he heard it, where if PFT and I were in that conversation, we would've done the same walls reporting that Hank did.


He just like, for sure wrong time, wrong place to be in the Christopher McCaffrey might think about retiring conversations. I Also said it in a way where I was like, this is actually 100% off the record, we can't talk about it. And then, because I was like, there's no way it's true. This is a complete bullshit rumor that I heard. Like I'm not, it's not valid enough to say and then dig Yourself outta the hole. I like it. Yeah. And then I just got thrown under the bus per usual. That's all right. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So Hank Imm, sorry, I'm sorry. So that ever was, were you ever like, hey I'm, I'm kind of tuned into the NFL media and, and this one podcast is, is saying you might retire Christian. Is that true? I brought it up to him almost daily just for fun just to piss him off. Oh, Oh Yeah, let's light a fire under Christian's ass.


He, he doesn't really need it, but the more motivation he gets, the scarier he is. So I believe that he's gonna have, he's gonna have a fun year this year. Did you? If you're a fancy coach, I would draft him. Okay. But that's, there's a lot of people who are, they got, they got really badly burned last year. Does They, did, did he feel They did. Could you sense any remorse from like him where he is? Like, I really like, yeah, obviously I missed a lot of, for my teammates and for the team and the franchise, but really what's sad about this injury is everyone who drafted me number one overall. Yeah. No, he, I think that's all he thought about the whole year. I think he sent individual messages to each person who drafted one overall and apologized. I think that's what he did. That's Class act. That's nice. Class act. That's huge. Can you, can you make a case to Jerry O'Connell that if he does draft Christian McCaffrey for us this year, that you will block extra hard for him?


Yeah. Well the nice thing about when you have C McCaffrey running back, it makes my job way easier because of how he sets up blocks and stuff like that. So when you have a guy like Christian, he actually makes our entire O-line and tight ends better. So yeah, we're all gonna block our asses off for him and he's gonna have another fantastic season. Yeah. Yeah. I, one thing i i I love about you and I love about the, the tight ends is what you've done with tight end University, TEU where you get together and it feels like you guys are all kind of picking each other up, helping each other out. I don't know if Trey McBride's gonna be there this year, but he is. He is. So, I, I was wondering like across the league in the fraternity of tight ends last year when he just couldn't get a touchdown for whatever reason he was, he was like playing really, really well. He was playing great football.


Amazing. But he couldn't score for some reason. Were you guys all rooting for Trey to get a touchdown even though he is in the same division as you? Were you like, come on man, this is bigger than just this, the, the Cardinals against the 49 ERs. This is about the position of the tight end. Oh dude, I, I remember, I think I hit him up like week 13 or 14. I was like, Trey, just tell Kyle to throw you the ball four straight times. First, second, third, and fourth down. Like, you just gotta get in there. 'cause once you get won then it just get kind rolls. But Larry get in that getting that first or second touchdown just takes forever. It was, I'm happy for him that he ended the year with a couple. So hopefully he'll, he'll start off this year pretty hot, is my guess. Yeah. Yeah, I could see that. So, so tight End u coming up next week. We talked to to, to Greg Olson about it as all as well.


Very excited. Next year, hopefully we're, we're gonna be able to make it. We have a golf tournament this year. What do we got planned for this year? Anything new, any new wrinkles, because it is great and tight ends. I went through the stats with Olson when he came on. You guys are just getting paid way more and it's, it's what you're doing is working. Yeah, I mean, I think since 2019 it's jumped up over $10 million. So that's, that's doing pretty good. Whatever we are doing is working. You know, tight end news has been great. Just bringing guys together. You know, you got rookies running routes with Travis Kel. You got young guys in the same line as Dallas Clark and Rob Gronkowski. So it's just, it's that, that itself is pretty fun. And you know, if guys just take a couple things from Titan U whether it's like something about a route, something about techniques, something about their lifestyle that they learn and it helps 'em out a little bit, you know, that's all we really care about.


You know, just it ev what I would say is just evolving the position, you know, as we, as we play the game together. Yeah. Yeah. So is there a class that you guys are doing this year about how to cash in on being a professional wrestler if things are like towards the end of your career, make that transition? You know what, I think Triple H said he might stop by for a class. I don't know. Hopefully, maybe if not this year, maybe next year I can get a WWE guy in there and explain, you know, we'll get a wrestling ring up and just have auditions. We'll have the WWE tryout there. Yeah, that would be actually, that'd be actually incredible. I think. Yeah, I would watch that. I would be a part of that. I I Actually, I do think that tight ends are the most ready made for the transition into WWE e Is that, is that gonna be your, your career after football?


You know what, whatever door is open. I'm not saying no to much. Whatever happens, happens, you know, I might need a couple managers like the Paul Bearer. You guys could definitely do that for me. Bet. Yeah, Yeah. Say Less. And what, hey, what, what point of the off season are you like, all right, let's go ready for football. Or is that like, because you're getting, you know, older you're, you're later in your career, does that still exist where you're like, Hey, at this point, let's call it, you know, late June, maybe July 4th, you're like, all right, July 4th is over. Let's go. I wanna play some football. I would say that like the itch or the anxiety of like trying, you know, wanting to be in shape and ready, that usually hits me in like, I would say end of March, early April.


And then it just gets worse and worse as the rest of the summer goes on. You can ask my wife, she just, she's like, you need to take a deep breath. I'm like, I don't wanna take a deep breath. I just wanna work out and do cardio and catch a lot of footballs. But it just keeps e it just keeps escalating and escalating and escalating until rely is like, I feel like you could ask any NFL football player. I would say a majority of 'em say that. Like, not like a tripling anxiety, but like thinking about it every single day. That's about all you can do for the entire month of July. That's very real. Yeah, it's Very real. The, the, the people say it's, it's basically like the two weeks before camp feels like the, the night before, first day of school where you're just sitting like, oh shit. Like we got first day of school coming up, dammit, dammit, dammit.


And like, all right, here we go. Yep. That's, that's really it. It's just like, did I train enough? Did I catch enough footballs? Did I work out enough? Have I studied enough? Am I ready to go? And then when you get back to training camp, you know, training camps, training camp, it's incredibly hard. But once you get, once you get back into it, then you find your, you find your rhythm again pretty quickly. Do you love the first day when you get the pads on because you are a violent guy, you like to be violent? Is that like a relief, like, Hey, we're actually now playing football? Dude, I, I hate OTAs 'cause it's not football. Like I, I can't stand it. 'cause then like, I'll get like coached on the run game and I'm like, I'm run blocking without shoulder pads on. That is how you play the game. Like, I'm like, I'm not gonna change that.


Like, I'm not gonna change my technique to be able to block without pads on. When pads come on, then I'm blocking and that's how I know how to do it. So yes, I love the first day of pads. I, and then the only time I ever liked practicing without shoulder pads. It's like in the season when you're kind of just, you know, jog three plays and just kind of learning. But when it comes to competing, yeah, I give me the shoulder pads and let me be at my best. 'cause I'm pretty good at that. Yeah. Otherwise you're, you're jogging through plays, you're doing group install, Group install, baby. No, it's just not the same man. And you know, guys like to take film from that and, you know, critique it. It's just not the same. Yeah. You know, I wouldn't want, I wouldn't wanna be one of those guys Max. That's right. Have you, have you hit anybody this off season? Have I hit anybody this off season?


You know, I did get to do some, I get to do some run blocking stuff with Trent Williams. You know, he was at our mini camp stuff, so we got a pad in front of us. We gotta, you know, run off and hit that. But no, I have not kind of hit anybody very hard yet. So that, that'll be coming. I can't wait. Yeah, I imagine that you probably missed that. I would miss that Violence is coming. Yeah. Violent. I like that. That's, that's a great tagline for the 2025 Niners season violence is coming. Ooh. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I'm really excited about it. I just like looking at your guys' faces. You're just so adorable. Hey, what did, has, has Brock Purdy bought anything awesome with the money? Because he's like, you, you obviously had gotten paid a little bit. He, he literally went from getting nothing in relative terms to a starting quarterback.


Yeah. To getting paid a lot of money. Do you think he, he bought anything special or did anything like a new tractor or something? The tractor thing? I don't think he has to buy those. I think he gets those for free. Okay. I would say, you know, he said he wanted to buy like a big fishing boat, which he definitely, that's what he likes to do in his spare time, is like the fish be out on the water. He did, you know, he did purchase a Nashville, Tennessee house, so he'll be kind of a neighbor to me at some point, which would be pretty fun because I actually have a quarterback that that can throw to me all the time. That's actually on my team. So I'm excited about that. So I think, I think that counts as a big purchase, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's huge. Yeah. Buying house. Have you guys, yeah. You made any upgrades to the barn? Dude, the barn is continually growing and getting bigger.


So no, like structural, but a lot of New Jerseys equipment, clean it out. It's, it's a full NFL facility now, boys. It's a good time. Yeah. I mean, incredible. The football field that you have behind your barn is everything that I wanted as like an 8-year-old growing up. You live in like an 8-year-old paradise, which is Incredible. I really do. Oh dude, it's so much fun. It just, I literally, on one side of my barn, I have my, we eat breakfast, then you go to the gym, you work out, you go to the field, you run routes, you do your sprint training, and then you come back in And we have an N 64 hooked up. We play Super Smash Bros and Mario Card. That, that's the absolute, but you gotta, I think next step is get a, a tattoo chair in there. You know what, I have been tattooed in the barn before, so that's how I got, what is it?


My, one of my hand tats was in the barn. So yeah, we, we got everything in there. I even have a barber that shows up at the barn. That's awesome. Do you, do you have any new ink for the season? I did just get, I got SAR on from Lord of the Rings done a couple weeks, I mean, a couple months ago, which I was pretty excited about. Shit. That's pretty cool. How long Did that one take? What's, I think we did like a seven hour session one day, and then we did like a three hour session the next day. Were you sedated for it or were you awake? No, I was very awake. My tattoo artist, I have one in Indianapolis and he, he has a very good technique. His name's Cody and he has a very good technique where like, honestly like, it was the least painful tattoo I've ever had in my life. Oh. I was just kind of sitting there.


And the thing is too, like, I'm sitting there streaming, well not streaming, but like, I'm playing Pokemon on my laptop because I play like a Randomizer. It's called Cazo Arm Pokemon. I'm not, I'm a nerd. I know, I'm sorry. But I'm playing that for like eight hours where they get tattooed. So it's pretty easy. What, What is the game Pokemon? It's so, it's like you're playing like the original Pokemon game. Okay. Except like they made a rom hack for it. And it has the first three generations of all the Pokemon all in like fire, fire, red. And then it's all randomized. So like if you go to Professor Oak and you'll go to the three Pokemon Balls. It could be like a Dragonite, a Ratata and a Charmander. And then the game will tell you which one you have to pick and you have to take that Pokemon and you have to beat the entire game with just that one Pokemon.


And if you die, you have to restart the entire game. Have You ever played Dungeons and Dragons? You know what, very mildly. Like four or five years ago. But like, I have not gotten into It. We gotta you, we gotta get you into DD play a game with us. I Feel come like you would enjoy it. Yeah, I will definitely enjoy it. I mean, if, if it's anything like Stranger Things, I'll have a great time. Yeah. Without like the, without the underworld place that look the upside down. That looks scary. Are you still watching Stranger Things? I'm, I'm sorry they just took too long. It took too long. I, whenever the newest season comes out, I will watch it because I think it's very, it's very fun to watch. Yeah, I like it. I loved the first two or three seasons and then First three, first three were incredible. Then it just took a while for the next two to come out.


And then the kids got old and I was like, this is kind of different. And I don't know, It's a different vibe. It's a very different vibe anytime that it goes from like just kids being friends to, then you have to add in like a romantic thing. Right. It just, it's a little, it's a little bit different. But I still like the show and I'm excited to see what they do with it. I mean, I thought last season was really fun. I mean the, what's the, the guy's bad guys, Vega or whatever that guy was. He was scary. Alright, I gotta get back into it. Alright. Oh Yeah. What are we talking about? Tight and you Yeah, Yeah. Tight. And you, before, before we let you go though, I wanna do, oh, lemme go. Lemme be here all day please. Sphere review. Ooh. You were at, you were at the same show as me. I miss you by like two seconds. It was crazy. Totally. I looked down, I see you, I think you were with, and, and Christian McCaffrey.


You were, you were having the time of your life. And I was like, oh shit. I'm gonna go say hi to my best Bud George. And then I, I get down there and you had, you had went up to your suite, so I missed you. But it was, was it everything you thought? Like it's, it's the coolest thing, right? I mean, grateful Dead at the Sphere is one of the coolest things I've ever done because I went back the following weekend as well to another show. Yes. And I brought my wife that time too. It wasn't an incredible experience. Like, they just know how to throw a concert and the sphere is just, I went to Kenny Chesney two weeks ago at the Sphere too. Incredible. It's just, there's nothing like it. Like you can't compare it to any concert 'cause it's just a completely different vibe. Yeah, it was, it was awesome. Did you end up going to Diplo after I did go to Diplo?


Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was the test of my friendship with you. And it was just so, you know, like, I actually thought about it for a second, which is crazy because you texted me, you're like, Hey, we're going to Diplo after this fear. Do you want to come? And I was like, I was already in bed and I was like, ah, I love you so much and I want to hang out with you, but I don't think I can do that. Yeah. It's a, it, it's a beast. I know. And I'm not really up for, I like, I like day drinking and then going to bed at a good time. Right. So the next day I can do it again. I don't really like staying up till 3:00 AM That's terrible. But I love EDM music as well. And so any chance I have to see Marshmallow or a Diplo, I'm like, and then like Chainsmokers, like I'll go see that any day of the week. Like you'll go watch, listen to those guys.


Yeah. You're, I like, like music man. You're built Different too. I I would imagine that would be the one positive of getting that anxiety. You talked about getting into shape. Once you're into that peak shape, you could probably hang and party longer because you're like, you're just a beast. I, I can drink a few beers this off season. I've, I have upped that counter on my, on my resume. I, I've done that. I've deleted, thank God Bud Light is a good sponsor. There we go. I'm, yeah, we have Bud Light. You know, I just, and then I need to rehydrate after a long night. Love that. And with some Gatorade water. And then, you know what, two in the morning I can just use some Old Spice smell really good and may maybe even use some dude wipes. Like why would I not do that? Dude, Wipes is Huge for the, for the morning after.


Yes. Yeah. It's, it's huge. You know, you just, you need that, you know, and maybe just a, you know, maybe if, you know, it's a little groggy in the morning, my eyes here, I'll just throw in a nice new air or a ba baseball cap and you know, I'll just protect my eyes and my, my face from the Sunny race. That's Great. And then if it's like sunny outside and you go outdoors, you don't wanna wear pants, right? No. So I might as well get some shorts from Chubby so I can tan these nice long legs. That's great. That my wife loves. But wait, Did you just not, did you not eat anything in this entire, like recoup, Oh, you know what good thing is? What's great after a long night is a good sandwich from Jersey Mike's. Okay, Fantastic. Anything you want? Yeah, if, if you're logging online to order your jersey Mike's what?


I mean, how can you get the internet in remote locations? Like your barn That I use starlink. Oh, not Google Fiber. Okay. Interesting. Is that, is Google Fiber not a sponsor? I think Google is a sponsor. It's not on the list. I have written down in front of me right now. So my marketing team's probably like, no, just say yes. I'm gonna say yes. How, what do, do we hit all of 'em? Or is there any left Kinder, which is like a barbecue steak thing and they're providing great food for the boys. Okay. Let me see if there's anything else off the top of my head. I don't know. The only other thing I really have to do on this show is I was in Wisconsin a couple weeks ago with one of my buddies. He owns a lake house in like, it's in Wapac. Wapac? Yeah. Wapac.


And it's a sick lake house at one of the guy, one of the, we're at a restaurant and it's probably like 18-year-old is like, dude Greg, I can't wait to see you on Pardon My Take again. I'm like, hey, well enough. I'm in in like eight days. He was like, will you say hi to me? I'm like, sure Jack from Alpaca. I'll say hi to you on. Pardon My Take. Hey Jack. And that's about all else I had for you. Yeah, you nailed that. That was a great, that kid slide. Great sponsor. So wait, one of your, that's one of your sponsors called Tinder? Kinder Tinder. Oh, okay. I thought you said Tinder. Tinder. I said that'd be a different sponsor entirely. It's going down. DER's Calm and Timber. Alright, well I got one so everyone tight end you again is coming out. They're doing 20 June. 23rd. 25th. It's gonna be awesome.


Last question for you.


Rollback. R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code take 20% off your first purchase. Q ZIPPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com, 20% off promo code take, give me a prediction for the 49 ERs in 2025 Prediction.


This is, this is how I see it. We had a ton of guys leave. We have a lot of turnover. We know we lost all pro players. We lost Pro Bowl players. Deebo, Aaron Banks went to the, our left guard went to the Packers Char various award. One of my favorite teammates locker buddy, he went to the Colts, Hargrave went to the Vikings Maunga, Andre Greenlaw go to the Broncos. So yeah, we're very aware that we lost some players, but from the way that we did free agency, I like the guys that we brought in for that. We just traded for Bryce F from the Eagles. He is a very fast athletic defensive end. And then the way that we drafted, we have a very good chance to be a good team.


We need the young guys to mature really fast and step up because if they don't and they get hit with that rookie wall at some point, it can be tough at some points. But I feel like we brought most of our offense back And we should be able to score points because we basically went entire season without Christian McCaffrey, you know, offensive MVP two years ago. And so now that he's back, pair him with myself, Kyle Ek, Johan Jennings. IU Ricky Pearsall. Sure. Williams is still pretty good too. I heard. You know, I don't know, but he's still pretty good. So I think we're gonna win some football games and it's gonna be pretty fun. Okay. Violence is coming. I I'm, I'm buying the 49 as a bounce back team. I would, I would, I would buy that. Yeah, especially too, like when you get that extra month off, it definitely makes you want to not ever experience that again.


And you would much rather be late into the playoffs and the Super Bowl. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'll be looking for it. Alright. George, you're the best. We'll see you in a couple weeks in Tahoe. Oh my gosh. I'm literally gonna tackle you both. I cannot wait, I, I I'm not looking forward to that. I would like to see because Oh no, you asked me, you like, hey, if you hit anybody, I'm gonna hit you guys. I'll be ready. This is a great idea, max. You better stop him. Max. I'll be ready. You better stop him. Is Hank Coming? Hank will be there. Oh, Hank, you're so fucked. It's basically like, who's gonna get hit first because the other two can run away, so no, think I'm just gonna chest bump max. Okay. That I'm gonna chest bump him and then maybe tabletop him later that night.


Okay. Perfect. That sounds fun. I love that. Maybe we'll pants him Ooh Dick out. Pantsing would be so funny. What's So funny when people just, they grab like the back pocket, just tear the jeans all the way down. Yeah, you do That. Oh yeah, Yeah. We used to do that. Yeah. I want, I wanna do that to Hank after I tackle him Maybe a wedgie. Yeah. I'll see if, I'll ask Christian what, what he wants me to do to you. Hank. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The walls. The walls not, not, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're, you're, you're getting out mad at the wrong guy. But If I, if I could come, if I can come to the studio at some point and I'm just gonna punch a hole in the drywall. Yeah, That's perfect. Yeah. This was, this one's for Christian. We would frame it Hank Hank actually did that one time. Yeah. With his foot. He Did.


Yeah. I Remember that actually. That Good clip. Oh, alright. Oh, love. Thanks George. Love you. Love you George.


Greg Kittle was brought to you by Apple. That's right. Apple. They say it's never too late for a comeback. Even if it's a long shot from the home of Ted Lasso. Come stick a new Apple original series starring Owen Wilson PMT recurring guest. He stars as a has been Golf pro and an up and coming prodigy. That teams up for one last swing at Glory Stick tells the story of Price Cahill a former legend with no career, no prospects and nothing left to lose until he meets a hotheaded 17-year-old golf phenom named Santi, who's all talent but no discipline with nothing left to lose. Price offers his experience, but De Santi won it. Joined by price's, old caddy mitts and Santis mom Elena. The unlikely crew set their sights on the US amateurs. And the only thing in their way is themselves. It's a journey filled with a few blowups, a few breakthroughs, and a whole lot of Mulligan. Don't miss this comedy about life and other hazards. Starring Owen Wilson, Peter Deger, mark Marin, Mariana Trevino, Lily Kay, Judy Greer and Timothy Olean. Now streaming on Apple TV plus kiddo was also brought to you by part of my cheese steak.


Part of my cheese steak in their new combo. The big one. The big one is here. That's right. The new combo. It's called the big one. You get a choice of an original classic cheese steak, your choice of brownie bites or donut dippers and a drink all for a discounted price. Perfect for your game day meal or late night eats. Part of my cheese steak. Offers a wide variety of cheese steaks, loaded fries and popular desserts all delivered right to your door. Check it out now. Pardon My cheesesteak.com order with code PMC 20. That's PMC two zero. And you get 20% off. And now Pardon your take.


Okay, let's wrap up. Pardon? Your take. Listener submitted Henry on re You got a something? Yeah, I do. Okay. For Zach. Oh, Mount Rushmore of Professional Sports Playoffs. Oh, you got four? Well no, you could go, you go MLS. Well no, you got four choices. It could be any sport. Oh Yeah, yeah. Mount Rushmore. Yeah. Okay, so I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go football. One. One, okay. I'm gonna go basketball. One, two, I'm gonna go, I'll go hockey one three. I'll go. Can I put World Cup in there? Oh, So no baseball sports Playoffs.


Baseball guy. I would like to go World Cup four if that's okay. Wow. Yeah. That's not a bad pick. I Think I would've put, I would've put Stanley Cup above NBA playoffs. I Would've put Stanley Cup two. Well this is your Mount Rushmore. Yeah, that's fair. I would've gone NFL Stanley Cup. I actually might, might go playoff baseball three. It's pretty good. Playoff baseball is like, 'cause it's the drama of like every at bat. Does March Madness count. Oh, March Madness. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. March Madness is my two actually. March Madness is my one. March Madness is the best. March Madness is my one. Then NFL then Stanley Cup. Oh, did it say pro? It say pro. It didn't say pro. Oh I think got it. Got Professional Sports.


Couldn't say it though. That would've 'cause that would've been a big mistake. Yeah, because March madness, if it was pro and college it would be March Madness number one for sure. Now that downfield laterals have become a thing. Thank you. PFT. The NFL should award assist for anyone who successfully laterals a ball that, that the play end in a touchdown. This would promote more laterals and specialists with those skills would become valuable throughout the League. I Like that. It's a good idea. I also think that you should get an additional five yards if you catch a pass where you're getting interfered. Like an and one. I'm going, I'm gonna go opposite on this. I'm gonna say no, I don't like that. Well, it's just a meaningless stat. Well, and it's, I'm just thinking about it from gambling brain.


It's a meaningless thing that I'll throw into a parlay and lose. Yeah, you definitely will. Yeah. So I don't need another thing that I can lose on. Yeah. Almond Ross St. Brown plus one 50 to throw a lateral assist. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's just, I, I could just this every week. I could just see us sitting here in like late October being like, all right, what do we got for our parlay week? It'd be better odd than that. That'd be that. That'd be two. It'd be like 900 Pt. No, but you, you get a couple Dan Campbell games where he throws it. He, he like empties the bag and then you're like, oh he's, he's definitely gonna have one again. Oh Shit. It goes to 30 to one if we throw in Travis Kel assist. Yeah. And then we just lose. Yeah. So, no, I'm pretty sure this person was just incepted from this show. 'cause I feel like you said this exact take that each NBA team should get to adjust where their three point line is to create home court advantage each season.


They can move it to on the left, if they have a dominant left-handed dribble, move it in everywhere. If they want to focus on midrange or create a team of bigs or move it way back. If they have great shooters, every game would be played differently based on where the three point line is would be exciting to watch. I Think we said it with Kirk Goldsberry maybe, but yes. This would be awesome. Different dimensions like in baseball. Yeah. This would be So sick. It would also be like incredibly unfair. But it would be cool. They should do it for the NBA cup. Yeah, but you also like, if you move it, the strategy would be so interesting because you could also, it it, it doesn't have to be just, you have good three point shooters. Like what if you have a dominant like big moving the three point line out like two feet.


So it just gives you a little more space where guys can't recover. Yeah. I I would like to, I would like to watch that maybe for a week. Yeah. Adam Silver, you won't fucking do it. Do it in The cup bitch. Do it. NBA. Yeah. They changed the court anyway And they reveal it like right before the game. Like, oh, tonight the Warriors are going with a 34 footer. Steph is the only one shooting them. They'll Be sick. Yeah. Hey little man, big belied cat, AUP, honkers and Italian pervert. I'm sick of people comparing Scotty to Tiger and saying he's on a tear. No one has seen before the PGA's weakened with the amount of players that live and the only time he plays competition is at Majors Tiger Woods with everyone scoring terrible at us open on Sunday would've posted a score that would've made people sweat to match it.


Also, Scotty can't match Tiger's aura as he doesn't have a fuck island in a caddy that throws cameras into the pond. Thoughts. Okay. There's a lot there. One is, you can't say Tiger's aura with the fuck stuff because he won a lot more before the fuck stuff than after He, tiger did have Aura, but it was different Aura. It was unbeatable Aura. It wasn't like he's cool, he fucks chicks. It was, he just wins every tournament. He was doing the fuck stuff, but we didn't, we didn't know about it. Yeah. That in the moment, that's not why Tiger's oral was what it was. Was. Correct. Correct. Two, I don't think we've said Scotty, maybe other people have is doing something like we've never seen before with, I don't think we've ever said that.


I Think we've, There's there's stats. There's definitely stats that have been brought up and we've also brought up, and people do say that when he wins it's like we've brought Up the, he It's, it's always, no one's done this since Tiger. We brought up the other stat where it's like Scotty would have to do this for 10 years. Right. To get to Tiger's numbers. That's Also just our dumb sports brains where if you've seen something incredible, you basically spend the rest of your life being like, man, I want this next thing to be Exactly like that incredible thing. Yeah. Like almost wishing it, hoping It. Yeah. Because the alternative is we're never gonna let golf again because Tiger was so good that he broke golf. Right. But yeah. Tiger, Which I understand that you're not like I will, I will grant you that. There's nobody out there that's playing that you watch them compete and you get that same feeling that you got with Tiger.


Yeah. Except for Brooks, obviously. Yeah. Dude and Max Did you guys see Brooks? But It's like, it's running, it's like Michael Jordan, like basically, you know, spawned basketball in Europe. Like now European players are really good. Like Tiger spawned all these really good golfers. He didn't have to play against them though, but they were all inspired by him. And, and so the, the fields in general are way better. Yeah. Yeah. But that's because of Tiger just putting in kind of same as MJ where it's like he wasn't, he didn't have to play against that much European competition. True. Because they all got inspired from the Olympics. Yeah. But just to put it into perspective, I mean we talked so much about Rory getting the career Grand slam Tiger did that in one year. He literally did that in 2000 when he had, he won the PGA US open the open championship and then in 2001 won the first tournament in the Masters and that's insane.


He won four straight. So yeah, there's never gonna be another tiger. Maybe Charlie. Maybe. Definitely Charlie. Let's say definitely Charlie. Double tiger. Alright, I am gonna pardon your guys'. Take this guy's take here. 'cause it's just dead wrong. Oh no. Biggest theory right now is the MLB. It's in the MLBI believe the reason traded devs in his contracts so they can make a play to trade for Paul Skees and pay him and lock him up early. They have all the young pieces and money now to do so. And the pirates always trade away. Trade away ACEs. So that's Copio. Yeah. Yeah. Which I, you have to have opium right now, which is, there has to be a reason why we did this stupid thing. But if you were so following this guy's logic wouldn't have you, wouldn't you have Wouldd have been a piece Devs For more like better prospects.


Yeah. You would've traded devs not for current starting pitching and relieving pitching. You would've traded devs for like guys that could end up being awesome and then saying, Hey pirates, look at all these guys. That could end up being awesome. Yeah. I think a lot of the criticism of the devs trade is that you traded devs, you didn't really get that much in return for 'em. At least what other teams have gotten for great sluggers. And you probably also did it because your owner is cheap and maybe your owner was just upset that he got blown off when he went to meet him. Wait, that was part of the story too. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, What was that? So like didn't answer a text message. Oh my God. I think John Henry made a trip to have like a face-to-face conversation with him. Like, Hey, we need to get on the same page. Let's be a good teammate.


And devs was not having it. But that also might be John Henry leaking stuff to the press because he's afraid of getting tea bagged. I do love like, just the story of a, a owner just getting his feelings hurt. It happens a lot. And just saying, I'm making this rash decision 'cause my feelings got hurt. It happens a lot. Yeah, it does. Oh, national sports podcast. Yeah. Did you see what Dan Quinn said about, about Deebo? No. Said I saw him running the other day. I was reminded he's one of the fastest players on the team. Wow. Fastest with an S. Is that a Hot Seat commanders? What do you mean? Well, if he's the fastest. One of the fastest. One of the fastest. Yeah. One of the fastest. One of the fastest. And you And you, he's, there was an S in what?


He said S That had an S. The fa. Not fastest. It was fastest. Fastest. His fastest. Deebo. Are you saying fattest or fastest? I said with the first time I said it, I said fastest with an S. Okay. Okay. Fast Debo. Fast Debo. Alright. Good. Show boys. What? Oh, memes is ready to go. Hank, we're gonna miss you. But I'm gonna miss you guys. Why? Part of me wants to just stay. But that's too, too good of a number, man. You already pay for a non-refundable. Non-refundable. Wow man. We should make a little behind the scenes video of like, Pardon My Take guys. By producer surprises round trip to Pebble Beach. We take care of our boys. We do. That's what we fucking do here.


Take best care of our boys. No problem, man. No prob Don't even thank us. Honestly, we don't even want Thanks. I We actually should cut all the, the part of us giving it away just 'cause we didn't do it for the accolades. Yeah. But if people want to thank us online at bars, Big Cat at p ft. Coter. Okay. Numbers 99. Oh, he's back. 99 means he's back Being a scumbag. Pug gave me permission. Okay. 55. Six, 14. I see three. I see three. 16, 21. No, I'm look, I'm literally looking at three. Hank can see it too.


I'll go 76. Hank, you got three, right? Yeah. What was your number? Zach? 14. You're gonna feel bad if this hits 99. Absolutely not. Yes. We'll make you feel bad. 23. Love you guys.