
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's part of my take it is Tim Woods with us and we're going back into the realm. We're gonna do some dungeon and dragons. We are on vacation. Absolutely. Absolutely. So Nick is here. We've got Max, Hank, PFT, and myself and Tim Woods bringing us on a great journey. One of the best ones. We've done Really good teamwork on this one. Really good teamwork. Really good teamwork. So very excited for everyone to listen.


Again, we're on vacation. We'll be back on Monday with an episode with Illa, but this is our once a year or twice a year. Dungeon Dragons vacation. And it's Tim Woods. It's the best. So get excited to go into the land of I, Tim Woods, land of Tim Woods. I can't even remember what the name of the place is called. Narnia. Narnia. We're going to Narnia. We're bringing Tim Woods with us. And


we're brought to you by our friends at DraftKings who's scoring big in the NBA this season. You are with the all new ways to get in on the action DraftKings Sports book. An official sports betting partner, the NBA DraftKings, the home of NBA Player. Pop props so you can get behind your favorite player. Any which way from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking an NBA player prop. Here's something special for first timers. New DraftKings customers bet $5. Get 150 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Okay, let's go. Football guy. Yeah. Welcome to part of my take. Presented by DraftKings. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code take. That's code take for new customers. Get $150 in in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings.


The crown is yours. Today is Friday, February 14th. Happy Valentine's Day boys. Happy Valentine's Day. I love you guys. Love you guys. Love you guys. I love you guys. Love you guys. We don't say It enough. We don't. So Valentine's Day special treat. Tim Woods. We're gonna be going off into the Dungeon Dragons world with Tim Woods. Nick Max, myself, PFT and Hank. Watch This on YouTube because the, the outfits that we Rock. Please and subscribe to the YouTube. Okay, let's, let's kick it to ourselves with Tim Woods.


We're brought to you by our friends at Chevy. Chevy has packed more capability into the Silverado Trail Boss so that you can pack more fun into your weekend. Have yourself a Friday, Saturday and sunny with the truck that says no to nothing. Tailgates spontaneous camping. Trips. Trips, DIY projects. Bring it on. What about a cross country road trip? Silverado was the perfect ride for last year's grit. Week out west. Recently they helped out giving fullbacks the recognition they deserve with the Low Man Award. And guess what? It's like a low man. It's like a fullback. 495 pounds of torque. Hold onto your sodas, max Silverados. Bring the grit, then pairs it with the latest truck tech inside and out the result. The truck that can do it all. Then show up on Monday with a story to tell. So learn more about the Silverado Trail. Boston chevy.com Chevrolet together. Let's drive.


Okay, here he is. Tim Woods and Dungeon and Dragons. Okay, we are back. It is Dungeon and Dragons time. We have Tim Woods here. We're very excited to get back into our mission. If you are listening to this on the podcast, you can go watch the video because we have an incredible set. We're all dressed up. Let's go around the room just for our podcast listeners. We'll start with Max. Max. Nick are both here. Max, why don't you say who you are and what you're dressed as. I am Hippo Maximus, the human Druid, and I am dressed as shredder. Ooh. From the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Universe.


Yes. Yeah, That's awesome. I am Greg, GREG, the human Paladin. And I am dressed as shredder oh TMNT. Oh Wow. I am Wayne the Hildorf hild dwarf bard. And today imagine my surprise when I came up here and I'm also dressed as shredder. Oh shit. We got three shredders. Bad Guy from teenage mt. Yeah, I'm, I'm Norm the human barbarian. And we obviously didn't talk about this before 'cause we should have planned better. I I'm also shredder Embarrassing at this point. Yeah. And I'll complete the, complete the Fivesome. I'm erlich the no more lock. And I am Leonardo from, oh No, We shredder this one turtle.


I was excited to finish this mission together. This is the first time we made it two episodes and you know, we really bonded last time and I was let astray before we Win the game. Well, what? Don't stop us from bonding today. Yeah. We're going to, let's all stay Together. Well maybe let's give give some context for the Ninja Turtles. Maybe they don't know the, the lore. Yeah. There's four Ninja Turtles. Yep. So like those, we got four costumes for Ninja Turtles. I think someone was gonna, I think Max was gonna be April O'Neill. But accidentally we all, we all ended up being shredders who are, who is the bad guy? Yeah. Nick Actually texted me like a picture over the weekend, like of an avatar. He is like, oh, I got my costume all set. Yeah. I was like, nice. But listen, we're all gonna stay together. I think the number one rule is all stay together.


Number two rule is shredders definitely stay together until the end. Yeah. Yeah. Number Number two rule might be number one rule. It's fluid. They where the priority goes. If you've ever watched Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, shredder is in every episode. The Ninja Turtles are in like every episode. They never actually Kill each other. Yeah. Mm. They just fight. They fight. Alright, so Tim, welcome back. Thanks for Having me back. It's good to be back. It's awesome. Is that A horn? I'm Dr. This is my ranger guard. You can kind of think of a ranger as I would say, like a medieval shredder a little bit.


Fuck yes. And as we pointed out, we did in our last session for the first time, both get to the end of the adventure for that day and no one had gotten killed. So I, I don't know if that will hold up today or not, but I'm very excited. Yeah. It's so stupid. There's so many shredders Weep. We did end things on a very exciting cliffhanger last time. We did decide that we would do the extended version of the Forge of Fury Adventure where we completed level one. But now we're discovering there's more to the adventure. I don't expect anybody to remember anything from last time.


It's been six months. I had to rewatch the episode. So I will give us some highlights. Oh. Of what happened last time. I first wanna say that Norm, the Barbarian, just a reminder did go to the bar and chug the boot in record time. That was a big part of the beginning of last time. And won over the hearts and souls of all of the dwarves in the town of Blazing De by setting a new record on chugging. Okay. So big celebrity in town for Sure. Also, just for clarification, norm the barbarian AKA shredder four Oh Shred Four. Absolutely. Working our way down shredders. Absolutely. You're keeping scored home. Absolutely. Greg with two Gs, the Paladin.


I did wanna remind you that you did get some good information and, and potions and stuff when you went to the local temple. You also did get a husband as well. Oh yeah, you did put a wedding ring on the high priest. Oh, that was completely accidental. I was accidental. He accident. He was like, oops, we are married now and he is now escorting you on your adventure. I promise that won't no shit like that will happen again. Definitely not. And it's not only the, your your the high priest who I'm naming Horn Grim Horn Grimm. Your husband is with you as well as your moth. Don't forget you have a big moth that you ride on. And I never asked a very important question. That Moth gets a name at some point. So. Well you can cook on that. Or if you have, do you have a Succession? Yeah, I was gonna say maybe shredder.


Shredder five Shredder. Five shredder. A Good moth name. I would say Little shredder. Little shredder. That Sounds fucking little Shredder. Why do I think shredder had a mini per Okay, nevermind. Little shredder is gonna be your noted moth. 100%. I wanted to make sure we remembered that Wayne. We did meet your family, most notably your stepsister who was revealed to be in fact not your biological sister but your stepsister. But only after she slept with the final boss of our last adventure. That's right. The ogre great of well she Got, she got stuck in the window and then he had to get around. Yeah. But That said, that'll happen. That'll happen.


I've seen a lot of footage of that. So Is that, is that shred? That could certainly be shred. Let me just make a quick adjustment here. Shred. That's what I picked. That's so weird. That's so weird. Was been Pissed if she Was Absolutely. That's so perfectly worth Ever. People are gonna either hate it or love me. I mean we're all shredders. My parents would be so upset if I brought home a not shredder. Oh my God. Yes. My grandfather would be rolling over in his grave Shredder literally Won't share the same values that we have in our giant underground tank vehicle. And so we, we may run into your family again at some point, Wayne, in this adventure Hippo Maximus, I wanted to remind you that you had acquired a valuable guide who helped lead us to the mountain that was big.


Don the eagle, who I am sorry to say, did unfortunately die in their first round of combat after they rolled a one and immediately got one shot by an orc. I also want to extend an apology. I watched the footage. I feel like I was gloating a little bit and having too much fun with that. But it was an epic way for big Don the eagle to go down. And who knows, you might be able to acquire some new animal companions in your adventure today. And just reminder, you still have the ability to shapeshift into different animal forms. Your most important druid ability to be a ram. Absolutely. Yeah. And of course Ehrlich, lest we forget it was you who delivered the final fireball that killed off the remaining orcs that we were fighting and revealed that the key had been picked up by like the old chieftain who had not wanted to give it to the big dumb ogre who is currently sleeping with the stepsister.


And you had caught thanks to some inspiration from Wayne the key we went over, we opened up the vault that held the valuable magic weapons in gold, including the mighty acts of the Dwarven blacksmith. Edin only defined the vault was completely empty. Mm. Instead what we found was the empty vault and a secret door that had been dug up into the vault with a staircase that goes downward to level two of the Forge of Fury. And whoever dug that tunnel clearly has taken the treasure. We came here for to lay claim to. Just a reminder also, everyone here is looking for the ax, but for very, very different reasons.


Some of us can wield it. Some of us wanna destroy the ax in order to harvest its power. But we have not yet decided who's gonna get the ax at the end of the day. So that's what we're looking for. We know there's a staircase leading down deeper into the dungeon where these thieves, not that it was our ax really, but they took it first. They that we need to reclaim the treasure from. That's our end goal, not related to any of that. If someone were to acquire this ax, is it like an immunity ax? Like you kind of can't die if you have it. It's Not really an immunity ax though. It does give you a men's power for defeating people who might try to take the ax from you. I establish that both the P in a barbarian can wield the ax are dwarf and barred. Also being a dwarf can wield the ax.


Whereas you are maybe looking to take the ax, destroy it, harvest its power, and gain the power of a hundred souls, which would be very helpful for defeating anyone who is trying to kill you. Like, I don't know, a shredder or something. Something like that. If any of us find the ax, we share it amongst all Ourselves. Shred, Shred. We like pizza. Like a piece of pizza. 100% max. Feel like your drew in circle wants to get this axe to like, So we're trying to get the ax, but surely it'll be very, very dangerous to get there. People Make it hurt. I would say that we don't know exactly who took this ax, but they clearly brought it deeper into the dungeon where things get a lot more dangerous for certain. And speaking of danger, I will also say that when we notice that the sound has died down from the ogres bedroom And we kind of might even check in to see what's going on in there.


The ogre and your stepsister are completely missing. We do not see them anywhere. It's as though someone has maybe kidnapped your stepsister. Perhaps it is unclear what has happened to them. And you notice a blood stain. You look under the bed, the ogres dead, someone cut the ogres throat and there are signs that your, there was some sort of a struggle here. Your sister appears to be missing. I got a situation, so, so someone cut the ogres throat? Yes. Does anyone here have a sword? I don't seem to, This sounds like gone girl. I've got a crossbo. No, no, I'm saying physically. Oh, holding are holding, holding, holding a Sword.


I was, I was getting the key. Oh, you have a sword? Mm, yeah. Where were you getting the key from? I was I I, I got a, I got a alibi. Okay. I was up in the, I was up in the vault. Why is there blood on your sword? Ooh, There's no, okay, I Will. I will also say that as we're kind of pondering these staircase downward, deeper into the dungeon, there is another character showing up. We had left a few orcs alive. There had been a shaman, a blood shaman who like was no longer a threat or anything. But one orc opens up the door to where all the dead orcs in the barracks are that you had cooked with your fireball. And this individual immediately starts talking really loudly. They seem like a particularly weak and flimsy orc that we could defeat easily.


But he starts loudly saying, oh, I wash smells in here. There's some kind of the hamburgers. And he smells the bodies. No, not them. And he starts walking over to us. This orc just popped out of nowhere and he starts stiffing us. It's not hamburgers. Our smell. And he starts to smell norm in particular at this point. Anybody can attack this guy, but he's acting like we're not gonna do anything to him. And as he sniffs, he says, it's not hamburgers at all. I'm smelling sliders. My name's poopy stinks. Oh No. But I'm also patrol And see I can just smell sliders from pretty far away.


Oh no, no. I can smell. The guards are favoring you. All right Now you are using sliders right now. The guards are making things pretty easy for you. I can tell. Watch the shaman taught me some blood magic. He takes a little needle and kinda like hits his palm trips a drop of blood onto the wall and all of a sudden his blood starts to move around riding on the wall and it says in clear common tongue player strength high. And then underneath it, the word forms monster strength low. And he points and says, you guys are using sliders right now. All the other people doing this adventure have been playing it hard mode.


Do you wanna play it hard or easy mode? Oh no. Is the audience gonna know if we choose to play it easy mode? Ah, if we do it before we start the stream, they won't. Okay. So we don't like sliders In theory. We love using of Sliders. Yeah, we love sliders. We just like to change 'em before people can see. We just don't want people to know that we're doing sliders. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I wanna play hard mode. Absolutely. You gotta play hard teams. You gotta play hard teams to win. You touch where it says enemy difficulty. Easy and immediately it's the slider starts to move over and now it is set to heart. Can we all act surprised that we didn't know it was on low?


Absolutely. 100%. Absolutely. Yes. To be the man, you gotta beat the man. Absolutely. And you feel like the mountain shutter just a little bit. And he says, all right, now you're playing without sliders. Well done. Well done. I wanna watch and poopy stinks is gonna be following us. It seems deeper into the mountain and maybe occasionally like insulting our performance or something like that. Oh shit. But at this point, to see what order we are gonna be going in today, I'm gonna ask everybody to roll their D 20, the 20 sided die. And I'm gonna be adding your dexterity bonuses to see what order our characters are gonna go in. Okay, Nice.


17. 17. My god. Ehrlich, you have a plus two on this. So that's a 19 total for Ehrlich. Two. Damn two. Okay. Hey, we're the same team bro. You don't have advantage on this yet. So unfortunately two plus one is just gonna be a three for norm. I got a 15. 15. And you have a plus three on this I believe actually. And so you said 16. 15. 15. So that is now an 18 for Wayne. Excellent. 17. 17. And you have a plus zero on this I believe so with a 17 you'll be going right after Wayne. And that is Greg and Hippo Maximus 10 10 for Hippo Maximus. That's a plus one. So you got an 11 total Hippo Maximus.


So Erlich, you are actually be going, gonna be going first today. Leader, our leader. Just walk out in front of us there. We'll we catch Up in a second percent leader of the turtles. 100%. All right. Hank your Last turn. Make it count. Absolutely. Absolutely. There is a staircase leading down deeper into the mountain and you can even make out dusty footprints that seem to indicate the thieves did go up and down these stairs. There's also an annoying orc slash troll named Poopy stink around. And that's about all we're dealing with so far. What would you like to do? Can I disguise myself? You certainly could. In fact, when we last saw you on our last adventure, you had been disguised as the orc archer who fell off the cliff when Wayne had been tantalizing him along with a mixture of money and his stepsister as bait.


So you have definitely already been an orc disguise. You can use another spell slot to switch to another disguise. I would like to do that. What do you Wanna change into? Let's go with shredder. Absolutely. 100% A shredder suddenly appears where you had been standing. Ehrlich it shredder looks massive and scary. You're a gnome. So this is sort of like you're inside of a big tent, it's like moving around with you. But this illusion is much bigger than you. And so you now look like shredder. 100% big scary ninja Lord. Awesome Time. Absolutely 100%. Hank, don't use the hard R if you're gonna say shredder. Yeah, you're not allowed their word actually. So you certainly use your action to cast disguise.


I would even say maybe that's your bonus action. Was there anything else you wanna do on your turn? Currently we are just all shredders knowing I used to always tell who is what Shredder as it were. Yeah, five shredders. Who could've seen us here? It's incredible. You could certainly look down the stairs, try to scout around, see what you can see. You could head down the stairs, either sneakily or in an obvious way and check out what's going on down there. Or you could, Could I do a burning hands launch a cone of fire ahead of me? You certainly smoke It out could. However, the burning hands only goes about 15 feet and when you look down the stairs, you don't see anybody within 15 feet though. There could be somebody who's invisible or something like that. It's totally up to You. Alright, so I'll just do some, I'll just scout that.


Absolutely. That would be a perception check. You wanna roll a D 20 plus your perception skill bonus if you have a perception skill bonus, I don't think you do. So your wisdom modifier would just be a plus one here. 19. 19 Plus one is a dirty 20. We would, let's say, and so with the dirty 20, you are immediately noticing dirty dub. What is at the bottom of these stairs? They go about 20 feet down and they open into an octagonal room. The stairs are heading down to the north. And then once you get to the bottom of the stairs, you can tell that straight ahead against the northern wall is a big DN statue holding two axes up in the air. He's kind of armored in a sort of way that looks like a little bit like a ninja lord, like maybe like a shredder, possibly.


And then on the eastern side is another dhan statue with a big ax on the western side. A third DN statue with a big ax. In between each statue there is a pair of doors, so double doors on the northwest and double doors on the northeast. Two sets of double doors with three statues interspersed between them. However, with a 20 you can tell one important detail. These doors are sealed and trapped in such a way that you know the statues have hinges on their like elbow or elbows and like shoulders.


These axes will come down upon you if you try to open these doors so you know that before you even head down the stairs. These are two sets of trapped doors right now. Did you want to go try anything down there or No? I, I think I'd like to keep that to myself and then maybe one of them will try and open one of the doors. Thank You for letting me know that. So none of us know the information I just said and Ehrlich. Great. Turn. Good turn. Wayne, that is now your turn. What would you like to do? Okay, these the, I'm not allowed to know about the statues, Right? You don't know about the statues yet? Okay. He hasn't said anything to you. Okay. But I'm thinking that if we go down these steps, I'm interested to know what's in that room. Because it might be like where we can find the ax.


It's probably in there some Interest. Absolutely. You like that? So I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go down these steps 100%. Go ahead and roll. Well you don't have to roll anything to go down the steps. Okay. You get down the steps, you can immediately see three dovan statues. Oh, crazy. Okay. You can see the doors. Just don't know anything else about them. Got it. Would you Like to examine them or do you I Would like to, I, I get the feeling like one of these statues might have an arm or maybe the head tips back and it opens up one of the doors. You know like an old school like trap door, maybe a speakeasy on the other side. Absolutely. 100 Dude. Perfect candy room. Yeah. Can I go up to, to all the statues and just like move their heads around? 100%. Roll me a D 20 plus your investigation skill.


Do you have the investigation skill under skills by Any chance? I use a skill. I have perception. Perception Is what you can use then in that case that's gonna be better than whatever your investigation Would've been is. But I also have sleight of hand. Can I use my hands to make I'd allow that 100%. Okay. Yes, definitely. All Right. Seven. Seven Plus five. Plus five with a 12. You are trying to wiggle these statues. It's not working really right now though. There's something about the arms that might move. I would let you try again if you want, but then if you don't succeed you might be risking stuff. Like you could try to really push these statues and take a risk on it. I don't Think anything bad can happen. No, totally.


Okay. Yeah, I'll try again. Absolutely. Try one more time. Roll again. 18. 18 plus five. Nice. Here's the thing at the very last minute is you're really trying to push the arm and all of a sudden it starts to shift. You're like, wait, wait, it's gonna drop the ax on me. You don't do that. And instead you get to the top of the statue. And I like what you said about the head. So I'm gonna say the trigger for this secret door that you just discovered was shifting the head. As soon as you tilt the head, the eastern wall behind the eastern statue starts to slide open. It was a secret door but not to a speakeasy. It seems like there's another staircase now going down to the east that opens up into a big dwarf in a hall.


Kind of think moria where the pillars seem to be disappearing into the distance. You can tell that there is a big room down the stairs and you did not set off any traps. Congratulations. Nice. Now that was your action as a bonus action. Would you like to inspire any of your teammates? Yeah, I'd love to inspire my teammates. Absolutely. Who's up next? Who In theory it would be Greg Next. Yeah, I'll inspire Greg. Thank you. Absolutely. Let's talk Greg up. Gas up the boy. Absolutely. What do you say to gas him up? I just say I scream down the hall. My boy over there thinks you're cute and I point at Greg. Nice. You you shout that down the stairs. Is that right? Okay. 100%. You kind of shout that. And Greg, you know whoever's down there, there Dick coming down, Going to think that you're probably cute.


And so what husband that's gonna bring us About this is Greg's husband. You do notice that your husband, the high priest, horn Graham, I'm gonna roll to see how upset he is. The higher I roll, the more he heard that You don't want a cranky husband. Do you want him to be upset though? Make him a little jealous. He seems like he's, he puts like the little, like the horn up to his ear to try to hear what's going on. He didn't hear that at all. He never lose. He also healed all of us for our wounds. He, he is a healer. He can. So we're all good. We're all at full hit points. Your husband Gay please touched us. Yeah. Okay. He laid his hands on Son's situation. Yeah. You have the best touching husband. I want a gay divorce. A hundred percent. Absolutely.


He, I do feel like he is agreeing that like your whole marriage, so Ernie was accidental but entirely legally binding. So he is like, it's unfortunately a multi-month process to go through do and divorce court. So it's going to take a while but we can, we can get the process started and he kind of looks down a little sad if you, if that's what you want. Do I have like some sort of like braces on my hands? Gloves? Yeah, I would say so. Probably. Do they fit Spikes on him? Yeah. I wanna kill my partner. Oh my gosh. You absolutely can if you want to do that. He is looking rather sad and heartbroken And you have a sword you could slay him with right now you also have a lance you could with I Wanna lance Lance bass.


Absolutely. Hundred percent. Do you, do you like, so you told him you wanted divorce? I've been laning my husband. Yeah, He, he's pretty upset about it. Do you get on your moth to charge him with the lance? I feel like, I feel like that's only right. Absolutely. Do you, do you let him see it coming? No. Or do you You just, you're giving him a mercy killing from buying. You never do roll a total of three times. You get one advantage because you're on your moth's back. You get another advantage because you're surprising him. And I'll be honest, he doesn't see it coming. So roll a D 23 times and take the highest result. Did you pick a name for the moth Nick? It is little shredder. The little shredder. Eight eight so far. Unfortunately that might not be enough. 2020.


You can stop rolling. No. Better number better than that. So I don't even need a dice roll for this. Even without smiting him. That is an insta kill on high priest horn grim. I'm with you are form. You are now a widower. 100%. Absolutely. And that whittles down our list of NPCs pretty nicely. Love it. Excellent. You've still got little shredder the moth and lest I forget, I also wanna remind Norm the barbarian, you have Magnus steel toe, a dwarf who came from the bar to hang out with you. You, he hasn't really, he scored us to the mountain and now he's just having a good time drinking. And I also just wanna remind you because you may need to know, remember this Ehrlich, you do have an amp last time. Yeah. I forgot about your MP Lola.


Lola may be the difference between life and death for you today. So just a reminder, but Greg, your husband is now dead. What would you like to do with the Rest of your turn? Can I invest, investigate the corpse that was left under the bed. Oh yes. You certainly could. Please roll for me. Either an insight, skill check or perception. Whichever skill you have. Do you have either of those? I have neither. Okay, then you would've a plus one from Wisdom for investigating the crime scene here as it was. Okay, so do I need to roll Any, just roll a D 20 And you're adding plus one 'cause you don't have either of those skills. Just wasted. 13 plus one. 13 plus one is a 14. You're gonna get one clue about this crime scene. What is the thing you want to know the most here?


What direction the killer escaped from. Ooh, interesting. You are now noticing that somehow maybe while we were resting and getting healed by your ex hu, your late husband. Thank you. You are noticing someone must have snuck out of the room and gone down the very stairs that we are now going down. So they're down here ahead of us. Whoever killed great Olf and took the stepsister. Really good stuff. Well good, well done Greg.


Quick break from the Dungeon and Dragons to talk about getting in shape. Planet Fitness. Everybody can get strong at Planet Fitness High value membership that supports any fitness journey as low as $15 a month. Planet Fitness has over 2,700 club locations with most clubs open 24 hours. Judgment free environment best in class equipment has the same high quality equipment as other more expensive gyms for a full workout. From strength training to cardio and stretching, brand new plate loaded machines, hack squats, supine bench and calf rays. Friendly welcoming staff, unlimited free fitness training PF app with tons of free workouts. They have everything. We have it here at the parcel office. We office, we have free weights, we have the Smith Mach machine, we have the treadmill, the core Elevate. We're gonna get in shape. This is the new year to get in shape football season's over time to get into a Planet Fitness. We're all strong on this planet. Join today in club online or in the free pf app. Hours, amenities and offers Vary by club. Check out planet fitness.com or stop by your local club For more information. Must be 18 years or older to enroll or 13 to 17 years old with a parent or guardian. Go check 'em out now. Planet Fitness, you can join in a club or with the PF app.


We're also brought to you by our friends at Mountain Dew. Listen, we love Mountain Dew. It's the best Baja blast. The best. Add a blast of refreshing tropical lime flavor to your game day with Mountain Dew. Baja Blast, Mountain Dew. Baja blast. Part of my game day ritual. Listen, it was football season, now it's college basketball season. So when I'm sitting watching a college basketball slate on a Saturday, I got a Mountain Dew Baja blast in my hands and all my friends do as well. The tropical lime flavor of Mountain Dew Baja Blast is as refreshing as a buzzer beater. It's as refreshing as a and one with 10 seconds left. It's as refreshing as hitting all your free throws. Please make your free throws. So ride the Baja Wave on game day and grab Mountain Dew Baja blast for you and your crew. Wherever refreshing beverages are sold with Mountain Dew.


Okay, let's kick it back to Tim Woods. That is gonna bring us to Hippo Max next. Sorry for your loss. Next it's, It's, I'm also sorry for your loss. Yeah, Tragic. Thank You. So I'm gonna want to check down those steps. 100% you can. We've revealed the secret door. That was the big test in the first room and now you can see down the stairs it opens up into some multi pillar, big dwarven hall. But from the top of the stairs we can't see the whole room. So you could go down the stairs, you could make a perception check from the top of the stairs. You can do whatever you want. I Wanna go right down those stairs Actually. Are you going in human form or turning into an animal first? You might wanna see what's down there before you turn into an animal. Yeah, I would like, I would like to stay in human form for now. That makes complete sense.


So you start to go down the stairs. If I had, if I had to, it's a Little early in the day. Start morphing Now I'll say that. I mean if, if you Morph into something else already you, how can you be trusted? Right. It's not even, especially if it's not even known yet. Max fit in with like the rest of the crowd. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's True. Absolutely. Now this is an area where, because we picked a different difficulty, the AWS who have played this adventure would be expecting you to see something. When you get down to the bottom of the stairs, you see a dwarven hall with six pillars. There's a bunch of dwarves leading out of here to the left. There's two doors on the northern wall to the right. There's two doors on the southern wall and then straight ahead on the eastern wall is a throne, a big dwarven throne with a door behind that.


Five different doors to pick from and there's a bunch of beds in the middle of the floor sleeping bags around a campfire like somebody has been hunkering down in here and using this as like a base of operations kind of. But you don't see anybody in this room though. When you listen, you think you hear someone uhoh but you don't see them. What would you like to do? Is there anything? Is there anything that I could roll to try and get more wisdom of where they can Be? That's absolutely, that would be a perception check. Okay. Do you have the perception skill by any chance? I do not have the perception, Skill skills. Then you would have a plus three from your wisdom because you're a very wise character as, So I'm rolling a D 20, D 20 plus three.


Okay that would be a 16. 16 plus three is a 19. Here's the first thing I'm gonna tell you. You understand what's going on here. There are people in the room with you. They are using magical Invisibility. You think I'm gonna ask for you to roll a knowledge check for me. You also know there are at least two, maybe three, maybe more individuals in this room giving very foot clan vibes. I would say very sneaky, very invisible. It seems Like a Harry Potter situation. Absolutely. You're very much. Yep. Roll me eight D 20 plus your nature skill. If you can roll really well on this, you might have a clue as to who or what these people might be Four.


Unfortunately all you know for sure is you think you hear the clanking of armor, like whoever they are. They're not terribly sneaky but they are invisible. You can hear them in heavy armor though slowly trying to maneuver like they might be trying to surround you right now. You still have your action to either cast a spell or do an attack. The problem is you don't see anybody right now. Could I could, could I now, could I now shape into something else? You certainly could. Yes. That would be the final thing you get to do. But you can turn into an animal if you want. And I put some sample animals down there, but really can turn into whatever animal you want. You gotta Defend yourself something with like a shell. If I could you see with with night vision?


Yeah like an owl. Is there like could I be like a snapping turtle? You could be, yes. 100%. Okay. A, you could turn into a giant snapping turtle that would be the size of a human, if not a little bit bigger with a big spiky shell and a pretty powerful bite attack I would say as well. Okay. Alright. Think about snapping turtle. You turn to a big turtle, you're like looking around, not like where are they? Where are they? And you even hear somebody like whisper like oh shit under their breath as they see you change into this terrifying animal. Gonna put snapping turtle down here. So I remember best of all, if you take any damage in this form, you lose the turtle hip points. But if you get knocked out of turtle form, if you go down into zero hip points in turtle form, you just turn right back into a human dru.


Back to shredder, back into shredder. 100% my My true self. However, I dunno why, but max is making me very angry right now. Looking at him. God, Yeah, no it's okay. Something about how you look just makes me wanna kill you. There's something about snapping turtles. Yeah, absolutely. Now at this point, actually no, not yet. Something else is gonna happen first. Magnus steel toe. Your good dwarven friend is by our side right now. Would you like to send him down or would you like to hold him back or have him do something else? He's ready to start heading down the stairs. Check Out what going on. I'm all the guys right now. You Are? Yeah, yeah. Send, send him down. Absolutely. He goes rushing down and it is right after he comes rushing down that all a sudden from behind one of the pillars, crossbo bowl.


Oh fuck. Comes flying out right at Magnus. Oh, I'm gonna say this is an attack against him. It actually just barely misses Magnus luckily. Oh Magnus Come Back. Absolutely And we see whoever fired that is now visible. We see what looks like a giant sized dwarf of some kind with gray skin and white hair who disappears behind the pillar but only 'cause he's hiding behind it. Now you know he was invisible. He is no longer invisible actually because he was invisible. I need to roll a second time to see if he hits Magnus. No, he still doesn't hit Magnus. Luckily then suddenly behind you and Acts comes down upon your shell again with advantage because he's invisible and you see that.


Nope. Just barely a miss against you because you have a turtle shell. It is just barely deflecting off your shell. A DA, a big dwarf in armor again, gray skin, white hair and he tries to retreat away from you. The moment he does, you get a free attack against him. Hippo Maximus. Oh shit. You can roll me a D 20 plus five max. You can snap at this guy. Something about turtles that are just such a point of attack here. 12. 12 plus your snapping turtle form would've a plus five that is just barely a hit against this guy. Well done. You need a 16 or higher. So roll 2D six, the cube shape to die. Add 'em up and ad plus four.


Okay. And this will be the guy with the X Or feast A five. Okay. And then the next one will be upstairs A four. A four and a five is nine plus another four is gonna be 13. You can tell this guy with the ax continues retreating. He's not quite halfway dead yet. And this guy looks pretty tough. Anyone who's looking at these two gray skin dwarves can immediately roll a D 20. If you roll well enough, you might know who it is. We are fighting right now. Go ahead. I roll. Are we all looking? Everybody can 100% Everybody who is down there right now, which I would say at this point is everybody.


I Got a four. Absolutely. I got a two again. Ooh. Ooh. I roll a one boys. I got a three. Three. Dang. Wow. Absolutely. And max wait, I'm also going. You also can try. The problem is you can't communicate 'cause you're in turtle four. True turtle Power turtles. That's a problem. That would be a six. A six is not enough still. I think we combined all of our numbers. That's not enough. You wanted us To roll a D 20. A D 20. Yes. Oh I was rolling a DI was rolling D six. No, sorry, not the D six you on. That would be the great roll then on the D six, that's why you wanna roll 1D 20 to see if you are and you add a plus two for your nature skills as well. This Seven seven, I'm sorry to say no one knows. These seem like they are evil dwarves.


They have gray skin, white hair and their eyes are really creepy. No pupils or irises pure white. And as they are fighting us, they look like they're vicious and much larger than a dwarf should be at this point. Norm, if you could just roll for Magnus as well, since he's not dead, he might know what's going on here. Two Again. Two again. Three, Two, several Actually, he hass advantage on this because he is a dwarf and of course he does. You can roll a second time as well because you're also a D 1212. He might know something about this. Okay. And then Wayne, let's see if you also know That's a leaner. Leaner. Yeah. Cock die. Absolutely. Roll again. 100%.


Is that, is that what I think it is? I don't. Or is that cocked again? I think it's, I'm, I think I double make, I double caught. No. Okay, fair enough. Fair enough. That's a four. Okay, So I'll Say 20. It was almost a 20. We get the name from Magnus steel toe. I'll just say the Horn Grimm might have known the exact answer to this automatically. But he knows that there are different types of dwarves. There are mountain dwarves, there are hill dwarves and then there are no what is known as the deep dwarves. The D Duar. They are evil dwarves who instead of delving down to the earth, come up from the deepest levels of the under dark and make war upon their surface.


Brethren, the good dwarves who live on the surface, the duar must have come creeping up from below burrowed their way into the vault. And it is very likely that they are the ones who have stolen the treasure that we are looking for. Dway. Gar would love to get their hands on things like axes and magic weapons created by their surface brethren. And so we know we are fighting some evil dwarves who have the ability to magically enlarge themselves and turn invisible. And so that was Magnus steel toe and then the dway gar on their turn horn grim is out of initiative. So poopy stinks. The orc starts going, oh you guys, you gotta start killing them.


Do better, do better. And Norm we are up to you now. Okay, what would you like to do? Okay, You know me Tim, norm the barbarian AKA shredder four. I got blood lust, I want to kill 100%. Yes. That what I'm Thinking. Who do you wanna kill? Poop. I want kill poopy sticks. Yeah And we gotta make this, we gotta go back to easy. Absolutely. Poopy sticks. And we we'll go sliders back to easy. Absolutely. Yes. Fuck this Guy 100%. You immediately ready your ax, you go. Yeah. Get them. Get them. And before he even realizes what you're doing, you're already pivoting in midair and going to hack into poopy.


Stinks. Yes. Go ahead. And you already have advantage. You get to roll the D 22 times because you're surprising him. But let me ask, are you also going reckless? I'm Going reckless then you can roll three times on this attack. Let's go 14. 14. Absolutely 16. 16 is great. 100%. 15. 15. So with the 16 and you I think you have a plus like seven on your attack. That's a 23. And poopy stinks goes. No my my arm's higher too. 'cause you set the difficulty to Ah. And it's still enough to hit him. Yes. Well done. You are hitting him. But I know how many hip points he has currently. Go ahead and roll 2D six plus six damage.


Assuming of course you are raging right now. That is the D six. Bingo. You wanna roll that two times and add six to the total One? Ooh, that's Bad. That's not green, that's bad. Seven damage so far. Four. Four. Four. That's 11 damage total. And at this difficulty, poopy stinks. Pad 10 hp. He is just barely slain with your first attack. Well done. And immediately I will let you touch the blood stain and move slide Touch slide. We're going back to easy boys. Immediately we don't poop things to get up our ass anymore. You can now tell the dway, the dway guard with the ax is halfway dead now everybody congratulations. Yes. Point bar just went down.


Well done. Suck my dick. Goofy stinks. Absolutely And and nothing more satisfying than getting to kill people that we can't normally kill over the internet. Yes. And so Norm, that was only your first attack. You still have one more attack? Okay. Who would you like to deliver it to? There's one dway who is now thanks to you halfway dead. Alright, We gotta, I gotta kill Dway guard. Right? You can also see a full strength dway guard pointing a crossbo at us. Oh. So you can go after. After either one you'll easily probably be able to kill the one. Let's see the crossbow guy. 'cause then you guys can clean up. 'cause the other, there's one Dway Dway full strength crossbow. One Dway Gar half strength. Correct. Let's go for the full strength. Wait, Wait, he's ready to shoot. Which one is, he's not ready to shoot yet, but he's gonna on his next turn.


Which one Get one hostage. Do We know currently the one with the crossbow? I hostage. Hostage. Yeah, hostage. Can we get the half half guy Hostage? We could take, We kill the crossbow guy first. Yeah. And then take the weak one. Okay. Kill the weak one and then convince the other guy. Be like, look, we'll do that to you. Kill the strong one. Convince the weak one. Okay. If you kill their allies, it usually makes them easier to surrender. And like Pokemon, they're easier to catch if they're a little weak. Okay. All right. So let's kill the strong one. Absolutely. Before I do that though, can I just, I got a friend who's in, he's had a tough go of it. Can I just lightly kiss Greg on the lips?


You certainly can. As you run down the stairs, His gay husband, 100% you can just, just, Just a little, You'll be running right by him to get to the Duane guard. Just so just a quick bonus. I'll say as part of your raging bonus action. Yeah, yeah. Kiss. Yeah. What do I roll if I get hard? Roll me a D 20. If you get a 24 4, no, you're pretty soft actually. It's pretty good. This usually doesn't happen to you. Yeah, It'll Happen. My husband just died. I I, you can tell me if you feel like you should be rolling a second time. Like if there's double the chance you might have advantage on this as it were. And you won roll again. Oh, that's, that's up to you to decide. Yeah. If you think your character would like it, then you have to roll again.


I'm sorry to say. Yeah, let's give you like 10 minutes to try. It always works. Not as soft as you were before, but it's like half like and close. So yeah, let's get it's though. Solid kiss. And you can run to the crossbow dway guard at the other side of the room. Norm, the moment you do suddenly as you are crossing the distance to get into melee with him, another invisible dway. Gar tries to plant a pair of axes into your back as you run past the pillar that he was hiding behind. I'm sorry to say only Had a hard shell on your back. He's going to hit you with the first one and actually he gets another roll because you're going reckless right now.


Oh no. Okay. Didn't crit. But he hits you with the first one and then the second one is gonna be another hit. I am sorry to say that's two separate hits with two separate hand axes. And he is going to get for the first hand ax, a total of looks like it's gonna be five plus three eight damage. I can Handle that. You are raging. You don't take eight damage, you take four damage from the first attack. Love that. The second attack would've been 11. Ah, gets half down to five. Okay, so you took nine damage in all. You still have 50 HP left. I'm good out of your 59 right now. I'm good. You're fine.


I'm fine. But yeah, partially because of the slide. Yep. And so you are absolutely able to either turn back on this guy and attack him or go for the full strength guy with the crossbow. But now you know there's two to agar with full strength, Not just one. I turn back on the guy and he just hit me. You gotta defend yourself. Yeah. Otherwise they're all gonna think you're a bitch. Yeah. All right. I'm gonna, I'm gonna turn around and fuck this guy Up. Absolutely. Go ahead and roll with your reckless attack two times and take the higher number. 17. 1917 is a hit already, but let's see if you crit 19. 19. I mean even better. You are definitely hitting him. Four, 2D six plus six damage with your great sword.


4, 4, 2. Two. So six plus six is 12 damage on the dway guard with his double hand s He's very much like a ddu guard ranger, you think with double hand axes and like he's cloak thrown up like he's an extra sneaky ddu guard. So he actually has a little less hip points than the others. 12. Okay. He's halfway dead for him. Okay, Well done. So you got two half dead Dre Dre guards. Exactly right. 100% well done on your turn norm. That's both of the attacks that you get. And then Erlich, that is gonna bring us background to the top of initiative with you. At some point the dway guard are gonna go, we actually got a lot of us in a row before they get a chance to. And do I get, does Lola get to attack as well?


Yes. Thank you for remembering that 100%. Lola absolutely gets to attack. Lola also is the other person here who definitely has the invisibility ability spell. So she I'm gonna assume is invisible right now at the beginning of combat. And so she'll have advantage on stinging anybody that she can see. But unfortunately being invisible does not mean you can see other invisible people. I also, it says here it can shapeshift. I would like to, it can shapeshift into a raven spider rat. I think about the rat. She's in rat form right now. Perfect. She can be invisible in rat form either way. Winter. Yes. Are you master? Are you master splinter? I hate that. I fucking hate master splinter. Yes, Absolutely. You don't know who master splinter is?


Yeah, I do. Oh you do? What am I doing? Oh, So if you are gonna have her go attack, who do you want her to? To attack the guy with the hand axes. The guy with the big ax or the guy with the crossbow? Crossbo. Absolutely. 100%. You're going for the full guy. Full strength of the crossbow. Roll me since she's invisible in rat form. Roll me with advantage a D 22 times and take the higher number. That'd be one. Ooh. Okay. Good thing she's invisible. 18. 18. 18. There you go. She has a plus five to hit. So with a 23, you're hitting the guy with the crossbow. Four 1D four plus three damage with a stinger.


A scorpion stinger. Then I'm gonna say he is coming out of the rat tail for sure. So it'd be the D four. It is the pyramid shaped dye. You're looking for the number on top One. Ooh. I'm sorry to say with a plus three. That's four damage against him so far. But then the poison kicks in. Yes. I would like you to please roll for me 3D sixes in all and add 'em up. That's a lot of poison damage. That's three. Three. Gimme six. Three. Three. Okay. 6 0 4. Come on. Four. Four. Okay, so 10 damage. All right. Unfortunately Dway, our being dwarves. Dwarves in our group would know they have advantage on saving throws against the poison.


So they're gonna try to shake it off. First is not a success, but let's try the second roll. That is enough to succeed. They're taking half that damage. So five. And then Ddu uvs who take half damage from poison also. So it drops down to just two damage instead. I am sorry to say so that Ddu with the crossbo took six points of damage. They're not halfway dead just yet, but that was only Lola's turn. Yeah. Lola is now visible and you can tell that this guy's reaching for a hammer on his back to try to hit Lola and dropping his crossbow. Do you wanna do anything to him? Yeah, I would like to Elridge blasters Ly. Yes. Eldridge Blast is a huge move for you.


That's two attacks. Do you want to aim them both at this guy with the Crossbo? Yeah, I Can't let him take out Lola. Absolutely. Roll me 1D 20 plus six, I believe eight. Eight plus six, I'm sorry to say is not a hit against this guy. Just barely amiss by two points. Now to be fair you have an ability that could save you. Here you have something called dark ones blessing. You get to add a D 10 to one roll, but once you do it, you o, you're it's used up for the whole day. Only get once per game. Alright, I'll save it. I'll save it. You save it, you get another blast. Roll that other blast. Now. D 20 plus six. Come on.


18. 18 plus six is a solid hit. Oh yeah, go ahead and roll for the damage 1D 10. That's this weird shaped one right here. D 10 plus three. Bingo. Two. Two plus three is five more damage. Brings the one with the crossbow up to 11. Damage that is just a few points shy of being halfway dead for the one with the crossbow. All right, but so far, so good. You piled up some damage on that one. Dway guard. Well done. And Erlich, anything else you wanted to do on your turn? Commanding Lola was the bonus action. Your action. You could move a little bit and open up a door if you wanted to, but I don't know if now is the right time for that.


Yeah, I think, I think we're good. Absolutely. 100%.


Another Quick break from our Dungeon and Dragons action to talk to you about Reese's. Reese's peanut butter cup are the perfect combo of chocolate and peanut butter. Reese's peanut butter cups, maybe even more Perfect with the layer of ooey gooey, delicious chocolate lava. You can buy Reese's Cups basically anywhere. It's lava time baby. Try Reese's New Delicious chocolate lava Big cup. I love Reese's. They're my favorite. They're my one one goat candy out there. And they've just kicked it up a whole other level with the Reese's Chocolate Lava Big cup. We're eating them this past week. So good. Actually this past month. Yeah, we've been, when we say we have the best job in the world, part of it is that when you walk into partial HQ this past month, there's been a Reese's Chocolate Lava Big cup just sitting there every single day. You turn around and it's right in your face. And I guess what? I eat it every single time. It's so good. It's there. That hits every time. Yeah. So try the Reese's New Delicious Chocolate Lava Big cup. They're huge cups and they're so, so good. Reese's Cups, you can buy them basically anywhere. But you gotta try that chocolate lava big cup because it has even more. Perfect. With a layer of ooey gooey, delicious chocolate lava in the Reese's Peanut butter Cup. So go check 'em out now. Reese's Peanut butter Cups. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big cup. That's what I'm talking about.


We are also brought to you by our friends at Tax Act. Hank. Yeah, it's that time of year. It sure is. So the IRS is officially now opening accepting returns tax season officially here. How are you feeling? I'm feeling great for the first tax season in my life. And that is all because I've discovered Tax Act. Mm. Easy to use software. They have a max refund guarantee. Wait, that means we could refund our Max Can't not, not physical. Not person Max. Not Person. Max Maximum. Maximum refund guarantee. And they have live, I like to get my max refund in British pounds because I think there'd be a lot of those Stones. Pounds. Yeah. Maximum refund guarantee. And they have live tax experts. When you need help, if you have a question and they have an answer, if you want to make filing easy this year, just go to tax act.com and get your taxes over with. Sounds like you're ready to go this year with the tax Tax Season. Yeah. Tax act.com Make filing easy. Go check 'em out today. So you're saying Tax Act if you, if you go sign up with Tax Act right now, you, you don't have to worry. No stress. It's a stress free April 15th. Yeah, We can Just get it done Now. Yep. Makes the filing super easy. Get In front of it, just get it done. Memes, you're using Tax Act. Oh yeah. Fired up About it. Okay. So if memes could use Tax Act and feel stress free, then you gotta go use Tax Act. That's beautiful.


Okay, let's get it back to Tim Woods and Dungeons and Dragons Then Wayne, that is gonna bring us to you. Yeah, great work. Next, what would you like to do? Okay, so I can, I can do my level threes. You can absolutely. Those are your most powerful spells now. You each really only get one of those per day. Okay, that's fine. I would like to hypnotize all the invisible enemies in the room. Okay. Okay. With the, with the exception of the one who is halfway damaged that we want to take hostage. I will point out that your hypnotic pattern ability is a great way to take a prisoner because it won't kill anybody. It'll just hypnotize them and then you can decide.


Do you kill them while they're hypnotized or do you chain 'em up? So, okay, Then I would like to hypnotize everybody. Everybody in the room. 100%. Are you trying to avoid all of your teammates or are you not minding if you catch, yeah, I'd like to. I'd like to avoid all the shredders if I could Abs all the shreds. Thank God we all look like shredders. Anybody else? Oh yeah, All the shreds. All the, all the natural born shredders. No ab. Well you can't tell. Absolutely it's we're shreds. It's little hard to tell who's a shredder and who's not. Right? Sure. If you look under, do You wanna make sure that you get maybe one of the shredders? I would like to make sure that my hyp hypnotizing only works on all characters. Who at the start of this episode Were not shredders. Okay. 100%. I Wanna keep us safe.


It does sound like maybe there is one person beside the DDU guard getting caught and so I will first roll for the dway gar with the ax, the dway gar with the ax who's halfway dead is failing the saving throw and ending up hypnotized. Okay, well done. Just barely Then the one with the crossbow is not getting hypnotized. I am sorry to say so right now we've got one who's still loose and that's the strongest one right now. And then the one with the hand axxis who went for norm. Good job. Dude is Also failing and getting hypnotized. Thanks. So we've only got one who is not hypnotized currently and then Can't defeat a stronger opponent. Oh, You can roll me a perception check to see if you're noticing anything here right now.


Okay. Which one's that ain't that be a D 20, D 20 18, 18 plus whatever you are definitely noticing. There's one other invisible person in the room who did not get caught in the hypnosis because you heard them shifting around a little bit. Almost like to avoid it a little bit and was like, oh, like breathing a sigh of relief that they did not get caught. By the way, what hypnotic pattern are you creating that they're now staring and drooling at right now? Hypnotic is in like what mood are they in? I mean it it hypnotic pattern is usually like scintillating lights or like some display that is making them stare at it. Like Oh, so it'd be something that they really wanna look at that they can't take their eyes off. Cadence. A cat daddy Here.


Great. Great rack. Abso Yeah, there's just these jugs kind of floating in the air. Love great rack. Apparently forge wagar in the room right now are just like, like drooling a little bit. Just one of them is just sort of like rubbing his hands a little bit. Is Is Greg looking at the rack? So right. I'm just curious. I'm just curious if Greg's Looking or not. Greg, roll roll for me to, you're not caught in the spell but you might wanna titties. Yeah. The higher you roll the more likely it's you are Absolutely. What? What'd you get Greg? I'm just curious. No, Greg. I rolled a one. I did say, I just said the higher you roll the more likely you are, you are looking at it. So apparently you're not interested in any jug whatsoever care about the perfect round titties at all.


Nope. Apparently not. Not. Couldn't care less. Literally couldn't care less. You're like, you're like Mr. Smithers with the dancer around. Wait, do they? They hurt me. I did not hurt you. No, I hmm. Just roll 1D 20. If you roll low, something happens here. Two Actually with a two. You blink and for you and only you, they're not, you realize. Oh they're not, they're not boobs at all. It's just a pair of balls Dancing around. I'm doing the tit dancing around right Now. 100%. Just sort of jiggling a little bit. And so you are 100% noticing this but you're not hypnotized. I'm gonna say or maybe a little hypnotized. We'll see on your turn.


However it sounds like maybe one other person might be getting caught in this. Roll me a D 20 just to make sure you got the right shredder. Okay. As long as you don't get a one, you're fine. I got a 10. You're Fine. Absolutely. I am gonna need one wisdom saving throw, which I happen to know you're pretty good at. So you have like a plus five on this. Go ahead and roll me a D 20 plus five. But you need a 14 or higher against Wayne's spells. How'd you do Cocked nine. Nine plus five is a 14. Exactly. It is just barely enough that you are not hypnotized. Thank God. Well done. That's huge.


That's good. And Wayne, that was your hypnotic pattern spell. You're now aware two of them are hypnotized. Apparently two dway gar. One visible and one invisible in this room are still loose. And that will bring us, did you want to inspire anybody else on your turn now with a bonus action? Yeah, I'd like to inspire Norm. Absolutely. Norm put a shell on the line. Norm put a shell on the line. What do you say to inspire him? Norm, you're good. It's just you gotta rub some dirt on it. Get back out there 100% with that inspiration. It is now Greg's turn. Greg, what would you like to do? One of these dway guards running away. Right? It does seem like two of them are hypnotized. The one with the crossbow looks a little scared and has this scorpion tailed rat right next to them.


And then there is one invisible And we don't know what they're doing. One's invisible. Yes. Doesn't seem like any of them are running away just yet, but they're definitely rethinking their strategy here. I'd like to spin in a circle with my long sword please. Ooh, Interesting. You're hoping to hit multiple Dway Gar, is that right? Just 'cause I can't see the invisible ones. Oh Interesting. Okay, I like that. Are you hoping to hit one of the visible dway gar or are you just gonna try to spin? Spin? I'm trying to weed out the invisible one. The Invisible one 100%. Then I'm gonna let you roll first of all a D 20 to see how likely it is that you crash into them. 14. 14 is just enough that when you add your athletics bonus, I was looking for a 15 or higher.


You are crashing into something now roll me a D 20 but two times and take the lower number. You have disadvantage because they're invisible to see whether your sword hits them or not. Seven. Seven and roll. One more time. Take the lower number. 18. 18. So with the seven plus your long sword, it says you have a plus what to hit plus six. Plus six. So seven plus six 13. I'm sorry to say you bumped into somebody, your sword kind of cut into some armor but it didn't hit whoever they are. However, you get two attacks per turn. So now you can roll again with disadvantage to try to hit where Hit this person. I do know where they are. You do know where they, in fact you don't have disadvantage anymore. I like that.


Roll one time to hit them. Now what is that? That's a 13. Yeah it looks like a 13. It's a 13. Absolutely. 13 plus seven is a dirty 20. And that is gonna be a well done. Now with your sword it says you have 1D eight plus three damage I think. Is that right? My long sword is 1D eight plus three. Absolutely. Now that's what it would be if you don't smite, if you burn up one of your valuable smiting spells, it could be an extra 2D eight or if you burn up a second level one, a very powerful one, that would be an extra 3D eight. So you could deal four D eight plus three damage to whoever this is.


I'm holding off on Smite. You're holding off on Smite 100%. So it would just be 1D eight plus three. That's all. Okay. Is that, which one is that? This? This three. The D eight would be this one right here kinda looks like two peer mid stuck together. Seven. Seven. Absolutely. Seven plus three is gonna be 10 damage. You hear a grunt from what sounds like a female duar as far as you can tell. And I'm gonna roll because since you hurt them they might lose their invisibility spell if I get less than a 10 on this. So just one roll. They have a good bonus on this and with a, the number they needed to get was a 10, they got a six plus three is only a nine.


They become visible and that is when you see a familiar face. Stepsister. He is a ddu gar. But it seems as though it is the stepsister of Wayne Shred who of course was not related to him. And you are realizing now there are signs of like makeup on her neck still where she was wearing a disguise that would make her look like a surface dwarf. Oh no. And she has apparently been a duar this whole time. She was a traitor. She lied to me, she says I knew I should have left that stupid ogre alive and taken him with me.


That simple. But I have the treasure now, me and my friends and the other Dway girl like hey we're not winning this fight right now. And she grabs the ax and she is absolutely going to try to fight back against you. But it's not her turn just yet. Greg. Greg, amazing turn. Amazing turn. Sorry Greg. Also, I'm just trying to remember, do you remember what you got on that first attack that would've hit her? I'm trying to to remember 'cause I forgot you had Bardic inspiration. You could have used Bardic inspiration That I was, it was a seven. It was low. There was a low. It was, you're absolutely right. It wouldn't have been enough with the disadvantage. Got it. Tim, so you still have bardic inspiration if you need it. Did did we try to fuck his stepsister?


So His stepsister did join the adventure. We used her as bait to lure out some orcs. Okay. But I don't think any of us tried to fuck her. Okay. Who, the question was whether Wayne, what was Wayne Wood? But that was really hinging on whether she was a step ey Blister or Sister. What's the rule on disclosing if she was dway guard before we fucked her? In theory she kept that from us. So that's kind of on her a little bit. Yeah. So it is, it is a an issue possibly. But the good news is she's definitely not biologically related to you. Now you can confirm that. No, sure. And Hippo Maximus in snapping turtle form, that would bring us to you dibs next. I mean if you wanna call it dibs on her, I don't wanna call It dibs. We did establish she had very high charisma.


She's a looker. Your stepsister. Yeah. Hell yeah. Still is. Even if she has like gray skin and white hair, it kind of looks pretty good. And she's giant size now. So if muscle mommies your thing, that's absolutely the status at the moment. Yep. We Share everything as shredders. We do. Yeah we do. We took it as an oath. Yep. Shredder oath. I forgot the shredder oath. Yes. Everyone say the shredder oath together now. Hundred percent. Would we We can all shred shredder share conquest. Conquest and always swear. Swear To kill. Kill turtles. Turtle turtles. Turtles. Perfect Shredder oath. Did we all say that? Yeah. Yeah. Alright. That's bad for Max then.


No, I'm, I'm disguising myself as a turtle to know more about the species. Something that you wouldn't understand because you're not a shredder. I'm a shredder. No, I'm, I'm a shredder. You A turtle. It's the opposite. You're disguising yourself to be a shredder but you really only know the turtle weighs. You're not like us. We do have a shred who's a turtle and a turtle shred. That's pretty wild. Yeah. Maximus Here to you and you know the dway are gonna go right after your turn. Two of them are hypnotized, shredded, has taken 10 points of damage but is not halfway dead yet. And the dway guard with the crossbo is also not hypnotized and is almost halfway dead. I'm, I'm getting real confused as to who I want to kill.


Which one's the turtle? Which one's the shredder? No, that's something that this shredder turned turtle understood when he, when he took this form. But it, it was a journey that he chose to do to learn more about the enemy at hand. But that's fine. That sounds like something a turtle would say. Yeah. Do We have a head of lettuce on us to just test? Mm Well we don't. Max wouldn't go after the lettuce anyways. Yeah. Hippo maximus come on. One thing about you and lettuce, they don't go well together. Is there any sort of attack I could do to, I was gonna say dressing. Can we put some bacon on it also? Maximus, you do have two healing potions.


I'm gonna say that you've been given as a gift. It's the perfect thing to heal if you get injured or just on a long plane ride you can drink your two healing pot Also. Good. Also. Good. Well those, what would those potions do to my current form? Would they bring me back to In theory someone might like bust you like drinking them and like start telling people how you Drinking boat healing potions In theory right now you could just kind of swallow 'em whole. I would like to swallow those Pots. In theory you don't need it. Yeah. 'cause you haven't been Yet. It's perfectly normal to swallow those potions even though other people might think that it's not 100%. It's a long dungeon crop and you could drink them now you aren't injured yet. So they really wouldn't benefit you at the moment. I still would like to drink them.


I thank you. Certainly can. Absolutely. It's a long adventure. You drink your healing potions real quick. Fun chug them 100%. Absolutely. And you still got 2D wagar fighting at the moment and two who are hypnotized. Just a warning. If their turn comes up, they can and might wake up their hypnotized teammates with an action. It eats up their whole action. But they could get their teammates up and running again. So if I fight these dway guards and they get hit points on me, will that take away from my turtle status? Takes Away from your turtle hit points but not your druid hip points. Those stay the Same. Okay. I'm willing, I'm, as much as I love to be a turtle, I'm willing to risk that for the betterment of the team and try and defeat these dway guards.


Absolutely. Yeah. You're thinking of attacking them in turtle form or Yeah. Yes I will. I will be attacking 'em in turtle form superior and risking my turtle form. Absolutely. Assuming that you are going after one of the duaa who's still currently fighting, do you wanna go after shred or do you want to go after the one with the crossbo? I would like to keep shred around. Absolutely. Okay. Cross so we could learn some shit from her. Mm yeah. Yeah. Seems almost like they're listening to her like she's giving them orders. Right. Even and so you can go for the one with the crossbow instead. That's when you might be able to take down with a single hit. Go ahead and roll me a D 20 plus five to see if you can hit this dway guard. That would be 13. 13 plus five is 18.


That is a hit against the dway guard. Well done. And you've got Lola the rat right next to you. Just a heads up. So two animals are currently fighting this dway guard with the crossbow. You can roll 2D six plus four damage. The dway guard has 11 H. Sorry, this dway guard has 14 HP left right now. It's Just tough. Broad. Yeah. So is can I lo lose hit points to You cannot until they attack you on their tur. Got it. And to be fair, by being in melee now, the one with the crossbow can't easily get over to their teammates to wake 'em up. Well done. So this is 2D six you said? Absolutely 2D six plus 4 1 6 and a one A six and a one. So seven plus four is 11 more damage brings us to AC up to 22.


They have four hip points left. That is all. They're on their last legs. Well done. So, and in theory with your bonus action, you could change back if you're done with turtle form, but if you stay in turtle form, you keep those hit points I Assume. Nah, I'm done with the turtle form. Oh, I've learned what I need to know about the turtle Form. Absolutely. 100%. Yep. You change back into druid form. Is that right? Is there any way that I can like bring everyone back to what they originally were? Unfortunately not unless you have dispel magic to end disguise self Spell. Alright, good to know. I just wanted to know. Absolutely. What did you Learn from being a turtle? I learned a lot about how About How they think they, can we trust you? Yeah, no it it's a turtle Though. When you were a turtle were you kind of untrustworthy?


There's something about it, a turtle that they do things in a way that is just really annoying to others. And I felt that annoyance within myself. Oh. So I had, I had to get out of that. Yeah, They're like, talk down to you. Yep. Troll. Yeah, they're also dumb and they think that they're in on something when they're Really not. Interesting. Interesting. Absolutely. The guy Was all shredders here. Absolutely. Just a bunch of shredders. And it is, that is a great turn. Yep. You turn back into human form. Is that right? Yeah. Back into shred form. Shredder form. Of course Form. So now just specifically five shredders, Shredders hanging out.


What a cliche. And so you are absolutely up to the dway guard's turn. Now I'm gonna roll in, if I roll really high, this dway guard is feeling bold and brave enough to try to wake up one of his teammates. But if he does, that's two attacks of opportunity. He's gonna be provoking. He's not willing to risk it. He tries his side. Is he gonna go after Lola or is he gonna go after you? Lola, I'm so sorry, but instead of going after the turtle, this swayer pulls out his hammer, no turtle, and tries to squish Lola. He needs a 13 or higher and he's got a plus five on this. I'm sorry to say with a 17, Lola ease getting hit by this hammer.


Lola does out 10 hp you gotta look after pet. And this hammer's gonna deal this much plus four. Let's see. Oh, I rolled a natural one and with only five damage, Lola still has half of her hip points. So Lola's at five outta 10, that is that dway guard's turn. Then shred is going to stand up. Now the last person to attack her was you. She looks at you, takes her hand in the air and just, you think she's gonna do some kind of magic. She does, but it's not to attack you. She starts to wave her hands in her face, uhoh, and she begins to fade away and turn invisible again.


She's trying to really, I've seen it turn Invisible and she points at the bodies on the ground and says, Hey, I know you guys are having a lot of fun right now, but I gotta turn invisible. I'm so sorry right now. And I, she does start to vanish before you're very eyes, but you can feel her nearby. You feel her start to move away from you. You can take one free attack against her, but since she's invisible, you have disadvantage on this. You gotta roll two times and take the lower number. Okay. Is she not hypnotized? She's not hypnotized. I'm sorry to say Charette had been invisible when you cast the spouse. She was caught in it, but she passed the saving though. Just barely. 18. 18 and then 12. 12, 12. And then you had a plus what with your long sword again?


Plus three. Three. Or sorry, that was 1D eight plus three, right? D plus three What? What's the D? Did it two Hit? Oh plus Six. Plus six. And you just got a 12 on the D 20. So plus six. Her armor class is 18. And was that the lower, the two numbers? That was was the 12? Absolutely. That is just barely a hit against her. So you get 1D eight plus three unless you're siding, in which case you get a lot more damage. The more damage you do. Are we trying to have her as ho? This is your stepsister Ette. Yeah. We want hear Secret ette. Yeah. Yeah. Now if you bring someone down to, you can say you're dealing Mo, isn't it? Not really. That's little shredder. Oh, those Shred.


Okay. Yep. Now I'm back. So wait, do you want me to smite your sister? Has she been bad? Well She, she took the ax we think, right? Yeah. We need to Get secrets out of her. So we, I don't wanna smite her. Let's not kill her. I don't wanna risk killing her. Well She knows a lot of secrets guys. Yeah, Absolutely. No smite please. You're not smiting her. Roll 1D eight plus three One. Ooh, Four more damage on shred is gonna bring her up to 14. You can't tell if she's halfway dead or not. Then again, you just dealt damage to her while she's invisible. Let's see if she maintains her invisibility, huh? And her invisibility is broken. You can see her running behind the throne. She opens up the door behind the throne and tries to run through it.


So you did get the free attack. She's no longer invisible thanks to that attack. You can tell with 14 damage, she's very close to halfway dead but not quite there. And she just disappeared through a door unfortunately. But she couldn't have gotten very far beyond that door. So we know it's the fifth door, the one to the east, just behind a throne that she just ran through. We can chase her no problem. But there's still one conscious dway guard in the room with us and she ditched the two who are hypnotized. So well done on the Dway our turn, we withstood them.


We'll get back to D and D in a second. It's brought to you by our great friends at Morgan and Morgan. There's a reason why coffee's the first thing people reach for in the morning. Just like there's a reason why Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. For over 35 years, Morgan and Morgan has been fighting for The people just like you and I. They have over a hundred offices and more than a thousand lawyers nationwide. When hiring Morgan Morgan, it's like hiring an army. It's an army that has your back. If you're injured by the negligence of another, you deserve to be paid. When you hire the wrong law firm, you may be beat before you even start. All law firms are not the same. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to for The people dot com slash pmt or dial pound law pound five two nine from your cell phone. That's FOR The people dot com slash pmt or pound law pound pound 5 2 9 from your cell.


D D's also being brought to you by NASCAR. I'm talking the Daytona of 500. The adrenaline, the P one, the daytone of 500 is something you must experience in person. There's nothing like witnessing the stars of NASCAR. Battle for position going 200 miles per hour on this two and a half mile Speedway. 40 drivers competing amongst the likes of Chase Elliot, Ryan Blaney, Denny Hamlin, Ross Chastain, and Bubba Wallace. And they try to make their mark to start a historic NASCAR season. You don't want to miss this Once in a lifetime sporting event. Tune in on Sunday, February 16th, 2:30 PM on Fox, the first checkered flag of the season at the iconic Daytona 500. That's right. Sunday, February 16th, two 30, Daytona 500. They're gonna be going fast, they're gonna be going left fast and left. Daytona 500. What a great moment in sports. Check it out.


And now more DD Magnus steel toe now gets to go and you can have him run up and just roll a D 20 plus four. Can he, can he ask shred a question or no? He could if she was still in the room. Ah, unfortunately she just ran for it. Okay. So right now he's gonna help us try to kill the dway guard with the crossbo. Got it. If that's what we want him to do. Okay, nine. Absolutely. And unfortunately he doesn't. Oh, you only has one. Doesn't have advantage. Nah. So unfortunately he clangs in is fighting with the dway guard who has his hammer out, who had the crossbow but not hitting him. Unfortunately. It's really cute. That is gonna, and poopy stinks is also dead now. Yeah. So that was gonna bring us to you, norm. Okay. Norm, what would you like to do?


Ette ran for it. Okay. There's two Dway, Gar who are hypnotized. You're inspired and one who has four hip points left in a hammer in Crossbo. What do you guys think? Should we follow Ette? I if I would like to follow her. Not, I really want to ask Sette, like I know we've all met her, but like did she know any of us before we met her? Yeah. Like anyone in this room? Mm. She's got the acts, right? We think she has the acts. Yeah. All right, let's follow. She claimed she did. Yeah. So Let's, she lies about a lot. Let's follow her. Let's, let's get everyone going. Follow her and, and attack her again. We don't want to kill her though, right? We wanna to get her as weak as possible. Do we wanna see where she's running to? Can I kidnap her? I don't know. Yeah, certainly Could. Right? Let's kidnap her. If you chase her, you run behind the big throne, kick that door open and sure enough it's a dead end room.


It looks like it's the war room of the ancient dwarves. There's a table with all these maps of the mountain. Oh, on the table. Oh, that's good information for us. This is a map of the level we're on that is labeling on it in dervish, which Wayne can speak and standing on the table like a badass ette is standing there with her Awesome, great sword pointed at you. She's nervous 'cause she's no longer invisible. And she says bring it and you can absolutely attack her. It's kind of hot. Okay. And since she's visible, you can aim to knock her out. Yeah. Or you could just roll intimidation and try to get her to surrender though. You can do that after attacking if you Want. Alright. Right. So let's get her to surrender.


Oh, do you wanna attack her first and then see if she surrender? Yeah. The more you injure her, the more likely she'll surrender. Okay. Before I do that, can I, we're all together, right? I would just like to just a little credit card swipe of Greg's asshole. 100%. Yes. Can I roll for clench? Yeah. Yes. 100%. The high you roll the tighter you clench. That's an 18. Is it 18? Oh, You Barely get your card through it to be honest. It gets a little stuck. You're like, is this thing scanning? Like is this one of those like attachments and you, you almo, I think you do this and you realize you don't have a card in your hand anymore and you kind of gotta fish it out Like a Chinese finger trap. That's right. It's really good. That's really good goal because that's plus athletics.


So that's really a 23 at the end of the day, It keeps denying me and it's just want it more. I think we actually need to make a check. If you want the credit card Back, know exactly what he's doing. Well the credit card was my fingers. It was just, oh it was just, this is fingers, fingers. Credit card was my fingers for a moment. But with your strength you yank him free at the very last minute. They're like, they're like swollen a little bit. Alright, alright. Yeah. Let's, let's, let's fuck up Ette. Absolutely. So we can kidnap her and get her secrets. Can I assume you're going reckless? Oh, of course. Absolutely. You can roll two times on the first attack. Who says No? No, I don't think I'd like to go reckless. That's not good. Absolutely Seven. That's not great. Seven Is not great with a plus six year attacks I think.


Or even a plus seven. It might be. Unfortunately that is not going to be a hit. Ah, but you only get, you get two attacks so you can roll again. Okay. With advantage because you went reckless. Incidentally, norm, all the barbarian awls, when I run the game for them and I ask them whether they go reckless, they say just like Norm. Yeah, you, you know it Tim. I lively. They all want to be like norm. Fuck yes. So you can roll two times on the D 20 again. 11 four. Oh, now you the 11 was the higher roll. Can I just ask you to check your sheet? It's a plus seven to hit. That means you got an 18 and 18 is the number you needed to hit trad.


Go ahead and roll two. Gotta Be 18. 18. Perked up. Two two. Two sixes. A 2D sixes. Absolutely. Plus six. A dirty 18. Five and five. Filthy Five and five is amazing. With 16 more damage. Ette is up to 30. Damage. One more attack. We'll take her down for sure. She is way more than halfway dead. Okay. You think she has maybe like five HB left. Okay. And you can take her down. Well done. Nice. But she's fighting with you. In fact, she's so injured now. If you wanna use your bonus action to intimidate her into surrendering. Yes, yes. You would have advantage On this. Okay, let's, let's intimidate her to Surrendering well two times and dig the higher number.


Okay. 13, 16. I'm looking for a 20 or higher. What is your intimidation? It's plus one. Plus one. I am sorry to say it is not quite enough unfortunately, but it's only 'cause ette is a true badass. Any one of the other dway guard would've surrendered with that role. Okay. She is still fighting and she's like looking to see if she can run out around you. Good luck. She probably can't can pull that off. Can find. Mm nope. Absolutely. And Ehrlich, this is gonna bring us around to you again. What would you like to do? So for for Lola, I would like to take out the crossbow guy. Absolutely. 100%.


He's got four HP left. Smart move. Go right ahead and try to sting him. 10, 10, 10 Plus five is a 15. You'd be missing by a single point with that. I'm sorry to say. So close. So he's still hanging on right now. What would you like to do with your action? I feel like, I feel like there's gonna be a lot of competition. So I would like to charm ette. Ooh, Absolutely. You can try to charm. Charm her. You can charm person on sette. That's pissing me off a lot. Piss. And I piss get one saving throw. If I don't get a 14 or higher and she has only a plus one on this, then she is charmed by you.


So let's see. You didn't think to ask me if it was cool. Yeah, it's the shredder code to never charm. Like everybody knows that shredder code. Absolutely acting very. That was in the oath. I think that was the oath, was we as shredder promise to never charge another shred. Stepsister. Stepsister without, without permission. Permission from shredder. And also, fuck, fuck Turtles. Turtles, Like we say, end the mirror every morning. And so this article two Eight with a plus of a bonus, the total. And she needed a 14 to avoid being charmed. The total is a 13.


She's charmed by you early, just barely. And she starts to look at you with little hearts rising from her head in an admiring way. She's saying, I'll get my way past you barbarian. And then when I, whoa, wait a minute, who's that shredder over there? For some reason that compared to all the other shredders, that one shredder for some reason is like really good looking. I don't know why. And she can't put her finger on it. Anytime you make a persuasion check on her, you now have advantage for the duration of the next hour after which she'll be like, what the fuck was happening to me? And she'll start to realize that she was under a charm spell. But well done early.


Was there anything else you wanted to do on your turn that was your, Could I use, could I use the investigation skill to take a look at these maps? You certainly could. Absolutely. I believe your character actually speaks d dervish at the very least. No, mish is based off of dervish. So go ahead and roll an investigation. Check D 20 plus investigation. Great bonus action there. 16 plus five. Absolutely. And just so you know, as you're looking at the maps, she was standing on the table. So you look at the maps and you see her feet and she takes one step closer to you and then another step and you kinda look up and you realize she's standing right above you and says, well, hello. They're handsome. And what was your total on that Again? 16 plus 16 with Plus a 16, you're gonna learn two important facts.


First of all, before you learn any of those facts, I'm gonna tell you right now, it's clearly a map of the dungeon you're in right now. There's a map of the upper floor, there's also a map of this floor. And now you can tell there's labeling marked on this room. It says war room. And it even says like stepsister shred sleeps. He like hangs out here. Nobody else is allowed in the war room unless I give you permission. But there's ruins labeling the other four doors that we don't know about. Which door do you want to know about? First you're gonna learn about two things in this period of time you get to pick northwest, northeast, southwest, or southeast. And this is something that like I'm, I'm only learning this information like they don't know that I know this.


Right? All right, so I'll go northwest, Northwest, keep closer. First of all, Apparently they have labeled in Dwarfish that this is an old Dwarven temple beyond the northwestern door. She's it. She has written a treasure question mark, like she's not sure if there's treasure. Meaning that whatever treasure she has, it's not that treasure. But it also says on the door a little arrows pointing to the door into the temple. And it said, and you did remember there were like ruins on the door, but they were tiny and hard to read. And it says riddle when it points to that door for some reason. So there might be treasure. There's a riddle on the door apparently. And it says old D and temple. And then there was a symbol that just says danger inside of that temple.


So that's what you learn first. What el? What you've got northeast, southwest and southeast. Let's go Southwest. Southwest. Southwest is labeled old kitchen. And then it says wizard, old DN wizard. Animated furniture danger. Hmm. Weird. And that is all you have time to learn about so far right now, I will say. And that is Ehrlich's bonus action. Well done Ehrlich. That is gonna bring us to Wayne next. And none of us know that information just yet. Wayne, what would you like to do? Currently? Your sister's charmed but still fighting us at the moment.


Unless, sorry, did you ask the sister to not to? Where You going? Where you going? Where You going? I gotta, I gotta take a piss. Okay. Do do you, do you tell the sister to stop fighting us or do you tell her to keep fighting them? Keep fighting, Keep fighting. Absolutely. She's still fighting us. So is the dway guard who had the crossbow. So we got two dway guard who are still fighting us at the moment, Wayne. So Why would he do that? I thought he was with us. We gotta put our shredder masks on. Ooh. How Bad does this sound? Surrounded by shredders. Suddenly I thought he was a think a waterboard. Hank. Why would he tell, why would he tell her to keep fighting us if he's one of us? That doesn't make any sense. She's gonna know that he's not a shredder once they get together. Last time pants, she gets the pants off.


Yeah. Once he goes shredder, it's never been wetter. She's gonna see him and be like, you're not a shredder. Yeah. Right. Every shredders cut. I'm, I'm a little upset you. You have every right to be. How far away from Erlich are we right now? You are Pretty close to, you're within, I dunno Exactly what's going on. Looks like a pig. You look like a pig man. Inside out. I think you're inside out. We'll take the masks off You Zi can see Erlich in either cast spells or move into Mele with him. Okay. But I can't, I can't go level three anymore, right? Oh, Actually I was mistaken. Now that I think about it. You actually have two level two, three spell slots at level six.


Can I, I can go level two as well. You could. Yes. Could I create a zone of truth? Yes, you certainly could. And then ask my stepsister, like, what do you see in this guy? Absolutely. Go ahead. And you create this zone of truth that no one can lie in. I'm gonna roll for your stepsister and perfect. You know, she can't lie. Now you could also cast it in such a way that it covers Ehrlich and in such a way that it'll also cover Norm who's in that Room. I trust Norm. Absolutely. But I'd like to cover Ehrlich as well. You cover Ehrlich as well. So both of them are in the zone of truth. He's gonna have to roll to see if he can lie or not. But Dely, your stepsister is not lying at the moment. Okay. You say, what do you see in this guy? And she blurts out.


I don't know, he just seems like the kind of shredder that I'm into and I think I might even be charmed. Wait, what? As she says that out loud. She gets another saving throw now. But I'll say maybe with disadvantage. 'cause he's already charmed. Yeah, unfortunately. She says maybe I'm even charmed and she goes, oh, oh, I guess I'm charmed by his personality. Mm. She's confused a little bit right Now. Now It's starting to like, she's like looking at her hands, getting a little like trippy. She's, she's starting to realize what's going on, but not quite. It seems I probably should ask her where the ax was. Was that truth? No. No. There's more important things. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Hey, you're back. I'm back. I would like you to just roll a D 20 for me real quick.


Any particular reason? You'll Find out just a moment. It is a spell has been cast upon you and the stepsister. Can I send a counter spell? You actually have, oh you certainly could. That's a declaration of war. Absolutely. Are you counter spelling this? It is automatically successful if you do a third level counter spell. That instantly negates any level two spell. And so, oh no, the moment you realized, do you wanna roll an arkana check to see if you knew what spell it was? Yeah, I rolled a 13. Perfect. Excellent. With a 13 plus whatever your arkana is, you knew it was a zone of truth Spell. So he to spell, he declined to take it a polygraph is what I'm hearing. Yeah, I'll dispel it. Absolutely. What Is he hiding?


Affected your, your stepsister For just a moment. She kind of blurted out that she finds him handsome and she might be charm, but before it could really even help her start to break free. He counters, spells it unweaving. The very magic you just wove. I'm sorry to say. It means both of you have burned up Apel slot. Now I'll Make they're Hiding note Of that means hiding something. That's what I hear. Oh, Absolutely. And that was your action. Anything with your bonus action, you can inspire somebody. You could do a healing word. Whatever you want do. Hmm. Is anybody injured At the moment? Yes. Norm is injured. Oh Yeah. Heal 'em up. Absolutely. You give 'em a little healing loop. Thanks bro. That would be a D four. The pyramid shaped to die plus three. Okay.


It's Four or you get seven hit points back. Norm. Norm, you're only two hit points down. Now I need those we've got coming. Who knows where this battle's gonna go And Wayne amazing turn. That is gonna bring us to Greg now. Greg, what would you like to do? I Wanna torture shred. You guys wanna torture her? Yeah. Yeah. I mean she seems like she turned her back on us. Is there any, does anybody have any roper chains? We've all got rope. Yep. I wanna try to tie her up. Ab Absolutely, go ahead. An athletics check. I believe that's a plus five. So a D 20 plus five Six.


Six plus five. You are going to tie her up. She, Elia goes, what? What are you doing? No, no, no. Are you telling her what you're doing or are you just fighting her and trying to tie Her? I said we're about to torture you ab, She's gonna try to resist that. Then with a plus two, she has actually a plus four in all. So let's see. She needs an 11 or higher to beat you. Sorry to say, with a 12 plus four. That's a 16. She avoids getting tied up. She's not like that. I would let you try again with your second attack or you could stab her with your sword. Hank, can you talk to her? You ever her charmed? Can I? I would let you try. What would you like, like me to say? One Persuasion check. Convince. It'll be fine. Yeah. Can you Guess? Because you're doing this as a reaction. I'm gonna only let you roll once.


Even though you normally have advantage on your turn, turn you'll have advantage 1D 20. Absolutely. Four. Four. I'm sorry to say you're telling her just like let him tie you up and she goes, fuck no, you may be not him. And she does not seem to want to get tied up. Unfortunately. Now you could try again with your, the rest of your action if you want. But she's still fighting you at the moment. I'm gonna try again. Absolutely. I'll tell you right now, the number you need to beat this time with a natural 20, you need to get a 24 or higher. You have two roll on this. Why are You 17? Actually, I'm sorry you Don't have two roll, but you just, the number you needed to get was a 24.


What's your athletics bonus? I do not have one. Oh, I thought you did. Oh, Laughing five. I just, sorry to say See him your strength. I know what I'm gonna do with my job Is not quite enough. Well, I wasted my turn trying to torture Up. Unfortunately not having athletic post. You're fighting with her and she is not tied up at the moment. It is now Hippo Maximus turn. Yeah, I'm sorry guys. And and I guess you could order your moth to do something if you wanted to. No, it's fine for right now. It's fine For right now, Absolutely. Hippo Maximus, right after you go, the sister's gonna get a chance to do something stepsister. And the dway guard with the hammer and crossbow who has four hip points left is gonna get to do something including wake up a teammate if he really wants to.


Now there's one teammate that I, I don't necessarily trust and I think that for the benefit of the rest of us shredders, there's five of us right now, I would like to question one of them. Ooh, Yes, absolutely. Now, technically neither of them have surrendered just yet. Sette likes one of us and the other one is not surrendered. But it would be very easy to get them to surrender. Do you wanna try to get them to surrender first and then ask them Questions? Yes, I thing I would like to get them to Surrender. I'll say, you've got one roll a D 20 plus one, because it's hard to intimidate people in turtle four D 20 plus one. Okay, That would be a 14.


14 plus one is a 15. Or you trying to intimidate ette. Who is the harder the, the hypnotized ones can't be like, they're not hearing anybody right now. So your choices are ette. Who is hard to convince? Or the ddu guard with the cross bow in the hammer with four hip points left. I sold like the sette. Yep. Oh mm. Yep. You're trying against sette and you've got a 15 total. Unfortunately. Well, I'll roll. If I roll really bad then she's intimidated by you in answering questions. Not low enough. That was bad choice. I would say that was That fucking on the defensive you that come Up. You could attack somebody or try to intimidate another ddu guard, including sette if you wanted to. Dude, we gotta take out the the, we got a weak dre guard and if he lives he's, he's gonna wake up.


Use your head. I don't, what do you guys think? Well, what does he mean by weak? He didn't do that on his turn. What do you guys think? Hmm? Yeah, just narrow it down. Yeah. Kill The, kill the drag guard. Okay. Okay. All right. We'll get The, so we go for the ddu with your bite attack in turtle form. That'd be a D 20 plus five. We think we need a 16 to hit the do Wait, I thought I changed out of turtle form. Oh, I'm so sorry. Right. You're no longer in turtle form. So you can either use an attack with your simar or you could use a spell. Spells are much more powerful. I think I would like to use a spell. Absolutely. Could I use, I'll use the moon beam A space lazer space laser.


You called that dude, I didn't know you had that. Oh yeah. Hiding a moon beam. Oh yeah. I have a moon beam. Fucking tell us. Now, Normally this comes Down From the clear sky. Instead it's coming through the ceiling. It doesn't destroy the ceiling or anything, but it passes through the ceiling and suddenly this big column of light lands on, is it ette or is it the dway guard? With four Hip points. We're gonna, we're gonna take care of the dway guard. We'll get to sette later. Absolutely. But there's something about, we're gonna, Now the beam comes down and it could cover, I can put it a good word. You're right next to this guy. It could hit you. I assume you don't want it to, it could also hit the duar and Lola. I assume you're only trying to hit the dway.


Gar. I don't give a fuck. I don't, yeah, I'm willing to risk Lola for sure. Okay. Absolutely. So the moonbeam comes down, it's hitting two people in its square. So I will first roll the saving throw for the duar. He is failing the saving throw. Just barely. He will take the full damage and then I'm gonna need Lola to roll for me. A D 20 plus three need a 14 or higher And a four. A four is not gonna be enough. Lola is also taking the full damage, which is Two Sam D 10 damage. So the D 10 is sort of shaped like this.


It's a shame. Like a gu max. You roll two of them and add 'em together. It is like a gusher. You're right. Absolutely. That's one way to know what, that's how you just have to Refer to all these. It's been bothering Me my whole life and I'm like, yeah, its a what Kind of sweet treat. Can we compare this now? These are gonna be forbid Snacks for me for the rest of my life. I'm gonna be wanting a munch on these. Okay, so I have two. So two of And Adam together. Alright, first one. Fuck. Ooh, that would be a one. Oh no. Is that good? We want the maximum damage so that we can, I mean, not 9, 9, 9. There you go. So 10 damage kills the dway Gar with the crossbow and the hammer.


One-way. Gar. Finally down the moonbeam. However, Lola is caught in the moon bean. Oh No. Damnit. And instantly incinerated. Oh, sorry. She's never there. Says Now. But Who is Lola was friends with who? Lola was friends with Erlich Lock. She was not just his friend, but his summoned familiar. His spirit that he bound from the nine hells. Now Lola is not dead. She goes back to the nine Hells. In 24 hours, you'll be able to summon her again. But that's, she's Probably gonna have a good time going. She's gonna have nine, right? Probably a nice place. She's going home. She's gonna check on her family and stuff. She'll come back soon if you are alive to summon her.


And so Hippo Maximus, amazing turn. That was your action. Can't think of anything with a bonus action there. No. So unless there was anything you wanted to do with a bonus action, it would now be Ettes turn. Anything else you wanna do with a bonus? No, I'm willing to pass the Charette ab Absolutely. I'm going to roll the higher roll, the more Sette wants to run. The lower I roll, the more she wants to make out with Earli. So, Ooh, with a six, that's not a very high roll. She starts to get ready to run and then instead she stops, looks at Erlich and says, we should make out, but first we've got the thing smart. What should I do? And she looks at Norm and gets her weapons ready.


Do you think she should attack Norm or do you think she should do something else instead? She is. She's in front of everyone asking you this. You can say nothing and then you Can, can I whisper something to her so they don't Hear? You could. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She leans in while she's getting a We. Great. Action. Attack. Attack, attack. Norm. So, but don't, don't. No one else knows I said that. Lly 100%. As Norm is trying to lean into here what you're saying, norm, I'll let you roll a D 20. If you roll a 10 or a, that was a good whisper. 15 or higher. I'm looking for 17. 17. You heard the whisper. Even as the ax is coming down upon you, the first roll is a hit because of advantage from you being reckless.


And then the second one is a critical hit against you. Norm, I am sorry to say, oh no. And so that is gonna be with her great ax. The first hit is A would've been a total of a 15. However, that's only seven damage against you knocking you back down to 50. It ate up the healing, then the critical hit hits you. It is gonna hit you. She swung the ax and cut into your shoulder as you're recovering. I might have to ask Norm, what would you call your most precious body part? Mm. She's critically hitting you so she can hit something very precious to you. Greg, why don't you answer that? Oh, what do you like about me the most?


Physically it's, it's your legs, but pallet wise it's, it's your asshole. Okay. Absolutely. She does a quick maneuver, does a jump over you, lands behind you, brings the ax up and she's credit card swiping you With the battle Ax, I'm sorry to say. And with the battle ax right up the butt hole, she's gonna not plus five is gonna be no plus the four is 14, seven more damage against you is gonna knock you down to 43 left. Okay. On norm the bar out of your original 59.


And then I'm just gonna roll one more time. Yes. She then tries to make a run for it out of the door. Norm you can make one more attack against her. She runs if you want. Yeah, I'd love To. Absolutely. To. I'd love to. She has five hit points left if you hit her. Now, unfortunately it's not your turn. So you don't have advantage on this. You don't get to go reckless on attacks of opportunity. But in spirit, In spirit you are Reckless. Thank you. You Thank you. I appreciate Absolutely. Good clarification. Yes. Not six, Six plus seven. I'm sorry to say is a 13 not quite a hit. She runs out the door of the war room again. She's running to the southeast it seems.


Well and that is going to bring us from the Dway guard turn because oh, and lemme just roll to see if she's able to wake up any of her teammates. She would've to roll very high to do that while she's running. Nope. She rolled very low. Both of her teammates stay hypnotized. She runs for the southeastern door. I'm gonna roll to see if she makes it. It there. Kinda like the University of Texas. She did make it. She just barely threw open the door of the southeastern room. A room. We don't know what is beyond there. Opened it, shut it behind her almost instantly. And we thought we heard the ringing of hammers And we hear some shouting in that room.


Now We'll get back to Tim Woods and d and D in a second. It's brought to you by a rock on because we need to talk about the elephant in the room. Erectile dysfunction. One in four men, 18 years and older experience ed. Which means that you or someone close to you might be experiencing it. That's why I want to tell you about this new ed treatment gel. It's called a roxon. It's the first ed treatment gel that's clinically proven. You get results that you can get over the counter. And while it might not work for everyone, studies showed success in over 60% of men. The best part, no prescriptions, no online questionnaires needed. Why wait, try a rock On today available in stores and online. Visit aroc on.us to learn more. That's E-R-O-X-O n.us. And you can learn more.


D d's also brought to you by Uber Eats where you can get almost, almost anything. It's winter and you can now get almost anything you need for the coldest months of the year delivered with the Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well you can't get a snowplow delivered, but you can get snow peas delivered. Sunshine. That's no but a bottle of wine. That's a yes. Snow angel. Nope. Angel here. Pasta. Yes. Uber Eats can get you that along with a side of garlic bread and some creme brulee to top it all off. Get almost, almost anything for your winter delivered with Uber Eats. Order now alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by region. See the app for details now more. DD.


And that is gonna bring us from the dway Gar turn to Magnus. Steel toe gets to go now. Oh, do you want your friend Magna Steel toe to do anything right now? Yes. I want Magnus steel toe to bitch slap Erlich. Certainly he will do that for you. Ehli. He's gonna walk up to you. Roll me a D 20 plus four for Magnus steel toe. That's a 16 bitch slap 16 plus four is a dirty 20 on the bit slap. Love it. So that is gonna be a hit. Were you trying to damage him with the bitch slap or just make a point Little damage. Little 0.0 little Damage. A little less little that I'm gonna say it's three points of damage in all against Erlich. The, Is it towards his shredder head or, Ooh, That's a great point.


Were you slapping him in the face given that you don't necessarily know this, but the shredder head is floating above Erlich's actual No mish head. No I don't. I want to go for for lower. Yeah, I'll say that She can swipe through, realize it's an illusion and then still smack him in the face if you want or To. Okay. Yeah, yeah, let's do that. Yeah. So she realizes he's not as tall as he seems. Her hand goes right through his head and then she backhands below where shredders stomach would be. It hits where Ehrlich right in the face. Love it for three points of damage. Love it. Ehrlich, you're down to 42 out of 45 left, which puts you norm just one point of damage ahead of Ehrlich right now. That's interesting. And that will be the all of the Dway guard turn and Magnus steel toe's turn.


Bring us to norm's. Turn Now Norm, your official turn is now up. What would you like to do? You saw Ette run through the southeastern door. You don't know any information about the other doors and you know that there are two hypnotized wagar in the room. There's little a map in front of you that you could try to study, but I'll warn you that's not what barbarians are Good at. No, that's not my, I'm not smart. What do you guys think? Should we go to the door or, I mean she keeps, she doesn't have the act. Does she have the act I? The act has to, she doesn't have it behind woman, Right? No. We Let her live. Yeah, so let's get to, but I think the ax might be behind this last door. I think so too. Do, yeah, she was running towards there. Okay, so let's get in there.


So lly, you throw open the door to the southeastern room revealing a mighty Forge works. There are all of these anvils with chains going above them with like big mine carts and stuff that are hovering by. You see that? She's shouting orders at a pair of dway with goggles on. Oh looking very shredder because of their spiky armor, they pick up these weapons that norm, since you're looking at them, you can roll a D 20 minus one to see if you can figure out what the hell these weapons are. 20 they Oh, a natural 20. Natural 20. You are able to put together what's going on here.


These look almost like blunder buses. An item that does exist in the world of d and d, primitive, simple guns basically, except they have little sparks of fire at the end. Like a pilot light kind of that just keep flickering. They get these weapons, they begin to march towards you with them pointing them at you. And one of them, I think that's why you got a critical hit, had to test his out. He presses the trigger and like a dragon's breath. Okay. These flame throwers are getting closer and closer to you. I'm gonna roll the flame thrower duar into initiative separately. They're gonna go after Magnus next turn. And so luckily you got some time, but you notice that in this room there is a, on the eastern side, a pit that drops down into the depths below.


Ooh. As if it leads to a third level of this dungeon it seems. Wow. And just before that pit, there is a duar chained up but not against his will. He's in, he's an old duar, almost as old as the high priest. He's Was he A blacksmith? He's a, that guy's gotta be a blacksmith. He's gotta be like a worker. He seems like he is managing the forge, giving the orders to the other blacksmiths who have the flame throwers now. And he looks like he's a forge priest of some kind using forge magic to make better items. Mm. And it is clear that he is in charge of this whole operation in this room.


But the stepsister is shouting orders to him as well as the two guys with flame throwers right now. Okay. You could go for Charette, you could go for one of the two guys with flame throwers. The problem with going for the forge for up in the air is he's like suspended in midair right now and it seems like he's guarding the drop off down below where like the mine carts would start descending down. Yeah. Like there is a system of chains for lowering and raising things over There. Guys, I think We've stumbled into like a, a severe slave operation where my stepsister is keeping all these people against their will, making them work for her. They would probably hate her way more than we would. Yeah.


To try to Convince 'em they're free. Yeah. It doesn't seem Like they don't get them on Her side. Maybe With shred debt. It's true. Okay. Sexist. Can I jump into the pit? You could if you really wanted to. Absolutely. Can I jump into the pit with my boys 100%. I'll could jump in pit. Absolutely. Yeah. You'll be running past the guys with the flame throwers but they wouldn't get to hit you. You'd be running past ette. She might get to hit you and then you'd be running under the Forge priest and you can try to jump down if you want. Yeah. Is that what You'd like to do? Do you guys wanna jump in the pit? Let's find this fucking ax. Yeah, Absolutely. Let's find It. Who's jumping in first? We're at, we're all jumping together. But I would like to make sure that when we jump together I'm holding Greg.


Absolutely. So you grab Greg, you pick him up in your arms. Yeah. Big arms, Right? And you begin. Yes. Absolutely. Huge arms. You only you would be able to carry this guy in full plate mail as you are running. In fact, Roland, as long as you don't get a one, you can carry him. And you have advantage on this. I got a 17. 17. You're already doing great. You're running full. I'm so strong. Speed. Would it be Easier if I took off my plate? You, that would take a long time to do so actually would be, it would be slower in Theory. Can can, can Greg roll to see how tiny he feels in my arms? Yes. 100%. The higher you roll the tinier you feel A six. A Six, you actually feel pretty big. Okay. You feel, you feel strong. You feel it's like he makes you feel fucking Crude Stronger.


Absolutely. And you are being carried as you run full speed. Now as both, first of all, Sude, We're all jumping in though, but I'm just holding Right Soly. So as all of us are running, Settes just gonna swipe at you once. Ooh, Sheena is hitting you. I'm sorry to say as you run by and she goes, no, he's heading for the treasure. He wants the ax. Yes. And she hits you unfortunately for a total of nine, which becomes four damage against you. Okay. You Shr it off but Greg's fine, right? Greg is Absolutely. Lemme just make sure that wasn't against Greg. It was not. Okay. You thank God she went for Greg. You blocked the shot. Yeah. And so you took the four Damage. Wait, can you say that again? So she was gonna hit Greg, but you moved your shoulder in the way, took the hit for Wow Greg instead.


That's Pretty, that is. That's a turn on to be quite honest. You are hero Move. Might need to roll for it. But now I'll, I'll say you can declare that 100%. I like to declare turned on. Yes, you are Officially turned on. Absolutely. You are down to 39. Health left just below Ehrlich now. But you run to the edge and that is when everybody who is looking over the edge can tell it is a significant drop down. Oh God. You could jump down. But the problem is you don't currently see the bottom and that includes The people who have dark vision that goes out 60 feet. Mm. So wherever the bottom is, whatever it is, it's further than 60 feet down.


Now you could roll a perception check as a bonus action if you wanna see what might be down there before you jump. You could also roll an athletics check, try to grab a chain and then climb down the rest of the way. Mm. And not risk any damage. But that would be the less Could I climb? Could if I climb down, can everyone get on my back? Yes. 100%. Let Say. Yeah, let's, let's climb down. Everybody's gonna be jumping onto you. Yeah. Like a bunch of like mama raccoon with all the babies on Them. But I'm holding Greg 100%. Now if everybody is grabbing onto you. Yeah, I'm gonna say that that gives you disadvantage on Athletic. Okay, that's fine. I'm For the boys. Because you're raging, you always get advantage on your athletics checks. It cancels out. Yes. It's coming down to a single roll. 1D 20 plus five.


But to climb down and more importantly to catch yourself on the chain, you must get a 15 or higher. Oh this is a significant role. Do you wanna roll for me? No. You sure? Yeah. Positive. I'm really nervous. Let's get it. 10 higher on this. 10 or Higher. Can I 15? Wait, no, 10. Yeah. Yeah, 10 can, can I get a a kiss from anyone just to feel more confident? Anyone? I'll choose Greg. Absolutely consent. Yeah, given, okay. Absolutely. Now he gives you consent. Do you ask anything else? It's the hottest Thing you can do.


Can you give an extra point so I can get a nine or higher? You could ask him for consent again now that you have it. Yeah. And if you do, I'll say you get extra Plus one on that double. Okay. Double consent. You already know you have it. Okay. Yes. And because you knew you had it but you asked for consent and drove him a little crazy. You get an extra plus one on this. Now you only need nine or higher on this Roll. Voice. Voice. Here we go. Power of foreplay. 13. 13 is enough. Well done. You grab onto the chain and you are able to start climbing down and as you do you think you see there's actually water at the bottom of here, which means you still would've taken damage but not as much as you thought.


Okay? Yep. But now you can climb down the chain, get into the water if you want. And you realize you're in like this underground lake complex. You think the duar going nuts up there? They're shouting, he's going for the treasure. And one of them showed, should we, should we go down? And the stepsister ette says no. Are you kidding me? You want to go down there with night scale? Oh, I'm not going down there. They can die. But that one shredder, I'm going to miss him. Oh, maybe I should help him. I'm gonna roll and if she rolls low, she's gonna try to help.


She wants to help save Erlich the shredder. And so she's gonna try to jump as well. Please Erlich, since she's under your control, ro me a D 20 plus. She only has a plus three on this and she also needs a 15 11, 11 with a 14. She jumps to try to help you and you hear her splash down into the water. I'm sorry to say she is gonna take half of the falling damage, which would've been 80 feet, would've been eight D six. She's gonna take 46 damage and she only has five HP left.


I'm sorry to say already. Stepsister's not dead, but she hits the water, she's knocked out immediately. And because she's in metal armor, she's sinking and you know it. Yes. However we think we notice that in this underground lake area, it's like a series of chambers underground and in this lake and there is one going to the south, there's one going to the north. And in the northern tunnel we think we see an island emerging from out of the lake covered with treasure. And there seems to be an axe sticking out of the top of the treasure pies. Boys, there's an island surrounded by miners.


100%. Yes. There's this glittering treasure all around And we think it's a very remote island. Very hard to find. And there no, no cameras. You're not seeing anything nerd out. A lot of reporting. And so you are definitely seeing Beau. It is clearly the ax of durin up ahead. Oh my god. Yes. Well the norm that is gonna bring us to Erlich's turn Now find it Erlich. What would you like to do? How Heavy is the axe? The ax is heavy enough that it is difficult, but you could carry it More or less than 10 pounds. Ooh. Here's the thing. It is more than 10 pounds, but I understand what you're going for and I would let you roll an arcana check to try to pick it up with a ma hand smell.


Yes, absolutely. So you see suddenly from out of Earle's hand, this glowing hand flies out towards the ax. I would like you to please roll a D 20 plus your arcana bonus. If you can get a 15 or higher on this, actually only 13 or higher is all you need to pick up the ax and bring it wherever you want it to go. Oh, what you got? What did he roll? He got a 1 0 1. Is that high enough? Uhoh, we all would've won if you rolled higher. I am sorry to say that. Here's the thing, your hand flies over to the axe, it grabs onto the axe, it picks up the axe and then starts to weaken a little bit. Like it can't do it. Oh you bear even the extra like phase through the hand a little.


And as you're trying to pick it up, you're trying to pick it up, it dips down into the water a little bit. The hand flickers and then you think you feel something pull on like your hand. It's almost like a like a drone. Kind of like you're feeling something grabs the ax, pulls it down into the water, the ax is gone. Oh You fucked ax is fucking gone. It's So into the water dude. And you're not sure if you just dropped it or it went through the hand or something, grabbed it. It's hard to tell. And that was your action. Anything you wanna do with your mover? Bonus lic. Apologize for your selfishness. Maybe. Yeah. Go Get the fucking, can I use a skill or it's too late for that? I Let you try. What skill were you thinking? I'd like to go stealth. 'cause I feel like bad stuff's gonna happen. Yeah, that's a reasonable Thing to do.


I'll allow it. Roll me a D 20 plus your stealth skill. Do you have the stealth skill? Yeah. Plus five. Absolutely. 19. 19 total. Or before the plus five. Before the plus five. Before the Plus 5 24. Ain't nobody noticing you right now. You are stealth. Not this is an important detail and something we should remember going forward. Your teammates cannot see you right now. That is an important detail. You dive down to the water. Good luck. No one knows where you are underwater and you're really like in the corner of one of these caverns. If you want 100%. Wayne, that is gonna bring us to you next. What would you like to do? Can you Remind me what, what the powers of the ax were? We knew, all we knew was that the, the ax had immense power.


I let you roll in our can trick to know, but we never got concrete answers on what the acts could do. Yeah, it just sounded like a cool thing. It's A really powerful, super Valuable. The power. Yeah. So I can roll to see more About the acts. You certainly can. Yeah. D 20 plus your R canna bonus feels like we Should have done this earlier. Very reasonable. A hundred percent. Alright. Plus now that's within sight. It's ev and easier I would say fuck Die. Oh. Oh Typically don't count. If it falls on the floor. If you wanna re-roll that. Yeah. Oh, it's only a seven. It's only seven plus four. I'm sorry to say that. You do not all you know is it's the most valuable magic item you think you've ever seen. I Mean we already came all the way down here. I think we're pretty committed at this point anyway.


We gotta get to ax. Yeah. What if it sucks? We'll turn around. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I know that Hank's invisible. Erlich's invisible. Yes. Can I still cast a spell on him? You mm. Depends on the spell. Most spells you need to be able to see him to target him. Shit. What spell are you thinking? I was thinking about doing the bestow curse. Oh, you need to touch him to do that song. Yes. You very much need to be able to see him. Unfortunately. Too bad. It's a good call though. You could roll a perception check and if you get a critical hit you'd be able to find him. I also have Mai hand. You do? Yeah. Can I reach down into the water? I'm try. Try to find it 100%. Now that would be an investigation check, which I let you use.


Either investigate slide of hand or our can to see if you can find the ax in the water. Okay. You said investigate arcana or what? Yes. Or slight of hand. I'm a plus five on slide hand. Go ahead and roll that. See if you can find the Ax. C 27 7. Absolutely. With a seven plus five. You said you're fishing around in the water. You are not quite finding the ax. I'm sorry to say Not yet. Anyway. You can try again with your bonus action if you want. What? What do you think fellas? Should we go after? Ax, you're two right now. Is there anything else I can do to get the ax? The is what we're here for. We here For what we're here for. Just maybe get closer. Well we maybe see what it it's all about again.


We can't, I don't know who's talking right now. We can't even see this guy Does talking, give up his location. If he talks in character to us, we would immediately know where he is. Well That's what he just did. I Try. Can we say that out Loud? I Heard No. Can you roll to yell to him to try to trick him? I'll Let you roll a free perception check real quick. GC if you heard him talking to himself. Okay, what was that? It would be a perception check and I'm really looking for a 20 or higher on this. 20. That's an eight. Absolutely. I'm sorry to say he's still very hidden at the moment. You have your bonus action to either inspire somebody do a healing word or you could try to find the ax again.


I'm gonna try to find it again. Absolutely. Roll me another D 20. It's nine. Nine Plus five. That's Better than before with four. I heard a laugh. I heard a lot. Very many Giggles. The number I had been looking for was 13 or higher. You had gotten a 12 before this time. You passed it. Well done. Here's the thing, you grab the ax, you can feel through your own hand. Your your, there is a shaft that you are with your maid hand grabbing onto Rock hard, Pretty girthy. And it feels magical like an enchanted shaft. Like where's this feeling Ben?


On my life. Yeah, Exactly. It feels good. Good grip. And as you pull it up out of the water, the hands sort of comes up against something and you realize something else has got the ax. Roll one more time to see if you can pull it outta the water if that's what you're trying to do. You got the ax but now you gotta fight somebody for it. Ooh. Okay. How'd you do on that? I only got a six, Tim. Ooh six. Actually this is surprising to them actually. So you get to roll one more time. That's a 12. 12. Okay. That's enough. You are pulling the ax out of the water. But what you are also pulling out of the water is the dragon who has grabbed onto the ax from below the water.


This dragon has black scales. The horns coming out of its head look like bow rock horns that sweep forward in a radical way. And the dway guard upstairs begin to shout night scale. He's here. They're trying to take the ax from him and the dragon like a dog who's fighting you for a stick kind of around these stick starts to get, oh, take my fucking ax. Will you? The dway guard gave that to me for rent. I keep the rent that I get paid, give up the acts, the treasure's mine and you can do whatever you want.


What would you like to do? Do you say anything back to him or I Say fuck you. Oh my God, Absolutely. You want a hundred percent absolutely settled business. Absolutely. Now Greg, you would be up next. What would you like to do at this point? Night scale, the dragon looks very tough. He, this is obviously he's laying claim to this axe right now. We could absolutely try to fight the axe, grab it, run out with it if we really want to. Yeah. Or we could try to try to escalate this and then we'd be turning this into a part three encounter. Could you, could You, could you kiss anyone? Certainly could. I'll see if I have an action for that.


But I would like to call the moth to save Shred please. Absolutely. The moth drowning dives down automatically won't be a D 20 as long as it doesn't get a one. It finds sette and 12 absolutely dives down. Dives up out of the water with sette in it's like limbs. Okay. And throws Re onto his back. Charette is now safe and unconscious but no longer drowning. Well done. I would like to kick Hank's girl off her flight. Absolute sorry. Ette what? Oh absolutely. Yeah. You wanna kick her off the moth, is that right? Yeah. Yes. 100% back into the water as Absolutely. You immediately, automatically just push her back into the water. 100%. She sinks into the water once again.


Cool. For just a moment her eyes blinked open and she said Thank you. Brave splash back into the water. Well done. Wonderful. Absolutely. And then I would like to do a lay of hands on norm. Ooh. Yes. Yes. You can heal norm by laying hands. What part of him was hurt upon him? What's that? What part of him was slashed? My Butt hole. I always his butt hole. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty wounded. Desperate Times. Absolutely. And you really, you think it's a bad wound? Like you gotta get up in there. Yeah. You think Absolutely. 100%. So you stick your hand up, you're not there yet. You're gonna have to keep going a little bit. Make sure to make your hand gets up there further. You are able to ha activate your healing magic. It feels like the best aloe vera.


Oh you've ever felt? Wow. In fact, you think you're gonna be regular for the next year. Nice. It's gonna feel real good. Nice. You're gonna be like nice solid chunks and you are once absolutely able to give him 20 points of your lay on hands healing. I'll do that. Which gets him right up to full hip points in that case. Oh I love it. Awesome. That's, and that does eat up your action. So good Turn Greg. And that will bring us to Hippo Maximus next. But Maximus, what would you like to do? I'm gonna need you to remind me things that I could be doing right now. 100%. You've got Your nature, You've got animal forms you can turn into right now the issue is the ddu are upstairs.


You're just scared down here. It's ette in the water. And a dragon who is properly speaking supposed to be part three of this. And we might just need to grab this accident, run away and screw this tracking over completely. Yeah. Could I, could I turn into a hunter shark? You certainly 100%. Absolutely. Yeah. You've been holding out so much chin. Hundred percent. Absolutely. Yes. So a hundred shark, you turn into your aquatic morph. Well done. You turn to this bash hunter shark and you are just about the same size as this dragon. You're pretty sure underwater. Now you can see clearly and you can tell that you can see the lower body like jaw style of this dragon as it is fighting for the ax that is hovering above the water line.


What would you like to do? You could dive out of the water, literally jump the shark and you can grab onto the ax or you can bite onto the dragon on the Nars. Or you can do whatever you want. I'm gonna go For the ax. Actually You going for the ax outta here. You're completely surprising the dragon. 'cause the dragon is above water. Doesn't see you coming. So go ahead and roll 2D twenties plus five for the athletics of the hunter shark form, which is what you use. And I'll tell you right now the number you need to beat. And I give the dragon disadvantage on this is only a 10 total. That's all To get this. And I have two need. You get this five on this And you have advantage.


You need a 10 or high. Come on. So as long as one of them five or higher, you're good. That would Be a 19. 19. Amazing. Then just roll one more time since you get a second roll. Let me know if you get a critical hit. But otherwise you're still getting a lot with a 19 here. 16. 16. Oh my word then specifically what you can get with a 19 plus five for the hunter shark is you dive up into the air, through the air, grab the ax out of the hand and out of the dragon's mouth completely. And actually you can roll and try to hold onto the axe. But you would need a critical hit to beat him at this point. Making sure 12, 12 is not enough. You grab the ax from both of them, you dive down to the water and that is when, and I promise you all, I am not making this up just to give you this opportunity Max.


They, you notice that they, as you dive down so deep and you weren't expecting to find anything deep down there, you're just trying to get away from the dragon. You notice there is a tunnel that goes underwater. And just from your shark senses being able to sense in this water, like the smells in environmental changes, it leads out of the mountain entirely to the lake, next door to the mountain. You could easily go through this water tunnel with the axe in your grip and you would be able to escape. So you're saying that all of us hunter, the dragon hunter found the crack.


That one went over my head. But yes. Is the dragon gonna be an issue? Would we, The dragon is no longer an issue for you if you fly through sail through that tunnel. Maybe help us out. Yeah, can I, can I bring some shredders You can grab? Yeah. I would say because you got a 24 on your athletics, not only do you notice this tunnel, you can have everyone just like Norm did grab onto your fins. Well You should grab everyone. You can see that's True. Yeah. Oh right. Oh yeah. I can't find one of The Shredders. The shreds. You can see I can't find him then he's gotta stay. Yeah, That's a good thing. 'cause like sharks, a shark would eat a turtle. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Kind of saving your, all the shredders you can see will hop on you Grab all the shredders, you can see you don't grab any shredders.


You don't see where any shredders calling out for help to try to escape. Just making Sure couldn't hear 'em right. I was, yeah, you Do call out. You were, you think you hear a shredder you didn't see calling out. Do you go to that voice or No, we're gonna leave shredder. I'll the shredders. I can see though they're hopping off. Fuck yeah. With the critical hit, you could've shred code gotten to that shred. But I think without a a natural 20 you can only grab these Shreds. Shredder code. We shred code Shred shredders Only grab shreds. We, we can see. I feel like I'm watching Ninja Turtles again.


And you were absolutely able to have everyone grab onto your fins and tail. You go out of the secret tunnel that is the dragon's way into and out of this mountain because he's an aquatic dragon. Eventually he will try to find us. But we are too fast for this dragon. And with your athletics check of 24 total, you get to the lake, change back. We all spill onto the shore and sure enough you can bring the ax back with you to town. Yes. And you have complete, Have A question Tim. Yes. So after we get out of the water, does Greg, does he need mouth to mouth? Probably. I I a bunch of Water. Anyone who is just a human would need Mouth to mouths.


What Strong, strong people can can do it And strong people would be the best. Okay. Some cpr RI I'd like to save mouth to mouth. Who cast the spell. That puts my mouth on My dick. I think. I think that's what happens if you heal your, your Woo Wounds in a certain way. You did like the ogre when his dick fell off, you healed his dick. So obviously we can switch dicks around and stuff. I think that'll be the Yeah, absolutely. And so bringing the ax back with you, you are able to lay claim to the ax and you have succeeded at the adventure. The Forge of Fury love letters. And you did in two sessions, which is only one group of awls was able to do it.


Wow. And maybe two groups was able to do it in just two sessions. Also follow Also what would happen to, to a turtle that was left in the lake with an angry dragon. Who's mad this To go real quick. I'll let one turtle roll just to see. Oh with a natural one. Oh no, you live and live on in that case System. Fuck. And I can just go Save my girl. The dragon's hunting. You go back to the stepsister. It's not a good life. No, that's terrible. And the two of you life can like retire together. A if she's charmed, you can rather that keep her charm. That's kind of grim. But yeah, absolutely. So poison back there. And you would essentially, if you have control of her with charm, you'd kind of take over the dway guard a little bit. Oh no. But unfortunately they don't have the ax accent anymore.


Might have to go back and kill the dway guards. The dragons really mad because the ax got stolen To avoid scale. But I can convince the dragons to get the ax back. Okay, well that was incredible. Well done max one. Good adventure. We all made it to the office. Absolutely. We all together. Yeah, we're all together. Absolutely shred. That's the important thing. Do we wanted to cl everyone wanted the ax as one person getting the ax? Or are we all great? We said we share the acts. Yeah. Shred. Shred. Shredder. Shredder. Always, always share the axe acts and fuck turtle Turtles.


I'm forgetting basic shredder information. I feel so silly. It's a lot to keep track of. So well done. You share the ax and you are winning the day. Well done Everyone.


Okay so Tim, I had one that was so much fun. I have a A Rollback question. Absolutely. RHO bac k.com promo code take 20% off first purchase. CUSIPs Polos. Hoodies, joggers, shorts. Rollback question. I saw you, you've been doing games for a bunch of aws. Yes. Have they been flying you out? Oh yes. Yeah. I was just incredible two weeks ago. I've gone to other places and cities around here. Love it. I think there are some AWS in Chicago who have brought me out actually. So I always try to sync up with them and stuff. I love it. But yeah, it is.


So I will just say that like I, I love running games for aws. I think at this point 50% of my clients are like aws. I mean it's so rad because what I do is now that I've like run for GE Fury, I've been running another adventure for them. So next time I see you guys, I'm gonna have to run that adventure that they've all been playing so far. I think like maybe 25 groups have done this. Wow. This next adventure I've got planned. Once I run it for you, I have to retire it and then start a new adventure for the aws. I love it. So they kind of move through seasons kind of. And if you wanna get in on the current season before we play again on the podcast, now is your only chance once I run on the podcast, it has to get retired. Okay. And I will also be at some conventions in Indianapolis and the Origins convention in Columbus.


Columbus And won in Orlando. Yes. I I might see you there. Absolutely. So I always tell Awls, if you want a discounted game with me, I'll be running games there. So especially if you're already going to that convention, please say hi to me if nothing else. And just for people who are in New York, I am running afterschool programs in New York. Oh. And currently we are looking for more schools to expand into. But so if you have like young people who are looking for a DD club at their school, I'm providing that in New York and in other areas. And if you are a dungeon master who is looking to dungeon master for kids, we actually need more Dungeon masters. I love that. Anybody out there that I think we, we should go to one of these conventions. When is the indie one? Yeah, The Indianapolis one is Gen Con. It is the biggest Dungeons and Dragons convention in the world.


And if you guys were there, I could take you on the whole tour. When is That's my stomping around. When is it? It is in August. End of August. We're Yeah. Percent we're gonna that. That sounds amazing. Also at some point, I mean convention. Yes, 100%. 'cause I gotta show you what those are like. Also LARPing at some point, This Is my LARPing kit and I haven't gotten a LARP very much at all. But The people who larp make me look like a casual Berp. They are hardcore. Will they be LARPing in indie? There will be people in costumes in Indie. Okay. 100%. Including myself. Obviously We got kind wild at these conventions. Yeah, definitely. Percent. Absolutely. There go all. Well Tim, you're the best.


We love you. Thank you all so much and thank you everyone for listening. Absolutely. Love you guys. That was great. Great, great job guys. Okay, let's wrap up the show numbers. 5 1 33. Ah, three 11. I'm chasing you. Memes I'm chasing. What'd you say Max? 11. Why 11? I always do 11. Oh though Shane does 11. No, I've done, I've done 11 past 30 times. Shane is 21, 18. Jake Marsh. Very cool. Very cool Jake.


Very cool. Alright, we'll see you everyone Monday with Ryan Re Love you guys.