
Hey, Pardon my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify or YouTube Prime Members can listen ad free on Amazon. Music on today's, Pardon My Take. We have week 17 in the NFL. We're gonna start with Fastest two minutes. We got some big time playoff implications going on. We've got a lot of the seeds set. We also have some fun games that are gonna be set up for week 18. Some things still at stake. We're gonna talk a little who's back. We're also maybe do a little college football because we have the quarterfinals coming up in a couple days.


And it's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings from Monster Slams to draining threes at the buzzer. Watching our favorite NBA players is the gift that keeps on giving and playing. Pick six from DraftKings. An official partner of the NBA A is a way to take a shot, even more cash prizes. It's super simple To get started, select two or more players and choose if they'll have more or less of a stat, like points rebounds, three pointers and more. Track your picks for a shot at huge cash prizes. That's all there is to it. Pick six is available in most states, including California, Texas, Georgia, Missouri, and more. And speaking of gifts for all first time, pick six players. Check this out. New customers play $5. Get 50 in pick six credits. The fun of the NBA season continues with the simplest way to play for a little. For a shot to win big pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5. Get 50 in, pick six credits. Happy Holidays from DraftKings. Pick six. The Crown is your Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org in Connecticut. Must be 18 and over. Age and eligibility restrictions vary by jurisdiction. Pick six. Not available everywhere, including New York and Ontario Void. Were prohibited. One per new customer bonus awarded as non-controllable. Pick six credits that expire in 30 days. Limited time offer. See terms at pick six dot DraftKings dot com slash promos course.


Okay, let's go Football guy. A


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. The fun of the NBA season continues with the simplest way to play for a little. For a shot to win big pick six from DraftKings. Download the DraftKings Pick six app. Now. Use code take. That's code take for new customers to play. $5 to get 50 in. Pick six credits. Happy holidays from DraftKings. Pick six. The crown is yours.


Today is Monday, December 30th. Week 1617. Week 17. Wha wha. We're on. We're on Zoom. Teach. We're talking on the computer. Let's not pull a Jeffrey Dubin. We start in Cincinnati in a game with huge playoff implications as Bo sticks prove that the Broncos are for real and isn't a grand illusion as he let the ball sail away. Sail away. To Marvin Yankee hat with no Brims. Jr. Who, who No cap ran up the bill scoring two touchdowns.


But it was Joe Sparrow that came out. The Victor Dunking on the defense injecting T shot Higgins, who said, yeah, we may have been gals, but now we are men. And even with the wind, there were questionable decisions down the stretch. Begging the question, will Cincy want to transition and remove Sack Taylor Bengals? Keep their playoff hopes alive. 30 Broncos. 24 What? Whoop. We go down to SoFi Stadium where it's Saturday Night Live with Kyler. Bill Murray. And it used to be a lot better with Aaron. Norm McDonald, Trey mc bridesmaid finally caught the bouquet and got outta the friend zone and into the end zone. But PCA mc, the and afraid as he pulled their pants down, Marvin William Henry Harrison hasn't had as sick of inaugural season as you think he would since he can't catch a cold the way his QBI is coughing it up.


And Chad thousand Ryland dressing is usually pretty solid, but dipped around and missed an extra point leading to a situation where the cards are driving, but needed a touchdown and a kello from the other side. Big catch. Picky bat is still alive. I'll tell you, I'm sorry for picking you off for Kyler threw the ball and to Mc pride's mouth. Williamson seals the game and keeps the rams in the playoffs To Sunday in the Meadowlands where the Windless at home giants were taking on the Colts without their AR 15. But they did have Joe tick Flacco, who went over the Xs and Os in prep all week as he looked like Prince Albert.


The way he was tossing balls to wide receiver phallic pierce, finding a hole in the D. Time and time again. Typically super bad giants quarterback Drew Cock must have looked at his notes. But unlike the movie, he never ended up getting the booze from the Giants. Faithful Mcg Greek neighbors was the hero of the day, as his skills didn't Peter out as he had the as he had all of the targets. Kebob and weaving through the Colts defense on the way to the victory. The G men, the G men, 45 Colts 33. We go down to Tampon Bay where it's that time of the young as Bryce is back in the flow and the Carolina cramps are looking to stop the bleeding on a bad season as they spotted the bucks in early td.


And in a touching tribute to my dear friend, Jimmy Carter. Dave Panama Canals turned it over in a contest. Some called it's must lose, and they got boat raced. Jimmy was a great man who came from poverty. And the pun is blocked and the pun is blocked. LMAO. Every day I'm Russell. And every day I'm Russell. And return at for a score. The bucks win in a blowout. 48 14. And the first time in Fastest two minutes history, we go to someone who's actually at the game Max, who is at Philly Reporting live from Philadelphia, or two Qua Barkley has officially etched his name into the prestigious 2000 Dark Cup.


Kenny Chiclets redeemed him, redeemed his performance from last week with too early touchdowns and a 24 7 halftime leak. Not a big deal. After an unfortunate injury. Tanner McKee and Bradley looked like the people's quarterback while throwing his first touchdown pass of the year. But then aj, what can Brown do for you? Express ship the memorial ball into the stands. After we, after we all thought the ball was gone, AJ went to Big Dom Corleone and said, someday I will call upon you to do a service for me. And that day is today as Big Don was able to retrieve the ball for AJ to give them a key shout out, big Don Eagles win 41 Cowboy seven.


And now to the tennis game of the day, Western New York, the bills and Jets memes was there. We head up to Buffalo where Josh Allen was singing, that's a mare as he finds him in end zone for th for a 30 yard pass, the bills weren't done. As Keon Ahm, a cole man went up over the jet secondary to possibly seal the MVP for Allen To add insult to injury, the Jets Ty let Tyro shaving private Ryan added a 69 yard touchdown in garbage time. As for the Jets, Aaron Rogers looked like he was playing dodge ball out there, throwing the ball to the other team and getting unnecessary roughness penalties. He commented after the game necessary. Is it necessary for me to drink my own urine?


No, but I like, I do it anyway because it's sterile and I like the taste. No Chucks. The wagons like the Buffalo Bills. Thanks memes down to Jacksonville where yes, people actually paid to attend this game. Drug Peterson needed a win in this battle between Crack Jones and Free Basin Rudolph. But none of the, but none of this game rocked Biden more time. Peterson won't be a job hunter quite yet. Calvin Coolidge, Ridley and Brian Thomas Jefferson had a tasteful homage to the late Jimmy Carter as neither went over 100 and much like our nation's capital arrests need to lower the flags and let this game end. Jaguar's 20.


Titans 13. What? What? We go up to Minneapolis where the Minnesota VI kings of Leon's sacks were on fire and they could really use Sam Buddy Donald to continue his great season. Jordan, I love Sprint goals. Yes, it's true. Yes I do. Was anything but a cupcake as a Vikings. Took a page out of Gordon Hayward's playbook and kept looking to Addison Josh. Very cool. Jacobs had a nice kigami while Malik Heath Letcher almost made it a dark night for the Vikings until just in the nick of time. Jefferson helped Minnesota take the top seed like a really tall squirrel. Vikings 27 Packers 25.


Stand in on the corner. James wins in coho Sight. Sight. It's what this cream was. Miami is a lot technically. Come on, Jim is hanging. Brooke Johnson, please look up. Is Matt in raids? Dolphins win 20 to three Now it Passes. Is two minutes Via Zoom. We crushed that last part. It was all brought to you by our friends.


It's Chevy. It's that time of the season. Teams are in the playoff on every game counts. Our AWS know when it counts. You can count on Chevy Silverado. A dependable partner with strength, capability, and true grit. Whether you're looking for a spacious interior to comfortably get to the game, the functionality of the Multiflex tailgate to get the most outta tailgating or the technology to make driving, towing and parking all easier. Chevy Silverado has got your back. Did you know that Chevy's America's most awarded brand for new vehicle quality over the last three years according to JD Power, now is the perfect time to get into the Silverado or Silverado hd, our favorite truck and the official truck a Pardon My Take. Go to chevy.com to check out all the great offers and even build your own Silverado and visit jd power.com/awards For more award details.


Okay, boys, week 17. In the books we are watching the Commanders and Falcons, we will update that at the end. Currently. Pft, you guys are down 10. Fighting. Fighting hard. Downtown. Downtown. And let's just start off by saying that Jamis Winston, or excuse me, Jaden Daniels through an interception in the first half. I know that Max wanted to see that also, max, have you noticed that we start every NFL Sunday recap by singing the Eagles? Isn't that a little bit of a bias towards Philadelphia by this podcast? Fucking baby. There's Cowboys fans out there. That was, you came out hot right there. Max hasn't said anything, but you know, he is thinking it. He's thinking it. No, I'm, I'm, I'm on edge 'cause we're down 17 seven And we don't look good.


So I'm taking it out on Max. Yeah, I apologize Max. So we will update because this game actually has a ton of implications, not only for the Commanders but also for the Seahawks and the Rams. The, the, the Seahawks are, are hoping the Falcons win. So they have a shot in week 18. I guess it has some implications for my pinky as well. But week 17 in the books And we will recap this game. We also should say this is our first podcast that we've ever done without Jimmy Carter alive. So RIP Jimmy Carter Murder Silence. Do you think it was the VAX that got 'em? I don't know. I think it was probably watching the Titans Jaguars. I was actually thinking about that. Imagine like this, this early slate.


There was actually some fun games out of nowhere. Like the Giants game was ridiculous outta nowhere. But to have that be your last, you know, he died, I think he died exactly at 3:40 PM So he might not have even seen the Giants win a home game this year. But to have that be your last NFL Sunday, that's brutal. Like I feel bad for Jimmy. He did. He went too. He actually went too young because he should have made it to the Super Bowl. Yeah, that would've been nice. I I was addicted to actually reading the tributes from all the various different like pop culture websites. So like if you, if you ran an account that had like a special logo next to it on Twitter, there was a mandate that you had to post something.


So I saw, I saw tributes from Trap, ratchet tv, film discussion, pop Crave. Here's my favorite Jimmy Carter stat. He outlived one of his obituary writers. I saw that. Insane. How fucking amazing is that? They wrote the obituary I think in 2017 and he just kept going as, as our good friend, big T put it like Jimmy just needed to stop building houses. Yeah. So they put him in in hospice when he was still working on houses and he just got down off the roof and was like, oh, maybe I just should have retired a a long time ago and stopped, you know, climbing up 20 feet in the air every day and nailing ceiling tiles down in the hot sun. He, there's also a chance he might not be dead 'cause he was famously just not waking up some days.


So like if tomorrow they're like, Hey our bad Jimmy Carter actually still alive. I wouldn't be totally shocked. No, it could happen. It could happen. Another great stat about Jimmy, this is from Jeremy Frank. He said that Babe Ruth hit more home runs in Jimmy Carter's lifetime than any currently active player. Right now Stanton is in the lead with 429 Jimmy Carter saw famously saw Babe Ruth and Hawk Tua. Yeah. And there's nothing, there's really nothing that we can say about the man that hasn't already been covered by my Francesa earlier when he was just like, Jimmy Carter dead. Not a great president. Oh, it's cool though though when someone dies when they're a hundred.


'cause it's just free reign to make jokes. Yeah. Like a hundred is way too old. Yeah. Like dude, you, that's just, it was way too way long past your expiration dude. Yeah. You Went to like Four overtimes in Buffalo Wild Wings. You don't really want to be a hundred years old. No, nobody. Nobody wants to be a hundred. All your friends are gone. You don't understand anything. I guess you get some sweet discounts on early dinners though, which is pretty good. But besides that there's not, not a whole lot going on. Yeah. But yeah, RIP Jimmy RIP Jimmy. Hey he was a real one. Yeah. And he was an A WL So one less listen for this episode. So someone please step up and listen twice for Jimmy. Alright, let's get into games. So just to set the stage, Hank is living his Ben Mint's life right now.


He's traveling across country to New Orleans to see his favorite band on New Year's. And he's got like flight issues. And then he just texted us and said that his bag is being shipped to Germany. So I don't know when he'll join us. When he does, he will have to do his boomer in monotone and also answer some questions about the Patriots. But let's start with that. Game Chargers 40 Patriot seven. Just real quick, Jimmy Carter got shipped to Germany and he still did his job. That's true. That's true. Well he didn't do his job today listening to this podcast. That's True. Yeah. Chargers 40, Patriots seven, the Los Angeles Chargers are in the playoffs.


Insane turnaround by Jim Harbaugh, the king of turnarounds. These are the, these are Jim Harbaugh. So his last three jobs he took over the, the San Francisco 49 ERs in 2011, the year before he took 'em over, they were six and 10. Missed the playoffs. They went 13 and three lost in the NFC championship game in 2015. He took over Michigan the year before Brady Hoke, who just didn't wear a headset on the sideline, looked like the dumbest piece of shit ever. Michigan went five and 70, took over the team, they went 10 and three this year. He takes over the Chargers who were a dumpster fire. Remember when the Chargers lost last year by like 70 to the Raiders? Yeah. Chargers were five and 12 last year.


They're 10 and six this year. They like got rid of a bunch of their really good players. Jim Harbaugh brings the culture, he brings the change. And all of this is to be said without even noting his like most insane turnaround, which took two years, but Stanford football that he made like a real program Yeah. In two years time. So he, that that's what he does. And the Chargers are back in the playoffs and they're a functional team. And I know it makes Hank so mad that the Chargers, if they can win next week and the Steelers lose could be playing the Texans and which is a very winnable game for this Chargers team. Yeah. So I, I was thinking about Jim Harbaugh and, and his turnarounds and the thought occurred to me that, that some NFL coaches might not really, you know, they say they care about winning and they want to win, but Jim Harbaugh needs to win.


Yeah. He has to win. If he doesn't win, then he might as well be dead. Like that's Jim Harbaugh's reason for waking up in the morning is to like win every single encounter that he has. Yeah. He's addicted. He's, some people say like, I'm addicted to winning. He's actually addicted to winning. Yeah. If you took winning away from him, he would, he would go through withdrawals, you would need to lock him in a padded Cell. And you remember when we were with him for training camp and he kind of gave us that look where we're like, oh, how are you guys gonna be this year? And he is like, kind of like, Hey, you know, we're going through some things. We're, we're changing over the roster. There's a lot of young players that have to, but he, he like gave that look like I wouldn't bet against Jim Harbaugh. Like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do something here.


And they did. And like lad McConkey outside of Malik Neighbors who we'll get to, and Brian Thomas, he lad McConkey was the eighth receiver picked in the draft. He's the third best receiver so far from that draft. He was insane. He went, he's top 15 in receptions, yards and touchdowns in the whole league. Not just rookies. And it's like everything JK Dobbins got healthy. It feels like the Chargers like I, I don't, they're not gonna win the Super Bowl, but they could make some noise. Be Ken. I feel like we've been sent to a lifetime of every time lad McConkey has a good game just getting incessant texts from Jerry O'Connell. Yeah. Just being like, why, why didn't he do that in week 16? Yes.


Where was this in week 16? Just a heads up guys. I drafted in in week 16. Sorry. Yeah. We're we're, we're just gonna be like updated on his everything with his life via those texts. But yeah, the, the Chargers look looked good. They dominated the Patriots wasn't really close. Got a little stone smart action going on and JK Dobbins is back. Yeah. Back. And that's, that's, that's huge. Huge. Massive. So yeah, I mean depending on, on the way the, the postseason schedule shakes out, they might, they might win a game. Who knows. I wouldn't put that If they play the Texans, Yeah. They're, they're playing better football than the Texans right now. I don't know If Playing the Ravens that would be very difficult because the Ravens look unstoppable at this, you know, in December.


But yeah, I mean if they play the Texans and then, you know, if they, if if they, if it breaks out and they play the Texans, then they go maybe play the Chiefs hard to beat a team three times. That's true. They're gonna lose the Chiefs. But it's still, I'll say all week, it's hard to beat a team three times and then the Chiefs will make it look really easy. It's one of my favorite things to say. I don't think that it's true. No, it's not. We should look it up actually. No, let's not look it up. No, I Think we did look it up And we, it was proven not to be true. Yeah. I don't wanna know if it's not true, but it's, it is good to say, I mean there's a lot of tape out there for Harbaugh to study now. I don't know weirder things have happened, but I guess if he goes up against his brother, then that adds up a whole new dynamic to it. Yeah. Like the parents will probably be at that game and he'll need to win that even more.


You never know. You never, obviously the Ravens are a much better team than the Chargers, but yeah, great, great turnaround. And it's crazy because with the Chargers, you know exactly what they need to add this off season. Like it's very clear that, you know, this was, this was not gonna be a one year turnaround, but getting to the playoffs in year one, that's why whenever anybody says it'll take you five years to fully rebuild a football team, bullshit. They're full of shit. Bullshit. That's somebody that wants to give themselves a five year runway to suck ass. Well It also like this Charger's turnaround, if you wanna call it that. 'cause it's, they're, they, they did get rid of a lot of players and they've, they've had to like get young, but it was all, I mean it was Justin Herbert and you needed a coach who was gonna bring the most outta Justin Herbert, who, you know, it's not like he was playing bad before Jim Harbaugh showed up, but he wasn't playing to his like full potential.


And Jim Harbaugh is just, I think if you, you just are around him enough, you'll just have confidence to be great at your job. Yeah. Like he, you know, when he told us about SpongeBob, he's like, I respect SpongeBob, he's a hero of mine. He just does his job every day. Like Jim Harbaugh, if you just put him in any setting, everyone's gonna work harder and get the most out of like their, you know, they're gonna be the most efficient they could be. I think he reminds everybody of how much they cared about winning when they were in middle school. Yeah, that's What I think that is. He he never, he never got past that. Like he, he was a sore loser from day one. And all, all the guys in the NFL at some point had that same thing in them. A lot of 'em still do, but like some, you know, it's a profession. They go to work, they grind whatever. But like being around Harbaugh, you're like, oh yeah, oh yeah.


I, I only care about showing my teacher how fast I Am. It's very funny to think now of like Jim Harbaugh losing and, and going into the locker room and like having to take a moment in his, in his office where he just like cries and like, you know, like is like a 8-year-old. He's crying and he's like punching things and he is like, why didn't I, why didn't we win? It's like, well you, you can't win every time. It's like, no, that's not right. I wanna win's. Not fair. Yeah. Alright, so we do have questions for Hank that we'll save when he gets on because I feel like Gerard Mayo, like he's gotta be fired, right? They were, It goes back, it, it goes back to what we talked about the other week, which is I don't think that craft wants to fire him because then that would be craft admitting that he made a mistake by hiring him in the first place.


And he, he looks at the, the Patriots organization, his legacy as being like this very classy place where, you know, they, he thinks of himself like the Steelers where it's like we don't fire coach as nilly in New England, But if you're, I mean you're gonna make the same mistake the Bears just made where it's like keeping a a bad head coach around for a young quarterback is not a good thing. I mean the PA Patriots did end up kind of winning the weekend because they vaulted into the number one seed, which was we'll get to with the Giants game. But Yeah. We'll, we'll ask Hank what what he wants. So the next game, which was awesome, Bengals 30 Broncos 24 overtime thriller. We deserved this game. The Bengals stay alive, the Bengals still need help.


They need the Broncos and the Dolphins to lose in week 18 and they need to win. But the Bengals who were I think four and eight at one point are alive, still have a playoff shot in week 18 next Sunday. And this was a, a crazy game because it was basically a microcosm of the Bengals whole season where their defense failed them at crazy times. Their kicking failed them, their coach kind of failed them. And Joe Burrow just kept on dragging them out of the mud over and over. He won this game three times. Yeah. He won this game in regulation. He won this game in overtime and then he won it for real in overtime after they got the ball back, after the missed kick. He, it was insane to watch.


And Joe Burrow is, I, I know he is not gonna win MVP but I think he should absolutely be considered because what he's done, I was looking it up. PFT. So Joe Burrow is gonna finish, I think he has 42 touchdown passes right now. He leads the league in touchdown passes in, in in yards. There's no quarterback to throw. There's only one quarterback, sorry to throw 45 or more touchdowns and not win the MVP. And that was Drew Brees in 2011. And the only reason he didn't win it is 'cause Aaron Rogers threw 45 and he won the MVP. Yeah. So if he throws three touchdown passes in week 18, it's gonna be unprecedented that a quarterback had the season he had and didn't end up winning the MVP and his team is to blame.


But you could make the argument, Lamar and and Josh have been incredible and like, I hope, I selfishly hope Josh wins, but I like there's no wrong choice. Saquon also 2000 yards. Joe Burrow has been doing this on a team where like he has no margin for error and he has to be this great week in and week out and no one's gonna bail him out. I'm just gonna say it. Joe Burrow should be the MVP. Yeah. I said two months ago. I should've bet it. That's the thing I I'm pussy. No. And I didn't bet it when I told everyone to bet it. Like I, I think regardless of if they make the Playoffs or not, Joe Burrow should be the MVP. He's been the best player. And that's, I know that's not what the, the award has become, but it should be like what, who's to say what the award is?


The award is what it says that it is originally, which is the best player, the most valuable player in the NFL. Yeah. And you can't get like how many wins do you think the Bengals would have if they had, who's like the most perfectly average court dak if the Bengals had Dak Prescott? Yeah. Cooper Rush. How many, no, not Cooper. He's too good. If they had Dak Prescott, how many wins do you think they'd have this season? They would, they would not be playing for a playoff spot in week 18. I I think they would've lost that game to the Cowboys. Yeah. Yeah. D would've Rush would've thrown it to the, he would've gotten confused. He would've thrown it to the cowboy. He would've thrown it to the Cowboys. Yeah. They would've definitely lost that game to the Cowboys. And so this was a, the third game or so, excuse me, eighth game. Yes.


With three touchdowns in 250 yards In a row. In a row. But here's the crazy, that's fucking crazy. Here's even better with Stat PFD, he's now done it 10 times this year. There's only four quarterbacks that have ever done that. 10 times, 250 yards, three touchdowns in a game. 10, 10 times in a year. So 10 games they did that. The three others are 2007. Tom Brady, MVP, 2013. Peyton Manning. MVP 2018. Patrick Holmes, MVP. So again, another unprecedented if Joe bro doesn't win the MVP, all these other guys that had did done the exact same thing he did. They were just on better teams. They won the MVP. Yeah. All his numbers are MVP.


His defense has kept it like, if, if, if, if the Cincinnati Bengals had, if they had won one of those games against the Ravens and had beaten the Patriots week one, they would have what, 10 wins now. So they'd be 10 and six going to and they would be in the playoffs. Would it even be a debate like he'd be the MVP? No. And regardless of if they make the playoffs or not, I I do think he should be the MVP at this point. Yeah. Even though it goes against my Lamar Jackson future. I don't care. I'm willing to stand up and say like, you can, you can take it. I've been lucky enough, Joe Burrow, he's done everything that you want him to do. And it's, it, I I don't want this to be looked at. It's gonna be a wasted season if they don't make the playoffs and there's still a pretty good chance that they don't make the playoffs.


Oh, I'd say High chance. It, it, it would be, it would be the most wasted season I think of all time or up there. 'cause Calvin Johnson, he had 2000 yards one time with the Lions. I think they won three or four games that season. The, that was a pretty wasted year actually. Just Calvin and Barry Sanders, both of them and The Chargers, the Chargers year where they were number one in offense, number one in defense and last in special teams and didn't make the playoffs. Yep. Max Homan the Rider Cup. Yeah. Wasted season. Incredible Season. Incredible season. Lee in the Civil War. Crazy. He put up Wilt numbers Cra wild numbers. Never Tyrese Maxey this year. Yeah. Jared McCain into in November.


Yeah. I, I brought, I don't want to get into, you know, this show, we don't do media narratives for awards. Right? Like, we never push a certain narrative one way or the other. No, we go by the tape on the Show. We go by the tape. I wrote something down. I'm not even gonna read it. Come on Jack. Can you up to the screen? I'll read it Here. I'll, you know what, I'll text it to Max, max should have to read it. Okay. Max will read it. And Ravens fans, this is Max Deante. He's the one who's reading this. All right. Say something nice about the Broncos, even though they kind of suck and I actually like weirdly want the Broncos to get in the playoffs so I can bet everything on the bills against the Broncos.


Bo Nicks throws the fuck outta the football when he throws the deep ball, he throws the fuck out of it. And I respect that. Yeah, that's true. All right. Max say this, this is Max ante saying it by the way. Max Ante here. It's getting hot. The, it's funny watching because we obviously were, we were kind of in the thick of the Heisman race not having any wager and not, and watching from afar. People are really angry about Josh Lamar, Joe. Like, it's crazy. Like I, Ryan Clark, I think his brain is broken. He's just, he's just finding random people online and quote tweeting all of them to say anything about Lamar. It's like, dude, everyone, everyone knows Lamar is incredible.


He's having an incredible season. He's having such an incredible season. Max has a sta For it. Yeah. Here's the stat. Lamar against the Bengals twice the bucks once. And the Giants, which are three of the worst defenses in the NFL have 18 touchdowns and zero interceptions. Whoa. I don't like that stat. I think that's a Oh, so he's not supposed, he's not supposed to play good against bad teams. Yeah. That's a crazy sta max. Why would you say that? Oh, also Max, you hate Lamar. Maybe, maybe their defenses are so bad because they have to incorporate the stats like what Lamar did to them. Yeah, true. That has a part in it. Yeah. Yeah. And Maybe Max and maybe if, if like a running back breaks a single season rushing record, they should be considered for MVP too.


Oh. In an extra game And 50 less carries. Hmm. Interesting, Interesting. OJ did that in no, in no less than 14 games. Yeah. Eric Dickerson, six 16 games for Eric Dickerson. So one extra game. Yeah. I don't know what to make. I, I mean the Broncos like nice season. I still think they'll probably make the playoffs. Although I kind of, I kind of feel like the Chiefs might win that game just out of like, here's, here's one thing that, that I makes no sense to me. People being like, the Chiefs don't want the Bengals in the playoffs. That makes no sense to me for this reason. If the Bengals were in the playoffs, they would be the seven seed and the bills would be the two seed.


If the, if the Chiefs had to play the Bengals, that would mean the Bengals beat the bills. If you asked the Chiefs, who would you rather play the bills or the Bengals? It's definitely the Bengals. Their defense has been so bad all year. The Bills beat the, the Chiefs. Like I know that this like Borough head thing, which by the way is not even real. 'cause I think the, I think the Chiefs have beaten them the last three times they've played, like if you're a Chiefs fan, I think most Chiefs fans probably think this like, go ahead, let the Bengals in. 'cause if they, if they somehow upset the bills, that's, that's an easier path. Yeah. A a million percent. They would much rather play that defense than play against the bills. Right. And if, if you are, if you want like a team that will give the chiefs a, a puzzlingly good game and it'll come down to like the last five minutes and the Chiefs will do something that will piss everybody off and win, then Yeah.


The Bengals, that would be the matchup that you're pointing at right there. Yeah. So in, in the last week of the season, we got maybe Carson wit, although I heard that, that Mahomes is, is thinking that he might start, I don't know. 'cause it's gonna be a lot of time off of them. Yeah. First Of all, that's what I'm saying. It's 25 days. I don't, I don't, I I don't disagree with the fact that Andy Reed wants to start Mahomes. I don't think he should play the whole game. I think you're probably gonna get like a quarter if they're up by like two scores or a half of Mahomes and then it'll be Carson Wins time and Carson Wentz. All I know for a fact is that he will do something that will piss everybody off with the way it impacts the playoff race. That probably gonna be a tie if you put Carson, if he starts that game, plays the whole game, it'll probably be a tie.


Everyone's gonna get confused and then something's gonna happen where you're gonna be like, goddammit, that sucks that Carson wins started that game. Yes. Agreed. And also, I don't know if you wanna start Patrick Mahomes against a, a Broncos defense. Like Zach Allen had three and a half sacks on Joe Burrow got sacked seven times on on Saturday. Like you don't, I I get 25 days is a lot of days. So memes, you just sent this, the chiefs are three and oh against the Bengals in the last three. Like it's, yeah, they play 'em tough, but again, the Bills are a more complete team than the Bengals. If you, if you're in a must win game in week 18 and you need help, something went wrong during that season that makes you not as scary of a team.


I don't think you wanna play Josh Allen or Joe Burrow in the Playoffs if you the Chiefs. True. But if you have the choice, you're gonna take the Cincinnati Bengals. Yeah. Yeah. And it's not, it's not really that close. And I get It, like you would maybe have to play the Bengals and then also the Ravens where in another way you'd maybe have to play the char. I I get it. But I'm just saying like, I don't think the Chiefs as a franchise are scared of anyone at this point. Like it's just not, that's just not how they operate. No. They just win. Nor should they be, they shouldn't be afraid of anybody. Yeah. They just win games. Okay. So Yeah. I, I don't, the the bone Nicks drive to tie the game was sick. That was like 89 yards and 70 seconds. But I, the Broncos, like they're limping in right now and I, it's not like they're bad, it's just they've had to play a couple teams that are better than them and they've kind of been exposed for that.


I also think the, the Broncos are kind of irritating for the casual fan to watch because they cycle their running backs around so, so confusingly. Yeah. Like you have no idea who's gonna be getting touches in the red zone, no idea who's gonna be getting touches on third down. It's, it's just like hard to figure them out. Same, it's like they're anonymous, crushed defense. Yeah. They like thrive on just cha inter being interchangeable Also. I love that Zach Taylor was like, yeah, chase Brown got hurt so we had to abandon our plan. It's like you could have just stuck with the plan dude. Like totally botched that where he scored on the next play and didn't even make the Broncos use their last time out. That's the other thing that, that ending sequence right there where Chase Brown did the right thing.


He went down at like what the two yard line took himself down. Well he got injured doing the right thing. Like if he had Yeah, if he had, that's what I'm kept on going. He wouldn't have gotten injured. That's what I'm saying. So he, he tries to do the right thing goes down at like the one or the two to kill the clock, let them end with a fuel goal if they want. Or probably the smarter thing would be run the football, let them burn a time out and then try to score a touchdown afterwards. Right. So he tries to do the right thing and then they just go ahead and score on the next play anyways and then the game goes to overtime and he's injured and he's watching. He's like, why the fuck did I did that? Like, it, it makes yeah, makes no sense. So yeah. Zach Taylor, I don't know. Do you think Zach Taylor, is he safe? How safe is Zach?


I think he's safe. The, I mean the Bengals have to pay T Higgins. I don't know how much he's gonna get paid a lot of money, but if that was T Higgins' last game, home game in Cincinnati, what a way to go out because he had three touchdowns and like just absolutely abused Riley Moss and I like you gotta, I this is the Bengals are, I feel bad for Bengals fans because this is just you, you have a franchise quarterback who's playing MVP level, who's ascended to a different level. You have the best route wide receiver in, in the game and you have a cheap owner that might not pay for an insane weapon in t Higgins. And this season is like a, you just can't waste seasons like this.


And they did, they cheat, you know, know they're just cheap ownership and it sucks. Yeah. So, you know what pisses me off is that it's not public information to find NFL coaches' salaries. Yeah. That should be listed. I know. It's just like, it, it's not part of the salary cap. So the, the teams don't have to list it for any like competitive reason. And why would a private business owner like list how much they're paying somebody if they don't have to. But that's bullshit. Fuck that we should know. I agree. I wanna know how much everybody's getting paid because that, that way when they do something stupid, you can be like, oh, you get, you get paid $17 million a season to fuck up the end of the fourth quarter and I do it for free. Yeah. So I, I don't know what his extension is right now, but I think he, I'm reading that he, he makes four and a half million per year.


So depending on how many more? Not that much. No. That's the low, that's probably the lowest of any NFL head coach. Like that's about the bare minimum. Yeah. Which shows that cheap ownership. And it also means that like if he's got a couple more years left, they're probably not gonna wanna fire him because then you have to pay him. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I think Andy Reed makes 20 million, which is actually a, a bargain. Yeah. Like when you think about it. Okay. Rams 13 Cardinals nine. The Rams are possibly in without having to play week 18. We're still waiting for the Commander's Falcons game to end, but obviously a big win. They needed this win. They are. I I'm, I have a couple statements that it might might bite me in the ass in a couple weeks.


The first one is, I'm not scared of the Rams, even though I have my pinky on the line. I'm not scared of the Rams. I think their offense is like broken Their running game's, not their Running game's. Good. But they, they, they, they are now 11 straight games without scoring in the first quarter. Three out of the last four games. So the, obviously the Bills game was insane. Three outta the last four games. I think they've scored like, I don't know, like 13 points a game and Cooper Cup has been invisible in three outta the last four games or four outta the last five games. Sorry. Taking out the Bills game. He's caught seven balls for 70 yards in in four of the last five games. I don't, they just, they they start slow.


Their defense is good. Their defense made some big plays against the Cardinals down the stretch. I just don't think they're a complete team that can win the Super Bowl. So I'm doubling down. I I think that might be mostly on Matt Stafford though. Matt Stafford hasn't played well in like the last month. So Yeah, Cooper Cup's been kind of invisible. KU has still manages to put up some stats, but Matt Stafford hasn't. When was the last time he threw for even 200 yards? Well, He definitely did against the Bills. Dad, you, you gotta take out the Bills game. 'cause remember the Bills game was just a, an insane up and down shootout Big 12 game. But yeah, he, he hasn't been that good since like November. Yeah. So I, I am, I'm not afraid of the Rams in the same way that I'd be afraid of other teams. Like the Eagles are, are like a way more physical team and they'll beat the fuck outta you.


I would be afraid of what Sean McVay is capable of in the playoffs. I I'd agree with that. I just, and I, I think When he, when he knows that he might have like an Undermatched team and that he has to do weird shit, that's what I'm afraid of. And this also comes down to the seeding, how it's gonna most likely work out. You know, like The nfcs gonna be kind of fucked up with the reseeding because the Vikings or the Lions are gonna be seated as a wild card, but they're gonna be better than whoever wins the South and whoever wins the west. Right, exactly. And same with, you know, the Packers you throw in there as well. Oh, big touchdown. Not Brian Robinson. That hurts. Yeah. Chris Rodriguez Jr. The the, the commanders take the lead 20 to 17, 13 minutes in the, in the fourth quarter.


But yeah, I just, again, this is gonna probably bite me in the ass. The other statement's coming later that's really gonna bite me in the ass. I'll just, I'll give a preview right now. I'm not worried about the Packers at all. Okay, well then beat them next week. How About that? These these two statements are gonna hurt me. Yeah. These two statements are gonna hurt me. You say that, say that after next week please. Because I need you to beat the Packers. I need, I Need this. We're not gonna beat the Packers pt. I need, we're not gonna, I need, we will, the Bears will be lucky to feel the team next week. Half the guys are probably gonna be in Cancun by the time kickoff comes around. Harbaugh would be disgusted. He would spit on you for this attitude. Yeah. Listen, I would, I wanna spit on myself.


Pause Cardinals. I I just can't quit. I said it, I think I said it on Friday. I was like, I'm, or maybe it was last Monday where I was like, Kyler Murray are like, I, I don't know how many more years I can do this. And then he was actually incredible. Like he played, he made some big time plays except for throwing an absolute bullet off Trey McBride's face for the interception, which was very funny. And Trey McBride shout out, got a, got a touchdown 98th catch of the season was his first touchdown reception. The only, the, the second longest was Keysan in 2001. He had 92 before he caught the touchdown pass. But yeah, I don't, Calor Murray is like, there's weeks where I'm just like, I don't want to watch this guy anymore.


And then I'm like, yeah, I actually could sell myself on him being the guy. So I don't, I don't know what, I'm just confused about Kyler at all times. They were trying so hard to get that ball to Trey McBride too. Oh yeah. They did it like they ran like four or five plays just trying, that was their Super Bowl was having Trey McBride score a touchdown pass. Yeah. And yeah, they, they tried to go back. That pass was very funny at the end. Kyler, I, yeah, I don't know because when he is playing at his best, you can't really contain him and he looks like he's a little magical guy. But then you get, you've gotten so much more of the bad Kyler as the season went on. Yeah. Maybe Kyler was the one that he needs to absorb the Cliff Kingsbury stats. Yeah, he, because he he does, he fades.


That team faded. And they should have, they should have won that game against the Rams and the Rams just held on and so Yeah. See I, I don't know, I don't know that that gannon's safe either. Pew pew, Pew, pew. He didn't do enough fuck shit. He had no one where he went for it on fourth and 10. I appreciated that, but it was not enough fuck shit for us to give him immunity for life. Yeah. He, he, his game plan was just Trey McBride. Yeah, that's what he worked on. I think all week. He just scheme plays for him. Yeah. Okay. Let's go to Sunday. Eagles 41 Cowboys seven. Our guy Max was there. We gotta hear everything about it. Also shout out Pug.


He was right about Tanner McKee three for four, two touchdowns. Tanner McKee is electric. He might be the future. And the Eagles win the NFC East continuing the streak 20 20th consecutive season that we haven't had a repeat winner in the NFC East Max. You were there. What was it like? You got to, you got to meet Nick Siri. I did meet Nick Siri. Great guy. Great Paan never said a bad word about him. I love Nick Siri. Yeah. You both love him. I publicly did not publicly apologize to Nick Siri two weeks ago. I did not tell him. True. That's true. It was a, it was a quick intro.


It was a quick intro. I thanked him for, thanked him for his service. He's now the first Eagles coach with two 13 win seasons. Very impressive. One of the most winning coaches in the NFL right now. That's a fact. Kind of one of whatever Nick Siri, my guy. Did you thank him? What what service did you thank him for? Being a good football coach. Okay. Okay. And and you got and Big, big Dom. Big dom, you were with Big Dom who's our favorite. He was big do he Gave the best, He gave you a game ball. Yeah. Big Dom gave me a game ball. It it, i it was a wild it it was a wild day from start to finish.


He brought me out onto the field. I watched, I watched all of the guys go out for warmups, do do their whatever. Some ran he, he was some, one of other, another one of Big Dom's friends was just face FaceTime with Pete Davidson and Big Dom brings his friend over and he was like, yo, Pete, meet my friend. And then on, he just showed me the phone and it was just Pete Davidson. And I was like, what's up Pete? So, so that, that's how, that's how the day started. And then he gave me the sickest seats ever. 50 year, 50 yard line. First row Eagles go up big in the fourth quarter. Then he just starts acting like Santa Claus.


He comes over, he gives me, he gives me a game ball. He get goes to my mom, he gives my mama like a team issued Beanie. It was great. Oh hell yes. It was an unbelievable day. The Eagles beat the shit outta the Cowboys and Big Dom was just the best as you could imagine. Big Dom got, he got a lot of face time today too. Big Dom was all over the screen. Yeah. After, after AJ Brown threw Tanner McKee's first touchdown pass into the stands. Yes. They, the camera like immediately cut the big, big dom and aj. 'cause AJ was like, I'll give him my jersey, I'll give him my jersey and Big Dom's like, I got this, I'm gonna take care of this guy. Don't worry about it. So Max says fate would have it. My aunt was actually at the game sitting next to the guy that caught that ball from AJ Brown.


No Way. Yeah. And so the team security came up to him and it was like, big Dom's gonna take care of you. We need that ball back. But big Dom says he's gonna make you good. And the the kid was like, yeah, sure, no problem. I trust big dom. Yeah, no, I mean that we, the revelle whatever the loser, like that is a situation that you ha you should give the ball back. I think. Yeah, it's Tanner McKee the chance. Exactly. The chances of Tanner McKee going on to be this like, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh, I'm sorry Pug. Whoa, sorry. Pug. Sorry Pug, sorry Pug. Tanner McKee is the truth. Tanner McKee very good quarterback. He had a great, that was a great drive that he had today. He had two great balls in that drive. AJ Brown caught two of his touchdowns.


But whatever it seems like, Go back all the, all the Eagles backup quarterbacks have great relationships with AJ Brown. Yeah, no, it's a great quarterback room. We're building a factory, But Big Dom is the best. That was awesome that he, he, you know, hooked you guys up, you and your parents. And so I, I, I like Big Dom's, one of those guys. Like when I grow up, I wanna be big Dom. I know that makes no sense because I'm about to be 40, but I do, I do wanna be big dom when I grow up. Yeah. Max, you know how say that you'd prefer to, if Jaden Daniels was not in the division, I would prefer if Big Dom wasn't in the division. Like he's, He I love that tape. Good. That's awesome. That rocks. He's He's best a problem in the division.


He's best. Yeah, he's best. He's best, best put him on any other team. Did you, did you Max, did you see Jerry Jones went on his radio show after and he said that an Eagles fan went up to him and said, keep doing the job you're doing this year. And he, he was not happy. I love that. I mean the, those the Cowboys I should have known because I was like, Ooh, maybe the Cowboys are gonna be frisky here. The Eagles are Cooper Rush kryptonite. He is, he's played the Eagles three times. He has 373 yards total against the Eagles in three games full starts, two touchdowns, five interceptions. This game was a laugher. It wasn't even like you guys were pick sixes and Kenny Pickett got it.


Still didn't matter. There was, there was a little bit of a hairy moment there in the first, first quarter. I mean, yeah, it started off with a pick six, but then, you know, we stalled, we were getting out, I think at one point the Cowboys had like 150 yards to our like 14. So it was like, it, it wasn't from start to finish, but we, we picked it, we picked it up and Saquon Saquon is So Seon started rolling. Yeah. Yeah. He, he had a great game. And Kenny Pickett actually looked pretty good when he was in. I think he, he broke his ribs last week and so they said he had a pain killing injection shot and then he took another shot to the ribs. So I don't know, I don't know how long he's gonna be out, but you should get Jalen back next week, right?


Well, he is gonna sit. Well, he wont, Ain't nothing to play For. Well he won't. Yeah. Yeah, they got the Tuesday. Although wrapped up. The question is, do you, do you play Seon next week? I would say he's hundred One yards. He's 101 yards from the record. I also say no, but if I had to guess, I think if I had to guess, I think that they, I think they will play him and I actually, I'm not happy about They should have Kept him in. They should have kept him in longer this week. I know that doesn't make any sense. Yeah, because like, snaps are snaps. But once you're already playing a game, I don't know. I, I, my guess is they play him and give him like 10 carries and see if he can break one. Yeah.


That feels like what they're gonna do. Yeah. I like, I don't want him to play at all. Like if he gets hurt that and don't damn play in the playoffs. Don't say that. I mean that's what, that's the whole, that's the, that's the whole conversation. That's the whole, that's the only thing you can say. The only I I don't want do it. The only reason I wish they'd play him next week is because it would make that clip of Steven Chase saying not to draft him in fantasy football. Know even funnier if he then went on to have the all time greatest season in the history of the sport of football. I also a backyard. Eric Dickerson's. Eric Dickerson's been kind of a salty bitch about it. So like he, I kind of want him to play for that reason too. So Yeah, it's like Mercury Morris vibes.


When Mercury Morris would like talk shit about any team that was, you know, 12 and oh. But I kind respect it too, like if you're Eric Dickerson, you don't, you don't want your record to be broken. That's not true when people say that, like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar when he had to give that game, but when they stopped the entire NBA to give a ball to LeBron James, that is, that's no, nobody with a realistic, like a true competitor would not want their record to be broken. They want to be known as the best. Here's the only counterpoint. And I, I feel like if I had a record like that, I would, I'd want it to be broken before I died. Because you do get a bounce of like, everyone saying, wow, Eric Dickerson was incredible. That's an insane record.


So like, if I could time it to like, get my record broken, like a year or two before I die, so that I get all the, because like once you're dead, what does it fucking matter? You know? It's gonna get broken and you're gonna be dead and no one's gonna be able to say, Hey, you were awesome. Okay. So that's a good point because if you're like Michael Strahan and you have the single season record for Sachs, you're already famous. You're on every fucking TV show in America. You don't want that record to be broken. There's no upside for you. Yeah. But if, if, but if you haven't really done much since you played, you're fading off a little bit, then you get a, you get a week of, of free dinners. Right. And, and you get to go to the game and you get to be like, oh, young buck. Like Great job. And if you're Eric Dickerson, you get the added bonus of an extra game.


And I know the Carries Max, you mentioned the Carries, you had that ready to go, but you could always be like, I I didn't play 17 games. Yeah. So you could be like, oh, I had the 16 game record. It is cool to get 2000 yards though in, in 16 games. Yes. Very cool. Very, very cool. I, yeah, I don't, I don't know. He Saquon did have a, a funny line after, which is more injury for the Giants when he said it was his first hat and t-shirt game and he didn't even know that was a thing. That's tough for Giants fans that he was like, I had no idea that a hat and t-shirt game was a thing. Do you think, do you think the Cowboys will play Tray La Tree Lance next week? I mean, they should.


Why, why haven't there? I don't know. That's a good question. Is Jerry Jones okay? I feel like he's lost his fastball. No. Eagles fans are chirping him. He's getting chirp. Yeah. And then he's going on and he's he's amplifying that. Yeah. It's bad. It's bad. I, I, I'm worried about Jerry Jones. I I don't think he's capable of making his insane decisions anymore. I think that he's just, you know, kind of a normal guy that doesn't like to stir the pot too much. And I don't like that. Yeah, I agree. It's, it's, it's a little, he's being a little too quiet about everything, You know? What are you laughing about, max? I'm just thinking about Eagles fans are the best. I, there was this guy behind me at the game today, and every single play was a bullshit call by the refs and it was a fucking ref show.


I remember there was two tackles of like, Saquon was just running outside and they just like took his legs out and he just goes, that's a chop block. That's a fucking chop block of just like having no idea what any of it actually means. But I, I shout out that guy, that guy was the Best. Shout out that guy. Shout out that guy. Oh, B Rob. We need him to score a touchdown for the people. All right. Giants 45 Cols 33. Who's more mad at this result? The Giants. But the Cols too, like that they were, the Cols were in the pecking order of the, like, you know, obviously we've talked about the Bengals a lot, but the Cols was, were gonna be in, if the, if the Broncos lost in week 18, I still think the Giants are more angry about it.


If you're a Col fan, yeah. Your defense sucked. Your defense was so bad. Drew, drew Lock carved you up, but you had Joe Flacco, so you can just say, oh, we had our backup quarterback. So in terms of what this means for the future, we can't get the full picture on everything. 'cause if, if AR is in there, he is probably gonna run the ball a lot more and, you know, limit the possessions a little bit. But yeah, it's, it's bad, it's bad for both teams, don't get me wrong. But for the Giants, this was, this was such a, such a bad win. This might be the worst win of all time. Yeah. I mean they, they went from the first draft pick to the fourth and they obviously need, need a quarterback and every other team that ahead Of them. Yes, exactly. Yeah. So they, they, it's crazy.


They end up winning this game. It, it does kind of prove that tanking in the NFL is impossible because the quotes from the Giants players after we're like, we're not fucking trying to lose. Like we're, we're out here playing for our jobs. They did avoid becoming the first team ever to lose nine home games in a season. But, so I, it's, I actually think it's, it, it could be worse for the cults if they don't fire Chris Ballard. That would be my statement. Chris Ballard. Do you know this, this is a fun stat about Chris Ballard. So he took over the job in 2017. Since 2017 there have been, I think it's seven.


So seven years, seven winners of the A FC South. The Jaguars have won it twice. The Titans have won it twice. The Texans have won it three times. The Indianapolis Colts have won it zero times. It is the most combustible division that you can win year to year. And Chris Ballard's teams have not won it a single time. And this is another year where, remember the 2021 year where they lost the Jags a, a terrible Jags team at the end of the season. Yep. They had it last year where they had a win and get in game. His teams just fall apart. Their defenses fall apart. The Giants were averaging 14 points a game and they had 45. I know there were some turnovers, but 45 points.


Like Yeah, it was crazy. Malik Malik neighbors couldn't be stopped. The running game looks good. See, drew Locke is a Bronco for life. We already knew that, but he's still even more of a Bronco for life for beating the Colts. Yeah, it's bad. It, it's, it's a very bad situation for the Colts. But I feel like this was an so if they, if they had won this game and then they lost next week, didn't get in, I would think that Chris Ballard had a higher likelihood of sticking around. Right. Yeah. But the fact, yeah, no, that's what I'm saying. If yeah, if this gets rid of Chris Ballard, this is an okay loss for the Colts because you, if you keep Chris Ballard and you, they already said that anti Richard's gonna be their quarterback starting quarterback to start next year. So I'd already like to make a prediction if Chris Ballard sticks around, if they don't change anything for the cults, I'd like to make a prediction that the cults will finish eight or nine or nine and eight and miss the playoffs.


Yep. It sounds about right. That's where They're gonna be. Yeah. This, this is one of those shootouts where I thought that the Colts should have gone for two when they were, they scored a touchdown. I think they were down, what were they down I think to make it down nine instead of down 10. Yeah. Like your, your defense, your defense wasn't stopping anybody. And sometimes you gotta do weird shit like that. And we saw Matt LaFleur tried to do something like that later on in the day, but yeah. Bad, bad game for the Colts. Bad game for the Giants fans. Yes. I know during the game they were very active, they were very vocal about like, they were cheering on their team, they wanted to win, but there's probably like a hangover that you had when you're driving outta the stadium and you're like, that was fun.


But fuck. Yeah, I really, I really, it's like I really should have wrapped it up. He, I guess the only thing you could SI think, I think the only thing you could say is maybe, and this is what I would do if I were a Giants fan, be like, you know, there's no, it's not like the best quarterback class And we would've had to talk ourselves into it. And maybe you get the decision made for you. And also the, the Patriots are first pick right now. They already have a quarterback, so you could potentially trade, which sucks. But yeah, it's a bad law. It's a bad win. I mean, it's a bad win. You can't win that game if you're the Giants. I don't know. Like you just can't win that game. There's somewhere there is somebody's dad who's a Giants fan that is like, it's okay. It's all right that we lost that Cam Ward.


He sat out the second half of the bowl game. We don't want it. That's not a giant, that's not New York. You think Eli Manning would ever do that? Yeah. That's not the kind of guy we want. Yeah, That's true. I, I just can't, I just want to keep speaking up for Cols fans. I know Dan Dockett, our friend Dan Dockett is doing it 'cause he, he's been saying the truth about Chris Ballard for a long time. Chris Ballard should just like, it's insane that he doesn't get more heat than, I mean that's stat about every other team winning the A FC South twice in his time and him never winning one. And not only that, but this was the first year in his tenure that they had the same starting quarterback from one year to the next. Anthony Richardson technically was a starting quarterback last year, starting quarterback this year.


That's all he is been doing is just changing quarterbacks. He's gone through a million. And I know Andrew Luck retired and that was bad. But like it's, I feel bad for Colts fans because it feels like this guy's never gonna get fired and, and you just have like soft teams that end up falling apart in the end. Especially defensively at the end of the season. Yeah. For the last like, how long has it been? 15 years with G Gregson, even before this I, the Colts always have a GM that kind of just, he, he just hangs out with Jim Rse and gets his trust and then doesn't get any results until somebody that Erse Trust tells him like, Hey, this guy's just taking your money.


Yeah, it's, it's crazy because you can't, like the Colts had Peyton Manning, so they can't, you know, like if you're a Colts fan, you've had good moments, but, and then you had Andrew Lucke and that obviously, you know, they couldn't protect him and he, he retired early. But I do feel bad for Colts fans because they're the ultimate tease team where they are always a little bit competitive and they actually like weirdly do the right thing of like, when they lose, when they have a bad season, they really do bottom out. You know, they had the, the season to get Andrew Luck. They, they had a four and 12 season and got Anthony Richardson. Like they, they do it. Correct. But they just, they, they're such a tee. They're 8, 9, 9 and eight every single year and they fall apart like this. And it would drive me nuts.


And Chris Ballard, I don't know how you have a job as a national sports podcast fire Chris Ballard. Yeah. Bill, bill Poon made one good decision and that was, he drafted Peyton Manning and said Ryan Leaf and then he didn't have to make another decision about a quarterback for a very long time. Yeah. And then, yeah, every other person that's taken over that like right hand man to Jim Rse has just like, been like, Jim, I got this. Don't worry about the outside. I'm gonna, I'm gonna handle all this. You just go buy another guitar. I'll make everything okay. Yeah, yeah, exactly right. All bucks Panthers bucks. 48 Panthers, 14 bucks are back. That was a big statement. Win just off of a bad game against the Cowboys. I know the Panthers defense, like the Panthers were missing everyone.


They, you know, tuba was out, JC Horn was out, Josie Jewel was out. Like they got absolutely gashed. The big story of this, I had two big stories from this game, actually three Bryce Young's still good quarterback of the future for the Panthers. Number two is Mike Evans now is 85 yards away from getting a thousand yards. So I'm hoping for that 'cause we're Big Mike Evans podcast. And number three, the duck that caused the block punt. That was awesome. Get that duck into the bucks Hall of fame. So I don't know how you can find that duck, but you need to get that duck. Maybe eat it. Maybe eat it before the playoffs. I've seen better ducks. But PFT here's my for people, for people who don't, who, who weren't watching this game, I don't blame you.


There was a duck on the field. They showed the duck. They were like zooming in on the duck. Literally the second after they were zooming in on the duck, they had to go away from the duck because the bucks blocked the punt and got a touchdown out of it. The duck caused that. And, and then the whole crowd started chanting ducky ducky. 'cause they were chanting Bucky earlier. 'cause Bucky Irving had an incredible game. Get that duck. If you wanna win a Super Bowl, don't eat the duck. Actually, now that I'm thinking about it, get the duck. Put it in a, put it in a mascot, you know, bin. I don't even know Cage have it on the sideline. That duck is vibes that could win you a Super Bowl. Okay, listen, I, I got no problem with a duck. I just wish that the duck had been in the shot like the live shot when the pup was blocked.


Yeah. That would've really sealed the deal for I think it's a very good duck. I think as far as duck go, it's, it's an elite duck. But if you're gonna talk like Hall of Fame, let's, you know, turn this into a rally squirrel. I, I would like the duck to have a better sense of camera presence. Yeah. And to know when he's on tv. But I Agree with you. Yeah. It was the magic of television where great job to the guys in the truck. The guys in the truck put the camera on the duck. They were the ones that spotlighted the duck for us. The duck just kind of, he didn't even know he was on TV and he flew away when the lights got bright. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I, I'll I'll take that. I, I agree with you there. Like the duck, it would've been cool if the duck had like run the punt back with the team.


They, they should bring that duck all around Tampa. Like, I wanna see that duck at hockey games. Yeah. I want to give the duck a key to the city if you turn the duck. 'cause if you give the duck a chance to be great on TV and give him another shot. I think the duck does have something special. But I need to see more film of the duck before I can confirm as being like a duck of destiny. Yeah. Baker's gonna end up with, 'cause they have the bucks do have to play next week. Baker's gonna end up with 40 touchdowns, 40 plus touchdowns and 4,500 yards. What a, what a season. So are the Bucks a team that you would not wanna play? I would say if the Bucks are a team, I do not want play. I now, okay, so would you, would you rather play the Rams or the Bucks?


I'd rather play the Rams. I think, yeah, I don't know. The Bucks defense is not great. Although they have been injured. I know an Winfield was out in this game and he's very important, but Todd Bowles can dial it up. PFT He can, he can heat up a quarterback. I he can dial it up. I think that the, the Rams and the Bucks are just complete like polar opposites right now where the Rams defense is very good. And the Buck defense isn't the buck offense is clicking the Rams defense looks old and slow. Yeah. The the Bucks like Bucky Irving is awesome. 190 yards from scrimmage today. Jalen McMillan is a real deal wide receiver number two option.


Mike Evans looks fine. Like, yeah, I I I would probably not wanna play the Bucks just because there's just more variance in like a shootout and stuff, you know, I wouldn't wanna play a pissed off baker. Yeah, yeah. That's, that's, that's facts. He'll Be pissed off for sure. And then, yeah, the Panthers were really injured and I I, I do think Bryce Young, he made an insane awesome throw to Adam. They should, the Panthers need to keep Adam Thelan that they do need to do because they, that's clearly a connection that works for Bryce Young. And like that was a smart signing that is now showing that it was smart. Like you need a guy like that for a young quarterback.


And Adam Thelan still got some gas in the tank. Adam Thelens gotta be so happy that things just like magically turned around. He was in hell Oh, When we talked to him. Yeah. Yeah. I felt like Adam Thilan was like very, very close to having a, a hamstring injury that lingered on for like 10 weeks. Yeah. But it, And I wouldn't blame him the way that things were going. Yeah. But yeah, it's, it's the, the minor car accident with Andy Dalton turned around the entire vibe. Yeah. Which sucks because like, no one's happy that Andy do got into a car accident, but it ended up making entire city happy. Yeah. And the Panthers arrow pointing up, which again, if you had asked us this in October, like there's no chance that you'd be enthused about the Panther season going into next year.


I think legitimately you can be, especially in the NFC South where that's a division where teams can, can feel like they can, you know, win it outta nowhere. So yeah. I just want the bucks in the playoffs. I would like to see the bucks in the playoffs. I wanna see Baker in the playoffs. He's agreed. It's like the, like no offense to Michael Pennix in the Falcons, but like, I want to, I I have personal preferences. I wanna see Baker over the Falcons. I wanna see Joe Burrow over. Imagine if the Dolphins make it, like, if the Broncos lose and the Dolphins get in. No offense to the Dolphins fans, but like, I wanna see the Bengals. I'm sorry, I wanna see the Bengals. I don't wanna see, I see Sam Darland matchup at some point in the playoffs. Yes.


Okay, we're gonna get to the Jets game and Hank is about to join us before we do that.


PFTU had a couple quick ads. We'll get back to the games in a second before we do. They're brought to you by Gametime. Football season is here. We can't wait to get out to some games this fall with the help of Gametime, the official ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. You know how much we love Gametime now with their brand new Gametime picks feature. They're making it easier than ever to get to a game. Gametime picks, filters out all the fluff and it shows you incredible deals on great seats. So you don't have to waste time searching through thousands of tickets. You know how much we love Gametime now with our brand new Gametime picks feature, they're making it easier than ever to get into a game. Like, for example, we got the Rose Bowl, a real old school Rose Bowl matchup, Oregon, Ohio State this week, max, how much does it cost to get in there? Because Gametime also has an exclusive discount on top of that. I'm looking at one of the super deals. It's a great spot in the end zone for $263. It's a super deal though in the end zone. That's gonna be a great game. That's an incredible deal. The the Sunset alone is worth that much. Plus we're gonna give you 10% off tickets in the home, corners away corners and end zones only on Gametime making their great prices even better. Just select one of those zone deals and Gametime will choose your seats within the selected zone. Take the guesswork out of buying tickets with Gametime. Download the Gametime app, create an account and you can use code PMT to get 20 bucks off your first purchase and get 10% off your Rose Bowl tickets. With Gametime terms apply again. Create an account redeem code PMT for 20 bucks off. Download the Gametime app today. What time is it? It's Gametime.


These games are also brought to you by Three Chi. I'm not a drug guy, but I am a three Chi guy. And you know that we only bring you the best. And Three Chi is exactly that. Three cheese's, premium cannabis products are lab tested, legal and straight up fire. And now they've added flour to their lineup. That's right. Potent cannabis flour with the same effects that you'd get from a dispensary available right now@threecheese.com. Whether you're looking to chill after a long day, focus up on a project or just kick it with friends. Three cheese's got what you need and if flour's not your thing, they have vapes, gummies, drinks, and more to get you where you're looking to go. And the best part is it's legal and delivered right to your door. No hassle, no stress, no dealing with dispensary lines, no shady dealers. Just fire weed when you need it. And right now they have a monster, 30% off everything sale going on. Go to three g.com. Stock up for everything you need to keep you going throughout the holidays. That's the number three ch i.com. Three cheese premium cannabis flowers. Now live order directly@threeg.com. Lab tested, pure, potent no guessing games, just top tier quality delivered right to your door. Three cheese for anyone who values quality, consistency, and a killer experience. Step up your cannabis game. Shop three Chi THCA flour for top shelf quality. Delivered straight to your door@threeg.com.


Okay, we're back. I've changed locations. Hank has joined us and the Washington commanders are officially in the Playoffs. Congratulations. PFT. We watched the end of that game. It was crazy. You are in the playoffs. YFS baby. I mean what a, what a great season. This has been unreal. Like yfs were way outside my expectations now as Hank says, let's go win the whole damn thing. Right Hank? Yeah. Yeah. Fuck it. Yeah, but Daniels did throw that interception. I want, I wanna just talk about that, that interception for a little bit. It was a bad pick. Shouldn't have thrown that went right to the linebacker. They confused him. You know, he is a rookie. Sometimes mistakes will happen, but you can't make excuses. A simple zone Blitz. You should know better as a rookie than to make a pass like that.


Oh yeah. Also he had infinity rushing yards and we are now 11. That's a, you know what, this is a huge, this is our 11th win, right? This is a very important moment for me, Big Cat. Okay. Because the insult graphic that people like to put up your memes, et cetera, is in the off season of the last time. Each team has won 11 games and it's every other team since like 2009. And then Washington is in 1991. There you go. So that name is dead. We fucking killed a man today And we did it in 16 games. So you can't even do that excuse to it. I don't, I don't remember ever winning 11 games.


I don't, I remember the Super Bowl in in 1991, but I don't remember winning 11 games. I don't, I don't know what I'm supposed to feel like. Shout out to Zach Ertz who caught I think two balls with his dick, which has gotta be a record. Pennix looked good. I want to give credit to, to Michael Pennix though. Yeah. His, his drive to tie the game was awesome. But then Jaden Daniel's drive in overtime was incredible. And you're in the playoffs. Like that was, that was an incredible drive. That was everything that, you know, this whole year has been, he's been insane. And now you're in the playoffs. Hank lost a bet. Sure. But he now is all in un Super Bowl. It also changed essentially all of next Sunday because the Rams have clinched to NFC West officially.


The Bucks are winning. Get in the, and then like you guys are set. So there was, I don't know, maybe like three or four games that were maybe gonna be more meaningful. We're, Well we're not, you're in the playoffs. We're not Totally set because we just jumped the Packers. So now we're the succeed. Oh. So we would play against the Rams. That's why Big Cat, I need you to, I need you to beat the Packers always need that. We need that. Can try. Can you try for me Big Cat? Just one last I know you, you're I Already saying I'm not worried. I'm not worried about the Rams. They're not that good. You're fine. You could beat the Rams. No, I'm saying in order. So there's a possibility that if the, the Packers, if they beat the Bears next week, then they're 12 and five.


That means that we would have to beat the Cowboys to get the six seed. Yeah. And play Rams. Yes. But you're, you're putting what's more likely to happen, the Washington Commanders beating Cooper Rush and the Cowboys or the Chicago Bears beating the Green Bay Packers. Don't put that on me. You don't need I can't handle that. Don't that. I can't handle that. Don't. I would like you to to chip in. Chip in. I You don't need 'em to I can't handle that. There's nothing I can do. They're not gonna, there's no chipping in. They're not doing anything. They're not even gonna show up to the game. You guys are gonna beat the Cowboys. You're gonna play the Rams. You're gonna beat the Rams and then you're gonna play the Eagles. I don't know what's, what's wrong? Max Max has put his hand up.


I thought I was playing the Commanders in the first round. No, well, not anymore Buddy. Oh no, max. Yeah. Now you're gonna be playing. So wait, who, who would Max play Packers? The Packers right now? Oh no. Oh no. But it all comes down to what happens next weekend. 'cause if the Packers win And we lose, then it's back to Commanders lot. Okay. So the game means Just win. Yeah, but just win Actually you know what, but just lose. 'cause we want Commanders' Eagles, I for the show. I want Eagle. I want we too. Yeah, We want Commander's Eagles for the show. Hank, come on. So maybe you know what, maybe the Bears will, will, I can't even say with a straight face. They're not gonna beat the Packers dude.


Well if the Bears beat the Packers, then we don't get Commander's Eagles for a round. Oh, oh yeah. They would be okay. So yeah, so you don't, we need Commander's Eagles. The show needs Commander's Eagles. The show should be rooting for Commander's Eagles. So that means that the max is worried. Max is worried. Best case scenario for the show and for you specifically would be Commander's Rams first round Commanders win. That's true. Equals Packers' first round. Eagles win. Eagles win. That's true. And you get all the, all the bad Juju outta the way and then we get Commander's Eagles. Yes. Okay. I can live with that. I I can deal with that. Max is by way. That's Not true. That's still not true. Max is, Max is like heartbroken right now.


It would be Commander, it would be Commanders Vi. Oh yeah. It wouldn't even, no it wouldn't be Commanders' Vikings. Those are two wild card teams. Yes, it would. Yeah. Unless the Vikings get the one seat. Unless the Vikings No, who Right now the Vikings have the one seat. That's why I said that. Right. 'cause the lines haven't played yet. Correct? Correct. No, the commanders, the Commanders and Eagles are not gonna play in the Playoffs unless they play in the NFC championship game. Yes. Yeah. Okay. All right then I'll take it back. We need Commander's Eagles. Yeah, we do. All right. So the show, what's that? Tiebreaker will be root breaker for the commanders to lose next weekend. But I'll not be rooting for that. Max is so confused right now. I mean, Max, I I thought you, you wanted the commanders right?


Yeah dude. You know he does want want Commanders. The commanders, the Packers are a million times better than the commanders. Yeah. Keep keep it up. Yeah. I love this Max. Actually, max, that's not true because the commanders are the six seed right now. How could they be a million times better than the Packers when the Packers are the seven seed? Good point. Yeah. What is this playoff? I don't know why in my head I was just, It's so great because Max like literally was ha has spent the last month being like, oh, I'm so stressed out like the Commanders. Like it'd be bad for like my life and everything if they, but now it's setting in that he might have to play the Packers and he is terrified of the Packers.


Terrified. Well is because I'm gonna have you on my side and you don't, I don't, IIII don't like you on my side in the playoffs, But I'm gonna be on, if this sets up, I'm gonna be on both of your sides big time. If the commanders play the Rams, I'm gonna be fucking Burgundy and gold. And then the Eagles play the Packers. We're gonna be doing Kelly Green shit. Yeah. That's bad for both of you. Actually, now that I'm playing this out in my head. You, you Might, you might go over too, that weekend, so they just announced the schedule for next week The Tangle web. We, we, we weave The Browns Ravens fourth the early no afternoon game and then the Bengal Steelers night game on Saturday.


On Saturday. Okay, That's good. So the Bengals and the Steelers are playing before the other teams. That would have an impact on the Bengals season. Got it. I like That. And so I like that. Yeah. Then the other big note is it looks like yeah, bears Packers will be playing at the same time as Commanders Cowboys. Yeah. They always try to link those up. And then they, and then Sunday night football I would assume would be Vikings Lions for the one season Vikings Lion. And that kicks ass. Yeah, that does kick ass. Because that such shit, that's some kick ass such a massive game. Congrats PFT. That's awesome. Mean that was, that was a like insane drive by Jaden Daniels at the end of the game. It was, yeah. His, his legs were great today. He took some bad shots that that first half play where he got bent over like his knee looked like it popped.


And I ran outta the room, screamed Oh fuck. Ran back in and somehow when I came back in the room he was on his feet and like smiling. Smiling. Yeah. What the Fuck Again, he leaves the league and smiles. But it's, that was a true, my life flash before my eyes moment. And if, if Dan Snyder was still the owner of the team, they'd be picking pieces of his PCL outta the Sean Taylor statues face mask. Yeah. Like his knee would break if somehow, somehow every bad thing has become a good thing for this team. The vibes. Yeah. And I just don't, I don't want to touch anything or do anything. But yeah, it's, I mean, meaningful playoff football, this is pretty cool. This is pretty cool.


So hopefully I get Max. So yeah, here's a recap. 12 of the 14 playoff spots are, are set and the AFCs Chiefs bills, Texans, Ravens, Steelers and Chargers and the NFC, lions, Vikings Packers, Eagles Commanders and Rams. The NFC South champion is still to be decided. Bucks and Falcons Bucks win. They're in Bucks Lose and Falcons win. Falcons are in. And then the Broncos, dolphins and Bengals will get the last a FC wild card spot. Which it again, no offense to the Dolphins, it has to be Broncos or Bengals. I can't like that would be such a bummer if the Broncos lost and the Dolphins won and the Dolphins got in.


'cause I feel like that would surprise a lot of people too. The do would have to know It's been all about the Bengals. Yeah. Yeah. And then that would be a shit pumping. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I, I I think the, yeah, I mean if, if the Bengals get in, that's just a super awesome Wild Card weekend of competitive games. 'cause you got like, you have two seven seeds that could beat the, the two seeds in the Bengals versus the Bills and the Packers versus the Eagles. Yeah. He's so, he's so confused. He's looking at the numbers. He's crunching the data. He can't figure it out. Alright, so that's The number on the left is the wins and the number on the right is the losses of each team. And right now it looks like if you look at the standings, the commanders have 11 on the left and then they only have, they got five on the right And Max.


It's pretty simple. So they have the same record, but the commanders are eight and three in the conference and the Packers are six and five. And that's the tiebreaker. Two teams in not in the same division. The Tiebreakers conference. Got it. Yep. Yep. You know what? So like if man, if the, if the Eagles had beaten the commanders, that would've helped a lot too. Huh? Would've helped A lot. Would've helped a lot. Yeah. But man, But the Packers are better than the Commanders. Well actually, technically they're not. Don't no PFD do not concede that point. You're the sixth seed. The Packers are the seventh seed. That's Commanders are better than the Packers. We're seated. We're currently seated higher right now.


It's, but It's not even division winning. Like, it's not like a eight and eight NFC South team is higher. Like we're, you guys are both Wild Card teams and you are, you are better than them. You know what though? I I I want to agree with Max though. I wanna say that the, the Packers are a better team. I want, I want to encourage the hate. I want to encourage the Nobody believes in us. I feel like that's a good thing to have on your side. Gonna the playoffs. It's just got me so juiced up for playoff football. Ugh. I mean, Packers', Eagles, first round. Holy shit. What a game. What hate that. That hates that. It's like, yeah, like it's like actually like the, the Packers looked like shit yesterday.


The one, imagine that Max one of those teams, they started their season with them and then they ended their season with them. Wow. Yeah. Yep. Alright, let's again, you gotta be good teams in the playoffs. You gotta be good teams in the playoffs. But you thought you were gonna get to play the Commanders first. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You got Tanner McKee. Alright, congrats to PFT Commanders In The Playoffs. All right, let's get back to the games. Bill's 40, Jets 14. Where do you wanna start? Memes? Do you wanna start with the Jets coming out? Aaron.


Aaron. Aaron Aaron Rogers Is a bitch. Him, him complaining to Kenny Iboa that he didn't come to the ball when he was wide open for a walk in touchdown. Was was just like the epitome of the jet season. Yeah. I was gonna say though, gangsters paradise, that was quite something. Did You see the alternate angle? No. What was the alternate angle? I wanna see every angle Of it. Josh. Josh Allen just staring at him laughing. That's tough. What about, what about Garrett Wilson's quote, did you see Garrett Wilson's quote? He said, I always feel like we go out there, the vibe feels right, we're ready to play. Then we get our asses kicked.


Yeah, I saw that. That was tough. Do you wanna talk about Sauce Gardner on Instagram telling t Higgins not to come to the New York Jets. And then, and then after the game in his post game interview, he was like, yeah, it's kind of frustrating 'cause some guys seem like they're checked out Man. Yeah, but then he, he did a fact check. He said, we already have T and Garrett so we don't need T Higgins. But meanwhile, if Aaron Rogers isn't on the team, then you don't have Devonte Adams. So you would need someone like t Higgins to be the same. And, And if Aaron Rogers is on the team, you don't have Garrett Wilson Could we, we might not have Garrett Wilson. The report was he could request for a trade Could and he also just went for his third straight year, a thousand yards.


He's awesome. You want to keep Garrett Wilson more than Devonte Adams? Yeah. If, if it's Garrett Wilson or the other two, you let the other two walk and you let Garrett Wilson pick the bridge quarterback or whoever else. Oh shit. So now he's the gm. He's you just fired brick. He's the guy you Just fired. He's the brick's gone. We need to think outside the Xbox Memes. What do you think about, there's a big free agent coach, maybe this off season has experience working with Aaron Rogers and, and making him play it to the best of his abilities. Mike McCarthy. Oh, I take Mike McCarthy in a second.


They won. I mean, he went, what'd he go? 12 and five Up until this year. For the past four seasons. Yeah. Did you take, would you take McCarthy with no. Aaron Rogers? Yes. That's good. That's good. We're making progress now. So We're not my, my entire, my entire day during the game was looking up coaches and trying to figure out which quarterbacks are available. Yeah. But do you know what you just did? You just, you did a very powerful thing, which is you mentally moved on from having the entire purpose for your next head coach be to make Aaron Rogers happy, which is good. Yeah, no, he's gotta get in line. No more ayahuasca. If he's gonna be here, you have to lock in. Okay. Lock in. I've never, I've never, I've never seen someone who's so good at football just not want to play football.


He's like, I'll take a break, I'll do this, I'll go to Tahoe. Just lock in. You only have certain amount of football. Tahoe, Tahoe rocks. Alright. Alright. Tahoe's the outlier. Tahoe Rocks Tahoe's in, but lock in the rest of the other weeks. You only have a certain amount of football games in your career. Just lock in for that certain amount of time and then go fuck off to Egypt after. Okay, that's fair. Is he allowed to lock in in the off season in some random hill in Oregon? How much time? Like one day He's locked in. It was like 24 hours. Yeah, that's fine. But he's just gotta lock in. Okay. All right. So He had the, the worst QBR since like 2001 of any quarterback today.


Yeah, I saw that. Mm. Yeah. And he also also, which I mean, yeah, I feel like those stats are like, they're created to get people talking about things. So obviously he didn't have a good game. He played very poorly. No, he, it's not like, I don't think Aaron Rogers is the worst quarterback in the NFL. Yeah. No. Not top five in Everything. No. Well, today he's top one most sacks in the NFL history. That's true. And he also benched himself. Yeah. He should have been benched a while before that. I I don't think Coach Ulrich's mic is plugged in. They took your advice with Patel Hackett and just unplugged his Memes. You're in the same spot as me. That like, as much as it hurts to say, because I wanted Ebra flus fired.


You wanted sala fired. I think we probably both would've won more games if they didn't fire the coach. Oh, a hundred percent. Not, not like a ton more, but like, maybe two more. Which is crazy to say, but it's probably the truth because it somehow got worse after, like usually you get a little bounce. We got worse after firing the coach. Significantly worse. And the penalties today were so bad. I just want a coach who comes in and just teaches how not to false start or I'm blanking. Illegal Shift. You had six penalties today. There's a lot. Yeah, No, it, it, it was brutal. Brie Hall would get a 20 yard run and then it'd be called back for a hold.


It was just nonstop. It was an annoying Sunday to describe it. Yeah. Why did, why did they do the, the boombox right next to Aaron Rogers going out onto the field. I feel like that should be something that's more of like a defensive thing. Get the boys hyped instead you have it like right next to Aaron Rogers ear Also in that video. Garrett Wilson's nowhere to be found. Yeah. I I also think PFT it's also a a not a four and 11 team thing. Yeah, probably. But but the boys Doesn't, doesn't feel like, Doesn't Feel like four and 11 team. You gotta do whatever you gotta do to get ready mentally ready for a football game. I get it. That's my deal. Well you, You get to listen music if you win.


Yeah, I don't, didn't matter. I mean it was 40 to nothing in this game by the way. Shout out Mitch. One for 1 69 yards touchdown. No big deal. Also pretty Bills locking. Yeah, Bill's lock in the second seat. They don't have to play anyone in week 18 and get a little mini by. Also Josh Allen just tied the record for most rushing touchdowns for the bills 65 Thurman Thomas. So he, he should, I hope he wins MVP I'm personal, my personal choice is him, but I also feel like this MVP discussion is just gonna get so ugly and he's been insane this year, so, and their defense bill's defense look good.


I don't know if that's much as the Jets offense look bad, but the Bill's defense did look better than they've looked the last couple of weeks. Yeah. Do you think that there's a chance that the, the quarterbacks split the quarterback vote for MVP and then the block of guys who are solid Saquon guys? They pull it out Maybe three-way mdp. I-I-P-F-T as well has have Lamar, but I feel like Josh Allen locked it up today. Like I feel like if they won like kind of a ugly like, you know, 14 to three stinker, but he played well, had the stats, like I feel like he pretty much locked it up today. But, but we've, we, we before and Hank was, had flight issues.


We made the case for Joe Burrow earlier in the g in the show. 'cause Joe Burrow is doing stuff that literally every time a quarterback's done it, they've won a MVP. And, and he also PFDU just said the schedule Joe bro does get a standalone game on Saturday night if he goes off against the Steelers and it's like the Bengals did everything they could. I like it would be crazy because you could possibly have an MVP that's not even in the playoffs, which doesn't happen anymore. Yeah. Has that never happened? It It's happened. I who there was a, I gotta look it up now, but it, it's become the MVP kind of sucks now because it's just the quarterback of the one or the two seat.


That's just what it is. But yeah, I mean it would be he having a standalone game week 18 if you're Joe Burrow and you have like an entire broadcast where they're talking about you and if you go off that definitely could help him. Yeah. And I think having more games like he had against the Broncos where everything else around him fails and he's the only one that that like steps up and you know, if he has to win the game three times in a row again, like if, if Zack Taylor accidentally ices his own kicker as he's kicking the field goal goes in, they give him the timeout, the second kick misses. If like more shit like that happens that he has to come back from and and cover up, then that's good for him too.


Yeah. Okay. I'm looking it up right now. 97 Lions went nine and seven and Co MVP was Barry Sanders. I'm trying to see if there's any other ones. So yeah, that's probably, I mean it doesn't happen anymore. That just doesn't happen. It's, you have to, you have to win like 12, 13 games to win MVP. So Joe Bros probably not gonna win it. Josh, I hope wins it. Lamar probably will end up winning it because it's, again, we've talked about this, it's narratives and Lamar played a couple standalone games at the end of the season and that's, that's how it gets decided. Okay. Anything else? Memes?


I mean like did you see the Business decision? What? Did You see Aaron Rogers' business decision on the fumble? No. Yeah, he he, he didn't really die for it. I wouldn't if I were him. Yeah. I don't Blame him. He gone. Yeah, the memes, you're, you, you and I are just the same where it's just like, get get this hell season over with like, wake me up when we hire a new coach and then wake me up again at the draft. Yeah. I, I saw a bunch of Jets fans getting mad at people for saying just I want the season to be over, which I don't get because as soon as the se what Yeah, as soon as the season's over, you get all the new toys. Right. And then you have, and then you have direction. I just didn't understand that.


I think people just angry. Yeah, no, that's, that makes no sense. I've wanted the season to be over for a month now, month and a half since Thanksgiving I've been like, get me out of this season. Yeah, you've probably been longer than that. Yeah. And I'm just mad that our tanka hon, we're now at seven. I don't understand how it works. It's, There's a lot of bad teams. You know what, it's Fucking bullshit. You know what's bullshit about the Tanka hon and how they decide it. If you play a harder schedule, you should get, I guess that doesn't make sense because if you play a worse schedule and you have a bad record, that means you really are worse. All right. I get it. I understand it. Yeah, it makes sense. Strike That from the record. But I got mad about that too.


Memes, we're the same person. Yeah. We should just sit down and have a long talk when we get back. But Should we congratulate Hank though? What did Hank do? Number one? Well, I don't know if they're gonna hold onto it. I, yeah, I have a, a prediction. I think the Cleveland Browns are gonna get the number one pick. Okay. Ra beat the Ravens backups. I think the Raven, I think the, the brown, if they start DTRI do, I do not think you can win a football game with DTR. The bills are gonna play the Patriots, the bills are gonna, like the bills have every, why wouldn't they try to lose that game?


Like they don't want the, the Patriots have the number one pick Little, little MVP that we know as Mitch Trubisky one for one today with a touchdown 69 yards. I understand. But you don't, if you're in a division, you don't want to give them the number one pick and you have the coach trying to keep his job. So he's gonna try to win that game with a rookie quarterback. And then the other one is the Titans playing the Texans. Texans aren't gonna play anyone. Also a rookie coach trying to keep, you know, his job, which I don't think he should get fired, but probably trying to keep his job. I think the Browns could get the one. I think he could. I think he could. I could, he could find a way to sneak in there. I mean, Hank having, having one seed, I think, I don't think that's crazy at all.


Yeah, I mean Hank you don't, you don't necessarily need the one seed because you've got a quarterback. So if if you got the one seed, you would just sell it off. Yeah, but I think, well you take Travis Hunter No, with the No, I think you would trade back. Yeah, Maybe. Yeah. You'd have a bidding for, Depends on, depends on how much, I don't know if this quarterback class would be like, people might not be trying to trade multiple one, you know, number one picks to get to trade up in this. But you could trade back at least a few spots and get more picks. I'm not, again, like I, we learned last year, I don't even know anything about the draft, but I, you know, today I was thinking about it. It's like there's no world where even if we have the one pick, we're not drafting first.


Yeah. I just depends on what other teams are behind you and what other teams like are willing to do. Because like if you're not totally sold on Shado Sanders or Cam Ward, you're not gonna trade a future first round pick to move up. Yeah. But I feel like with the, when, when it comes down to it, like people teams get sold on QBs. Yeah, You're probably right. QBs, but sold off on QBs no matter how good or not good they are, You'd definitely rather end up with the number one pick than not. Because at least you have all the options. Then you can then you can sell it for a shit load of money. You'll probably end up trading it to the, to the Raiders. Like Tom Brady will get on the phone with Robert Kraft and True. Yeah. You'll Be like, Tommy, Tommy, I wanna make a deal.


I'll give you a discount. Tommy. Yeah. Also Shado Sanders tweeted after the Patriots lost before the Giants game. Thank you. God. So maybe he's happy about the Patriots. Mm. Because that means he'll go to the Raiders with Tommy. I mean Nick Wright's tweet was, was ridiculous but also kind of hilarious. Yeah. Very funny. He, Nick Wright tweeted that, would it be so crazy if the Patriots traded Drake may drafted Shado Sanders because they traded Drake May they got another pick. So they trade Drake ma to like the Titans. They get the one and two pick. They draft Shado Sanders, they draft Travis Hunter and then Dion's the new head coach.


That would be crazy. I mean I, I like, I like taking that shot by Nick Wright. Like that was a, that was a fun shot. It makes, no, it would never happen. But it's a fun fucking sh like hypothetical Would be. Yeah. Yeah. And I feel Dion Dion's has made that happen the whole way. Yeah. So why not? Why not? Yeah, we, why not? By the way, I, I think it's more likely that that Dion takes the Raiders job and then they trade with New England. Get the first pick and get Sador. Yeah. Well let's talk about the Raiders. Raiders 25 Saints 10. The Raiders might have a quarterback. Yeah. A OC is pretty good. Scott Turner's work in magic.


The Raiders, they got there at like one in the morning. There was all this flight issue. I I said that it might be a Darren Rizzie cry game. They did an insane trick play in the first half to go up seven to six. And then the Saints were like, oh yeah, I forgot we suck and we suck Dick and we're gonna just suck for the entire second half. 'cause Spencer Rattler played like a pretty good first half. And then it was just like, yeah. They, they just can't do anything. Yeah. There's been a lot of travel issues getting into New Orleans recently and Menz knows about it. It was, it was very surprising actually how good the Raiders looked offensively at times. At times. I say today. Yeah. Brock Bauer's getting the, the rookie record for tight ends beating Mike Dicker.


Which, which has apparently opened a lot of people's eyes to the fact that Mike Dicker was a fucking baller. Everybody. Like he was baller kids. They think Mike Dicker coach smokes cigars inside Mike Dicka farts. Yeah. Mike, Mike Dicker having the craziest part about that. And it actually goes back to our previous discussion where like, Mike Dicker might actually be happy this was broken because everyone would be like, holy shit, Dicker like to have a record. An NFL record stands since 1961 is insane in a 14 game season. He just got it broken. Like that's a crazy record from 1960 one's a long ass time ago. And Dicka had that rookie tight end record that Brock Bowers broke.


Also shout out to Mirab Doah. He's been in the league for like a decade and I just like, I remember watching him at Nebraska being like, I like Amir Abdul is like really good running back. He had his career high rushing today. 10, 10 years in the league. Pretty cool. I I think we can say that a OC has at the very least earned himself like a, a high tier backup spot somewhere. Yeah. Like the Dolphins should, should, should pay a OC like $6 million a year. Yeah. With the understand that you'll probably start six to seven games. 10 to 12 games. Yeah. The Colts, they should sign 'em. Yeah. The Colts should the jet. Yeah. Jet memes. What do you think about a OC on the Jets?


Is the town big enough for two AOCs? Nope. Nope. Okay. Last early game. Jags 20, Titans 13. God bless anyone who went to this game. 'cause I actually, I'll say something nice about this game. I actually enjoyed watching it a little bit because it was a throwback game in the fact that when either quarterback tried to scramble, it was the funniest thing to watch, like ever. And it reminded me of like nineties NFL where like the quarterbacks could not move whatsoever. And Mack Jones and Mason Rudolph, every time they tucked it and ran it was like watching the game in slow motion.


And I got a little, I got a little chuckle outta that. Yeah. It was kind of nice. I I liked this game because it ended so fast. Yeah, that too. I think it was first the early slate and it was, it, it beat the other games with like eight minutes left in the fourth quarter. So good job speeding us through this one. Also, Hank, we, we should, we should ask Hank for his comments on Jimmy Carter because we talked about President Carter a little bit. He passed away. I think this game killed him, but instead of like really doing a recap on it, I'd, I'd like to hear your thoughts on the man, not a great president. Thank you Princessa. Okay. Also two other notes from this game. Brian Thomas is awesome. Yeah. He's only the fourth receiver.


Fourth, fourth rookie receiver ever to go 1100 yards. 10 tds. The other three, Odell, Beckham, Jamar Chase and Randy Moss. So pretty good company that he's gonna be a pretty damn good pro. And the Titans made history in this game. They are the first team in NFL history to not cover the spread in 14 games in a regular season. Wow. They are two and 14 against the spread. That is insane. Good job. They Make, they make that spread like you should be able to cover half the spreads. Who do they play in the last week? They play the Texans. So they should, they could win that game.


This is a game where they might fuck around and win. Yeah, I think they will. That's what is my Brown's theory of the Browns somehow getting the number one pick. Yeah. Also Big Cat. I don't know if you've been able to keep an eye on Max for the last like 15 minutes, but, but he's still trying to figure out these numbers. Torture chamber. He can't figure it out. It's been 15 minutes of him staring at a screen trying to make numbers change. Max, what did you Find out? I I know, I'm, I'm just looking. It is fine. It is fine. It's fine. You got you, you're a Cowboys fan in week 18. It's literally, I think I would rather play any other Wild Card team except for the loser of Vikings, Vikings lines.


So you'd rather play one other Wild Card team. There's only three Wild cards. No, I'm including first Round Wild Card weekend teams in the NFC I'm including. Okay. You can only play the wild card teams 'cause you won the division. So the only choices you have, I get it, get it. Are Packers, Commanders, and Vikings and Lions. And you said you would rather play any other game. I get it. I would, I'm saying I would also rather play either Falcons or Bucks and I would also rather play the Rams. But why do I have to play the Packers? But they're the Falcons and the Bucks aren't Wild Card teams. They won, they won the South. I Get it. The Buck won.


I don't think you get It. I don't think you get it. Would you rather play? You'd rather play. I get that. You'd rather play a division winner, whether that's the Falcons or the Bucks over the Green Bay Packers, who is a wild card. We, I get that. And, but that's how, that's how the seating works. You win your division and you're not a wild card. If you don't win your division divisions, then you become a wild card team. I'd also rather play the Texans. I'd rather play the Steelers. I'd rather play the Chargers. Oh, max, this is so sad. Come on. I'll get you pumped up. No, we're We Can beat the Packers. Yeah, we're we're gonna, we already did beat the Packers. We'll beat 'em. We beat 'em again.


Yeah. Alright, real quick, wrapping up before we talk about Packers, Vikings, dolphins 20, Browns three. I, like I said this on Friday, but if they keep making DTR play NFL games, just keep betting against him. I don't know. It's, it's just, it's just an a Tm M he's not an NFL quarterback. What do you think practice is like? Do you think that, that the team is so bummed out going into Sunday because they've had to practice with him for a week and they just know that we have no shot? Yeah, I think so. It's, it's crazy. He's A great guy. Seems like Guy Seems like a nice guy. Loved watch him at UCLA awesome college quarterback. Not an NFL quarterback. It's mean at this point. It's mean what the Browns are doing to him.


Yeah. Yeah. It is. And then Snoop Huntley was pretty good. He actually was really good. He was okay. He, he hit Tyreek Tyreek still alive. Yeah. This was such a classic like shitty weather, like Cleveland game where the, the Browns defense hung, hung around as long as they could. And then it's just like, yeah, we don't, we don't have any way of winning this game. I think they, they got stopped on a 10 point game. They got stopped on like, like the 10 yard line. It was just so sad. So sad to watch. Yeah. Miles Garrett played. Well, that's about it. That's it. That's it. Okay. Vikings 27 Packers 25.


Hold on. I'm tape, I'm tweeting out right now. We're currently taping PMT and Max just realized the Eagles have to play the Packers and it's broken. His brain broken. Is that fair to say? Max? Max is gone. It's gone. He's he's trying to find a brain repairing. Literally it's broken his brain. It's, this is the most defeatist attitude I've ever seen in someone like you. Max. They have to come to the link. I had to pee. What? Why They, they have to come to the link. No, I I know. I feel good. I I feel good. I I just had to go pee.


I feel good. Here's what I'll say to you. Vikings 27, Packers 25. First of all, the Vikings are awesome. Sam Darn was incredible today. His one mistake that interception next drive went five for five. The end of the game when they need a first down to end the game. And Kevin O'Connell's trusting Sam Donald to throw the ball that says everything about it. Like they, it's not Sam darn like Jet. Sam darn. I know that this is, is old news, but like that was the final piece where it's like, no, no, no. They're trusting him in big time situations to win this game. And even with Cam Aker, who I forgot he was still around, had like two huge last catch he made was insane.


And then he scored that touchdown. The Vikings are really, really good and I'm excited to watch him play The Lions Week 18 for the one seat. The one thing that you have to be scared about if you're a Vikings fan is the thing you've been scared about your whole life. Because the kicker, I've never seen someone not look like they're up for the big moment more than that guy. He's a Barstool intern kicking in an NFL game. Yeah, he is got the, the SEC swoop haircut Looks nervous. He's a little too pale. It's crazy. Did you guys, Hank have you seen this kid? All right, I'm gonna send you a picture. I want your reaction. It's, it, it's like it's torturous for Vikings fans because I really do think their team is good enough to go to the Super Bowl.


And then they have this guy Will Wright who kicked for Alabama and he's like a decent kicker. He missed a couple kicks today, but it's just his face, his face makes me think that he is going to be the guy who makes it Kick for Bama though. That's a good, at least like he's been through it All right, Look at his face. He got his a, he got his ass chewed by Nick Saban a few times. I mean, Hank, that guy's lining up for a big time kick. I Mean, he is a kicker. It's like it's kickers Still. They showed him on the sideline, he was wearing the metal wedding ring, which like, I don't even, like, I don't think you're supposed to do in case you like, oh no, your finger breaks or something. But he is like, I'm never gonna get into any physical contact.


Listen, I I hope that I'm wrong because I did like that would be just so, but like Vikings fans have an insanely good team. Their defense is good. Sam Donald's playing outta his mind. They have the one of the best receivers and that's your kicker. And he missed, he missed one easy one today. This guy looks like a, a perfect mix of Spider and Jack Mack. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. He's like, oh man. But the vi is are really good. And Kevin O'Connell should be Coach of the Year. He should be Coach of the year. Sam Donald. That was a cool moment when he walked into the locker room after the game and his whole team was waiting for him. You forget how many players are in the NFL roster. But he walked in, it sounded like a full auditorium cheering for him and they picked him up on their shoulders.


Yeah. That must must be one of the best feelings ever. Like you win a hard fuck game and then all your boys are like, we love you. What? What's better than that? Not a lot. That's it. Nothing. Not a lot. That's it. Have You guys ever been picked up on someone's shoulders? Mm. Like in a a Rudy type moment? I don't think so. No. Rough And Roddy, you guys, you guys, you guys picked me up after Rough and Roddy. That was Leap. I think it hurt My back Doing that. That was fun. Yeah. We gotta we gotta pick our boys up more. Yeah. We should start doing that more often because Yeah. Hank I remember lifting you up after that. You were very sweaty, but I was mostly just happy that you weren't dead. Yeah. Here, I'll throw this out there. 'cause our, 'cause our boy's down right now, he's going through it mentally.


I think if the Eagles beat the Packers in the first round, we should pick up Max. Carry 'em off. Yep. We should carry 'em out of the gambling key. Yep. Yep. No, we'll do that. Yeah, we're gonna do that. We're gonna do that. Not it's the Commanders. Yeah. It's gotta be against the Packers. If the commanders will be a house divided. No, we're going, we're gonna beat the Packers. We're Gonna beat the Packers. How about, how about if it is Eagle's Commanders winner of that game gets picked up the, you can't put that on me and Big Cat Shoulders. I mean no, We'll need some help. It's Facts. I yeah, I would not, I would not help pick you up. Well no PFT if it's p if Commanders wouldn't.


Yeah. Yeah. Pt I'll pick, I I'll pick up on one hand. Me, throw me over your shoulder like a stack of potatoes. The, alright, so Max here. Here it is. And I alluded to this earlier. I'm no longer worried about the Packers. They're a good team. I think though they're not an elite team. They are Oh and five against the best teams in the NFC. That's the Vikings, the Eagles and the Lions. They make a lot of like, like their offense looks. Josh Jacobs has been great this year. Jordan Love and maybe it was Christian Watson being out, but he did not play well until, you know, like late And he needed to, they needed to score fast.


Like he, it just doesn't, it just doesn't look as smooth as you would like it to look going into the playoffs. Also, the whole, what's going on with Zaire? Alexandra? Do you see him after the game? He had the big hat, which I pretty sure has not been cool for like five years now. And he was like, if I was playing in that game, we would've won that game. That doesn't, that can't really help. Right? Like that's not something you really want to have a guy who hasn't played in like a month to be saying Postgame. Was he wearing the cheese hat or No, he was wearing like a hat. The big, the funny big hat. Right, right. That, Yeah. But I, I don't think, I think the Packers could like maybe win a first round game against like an Eagles, but I don't think they can go to the Super Bowl.


Right. They're a little bit flawed, but they can run the football. They can, they Can run the football. They Start slow though. They did it again where they started slow. They scored three points in the first half and it's like, it's very like, you can't do that in the Playoffs. You can't have a slow start in the Playoffs. And that's happened a lot for them this year where they've started slow and they had to play catch up and it's like that's in a, in a, in an elimination game. Like you just can't do that for three rounds. Yeah. They, they've got their issue. I don't think that they're an elite team, but I think like I, maybe it's because every time they play a good team, they play them very close. They Do. Then I'm like, but they lose one or two things go the other way and they win that game. Right. But the one or two things don't go that way. Yeah.


I did like LeFlore going for it when they were down 11. He went for, he went for it for two to make it nine. Which I like that. That was a good move by him. He is learning. Tom Brady was perplexed by that. He had no idea idea why that was going. He's like, well I'm glad that it worked 'cause if it didn't that'd be bad. Yeah. That's kinda the deal. Like it worked and it actually put them mathematically where they wanted to be. Yeah. It was like, I think more coaches should do that, but they had no fucking idea what was going on the broadcast also. Did you guys listen to Tom Brady say the word sax? Yeah. What was that about? He says it like, sax, you took some bad socks.


I think somebody at some point told him that when you say sax it sounds like you're saying sex. So really announced. Really pronunciate the ah, part of socks. Can someone play it? He had a tough day. I'll say it. He had a tough day. He started the broadcast and he was like, I think it literally started, I think he was saying something about the Packers. He's like, the Packers have lost to Yeah, this team. This team. And then he is like, and what was the other team? It's like, how did you do a stat that you didn't even, you didn't even know the other end. And I think he's gotten better since the beginning of the season, but today was maybe not his best day. Yeah. There was, there was one time where he called out exactly who was gonna blitz even though he wasn't lined up in a blitz formation. And I was like, okay. All right. That was, we're we're, we're doing something now, Tom.


Yeah, he's done a lot better. Yeah. Yeah. Do you have the clip? I want to hear it. Memes. You have it. You are muted. Memes. Yep. I got it. He's held onto the ball quite a bit this season and he's taken a lot of socks. Like almost 46. Socks, socks, Socks. It's like a, it's like a Cali Girl thing. Yeah. Like socks. Six Socks this season alone. So many socks. Why you taking so many socks? Socks. Alright. That's such a good job. Yeah. I'm Max. You're gonna beat the Packers. Don't worry, you're gonna beat the Packers. They can't beat good teams And but they don't have to play the Packers in the playoffs. Yeah.


Yeah. But if they do, if the Eagles do have to, they But the Packers are better than the Commanders. No. So why would the Eagles have to play them? That's true. That's true. And the Vikings, Kevin O'Connell's coach of the year. Sam Donalds. I I saw there was a report that there, I mean there're basically they have to keep him at this point. Yeah. Maybe franchise tag him. He's been awesome. And again, it was like the end of that game when you, when you need a, and I know Aaron Jones was, was hurt, but like still you're like, Sam darn is gonna win us this game. Throwing the ball in situations where most teams would just try to run it up the middle three times and hope they get a first down. Sam Dar passed twice and Yeah, they, he's, it was the, the thing that finally, and it, I've already believed in Sam Dar if you remember we had that clip from three years ago where PFT are like, I'm not done believing in Baker.


And I was like, I'm not done believing in Sam. Darn. So I've always had that in my head where I'm like, Ooh, Sam Donalds. But that, that drive after the interception like that nothing rattles him now. Like yeah, he made a bad throw. Okay. And then he went right down the field and was hitting everyone and he was five for five and scored a touchdown. Yeah. It's like they, they haven't had a whole lot of games where they've gotten Addison, Jefferson and Hawkinson going at the same time. All the sons. Yeah. And today they were all weapons and, and nailer. Yeah. And nailer. How about nailer, huh? Yeah, he was awesome. Their, their offense is a problem. Is Aaron Jones hurt? That was weird when he took himself outta the game. Yeah.


And then Cam Akers Yeah. Was was was good. Okay, So wait, so this is for Sam Donald. He sets a record now. This is the most wins for a quarterback in his f in his first season with a new team. Oh Wow. It's never been done before. 14 wins. And he wasn't supposed to be the sergeant quarterback going into this year. Yeah. Which is, I mean, good for him. I wonder how good Daniel Jones is getting just like absorbing that room and just being in that building. Because right now I feel like Daniel Jones, they Won't talk about that room. Yeah. That room. You know, like Daniel Jones. Yeah. I feel like that's a good, that's a good room to be. You get better just by living with like in the, in the same zip code as Kevin O'Connell.


Yeah. Kevin O'Connell is the QB whisperer. He's coach of the year and he is gonna get paid a lot of money because I think he has like two years left on his contract. You gotta resign him right now. He's one of the best coaches in the NFL and that's, he wins all the close games and the Vikings are a real threat. And I I, with the way the lions have been injured, like the Vikings are, I feel like they might win that game on Sunday and get the one seed, which is crazy. Yeah, they could, they very easily could. So yeah. This is what was the stat that we said the other week? There have been two 14 or four 14 win seasons in the history of the Minnesota Vikings and KOC has two of them. Yeah, yeah.


Yeah. Because the 98 season with when they went 15 and won that was and they lost the NFC championship game to the Falcons. Do you think theirs, what do you think about the extravagant defensive celebrations for the Vikings? Listen, these guys gotta have fun too. Yeah. This most recent one felt like it was like a minute and a half. Yeah. It was quite, it was quite extravagant. It was very well planned Out. The entire defense was involved. Yeah. It's like the movie basketball where the reps get involved with the dance too. Yeah. It just kept going. And it was also, I was watching two separate pre-game shows today on NFL network and ESPN and they both had long features on the Vikings touch or defensive celebrations.


That's when, you know, it's gotten pretty outta hand. It's gotten pretty outta hand at this point, but I guess, I guess they're not gonna stop it. So if they're having fun, good job. Yeah. Okay, let's wrap up before we do who's back of the week


Rollback question R-H-O-B-A-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies. Joggers shorts Rollback dot com promo code. Take


my Rollback question is Hank, did you write a boomer? I did. Can you read it to us in a monotone voice? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, great. That's what we were hoping for. I wrote this, this is a rage boomer too, so I I haven't, I haven't gone back to it. Wait, so What was your, tell us your travel day again so people understand. I I will say this. Listen, I, I was, and, and I traveled from San Diego to Houston to New Orleans along the way. I had two flights get delayed, my bag got sent to Frankfurt, Germany. How does that happen?


Is it your golf clubs? No, no. My not my golf clubs, but it, it's close. That's the thing. The people, the people that I was with on the plane were so much more stressed out. And there was like a, when I, we landed in Houston, the lady, 'cause we stopped And we got, we got stuck on the runway for like an hour. And because they couldn't, there was no open gates. I guess there's construction going on at the airport. It was chaos. And so when we finally get to a taxi, the lady like behind me was like, does anyone have a connecting flight? And everyone, like, she was trying to like, push up every single person was like, yeah, yeah. Like everyone was on edge. There was a lady in front of me in a wheelchair. And so like, I'm, I'm, I'm taking my time and there was people behind me like being like, you know, run.


Like people were on edge, sprinting through the airport, like really upset. Like, I was obviously like not loving it, but also not like, you know, perspective. I was like, it's not that serious, not that big a deal. And then I realized my, my bag got sent to Frankfurt, Germany. I'm pretty sure that the person in front of me was going to Frankfurt, Germany. And like when she scanned her thing, they just like gave me her tag and put that on my bag. I don't really know. That was kind of what I came up with, but it's not, it's not that big a deal. But it was like just a long day. But the, the people, people sprinting through the airport is kind of a funny, like, people watching experience, like just people were flying, people were upset.


The lady tried to push her way up the flight. So I had a long day whatever. And then after all that, I was riding my boomer in the, in the cab ride to my hotel. Okay. So what Was in your bag that's in Germany. Just clothes. That's so it's like I, I I, I actually had my boxers and my toiletries with me. So it's like all I need to do is smart, is go smart. I need to go buy and I have my laptop and stuff. So like, all the expensive stuff I have with me, I, the lady did kind of like make me check my bag. She was like, oh, can you just check it like it's a big bag. Like you have two big bags. I was like, but it's a carry on. She was like, yeah, but it's a full flight. Like, just check it. I was like, where does it go to?


She's like, it goes to your final destination. I'm like, all right, whatever. I wish I had like Pushed back, Shot that down. But yeah. But This just means that you're, you, your punishment is that you have to go out in New Orleans and buy sick outfits. Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna go get some fits off tomorrow. Okay. And yeah, I have having boxers and like toiletries and my laptop and stuff. Like, it's, it's really not, it's not too, too bad. It was just a long, like the lady was like, I'm like, I'm pretty sure like, she's like, well this isn't your tag. I'm like, it is my tag. It's a tag that gave me whatever it was. It was a long bed. Okay, go ahead. Monotone. Yeah.


Justin Herbert Hoover said, damn, that was smooth after a jazzy first quarter touchdown to Darius Miles Davis. Drake Mayflower led a voyage down the field and connected with its emea, Demario Douglas for a touchdown in the second half. Lad McConkey said, I'll be your wish. I'll be your dream. I'll be your fantasy championship winning wide receiver scoring two touchdowns along with 94 yards to make a lot of people very happy. Patriot. Seven, San Diego Superchargers 40. This team could make some noise in the playoffs. Boom. Ooh, I like it.


Hey, that was good. Hey, if you played the Texans, that was very good. Hank what did you think about the game? There was a lot of booze. It feels, we discussed it earlier, but like Gerard Mayo, like he should be fired. That was a, was good. And for, for Gerard Mayo getting outta town. Like that was best case scenario. I was with my brother. We were like, it was like, that was kind of what we wanted. Where it was like we were with my brother and some of our friends who aren't Patriots fans and they're like, do you want them to win? We were like, we want them to get smoked. We want drink made to play well, but we want them to get smoked to the point where it's like, get him out of town. Right, Right. And that's what happened. Yeah. PFT. Yeah. Hank, do you think that Mr. Craft mine a concussion?


What's that? Drake may got another concussion. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think, do you think Mr. Craft was a little bit upset and wanted to call a timeout to hate when all the fans were booing his coach? He was probably upset, but that's probably like a good thing. But yeah. Who is he upset at though? Do you think he was more upset at Mayo or do you think he was more upset as his fans? Because I, I feel Probably the fans, but like he's got a, he's, he's, you know, I feel like rich guys, like they, they they're surrounded by Yes. Men. It's like situations like that they force you to look in the mirror. Craft is in that camp like Jerry Jones where I think embarrassment actually works. That's what I'm saying. Like, they're surrounded by so many Yes.


Men that like, you literally can't look at anyone else but the mirror when it's like, oh fuck. Like this is, yeah, this Is bad. Like George McCaskey embarrassment doesn't work. 'cause if it did, he would've quit. He would've like sold the team a decade ago. But like Kraft definitely is like, this is bullshit. And yeah, I mean he, that that was a perfect game for you. Minus the concussion. Minus the concussion. Which he came back Two. Yeah, he did come back, but two concussions in a year. Not ideal. Yeah. That deep that he threw to what's his name, pop Demario. Yeah. Yeah. That was, that was an awesome pass. And for recognizing like, hey, free play. Free play.


Yeah. Sad. Yeah. So there, there's been, there's been enough of Drake may where you're, you're excited now, right? Like this is your guy. Yeah. We just gotta do it one more time and then, then we, then we control, we have ev we have everything You gotta lose one more time. Yeah. Which I think you're gonna win that game. Yeah. I, I think, I just think the bills are going to like wouldn't, if you're, if you're the Bills, you, you should not start anyone Right. Of any significance. I Don't, I don't think like, and I could be wrong. I don't think that the next season interdivisional like that's a fa I feel like that's a fan thing to think like, I don't, like do you think Sean McDermott's that five head of a coach to be like, no, we don't want our no interdivisional opponent to like get the first pick 'cause that's gonna screw us in the future.


Like they have to. They even if they think it, they have to game plan to win. He, Here's, here's where it comes to play. I agree with you. I don't think they go into the game being like, we're gonna, because you can't really tank in the NFL. You can't tell guys like, we're gonna try to lose. Right. If it is close at all in like the fourth quarter, I think that's when it's like they'll just run the ball up the middle and be like, it's fine. You know what I mean? Like play as conservative as possible and not tank or try to lose, but do everything that like lets the Patriots win the game. Yeah. 'cause the Giants that game was, you're watching and you're like, all right, like if they are tanking, they're gonna find, but they just kept winning the game. The game.


No, You can't do it. You can't, the only time you can do it is like the second half of week 18. That's really it because guys are playing for their jobs. And so, and you also can do it in a situation where it's like, you can actively sit all your starters, like the bills, the bills aren't tanking, they're playing, you know what I mean? They're playing for something going forward. So it's like they can sit all their starters and be like, we're doing this for safety's sake. Right. And, and lose that way. But I, I think the issue is that Sean McDermott is a very good coach. Yeah, of course. And so The backups are gonna be playing hard, obviously, because this is their chance to prove something on tape. And also they will have been coached up by a very good coach who's coaching them to win the game. He's not gonna like coach him to lose the game.


He's going to try to win the game with his second string players. And Jared Mayo is not as good of a coach, but He's, he's be really trying to win the game. He's Really trying. Yeah. But McDermott is, I think, a good enough coach where he could beat the Patriots with very, very hungry second stringers. Actually, this is what you should be hoping for Hank, because it, Gerard Mayo has proven that he's such a bad coach that if he's trying extra hard to win the game, that's probably bad. I feel like everyone knows that he's just not right. But if he, but like, it's like you're, if you're trying that hard and you're bad at your job, it's only gonna amplify the bad.


Like, you don't want someone who's bad at their job trying like extra, extra hard payments. You want them to just, just be, Yeah. I would hope that the, like, that decision's been made already. I think, I think it was like, there's been three coaches that have the number one pick that have actually like, used it all time. What, what was it? The coach, The coach that was the coach the year they, you know, ended up with the number one pick that was still the coach the next year. I don't know that sta stat, I mean, IFU did look up the stat.


Look up that Stat. I mean, you might be right, but that seems like it's not enough. Yeah, that doesn't, well, I guess well think about it. All right. So Only three teams drafting number one did it with the same head coach as the previous year. The 77 team eight bucks Stat 90. No, but it, this is weird. The, I guess this is from a, a Twitter account that Oh, maybe it's because the Bears technically had the Panthers pick. Oh, that's probably why. That's exactly why, Yeah. The 77 Tampa Bay Bucks, the 1992 Indianapolis Coles and the 2017 Cleveland Browns. Yeah. That's why. Which is also not potentially a reliable source, but it is the one that I saw.


Okay, that works. Yeah, it ma it makes sense. If you have the number one pick, your coach probably is getting Fired. Six seven. I don't know that that's like a that's official. But, but, but the ever flues thing is that, that makes sense. It wasn't their pick, it was the Panthers pick. Yeah. So he, you know, Where were the three teams? San 1977 Tampa Bay Bucks. The 1992 Indianapolis Colts and the 2017 Cleveland Browns. Did the Cowboys not draft first after they went Again? This is Uncle Buck 2006. One seven. So asterisk. Asterisk, Okay. Asterisk. Should we do who's back of the week? Yeah, let's Do it. Let's do who's back of the week.


It's brought to you by ourselves. Pardon? My cheese steak football is in full gear and ordering Pardon my cheese steak for your game day meal or late night Eats is the best play call you can make. Pardon? My cheese steak brings you awesome cheese steaks and loaded fries delivered right to your doorstep and will be offering free delivery throughout the entire football season. Take your pick of our delicious cheese steaks made with fresh thinly sliced steak, melted provolone, mouthwatering cheese sauce, and caramel caramelized onions. On a toasted hoey roll, you can order the popular Big Cat combo. Get your cheese steak of choice, fries and a drink. Find a pardon my cheese steak near you and order yours now. Pardon? My cheesesteak.com. Use code AW l for free delivery.


Hank, who's back of the week. I mean, I'll I'll just say it. It's 1140. I ordered like a hundred dollars a room service when I got in this hotel room two hours ago and it's not here yet. I'm, I'm starting to get concerned and I'm, so that's bargaining, That's the who's back of the week? Nope. My other who's back of the week was Club HI just needed to get that out there because I'm, I'm dying inside. My other who's back of the week was club hockey. Okay. Oh, 'cause of what team was it? UNLV. Yeah, A-C-H-A-M one, which is club hockey, which is like every college has their actual hockey team and then club hockey team, which is just kids that play in high school that like, you know, get drunk and play club hockey, which is fun.


They beat NCAA D one, defending national champions. University of Denver Seven six In a shootout. In a shootout. Which is like, that is, that is the dream. That is like, that is why you play sports. That's what it's all about. Like a club hockey team beating the reigning D one national champions is like, that's, that's everything. Yeah. That is Cool. To be fair, I think club hockey's a little bit different than other club sports. Oh, I think that, I think that there's like D one club is like higher. I, I don't know exactly what it is, but I remember talking to a hockey person who played club hockey and Yeah.


Yeah. Probably a club hockey person that's like, yeah, no club hockey is legit. No Club baseball is not legit. I, my roommate played club baseball. Baseball Wisconsin club. I played club baseball. Yeah. And he would, I would like, he'd have a game and he would like wake up at noon and be like, don't you have a game? He'd be like, yeah, I'm skipping today. Like, Oh. I mean, I have, I have a lot of friends that play club hockey at UMass. They would say it's legit. I would, it is legit, but like it's still, it's A crazy upset. It's Club hockey. It's probably like club rugby because a lot of schools don't have varsity rugby teams. Actually, like, almost all of 'em don't have varsity rugby teams, but the club level is like the highest that you can get besides like four schools.


So they're good players. And it's probably the same for hockey. Like, you don't have a varsity program and you're in a good area. You can still probably get good players, but it's not like, But UNV not really a, a hockey hotbed I would imagine. I mean, I'm a club. I, I love club hockey, like shout out to Clocky, but I like, I don't, I don't, I'm not gonna like, it's not, It's crazy outside A club hockey team, beating the D one national champions is an insane story. I don't, I there's no world where it's not. Yeah. Yeah. It's the only time boys are buzzing. Yeah. Boys are buzzing for like two years off that win. Yeah. Yeah. Wife For sure. For life. Absolutely. Yeah. Alright. PFT your who's back.


We're just talking hockey today because my who's back is Alex Ovechkin. He came back from his broken leg, scored two goals in two games. First was a sick empty neter. The second one was more of a real goal, but now he's 25 away from Breaking Gretzky's record. So my original projection of January 23rd in Edmonton, that's been revised. And I think I'm gonna, I'm gonna release my official my game. I'll do it on Wednesday as part of my take, I'll pick out a game on the schedule where he is gonna break the record, but I he could do it this year. Yeah. Friday's part of my take. We don't have a show on Wednesday. Good point. Friday's part of my take. Happy New Year. Yeah. Happy new Year. Alright. My who's back is bowl season.


Let's talk about some college football quarterfinals also shout out the Poptarts Bowl. That was awesome. Everything they put into that, like the strawberry poptart coming back from the dead. I, I saw Eddie and Clem were down there. Our guys, it looked like the coolest time. Also, anyone who was upset about Cam Ward is a loser and they're just basically looking for something to be angry about. Malik Neighbors did the same thing last year. No one was upset about it. He played in and until he got a record and then he sat out. I guarantee you that the entire Miami team knew that Cam Ward was going to play until he got the record and then sit. And I know that because I bet Iowa State because everyone was talking about how Cam Ward was not gonna play the whole game.


So like, it was not a surprise that he sat out. And I get it. People were like, oh, well you are watching your guys battle out there. He's also got millions of dollars on the line if he gets hurt. Like, I, I I don't understand it. Like, are people just coming around to the fact that bowl games are like, they don't really mean anything and, and it's entertainment and it's like, it's, it's kind of stupid but it's also fun. Like I, I don't understand that. I don't understand why people were mad at Kim Ward. They had a, a fucking edible mascot on the field. Right. And were mad at the guy for sitting out the second, not the whole game. The second half. The Second half of, of that game. Which was fun.


And if, especially if you bet the over, because I feel like there were 42 points scored Yeah. In the first like six minutes of the game. Yes. So we're mad at a guy for putting literally tens of millions of dollars on the line to not play in the second half. That's exactly Right. I saw, I saw one guy say they should find him that the University of Miami should find Cam Ward. There's no way, there's no way that everyone on that team didn't know the plan. Like, it just wasn't, it could not have been a surprise because again, I somehow like, like heard through the grapevine that was probably gonna happen. Like how is that It, there's just no way. And not only that, if you were a person who complained about the college football playoff being blowouts and in the same token said, cam Ward sitting out is bullshit.


I, you make no sense to me because this is what the college football, like the, if you, if you're like, oh, 12 teams is too many, at least it's more games where guys aren't gonna sit out. And I have no problem with Cam Ward sitting out because guess what? That's like, these games ultimately don't mean anything. When a guy's projected to go top 10 in the NFL draft, like he's gotta take care of himself. Every single person in that situation would do the same thing. But the college football playoff at least makes it so more of these games that this doesn't happen. So you should, you can't beat you can't argue both those sides. In my mind, That's when it's gonna get weird is if somebody does that in a playoff game. Well Boa yeah, he's transfer portal transfer, but Transfer a little bit different. But if somebody is like, projected to go high in the draft and doesn't wanna risk injury in playoff games and then they sit out, then I feel like that side would have like a little, a little more to complain about because you're playing for a national championship and the rest of your team would probably like you to play in a meaningful game.


But yeah. In the Pop-Tarts bowl, who gives a fuck? Right. Sit out. Who gives a fuck if, if that Shanti played it all? I know. Well he wanted the record, which is cool. And also if you're a Miami player, like you get to say that you were on the team that had a record. That's pretty cool. If you're an offensive lineman, you're like, yeah, I blocked for the record breaking quarterback. That's pretty awesome. Yeah. I don't, I think that means more probably in like 20 years than it does like we didn't win the Pop-Tarts bowl. Yeah. A little Pop-Tarts bowl is awesome. Alright, so any any picks or thoughts? Because Well, I was gonna say one other thing from, from the bull weekend, the confetti stuck to Matt Rule's face. I think it's still there.


Yep. I don't know how they got that many pieces. That was a bad boy Moer game, right? No, that was the Pinstripe Bowl. Pinstripe bowl and pinstripe his, yeah, his his daughter looked so embarrassed to be next to him when he had like nine. Just like, take him off your face dad. But that was fun. Good for, for Ola. Good for Will Compton. Yeah. Nebraska's back. Go Big red. Alright, so Max, are you, he's still thinking about the Packers. Are you at all worried about Boise State? Yes. Yes. Oh God. Because it's Boise.


Yes, because it's Boise State and the Fiesta Bowl. That's, that's, that is why, that is why I'm ner nervous about Boise State because The history. That makes sense. Correct. I lost so much on that game when I was, I don't know, I was probably like 19 years old. It was like Oklahoma versus Boise State. I think Penn State's easy, easy draw is adding to the confusion for max of how come the Eagles don't get the same easy draw. Yeah, That's fair. That's fair. I think, I think you'll be okay. I do think Ash and Jenny will do well. I'm rooting for him to do well. I I, the game I'm actually most exci well the Rose Bowl's gonna be awesome. I think I'm gonna take Ohio State in that game.


And it's mostly based on the uniforms that Oregon picked. I didn't really like 'em, I thought they should have done more classic. Oh, I love Them. You love them? I love them. Ah, I don't know the Rose Bowl. I need classic uniforms. Especially Ohio State. Oregon. No, with, with Oregon it's like the crazier, the uniforms are, they're almost more Oregon. Yeah, I could see that. I'm gonna probably take Ohio State in that game. I'm probably going to take Notre Dame in the Georgia game. And then I'm very excited for Arizona State, Texas because I dunno if you guys saw Sam Levitt, like basically doing the thing you're not supposed to do with bulletin board material and being like, I'm gonna prove that I'm the best quarterback in this game.


Something about Arizona State. And I, I feel like, I feel like they're gonna run Shark Wheel to start the game. I don't know. I feel like it could happen. Are we counting just a normal wheel route as being shark wheel? Any wheel route? I'll just say it's shark wheel. Okay. Yeah. That's all. Yeah. It's, it's all it takes. But are you guys, like what games, by the way? We're streaming the, the January 1st game. So we'll be in the gambling cave for those. I I'm leaning towards Michigan, or sorry, not Michigan, Georgia. I don't know why. Michigan, Georgia, I'm leaning towards Georgia. Yeah. Against Notre Dame. I don't know. I I, I feel like the athletes that they have, especially on defense, like when they play well, they're really, It's so schizophrenic.


You just don't know if you're gonna get good Georgia or bad Georgia. Yeah. Notre Dame's defense is good. And I, they did lose, I think they lost one of their good defensive linemen, which definitely hurts. I, I don't know. These games are gonna rock. Like everyone who complained about the first round, I think we're gonna get some great games. I I really do. I'm Take the over the, over in Texas, Arizona state too. Yeah. Just root for points and chaos. Yeah. The early game on January 1st. I'm just, and the fact that Rose Bowl, like a classic Rose Bowl. I know they're two Big 10 teams, but that's gonna be awesome. I'm so excited for that. Anything else? Oh, Georgia memes. You gonna win this game? Yeah.


Okay. There it is. You heard it here? I was playing up. No, I I think it's gonna be a good game. Notre Dame losing their defensive end is huge. Massive. Massive, massive. He's probably the best player. Yeah. I'm a little worried about Mike Bobo. I saw his, his press conference. I wasn't fired up about that. Why? What did he say? He Gave a pop up speech to Gunner Stockton that he, that said, I told him to just be him and I'll be me and you just be you and Kirby. Be Kirby. We gotta be yourself. When, when your P speech, just saying your names. Yeah. Oh, No. Slightly worried about my pbo, but I I think they'll get it done. Okay. Anything else we got? We, like I said, we have no show.


Wednesday. We'll be back in person though on Thursday. We'll recap all of the games. We'll have a show on Friday. We'll be back in studio previewing Week 18. Congrats again. PFT on making the playoffs. Thank you. Max Yos baby. Playing the Packers is gonna be tough. We, we can do this. Max. I also, I've, through my research, I will be a hard commander's hater. Yeah, you gotta be a Cowboys fan. Yeah, you gotta be a Cowboys fan. Yeah, I get it. No, no, no, no, no. I'm saying the Research. I'm No, no, I'm saying in the Rams commanders game. Why?


Because then you, if the Rams win that game, the Eagles would avoid. If the Eagles beat the Packers and the, and the Rams beat the commanders, then the Eagles avoid the Vikings or Lions. Mm. Got it. Mm Yep. Yep. So They now kind of back in on that, on that scenario. Yeah. Because then the commanders would be the lowest seed still available. Correct. So the Viking Yes. No, you're no, I'm not A right. No, he's right. So if the Rams beat the commanders then and the Eagles win the seven seed, the packers get eliminated.


Correct. The commanders are now the lowest seed. So they would have to play against the Number One seed. One seed, yeah. Yes. And the, and the, and the, but you could play the bucks too Max. No, but I'm saying if the ram, you Gotta beat good teams in the playoffs. That's Yeah. Max, you gotta beat good teams in the playoffs. That's something you're starting to realize. It's crazy how fast you turned. No, You Gotta beat everyone. You, you should be expecting to beat like, you're gonna, you're gonna play the one seed. Like you're realistically gonna play the one seat at some point. So you're gonna have to beat them. Yeah. Listen, you know what I say anyone, anytime, anywhere. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Pt, you're ready for the playoffs, max? I'm locked in. Yeah. Got Team.


That's a team that has no aspirations to do anything. Oh, max. Except for beat. The best teams. Max. You, max. You wanna be handed a Super Bowl Max. You, you wanna play against the Denver Broncos in the Super Bowl? Max. You want to beat I You love that You have to root for the Cowboys on, on Sunday. You realize that you're a Cowboys fan on Sunday? Yeah. I don't know. We'll say no. We'll play who's in front of us. Gimme the Packers. I'm worried about my Packers. His brain is fucked right now. The one thing that really does suck about this is if the Packers beat the Eagles, I'm just completely taking all the joy that I would have of a max loss is just completely gone.


Like, I'll be just as miserable as Max. I'll be happy. We can do this together. Max. We're gonna do this together. I'm gonna put a bomb on the Eagles. The, let's go To the numbers. Bob, Bob Sala. Since last time they played. That's true. And Jalen and Jalen Hertz had his worst game against him last year. Ooh, Wow. Advanced. But I'm, but I'm on your side if you play the Packers, 'cause he's on there, so Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Let's kick it to ourselves. Let's do numbers and we'll see everyone on Friday. Okay. Last numbers of the year, numbers 3 11, 25, 17, 15, 70.


I don't like what you did. Wait, Jack, what was your number? 54. 54. Love you guys The entire year.