
Hey Pardon, my Take listeners. You can find every episode on Apple podcasts. Spotify or YouTube. Prime. Members can listen ad free on Amazon Music. On today's Pardon My Take, we have a finale of Pardon My Take at camp. And we've got two great interviews for the people. We have our good friend, Will Compton sober this time to talk a little football, get us excited for college football. Some funny stories from his NFL days. And then we have comedian Sam Morell, our friend, who was on a year ago, pretty much a year ago. Today back in studio, we're gonna do the Mount Rushmore of Orange Things.


It's getting tight. We have four Mount Rushmores left. We're gonna maybe do a, we're gonna start the show, maybe reading some headlines 'cause there's not a lot going on. And we've also been at camp. And then we are going to do Fire Fest the week, which you will not want miss.


It's all brought to you by our friends at DraftKings. I'm gonna put a must listen on lesson. Must. Yeah, must listen. DraftKings been hungry for some college football. Well, we finally get a taste this weekend. Don't miss any of the action. Jump in at DraftKings Sportsbook. It's a small but mighty slate of games for week zero, including a big matchup in Ireland, Florida State, and Georgia Tech. Kicking off the college football season, it's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to the drafting sportswear cap. Select your team. Place your first bet. This is gonna be drafting's biggest college football season to date. Enjoy the ride now all the way through the expanded playoffs. And for all the newbies out there getting into the college spirit, here's something extra special. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets instantly. We're also gonna do our National Champion Heisman and Conference Champion one. Pick each when we do the show today. So score big with DraftKings all college football season. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app now. Use code take, that's code take for new customers. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas 21 and over. Plus, agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction, void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dkg.co/ft ball.


Okay, let's go. PardonMyTake. My tape is ended by Barstool Sports.


Welcome to part of my take presented by DraftKings. Score big with DraftKings all college football season. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now. Use code. Take, that's code take for new customers. Get 200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Today is fryer, August 23rd. And boys, I am the sorest man alive. Yeah. Football is back too. Football is back. But yeah, very, very sore this morning. Every part of my body. Really. We were in the water yesterday and when you swim, you use muscles that you don't know that you have. And yeah, I, my, my back is sore. Arms are sore, shoulders are sore. My so is sore. I, I wanted to Do I was talking to our, our good friend Rudy, who works with us, and I was like, I'm so sore.


And he's like, I'm sore than you. And I thought in my head, we should, next year when we come to camp the last day, we should do a soar relay race that is just simply like picking things up off the ground, sitting in a chair, getting out of the chair. Like reaching in the back seat for something. I think That the getting outta the chair, it shouldn't be like timed. It should be judged on merit. Yeah. So like the noise that you make when you get up. Yeah, it's the belly flop. How many parts of your body crack? Right? It's the belly. You have three judges watch you get out of a chair and how, like, you know, like the sounds, the, the angles maybe, you know, touch your toes. The sore, the sore relay race would play And absolutely no stretching beforehand.


No. So it's just pure, a hundred percent your body at that time. I, my body now, when I stand up, it, it makes cracks in places that aren't joints. Yeah. I don't know what's going on. I think I have a, I think I've had like a sprained or a broken thumb for about three weeks now. Yeah, it's gone. But it's one of those things where I don't know what it, when it happened, so I can't see a doctor because they'll be like, what? Why is your thumb hurt? And I think my best guess would be playing video games. Yeah, Yeah. No, that's, I don't, that's an injury. I think that's the only time I probably would've injured it. Yeah. Can you get carpal tunnel in places that aren't your wrist? I think my body has just gross carpal tunnel. Yeah. So I think as a podcast though, we could beat pretty much any other podcast in a swimming relay.


Are you sure about that? If as long as What we showed some impressive skills, would it Back, would it matter? Would it matter though? My freestyle about going straight? That would probably matter. Yeah. Like maybe, maybe if we had an app where it's distance covered. So. if you veer off kind of like you did Hank Like three times in a row. Yeah. Pat, no, you looked like Pat Mahome Sr. Trying to drive. Yeah. You you were, you were a blind person in the, in the, in the water. Well, Yeah. I couldn't see. Yeah. but it was, was, it was quite something. But yeah, we, we we're, we're we're a water. We're a water podcast. Maybe we should get more into the Olympics next four years from now. Water dogs. Yeah. We are the water dogs who have been eliminated. They were the first team already.


They got eliminated like three weeks ago. Dude, We gotta figure out what's going on there. We won a game after we got eliminated and our social team was like, look at this, we good to finally get a win. It's like, yeah, that could have used that a month ago. It was, it was an embarrassment of a season. As owners, we don't tolerate that. We don't like losing, if me and Big Cat cared enough to be at the games, we would be like Arthur Blank and we'd be down on the sidelines staying behind the coaches glaring at him. Yes.


So should we do some reads, read some headlines because we have been at summer camp, by the way. Thank Thank you to Mountain Dew, our wonderful sponsor, mountain Dews the best. We got off our ass this week with Mountain Dew. The code red, the Baja blast, the original. I've been drinking the original nonstop. Such a delicious drink. So Mountain Dew has, this is one of those things where If, you like seeing us do fun things and we can create fun content that's a little different. Please support our sponsors and our sponsors. Mountain Dew and Mountain Dews the best. We've got a great, great video that's gonna come up. I don't know when it's gonna be out. We haven't even taped it yet, but Huey is gonna learn how to swim. Yes. Huey famously when we asked him if he could swim before surfing in the Pacific Ocean said, I kind of can swim. Think he said, I think I can swim. He said, I think I can swim. I, I haven't swim in in seven or eight years, but I think I can swim. Yeah. Yeah. We know Huey's not a witch 'cause he's he's gonna sink.


Yes. Okay. Quick read a headline. So we have, we do have football tonight or Thursday night, but no one's playing. Are any of your guys starters playing? It's disrespectful to Linden Wood. Okay. Are you talking about college? No, I'm talking about NFL because We do have college football. Okay. Actually, college football tonight. Missouri, NC State, Kansas, Utah playing tonight. You're just off by an entire week. Am I? Yes. God damnit Couldn't even be further off by a entire That's close though. God damn. You're Close. Week zero is Saturday. Yeah, I know. Week zero Saturday. I thought we might get an appetizer on Thursday. No, that's week one. Fuck.


All right. No, no. Stars are playing tonight. No starters playing tonight. There's actually like an interesting thing though about the, the Bears Chiefs game. You know, no stars are playing I think on either side, right? But the way that it's set up right now with TV rights in Kansas City, you can't watch the game. You can't stream it. You can't watch it. If. you have cable. You can't watch it on like the local channel. The only way you can watch the game in Kansas City is If. you have a TV with the bunny ear antennas. Oh, I Thought you were gonna say the only way you can watch the game is If. you have a family member playing on the second or third team of the Chiefs. Yeah. That's another way that you can do it. Yeah. Yeah. That's, you can definitely do it that way. But yeah, I just wonder if there's anybody in Kansas City that's like we were for hard knocks.


That's gonna be like, I've kept my bunny ears this whole time just for a moment like this. Fuck you guys. I get to watch week three of the preseason. Yeah. Week three of the preseason. What a, I mean it used to mean something. Yeah. It used to be starters all the way through the third quarter. Yeah. It was a dress rehearsal Back in our day. Okay, so there's no college football tonight. No college football. That was A test. That was a test, yeah. For everyone out there. Hope, hope no one failed. That also it would've been a funny test because this would've, or the tonight after those games had aired. If, you were correct? Yeah. May You Missed out. So you were double off. Okay. You guys wanna read the headlines real quick?


Yeah. Okay. Sources forens suspended for QB recruiting. So Kirk for is out for the week one game against Illinois State. I, this is just a funny story to me because the fact that like, he got in trouble for recruiting and it's Iowa. Yeah. Is very funny. That Is very funny to me. He, he got su he got suspended for doing such a bad job of cheating. Yeah. I hope it was recruiting for a punter. Yeah. I hope he went like a a, you know, all expense paid trip to, he did like a vacation in Australia on the state of Iowa's dime. He stayed over at At a punter's house. Yeah. Like Harbaugh, right. So if he was suspended for QB recruiting.


So I guess he was trying to, was there one specific guy he was going after? I don't know. I can, I can look up the story real quick. We can go even deeper than a headline. You ready for this? Here we go. Iowa Coach Kirk Ferentz and Assistant John Buter. Buder. We'll be suspended. One game for violation related to the recruitment of transfer quarterback Cade McNamara. Mm Mm He was on Michigan and then he obviously got hurt last year. He's gonna be the starter this year. So he must have, he must have been tampering. Maybe he must have been tampering during that season. Okay, that's a good story. New N-W-S-L-C-B-A drops draft increases salaries.


So they're gonna try out the Mike Florio rule. Love that. Which is what happens if there's no draft and it's just the free market. I think that's a good idea. Pure capitalism. Yeah. Just, yeah. Let's do it. I'm in for this. What Are the richest teams? Who are the richest owners that are gonna benefit from this? Probably Los Angeles Doesn't LeBron Serena, aren't they involved there? Yep. I would, I would say like maybe the spirit, the Gotham Red Stars, the rain, the Royals, all of them. The racing LL Louisville fcs. I'm just naming these off the top of my head. Yeah, I I think the best way to treat this is just to say LeBron has ruined women's soccer.


Yep. That's, that sounds like a good path forward. Okay. Yanks back judge after criticism from l Little League World series coach. So the, there was, there was a story. This is where we're at in the sports calendar, right before football is the deadest time. I actually think as much as we think July might be the Deadest time. Yeah. You usually have like some, some soccer tournaments going on. We have baseball Olympics. Yeah. Allstar game. This might be the deadest week of the year. Right. Before we get to like the busy time. This is the fourth headline on ESPN right now. This Week is so dead that I mentally fast forward an entire week. Yeah, Yeah, you did. Yeah. Next week just erase it. So there was a, there was a controversy that I guess Aaron Judge Big Leagued, the South Shore Little league coach, Bob Terza, I think this is the Staten Island team.


And then everyone was like, no, he didn't big league them. So yeah, he said Terza said, how about turning around or waving to New York? And the kids that think you're a hero, they're the ones who pay your salary. Fact the kids pay your salary. I love it. Also, also, wait, literally he is big league them. They're the little leagues. Yes. And Aaron, Aaron judge plays in the major leagues. Yes. And then the Yankees had to release a statement, said Aaron Judge always acts with kindness and respect. The coach could learn a lot from him. I love that. Yeah. I, this is a great battle. Anytime you can work, you could learn a lot from somebody into a sentence. It's, it's always you win that argument. Yeah. Yeah. Aaron Boone said not even gonna dignify litter's comments with a response.


Aaron judges as good as it gets. That's literally you responded. But on the other hand, I would like, I would like Aaron Boone to show some of this fire that the little league coach shows. Yeah. Like the little league coach. He, he goes on the attack against people. It feels like Aaron Boone's always playing defense for his guys. Yeah. He said, judge said, I got no response for that. I'm not gonna give him a response. 'cause it's about the kids. Again, this is a response. This is what it's all about. We got a chance to spend a lot of time with quite a few kids in Williamsport, make some great memories. Had a great time at the game, you know, besides the loss. So I kind of want that to be the focus. Whew. This is, I hope this keeps going on. Laurs got a fire back. Yeah. I mean right now it sounds like Aaron Boone big leaked him. Yeah.


Laa, terza. You need, you're, you're, you're kind of on the, you're on the defense now. Let's see. Ronaldo creates YouTube channel breaks record. This is kind of crazy What happened. He joined YouTube and got 8 million Subscribers in like One second. I think he's up to 12 now. Did He do, did he do, like, did he do a giveaway or anything? Did he do like did he run suit guy? Did he, do he do a shit guy? Did he do the shock collar? He did a muck bang. Did he do the shock collar or the lemon in his eye? Muck bang. That would, that would do numbers. What you Gonna say Max? Nevermind. I think. Okay. We'll get, we'll get to it in Russia. Yeah, we'll get to it. We'll get to it. I think. I think messy could dominate these numbers. Oh absolute. If. you came out with a YouTube channel. Yes. Easily.


By the way, I had this thought about messy, I don't know if I talked about it on the podcast. What's stopping the United States from just giving messy a US passport for the next World Cup? 21.3. The fact that mess he wouldn't play for us. Are you sure? I'm pretty Sure. Yeah. Pacino Argentinian guy too. Pretty sure Now our head coach, I also don't know if he'll play in the next World Cup. He's getting a little Old. He's getting old. But wouldn't you want him on the US soon? Of course I would. I I I think Messi really likes Argentina. What if we gave him a shit load of money? I don't know if that's legal or not, but I still think mess. Like he's a god in Argentina. What would happen if he does that? I'm just dreaming loses Gods status. I'm just dreaming and I'm thinking outside the box.


And there, there's gotta be somebody out there that's got money to burn and If you. If you're Jeff Bezos, give him like a billion dollars to play for the US Passport. I don't think Jeff Bezos cares about anything besides being rich bald and doing TRT allegedly. Is Jeff Bezos gonna buy the Celtics? No. Why? Why did you say no so fast? Because I saw a report that said he wasn't interested. Oh, okay. So I guess that's good to know. Good report. Wouldn't you want him to buy the Celtics? I think so. Yeah. I don't, I want him to buy the pairs. People are throwing out this new stadium shit though. I don't, I'm not a fan of that. Yeah. The Amazon Touchless stadium. I don't think the Boston, that'd Be cool if it was virtual Fighting.


Don't need Boston doesn't need a new stadium. That's just like an owner would want a new stadium. Yeah. Jeff Bezos would just build a new stadium. 'cause he Can't, but we don't need that. I listen, I'm fully supporting Jeff Bezos buying any team because it goes back to my original, my my longtime take that. If you're that rich and you don't own a sports team, you're a fucking weirdo. Yeah. It's the, it's the only thing you should want, the point of getting money is that you can own a sports team. It's the only thing that actually like costs the, the amount of money that you have. You know what I mean? Like there's, once you have the billions and billions that Jeff Bezos has nothing, there's nothing left to purchase. Yeah. You want, you want to own the best toy in the world. And the best toy is an NFL team. Okay. And Then Jason McIntyre said Simmons was doing that to get his name in the headlines To get Bezos name in the Headlines.


Simmons' name in the headlines. 'cause he's like, I, this is what McIntyre said on Coward show. He was basically alluding that Bezos was, or, or Simmons floated that out there just to get his name in the headlines. 'cause he's going through some type of contract dispute or something, which I don't believe that's levels to that shit. I don't understand. I don't believe that. But Simmons is going Through a contract dispute with Spotify. Wait, so So he just, so he's saying, saying that Simmons is going through a contract dispute. So Simmons decided to talk about the Celtics for once. Right. He threw out, He threw out an unfounded theory about the Celtics and this raised a lot Of red flags. Sounds like he was just doing what he, his Job did Bill Simmons do a potential draft of Boston Celtics owners and then everybody was like, this is unusual.


Yeah. What's his Hang, What's wrong with him? Is he sick? Okay, so Bezos maybe, but probably not. I Think maybe my favorite Bezos Or poor came out said he has no plans on purchasing the team. He should start plans. Yeah. Start the plans or buy the Bears. Yeah. He probably wants to buy a football team. The rumor was that Dan Snyder would not sell to him even though he was the highest bidder for the commanders because he doesn't like Bezos because of the reporting the Washington Post did on the commanders. Also, if you're a billionaire like Bezos, it's probably easier to buy a team that's not in complete disrepair and take that over like the Celtics. Right? Like you've got a winner, a proven winner already.


So that seems like I'm connecting a lot of dots here, but I'm gonna dispute that report and say he's not done. No, he is not done. He's not done being interested. He's not, he's still interested. He's Definitely still Interested. My favorite story about Jeff Bezos is that you remember when he the mistress came out? Yeah. When he got that divorce a couple years ago, he got caught having a mistress because he was hanging out. He was at some business conference with MBS, the leader of Saudi Arabia and MBS was like, let me get your number so that we can text later. He gets his number. MBS sends him a text and has like a link on. It's like, thought about you, check this link out. Bezos clicks on the link. Now Saudi Arabia hacked into Bezos's phone. Oh no.


And so they released, they found out all the dirt on him and they released all the information about Bezos. Damn. That's fucked up. Yeah. Have you guys seen the Zuckerberg? I always be your friends that just wanna send you links. I know What happened with Zuckerberg. Have you just seen them? Yeah. He's, he's trying to get into his swag era. Which again, I respect that too. Like if you're if's the buying a team or if you're a very rich guy, you have to essentially do enough performance enhancing, do some kind of weird Navy seal, CrossFit, kra, maga or whatever the hell it's called to try to wipe away the fact that you were a nerd. Yeah. You do that. You also just put yourself in positions to make yourself feel uncomfortable because everything about your life is super comfortable.


So you go on like two week long retreats where you don't do anything but drink water. You just try to make yourself feel like you're poor again. Yeah. In order to tap into some like deep yearning missing piece that you haven't signed. Or When, when Zuckerberg got choked out, but then had to release a statement saying he did not Choke out. He did not choke, he did not in fact get choked out. I also would love to interview the guy who choked him out because I feel like he didn't choke him out as hard as he would any other Person you think he let up at the end? Yeah, Of course he did. If he's getting paid by Zuck, he definitely let up a little that wasn't a full choke. So actually now that we're talking this out, Zuckerberg got choked out in a half choke. Yeah. I I also think the billionaires sometimes they If you get that much wealth and power, you have this deep dark instinct that takes over that makes you want to be an evil billionaire and to take over the world and potentially destroy it.


And so you just have to do everything you can to like steer yourself away from that instinct. Yeah. They're all Evil. They're all evil. I like that You got Bernie Lockwood. Oh, little ro little rose avatar Hank over here. Yeah. Eat the rich Hank. Like that. They're all evil. They are Because Hank thinks that any, anybody that's worked that hard to become a billionaire is an idiot because they didn't take any vacations. Right. Hank, Hank will Never view, they do take ultimate vacations. That was kinda all the headlines. So was Ronaldo and Aaron Judge fighting with little leaguers? I just pulled up CBS sports Purdy leads Young QBs on contenders.


I like this as a, as a topic where you can rank Purdy number one, but not have it be number one like If. you do the, the age thing. So you can leave out Mahomes, Allen Burrow, all those other guys. Like who would you start a franchise with right now? The answer's still Patrick Holmes. Yeah, Patrick Holmes. I was gonna say c well I was gonna say CJ Stroud, if you're doing age under 25 Oh under I do Jayden personally. Yeah. I'd like, I mean I I I'd like to be Caleb Williams. I wanna see him play in the NFL. I'm being realistic. I'm not gonna get crazy. Okay. Anything else. Well let's do, did You just Fart?


No, Hank just farted. You just farted? No, you looked Hank definitely farted. You gave me eye contact And farted. No I didn't. You definitely farted. You did. You looked at me and Farted. You're sitting in a Wood chair. What does that have to do with anything? It makes a louder noise. Like it was a very clear fart. Have to check the tapes. Yeah. No. Hank, you farted before the podcast started. You Just looked at me and Farted and that was the exact same sound. We're gonna have To check the tapes. You're real comfortable. Huh? I just had a lot of, I don't know, a lot of cell blue. Was that it? Oh, Now you're mad at us for acknowledging that you farted on our podcast.


You're the one who stared me in the eyes and farted like During the podcast. There, There are people that are, there's a million people listening to this right now. Didn't Hear that. And you're just like, well, fuck 'em. I didn't mean to fart. Slipped out. Control your sphincter. Oh Man. Hank Okay. Hank had a lot of nitrous this morning. What? Loosen your butt hole. What's nitrous? Like Whippets. Yeah. Kanye. Alright, let's do, would Kanye do like, oh, $60,000 of nitrous a month. You the nitrous. And, and, and then there started this debate lines like why isn't nitrous just legal? And everyone replied because it actually burns your brain cells.


Yeah. Like it's actually the one like the, to get high with nitrous. It's because you have a lack of oxygen to your brain and your brain is dying. Oh yeah. Kanye got that hookup. So There's a, there's a very funny text thread that was going back and forth between Kanye, his dentist, and I guess his old boss and his boss or his dentist. Have you seen his Instagram page? Yes. Dr. Thomas Conley. Yes. He's a jacked up dentist with head and face tattoos. He says this needs to be a long-term goal. Get recreational nitrous legalized. Meanwhile, we, we mastered the delivery system with a two year headstart.


And then Kanye's old business partner said, surely you're joking. Prolonged misuse of nitrous causes birth defects. Problems with B12 spinal cord will disintegrate. Why would anyone want to introduce another drug to an already depressed addicted demoralize, an apathetic population of dopamine slaves. Then Kanye follows that text with, can I have the nitrous today? Spinal cord Disin Disin, what is it? I can't say the word. Disintegrates. Disintegration. That's gotta be one of the worst side effects for a Drug. For anything. Yeah. Yeah. Your spinal cord will disintegrate. It's pretty important we Turn into dust. Yeah. Okay. Let's do, let's do our college football picks real quick.


It is not week one. It is week zero. Next week is week one. But let's get 'em in right now. DraftKings, you can bet 'em all on the DraftKings Sportsbook app. So we've been tasked with a national champion Heisman or conference winner. I will let you go first. PFT. Okay. I do apologize for thinking that there were week zero Thursday games when I was looking at the app. I'm gonna, I got a national champion pick. I have two, but I'm going to tell you Two. Can't Win it. I have one that I already bet on. Okay. But I have one that I like more than the one that I bet on. So I'm gonna give you a brand new one. Okay. The Texas Longhorns. Okay. I like the Texas Longs. What are their odds? They're odds are I believe eight 50.


Okay. Eight and a half to one. Texas is back. We might see Arch Manning if, if viewers has any issues. But I think that viewers is still obviously one of the best quarterbacks in college football. And their hardest game is Georgia. They have that at home. And with the expanded playoffs. If, you They have to go to Michigan too. They have to go to Michigan. But I, I'm thinking Michigan's a big question mark this year. They're still gonna be good. They'll be good. But there's, there's a lot different Yeah. At Michigan from, from the national championship team. So I think Texas will also benefit from obviously the expanded playoff if they do lose one of those tough games still very much in it. Yes. Alright. Hank your conference champion pick.


I'm gonna go with the, the conference, our local conference. The big 10, little little long shot. It's more than a little long shot. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. They're the ninth. This is the ninth out of whatever team. Nine outta 10 in the big 10. Outta 10. Yeah. Washington Huskies plus 8,000. Plus 8,000. Okay. 80 to one. Damn. Okay. Hungry dog. Alright, I'm gonna go with my Heisman. And this is one that you're gonna bet and we're either going to have great value or was the worst bet ever within the first week, which is what I like to do with my Heisman champ.


Or picks. I'm gonna go with Miller Moss. USC. They play LSU week one. I think it's actually the Sunday game. So it's gonna be a standalone game if he comes out and balls. It's right now 35 to one. It'll be half that price if he comes out. And balls. I also am high on USC this year simply because they got rid of Alex Grin. The worst defensive coordinator of all time. Yep. So they will be better on defense if they're, if they're better on defense. The offense doesn't have to press as much. They could maybe have a better record. Miller Moss Heisman Trophy winner. And guess who, guess who, guess who just churns out Heisman Trophy winners guy named Old Stinking Riley.


Stinking Riley. Now where's that first game? Is that Sites? I think it's neutral. Yeah. Yeah, lets, I think it's either in Nutri sites, it's either, it might be in Louisiana, which, or New Orleans, which would not be neutral. But I think they, this might be the Camping World game where they play in Orlando, which isn't that, wasn't that stadium built during the war or something? Is there something weird with the Camping World Stadium? I mean, just based on US history, it was probably built during a war. Yeah, that's true. Hold on, I'm gonna find that because it's actually in Vegas. Okay. It's in Vegas. No, there's a weird, because you know, the fact that Orlando has a, a football stadium makes no sense. Really. Right? Like Bortles. Well no, that's But they have their own football stadium.


Yeah. Camping World is just a neutral Football stadium for just this type of occasion. Yeah. It opened in 1930 six's Orlando Stadium has also been known as a Tangerine Bowl in Florida. Citrus Bowl 1936. That's crazy that Orlando If, you had asked me when Orlando was created, I'd be like, I guess whenever Disney. Yeah, Disney. So Orlando built this. Was that during the Great Depression? Was that like a, a new deal? I think so. Like FDR is like, I'm gonna give money to build the Hoover Dam. We're going to do a lot of mining and bridge construction, Tennessee. And we're gonna build a football stadium in Orlando. Yeah. So that Florida State can play LSU Week one sometimes Save the economy. Yeah.


Yeah. It was, it was under the Great Depression. Was It really? Stadium was built immediate east. Yeah, it was, it was built for that reason. Capacity of 8,900 is Orlando Stadium. First college football Bowl game was played on January 1st, 1947. That's not actually the first college football bowl game. I did a bad job of reading that sentence. So Miller for Heisman May. Yeah, he's Got a good Heisman name. It, he, He's got a good Heisman name. Lincoln Riley, U-S-C-U-S-C. No longer playing in the Pac 12. They're, they got some big primetime games. They're playing like Penn State. I believe they, I don't know if they play Ohio State.


I know they play Wisconsin, but they start the season with LSU again. This is a bet that if he plays well against LSU, it's gonna go from 35 to one to 20 to one overnight. Okay. We're gonna do a bunch of college football previews next week, by the way. So everyone get ready for that. We, we will make sure that we stuff your brain with college football previews. Those are coming. Let's do our Mount Rushmore, our Mount Rushmore.


So we are going to do our Mount Rush warrants brought to you by our friends at Mountain Dew. You know what we all need to get more of off our ass with bold flavors and refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew will get you off your ass and have you feeling like you're an actual, on an actual mountain. A mountain where the weather is always perfect. Your friend's ready to hang in a day of epic proportions. Awaits. We love Mountain Dew. We've been playing, we've been in the lake, we've been doing softball, we've been doing rock climbing. Mountain Dew is the best. I love the original Mountain Dew. That's my personal favorite. So thank you to Mountain Dew. We've had an awesome time at camp this week. It's been so much fun. And it's in big thanks to Mountain Dew for sponsoring it and getting it all together. So go do the Dow Original is the way to go. Hank's a Baja blast guy. I think PFT year code Red guy. I love Code Red. So you got all code? Red Red. We got all three here. Red. Absolutely fantastic soda.


Okay, so Mount Rushmore of orange things. We have Max in first last week we have my cell or, or on Wednesday I was second. And then we have a tie for third and fourth. So we have to figure out what we're gonna do about the tie. Yeah, I have an idea. Okay. My idea is that it rolls over. It's like in golf If you If you tie hole in like a skins game. Okay. So it rolls over to this Mount Rushmore. And then between Hank and myself, whoever finishes ahead of the other person, they get the third place points from Wednesday and The other person gets And the other person gets fourth place points. Okay. I like that idea.


I'll throw a counterpoint out there. I think we should give third place to the person who didn't try to meddle with the vote. Who tried to meddle with the vote. Hank Max. Did anyone try to matter with the vote? Charity? Yeah. Yeah. PFT was so charitable online. I almost wanna just give it to him as a, as a, you know, he really inspired charity. Well If he Was so charitable, he'd give it to you. Well That's very charitable. PFT tweeted in the middle of the vote. So the vote had not been decided Yet? No, no. And It was a neck and neck race. He said, I will give an autographed game. Award Camp Bar hoodie signed by myself and Big Cat. No one Else. I wouldn't agree to that. Somebody asked to one person or asked me and Big Cat for votes. Now Rushmore poll Hank you didn't read the quote sweet part.


Somebody had asked must Send proof of voting and Read the rest of it. Hashtag rock the vote. No, you, You left that part. You can vote for whoever you want. It will not affect who gets the hoodie. Correct. So there were plenty of people that sent replies that voted for You. Yeah, no, I I plenty people that voted gift is so Charitable for Max. It's, you know, what's disgusting is that Hank thinks that the only reason that somebody can do something nice is because there're secretly trying to something wrong. I've I've been literally Saying you were definitely trying to do something wrong. I was not Trying to do anything wrong. I was, let's Just be clear here. You were 100% doing, surely You've chosen the winner then, right? You've never done that. The The per. Oh, I have to. I've done Zero before there. Percent chance of send a fucking hoodie to anyone. I've done giveaways before. I'm gonna send the hoodie. Hank, why don't you pick who gets it?


Okay. How come you didn't let Hank get to sign it? Well, because the person asked me. Good question. Big Cat for one. Okay. The, the person said, Hey Big Cat PFT, can I get one of those Camp Barsol hoodies? That's why I said me and Big Cat will sign. Did you think about waiting till after the Rushmore poll Ended? No. Good question. I was just, I was just walking up to the building here. We were getting ready to eat lunch and I took my phone out, happened to check Twitter. Saw the, saw that Tweet saw, saw we were in a neck and neck race. I didn't know that we were in neck and neck race at the, it was actually, it was a very close amount. Rushmore, I think Big Cat had 23%. Hank and I both ended at 21.7%. Crazy. I don't think we've ever had a tie like that. And also after I put that out, Hank went up from like 20.3%.


But you weren't Paying attention, you said to 20 point, right? 20 Weren't attention to the vote. Well, at All I did when we sat down for lunch and Hank came to the table and he was just looking at me and he said, how's your lunch? But I knew what he meant. Yeah. We may needed the commissioner to make a make a Yeah. I mean listen, I'm just gonna say in fairness, if Hank had done this, I would've gone after Hank. So I have to say that I think that's bullshit. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't do anything though. I was just trying To, you know what you guy doing? Super charitable. I was trying to be a nice guy. You're charity shaming. I'm not. I've been complimenting you the whole time. What are the official standings right Now? It is, Well It depends. Yeah. Max has 69 points. I have 57 points and then P, f, T and Hanker three points apart.


So they'll either be, it would either be, there'd be two points apart or they would be four points apart. Or we could roll it over into this Mount Rushmore and whoever wins this one gets the points from the tie. All right. Hank gets it and PFT loses one point. Okay. I get subtracted a Point. He gets subtracted a point. Why? I Don't think he should get subtract to the point. Commissioner. Well he did break the rules. Come commissioner, I don't think he should get subtraction. Wait, Wait, wait. Memes. When Hank explicitly broke the rules and posted what his picks were during Mount Rushmore, he didn't get subtract at a point. Yeah, that's a bad precedent set. It should just be commissioner. Well it wasn't a pick, it was a honorable mention. No, no, no.


He posted, He did his pitch yellow cold play. No, I posted this Cold play. He, he posted cold play And he posted, He posted Pikachu. You see in the back end. What Pushed people to the most votes vote though? I Didn't. Wait, wait, wait. Hank did I push people to vote For a certain Yeah, for a certain person. People I vote. I pulled up. You're Anti-democracy. I'm, I'm encouraging people to vote. I don't care who you vote for. Just participate in democracy. Memes. Just see if, see If, you can see the exact amount of votes. Is that possible? Yeah. And and Hank I am giving them the shirt, literally the shirt off my back right now. I mean, you knew what you were doing. I had no idea what I was doing. Yeah, you Do I thought college football started tonight. My brain In the clouds. I walked up the PT and go, damn, 50. You're so charitable.


And he goes, well it's not even gonna matter. Like he instantly just got defensive. So That's it. It actually, and it actually helped Hank. But you weren't watching the poll? No, I saw the poll when I tweeted it out afterwards. And then, wait, how would you know? You saw before you tweeted it? No, after I just said, after I tweeted out I saw The numbers. So how did you know it helped him? 'cause you didn't see it before. Good Question. It was right after I tweeted it. Oh. I looked like, Like you hadn't looked half Second later had not looked. Oh, but you hadn't looked. Yeah, Hadn't looked half second later I looked at it. You hadn't looked at before that. What Inspired you To start being charitable yesterday? I, I do a lot of charity. I just don't talk about it all the time. So what inspired you to talk about it? The real charity is Well because somebody asked me publicly, so I responded publicly and I care about our listeners. I get, I care about, I don't care who you vote for in Mount Rushmore season.


Let's be clear here. You have choices to make and you're gonna make those choices. Choose who matters to you, who speaks to you as a representative of your thoughts during Mount Rushmore season on this podcast, I just want people to take an active role in democracy and I want you to know that your voice matters. You can't see the actual amount of votes schemes Pulling it up. Alright, Ashley at a mangled And who did she vote for? Max. Okay. Okay. Ashley. Ashley mangled. A mangled. A mangled. You win, you get the shirt off my back. Big Cat. Will you sign it for Ashley? You don't want, you don't care about the listeners. I care about, I care about Ashley. Maybe I'll just send her my shirt off my back.


Okay. And not have to have any strings attached on voting. I'll lie. Yeah. I mean that's how much I care about the listeners. I don't make them do things to get free things. I didn't make him do anything. I said if you're going to vote, I want to encourage that behavior. Voting's good. I just know I'm trying to be fair here that if Hank pulled this movie, he'd be fucking, he would literally be on trial for an hour and a half. Which you I think would agree with PFT. I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, I'm trying to do a good thing. And Ashley, this is for you. It's a Nice shirt. It is a nice shirt. Are you talking about the tie dye one or are you talking about Can you see it look good Yesterday? Do you want this shirt? You still still pulling Think Shirt. Think too small for me. You want the shirt tank?


I'm sorry. I don't think PFT should lose a point, but We'll get to it by, we'll get to it by the end of The this. All right here. I, I also wanted to say, shout out Carl Ham who made a very, very funny Mount Rushmore graphic summing up all of our picks this year. I'll just read it real quick. It was, this is the first round max. Good pick. PFT. Good. Pick Big. Cat. Good. Pick Hank making a third round pick. Then second round is Max. Good pick PFT. Third round pick Big. Cat. Pick one, one for people age 35 to 45. Hank something nobody even considered picking.


Third round is max good pick PFT something hyper specific that wins the votes of 50 people. Yeah, But they vote hard. Big Cat a niche sports reference that nobody else was gonna take. Hank something that Hank has to explain as to why it fits the category. Then the fourth route is Max Good pick slash Italian PFT. It fits the category but it's just weird. Big Cat wrestling or kid related. Hank a reasonable pick Pretty Well now that's That's really good. Pretty much nailed every Single one. That's our show. Oh. Alright. So we're gonna do the Mount Rushmore of Orange things. Orange things. And we don't know the standings right now, but I guess we'll know at the end of this, at the end of this Mount Rushmore.


So who's first Orange Things? Pft is first. Okay, Wait, who's second? Me You, Hank third Max four. Got it. Got it. And It goes, it goes 4, 3, 2, 1 and points unless there's a tie. Right. Got it. Or someone messed with the Voting. Yes. Okay. Alright. Matt? Yeah. Nevermind. No, what were Go say, So Hank got the point. Do we agree with that on That? We Don't know the, I don't think memes can find the actual votes. Can he? On the desktop it breaks down to the decimal point and we were tied 21.7 to 21.7. But I think we should be able to get into like the, like the analytics of The numbers Post and Got it.


Get an exact Number. Can we get the overnight votes? Huh? You get the overnight votes. Can we get the, can we get the timestamp votes of when PFT sent out his, his tweet? Oh Yeah. I was winning before that. That's what I'm saying. I thought Didn't check, thought check Before. Well, right Afterwards. Afterwards. Exactly. Exactly. I'm just saying. I I was up, I helped Hank you, You, you keep saying you haven't checked, you didn't check before. I I had did not before, but I've learned a valuable lesson today that's Don't help Hank because he'll always accuse you of, of doing it to, I have done nothing but compliment You for your charitable Actions. Fact fiction. He did call me Dr. Charity this morning. Dr. Charity. Yeah. He said when we were asked, we were in the bunk this morning, he is like, what, what should we do for Mount Rushmore?


He is like, things that you give to charity. Okay. PFT your first pick. Okay. One, one. I'm going to go with buffalo wings. Okay. Good pick. Thank you. My favorite food in the world. Hank Any max any anything to say to that? That's orange. Yep, That's orange. It is orange. Okay. So it's my pick one, one. I'll go with the maybe the most. 1, 2, 1 2. I'll go with maybe the most important thing ever created. Although it wasn't really created. Maybe it was created.


I'll go with fire. All Right. That is my second Fire is you need fire for everything for buffalo wings. You can't have you buffalo wings without fire. No, you can, you can use an electric fryer to, to heat it up, but yeah, no it's what? Electric fryer. Electric fryer. Yeah. And then where's the electricity come from? Fire. The, the wall. A big plant with fire happening. A lightning That struck a kite That Ben. But how, how did they get electricity From the lightning fire? Lightning struck a key. Fire Fire's Good. Listen. Fire's a great pick. I, I had it as my second overall, so. Okay. Hank, Hank, I watched Hank put together his list. I think he has four picks.


I'm gonna go with basketball. Okay. Okay. Basketball's a good pick. Had that On my list? Yes. Very orange. Thank you. Good pick. Thank you. Okay, I'm gonna go with mac and cheese. Mm Huh Sometimes white. Huh? Mac and cheese. Huh? Mac and cheese. Oh, that's Interesting. What kind of mac and cheese are we talking about here? Just Plain boxed mac. You can say boxed mac and cheese if that's, that's Interesting. Pretty. Are you yellow? Are you talking about the blue box? It's Pretty yellow. Co mac and cheese. Pretty. Yeah, that's, that's yellow. Orange. Orange. Pretty Yellow. Yellow. No, I, I mean Kraft mac and cheese is definitely orange.


Yeah, I think it's yellow. It's definitely orange. There Is yellow mac and cheese. There's white mac and cheese. Yeah, white mac and cheese. What color would you guys say That is? Max wants? That's orange. This is orange. I believe that would be orange. You think that's orange? Have you ever seen the powder? Yeah. The powder's very orange. Yeah. The powder is orange. Is orange? Yeah. Powder. Very Orange. And then I'm gonna go with an orange. Oh, Okay. Okay. You Wanna, you wanna fight me On that one? Good pick Is orange. Orange He just play, he just plays the, like the one word answers. Yeah, just his graphic always looks better. He's hacked it. Okay. Hank. Alright. PFT was a little too specific. I'm gonna go with something that you know is more universal hot sauce.


Ooh, Good pick. Hot sauce is orange. Yeah. I don't think hot sauce is orange. We, we've had this discussion before. Hank, it's not Hot sauce is red. How The most popular brand of hot sauce, I would say is Frank's And what's the word that comes after that? Orange hot. What? Hot sauces or orange? Buffalo of of them. Buffalo Sauces. Orange. Buffalo sauces. Orange. Because you make, because you mix it with butter. Orange because you mix It with butter. You mix some butter and vinegar. It's, it's red and yellow put together. Yeah. Good pick though.


A good good. Yeah. Really good. He's a good pick. If it were orange, Wait, did Hank just take buffalo wing sauce? I think I'm gonna go with goldfish. Oh, Good answer. Would you like to Take a specific goldfish? It might help. Nope. Oh, okay. Because I had Larry the goldfish on there. Are you talking about the the snack? Yeah, I'm Talking about or the fish, the Snack. Oh, I have Larry the goldfish on there. Did you want Larry the goldfish? I don't know. No, I'm sorry. Hank's Gonna fart again. All Right. He's gonna fart again. Okay. I can't believe this lasted all the way here.


I'm gonna go with a tiger. Yeah. Oh, Tiger is fucking Dominant. I had that Very orange Good Pick. Very good pick. Very awesome animal. Okay. I'm glad that did not, Did we? Do I. I just remember we did do this Mountain Rushmore of hot sauce or the, the hot sauce thing. Was the spirited debate A big debate? I think it was just us debating it. Yeah. Off air that you were very wrong about. Yeah. 'cause you we had the same conversation. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It didn't work your way. Okay. Never does. Okay. PFT, you have two picks. I got two picks. Glad this one lasted as long as it did Cheez-Its mm, Cheez-Its love Cheez-Its either the hot and spicy, the big Cheez-Its extra toasty.


You reduce fat. What, what are you gonna say Hank? When you took goldfish? Yeah. Good Pick. Thank you. Okay. What color is the box? Red? I'm, I didn't say Cheez-It boxes. We might have to give, we might have to do the, the hank gets third place and PFT minus one point because he, he's just blowing this draft. Hank's like, like an animal. How am I blowing this draft? I mean, because you, I didn't take hot sauce. Yeah. Okay. You're doing Fine. And I got, I couldn't pick something. You're like an animal that doesn't have a real defense mechanism. Like you don't spit venom, you don't have a stinger. Just when you get upset and frustrated, you shut down and fart.


Next pick. That would've been so great. If, you fart? Yeah, I was hoping you were gonna fart. Alright, next pick up. He's a Skunk. Yeah, I'm gonna go with Hooters. Uniform shorts. Mm Okay. Pretty great shorts. No. Is everyone goes to The shorts? This Is the part of the draft where Yeah, the niche. Where 50. He gets the 50 people Are Are you saying you don't like the Hooters uniform shorts? No, you're, No this is this. There is That part. I dunno if I'm looking at the shorts. You personally, I don't think I go to Hooters to look at the shorts. You do look at the shorts. Sometimes I am going to Hooters for something else. The wings, which you already have. Which I already have. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good pick. Yeah. Okay. This is what PFT just picked.


Lemme see. Yeah. Yeah, it's great. They're great shorts. Okay, I'll go with, it's my pick, right? Is it? Yeah, I'll go with fall leaves, orange, fall leaves. Okay. Nice crunchy leaf. Some about the fall. Fall football. Love it. Hank. Good Pick. Thank you. I will go with a another food. Okay. Nice. Or should I go with an animal?


I think you should just decide whoever you wanna do. Go Nemo. Finding Nemo. Oh, okay. So you went goldfish, goldfish, goldfish. Back, back to back. Hank Ibi. I had Nemo on, on my list. That's awesome. Good. That's Good. So you know what's really good, both me. That's Why I don't wanna take Larry. That's why you didn't wanna take Larry's. You're like, I already got this covered. Okay. Max, your last two. I know. Well, I'm gonna go with an orange. The orange tic-tac. Oh, okay. Late. Oh, I think that's one of the worst. Tic-tacs. There's only two Tic-Tac. No, that's not true. Is there three TicTacs? There's there's probably like seven tic-tacs. I like the orange tic-tac.


It was like, that was a staple for me growing up. You Got the white, you got the spearmint, you got the winter wintergreen, you got the, the fruit colors that are like mixed in. You got orange? What are those? It's like, I don't know, Multiple I flavor of virgin and white are the two, are the two TikTok flavors. Okay. All right. Those are the two OGs. Yeah. I gotta, I gotta say I, I never was a tic-tac guy. It's like who Cares? Or Tic-Tac. So have a fucking have some gum. Tic-tacs. And also then you walking around Like make your breath fresh and you picked one that like doesn't Yeah, True. Tic-Tacs are it, it it, The only benefit for a tic-tac is to make it your math. Your They're It's candy.


It's not candy. Yeah. Tic-tacs are orange, TicTacs Are breaths. They're breath myths. The Orange tic-tac is just a candy. But that's just, just a shitty candy. No, it's A good Candy. There's no, that's Hey, if we Shane, Shane is just, Lemme ask question. You ferociously right now. Shane the guy. Actually I don't give fucking fuck. I already Won this stupid Thing. Stupid game. Did you say Shane, the guy who's never had McDonald's? You wanna keep debating with the King of Rushmore? Okay. I've already Won the whole thing, but I want, I want to just, I, I, I, I'm, I'm standing up for Candy King of Rush Rushmore. If we did a candy Mount Rushmore and we each got 10 picks each, so that's 40 candies, orange tic-tac still wouldn't be picked We're I'm saying or Okay.


Pick another Orange. So it's the lowest tier candy. Pick another orange candy. I might, I haven't, it's not my pick buddy. Okay. You want me to do it right now? No, because that's Not how it Works. Actually, I, yeah, I don't even care. Syracuse Orange last Pick. You are the, you're the king of Mount Rushmore, so I don't really No, I I thought about going with another school, but it's, they're literally called the Syracuse Orange. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. My last pick. I'm going to go with the orange hairs on weed.


That's a great pick. That's a great Pick. That's when you know you have good weed. That Is the kind bud. That's a great pick. The good bud Kind. Bud Kind bud's not good. What In my day, Hank kind bud was the best. Yeah. Mids kb and then The good stuff. Kb kb kb is kind bud. Yeah, That's, that's like a step above mid. What Kind Bud is like not that great. God dammit. Used to be the best. It'd be like, yo, you got mid, you got kb, you got that, That orange haired weed. Okay. If. You get a, a nugget of weed and it's got orange Haired. All I, I think it's a great pick. Yeah, I think it's a great pick. You just laugh pretty hard.


What? No, I laughed 'cause it was very niche, but it was a great pick. Who doesn't like weed? I, I'm telling you, it's a great pick. Hank, That was, that was Hank's pick. That kind of fits the category. But he has to explain why. Yeah, That's crazy. It's literally whatever. I'm you fucking word. Every fucking pick is, no, It's, I'm saying it's a great pick. It's literally, it fits a category perfectly. Oh my God. Hank I'm telling you, it's a great pick. I was laughing 'cause it's something I never thought of. That's funny. Thanks. You don't believe that You, you didn't believe so mad, mad at me. Alright. My last pick. I'm gonna take Snookie. Okay. All right.


She's, she's orange. You could Patrick. She's orange. Yeah, I know. You could've gone dtt could've. You could've gone DT. But then it's like, is he, you know, you would, you would Win half. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Who knows Not to get political. Snooky lib. God, you're lashing out extra hard today. And I've had your back from the start of this Mount Rushmore. I was the only one trying to prosecute PFT for you. I, I wasn't trying to prosecute PFT. I had commenting on charity the whole time. I laughed. I laughed at the, the red hairs. Orange hairs. Excuse me. They, There are red hairs in. We too. Yeah. They might be more red than orange.


I actually initially said yes to the hot sauce. Yeah. All you wanna do is just fart in my face. Gimme eye contact all p to your last pick. Okay. Last pick. I think I might just run the football here. Do something easy, simple. Definitely orange. I'm gonna go with pumpkins. Mm. Pumpkins. Pumpkins make great pie outta pumpkin pumpkins. You likes pumpkins. I don't like pumpkin pie. I've never been a pumpkin pie. Oh, Pumpkin pie's. Delicious. I like pumpkin pies. It's great. Yeah. Pumpkin pie's. Good. And I mean, you like orange TicTacs. You like everything Orange TicTacs pumpkin pie is is fire. It's a staple. Yeah. In the autumn. Yeah. You think fall? You think Thanksgiving. There's pumpkin pie. You also get the Jack of LANs.


You get Halloween decorations. Yeah. I'm gonna go with pumpkins. Okay. Good. Mount rush. Where we got honorable mentions. I had a lot here. Yeah. I Too. Mountain new live wire. Yep. Yep. Peaches. Yams. Yams. I'd take a pumpkin over a yam though. I think Tennessee Orange. Tennessee Orange had that as well. Texas. Burnt orange. Tennessee though. Don't like, don't like Texas. Burnt orange cheese balls. Cheese balls are good. Cheese Balls are the best. Sweet potato fries. Yep. The sun. Yeah. Sometimes I kind of wanted someone to take the sun. I, I thought about that. But Someone But sunsets are orange, But someone took the sun. Correct.


Correct. You can't, it can't be both. Correct. Preston was set. I agree. Yeah. Cheese. Cheese. You Could sunset probably. I, I almost took mac and cheese and cheddar cheese. I, I was just did a full cheese. You you're Just full cheese. You're just running up the score. You're, you're on the 10 yard line. No, I'm not gonna lie. I, I think I had like five things written down. I, I'm done. I'm, you're Resting your starters. Yeah. Well I don't need, by me getting first place, it, it, it ruins the rest of the draft for the two of you that need those points. Right? Not really. I don't Need the points is so nice. Anyway, I'll probably just gimme some at the end of the day. Can you move your mic a little bit? Tabby Cat?


What about the tabby? A tabby Cat? The orange tabby? Yeah. The one from, what was the show? Garfield Morning Edition. Garfield first edition. What was the show show with Coach Taylor? Where you got the newspaper from the day, the next day. Friday Night Lights. Was that coach? No, it was, I think it was Morning edition. No. First edition. It was an orange tab. Cat. That Newsroom Would bring him the newspaper. Tomorrow's newspaper today. Oh, I didn't see that. Home Improvement. It Was a good show. I'm rewatching Friday Night Lights. Wow. Golden retrievers. That golden. Yeah. That's Golden. It's kind of orange. Literally In the name. Didn't you, you, You said this. We're doing honorable mentions.


Okay. No, Hank said golden retrievers for yellow. Nah, I Didn't. Kyle Chandler. Yeah, He did. Yeah, he did. Hank, why are you so, why are you so grumpy right now? Dude? Oh, foxes. What's wrong? We missed Foxes. Yeah, foxes. Fox. We saw some out Fox. Yeah. Damn. What We miss Foxes Early edition. Early addiction. We miss Foxes. You're you're, you're you're on one Orioles. Yeah. Orioles. They're really cool. If. you ever see an Orel? They're awesome. Yeah. Good birds. I thought You were talking about the baseball Team. Garfield. Yep. Said that five minutes ago.


Sorry, Garfield. I was looking up the show that is completely irrelevant that I was trying to figure out. Heath Cliff just came out 20 years ago. Monarch butterflies. Yep. Orange County. Orange County. Yeah. Nah. Yeah. You're not an OC guy. Orange County Choppers. Yeah. Came In New Years In Laguna Beach. You can't. I know. That's crazy. You can't, You can't smoke cigs. If. you live in Laguna Beach. Like you can't even in Your house. No. Your neighbors can report you In your house. Yes. If. you smoke outside or you smoke in your house and the smoke wafts into your neighbor's property and they smell it. They can call the cops on you.


That's insane. Yeah. Wait, weed or Cigs? That's crazy. There's another orange political guy not to get political. Yeah, we were saying that DT Frank Ocean Chanel Orange. Oh, oh yeah. Channel Orange. You say Chanel Orange? Is it Channel Orange or Chanel? Was I wrong? Probably not. He's probably me. You're definitely right. Always are. Didn't Apple rank that album as like the second best album of all time? Yeah. That's bullshit. Oh man. Hank, I can't, I can't with you right now. I literally can't.


You can't exist. Did you memes, do we have a conclusion? Nope. No. Okay. So what is your ruling? Hank gets third and PFT gets fourth in year also. Or his Original where you guys just didn't accept it. Well, you have a commissioner. You have a commissioner and, and it's like, all right, make a ruling. But You didn't but you didn't get subtract to the point when you broke an explicit rule. Don't bring it up to me. I'm, I'm, I broke an unwritten rule. Wait till you're admitting you broke A rule. No. That's what I'm being prosecuted for is breaking an unwritten rule. You were prosecuted for breaking a written rule that you invented and you didn't get Subtrac A point. But I didn't break the actual rule. Yes you did. You guys Just decided I did. No, you Did. It was actually your rule that it broken. Alright, so memes. What's the final ruling? Hank, Hank gets a point.


Hank gets the two points. Yeah. Okay. But PFT gets a official warning. A warning. Warning. Okay. And next time it's negative 10. Wonder If he 10. What if he doesn't send, how long does he have to send the sweatshirt? 'cause that should be part of it. Oh, good point. You have one week. Wow. Okay. Wow. I can make That. Huey, can you please? No, no, you have to do it. Okay. You're So did before You doing it. Alright. Big, Cat. I need you to sign this sweatshirt. Happily. Okay, so then the updated standings going into this Mount Rushmore would be PFT Hass 48. Hank has 46. All right. So it's very close Anyone's game. This is why we do Mount Rushmore season. It's fun. Isn't it so much fun Having, Having a blast?


Yeah. I hon I I don't want to do the challenge again. Not because I'm, I'm like afraid of doing the challenge. I don't wanna do it for a second year in a row. What challenge? The baseball challenge. Oh no. That's for dingers only. Yeah. Your Brain is Gone. Oh, this is for a different challenge. Yeah. Hank Hank and I lost about Rush War last year. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You'll Get, you'll get, you'll get up to speed Sass. Listen, We can't record before 10:00 AM That's just doesn't work. Okay, let's do our interviews. We got Will Compton. He's brought to you by our friends. 10 30 at Mountain Dew. Yeah, I know. No, I know. P ft just made another inaccurate.


But we Started recording. We Started record, record recording before 10:00 AM before 10. But Hank was, Hank is being a, a real Bitch. I don't know what you were saying to me there. I thought you were saying like, it's 10 30, we gotta hurry up. But you were just correcting him. Hank was Like, can we wrap up this little podcast thing that you're trying to Do I never said that before we get So let's, let's do another mount Or get to Will Down just For fun. I'm down Before we get to Will Compton Mountain Dew.


We're here at Barstool Summer camp thanks to Mountain Dew. You know what we all need to do to get more of off our ass with bold flavors and refreshing citrus Kick Mountain Dew. Will you off your ass and have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain. A mountain where the weather's always perfect. Your friends are ready to hang. And a day of epic proportions awaits The mountain is calling. You should answer. Grab your friends. Grab an ice cold Mountain Dew, wherever refreshing beverages are sold in Dew. The Dew. I love the original Thank you to Mountain Dew. This has been one of our favorite weeks. Bartol summer camp. Incredible idea, incredible sponsor. Hopefully we can do this every single year. And hopefully Mountain Dew is back every single year. 'cause we love Mountain Dew So. if you wanna support us and all these fun new things we get to do, please support our sponsors Mountain Dew. Go get an original Baja blast code Red right now and do the dew. Okay, here he is. Will Compton, bring Back Mountain Dew Live wire. It is the greatest flavor. As good as all these flavors are. Mountain Dew Live Wire is just incredible. Incredible.


Okay. Will Compton. Okay, we now welcome on our very good friend Will Compton, the Boy Little Redemption. Because last time he was on this show, it was the drunkest episode we've ever done. So Will, first of all, let's start there. How, how bad were the scaries anxiety when you woke up and you're like, I did a podcast yesterday. Yes, bro, my scaries and you know, we've messaged back and forth, but my scaries were through the fucking roof. Man. It was a great performance. Not only that, I remembered how, you know, you're in the, you're in the final game and so you're shit talking, you know, to get in the other team's head.


And I'm just trying to recall the things I was saying to Joey, the comedian that was with Pac Ti and you know, you have no clue. You go in the next day in the shop and the boys were talking about how obnoxious I was getting. And you're just like, God Man, you are the drunkest man alive, Bro. When I saw you guys' first, the first clip and I'm just slurring and every, every word I felt like in my brain meant so much. You know what I mean? Yeah. I know that feeling where you think you're being super profound. Yeah. Yeah. And you get down to it, you listen back to it and you're like, that is the opposite of what I thought I sounded like. Yeah. Although you made some good points about Max and how much he hates JJ Redd. Yeah. Do you wanna apologize to Max or you think he still might, might hate JJ Reddick?


No. Yeah, I think that you were explaining something that I wasn't quite following. No, I Love JJ Reddick. JJ reddick into it. I was gonna say, do you hate JJ Reddick for real? No. I, I love JJ Reddick. He was a great six er, he was probably on the best six er team of my lifetime. Probably. They Should have won. Did they Win? No, that was, he was on the Kauai team. Oh. What year were you born, max? I mean the, oh, the oh one Sixers. But that AI was just the best player. That team honestly sucked. The team Was bad except for that guy. Yeah. AI covered up a lot. So does that make you mad that JJ took the job at the Lakers? No. I, I like jj, I appreciate JJ for everything that he's done for Philadelphia. So what If he, what if the Lakers beat the Sixers in the finals, Then I would probably hate jj.


Yeah. So he Does, he does hate jj. He does have ability. No, there's, that's There's preh, there's, there's the potential of Pre It sounds like you're onto something. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I think Will is right. What, what's the word? Ino? Veritas in wine. There is truth it sounds like will Tap drunk man's thoughts are Silverman's words or whatever. Yeah. He tapped Into The universe. Silverman's words are drunk Man's. Right. Like, so if the Lakers beat the Sixers, you wouldn't be calling for JJ to, to come home. Silverman's were thoughts are drunk man's words. Maybe. I got it funny. But I mean that, but that would be in my, he would be tapping into my brain. Which No, no. Will's asking you if, if the Sixers fired their head coach and they hired JJ Reddick.


It sounds like you wouldn't like that. Like that. We're just doing JJ Reddick six just fired. Yeah. Would you be, Would you be hoping JJ comes, comes to Philly? I I like jj. I I would've. But you wouldn't wanna make, Do you? Yes or No? I like Nick Nurse. I, I don't want anyone to get fired every, so I, JJ Don't, I want JJ to keep his job. I want Nick Nursers to keep his job. It's So You wouldn't be excited about having JJ as your head Coach? No. I I I would, I Get fired. He's gonna be a good head coach. I do think he's gonna be a good head coach. I don't think he like If. You thought he was gonna be a good head coach then you would be like Yeah, I would take him over Nick Nursing a second. Right. But you ride with your guys, So you do meet JJ Red. Yes. Do You think we got to the bottom. Do you think Caleb Williams is gonna be a good quarterback?


What's that have to do with JJ Redding? It was that for me. Either one of you, Do I think that, do you think Jad Jay Daniels gonna be a good quarterback? Yes. Would you, would you get rid of K Williams and take Jaden Daniels? No. So you hate Jayden Daniels? No. We're not talking about Jaden Daniels. You we're not talking about I just did this. I just did the same thing thing I just said. He's gonna be a good coach ever. A good good qb You think JD Ray's gonna be a good coach? Correct. Would you put your reputation on line for it? I don't know. So You do h JJ Reddit? Oh no. Yeah. He Ain't JJ I would put my reputation's so clear. You know what though? He hate Jj, JJ needs this. He needs, he needs doubters out there. Yeah. Hatters and doubters. But it's good to be sober. Yeah. It's good to be sober. To be sober.


That was, I don't think we'll ever do that again. It seemed like a good idea in the moment. And then the next day we all were going through, 'cause we were going to interview Joe Burrow and it was like we were just all silent in the bus being like, just the anxiety. You could cut it with a knife. Yeah. It was a bad day. We were at each other's throat tank. Left his wallet in like three different locations. Yeah. And, and held us up big time and wouldn't apologize for anything. And so any, like we, we weren't never mad at Will obviously, because we were all in that same boat. We were hammered drunk. But then when the clips came out, I think we all thought that they were hilarious. When you see the clips come out, you're probably just like, turn your phone off. Threw out A window.


Yeah. Yeah. I I eventually listened all the way through on the JJ Reddick park because I remember we Yeah. Yeah. That's you. You're like one of the only people who made it all the way through the park. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like when you guys are talking about like riding back on the next day, like with your boys, you're almost like sitting there with anxiety hope and somebody's like, Hey man, you, you were the MVP yesterday. Yeah. Right. Make you feel like, okay. All right. Everything is all cool. Everything's All good. Yeah. She It was epic. Yeah. You Didn't get that. We Didn't have Epic. But you all sit there and just assume everybody else is thinking like you're obnoxious in this specifically to you. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Alright. So Will, we're on the precipice of football season. Actually we can talk about this. This is coming out on Friday.


We were all on the same team for Camp Barstool. I think. I don't know how you guys are feeling personally. This was just an eyeopening, like, god dammit, I, I know I say this all the time, but like another one of like, damn, you are just so washed. Because the few fun activities we did have just made me, I actually am like 1% chance tomorrow I wake up and I can't walk. Yeah. I'm just paralyzed Legs on fire. I'll tell you what, we won the, the real game softball. Yeah. Dude, here's our list. Softball, wrestling, swim relay, kayak relay. What else? Tramp. Tramp ball. Tramp ball. Like All like the cool ones where you had to Yeah.


Actual sports. Yeah. And they basically Just the closest things to sports we Won and they basically just won. Donny, Donny, chef Donny, chef Donny, like, he just won all those sports. He climbed a rock. He won the belly flop contest. Yeah. And White Sox, Dave White Sox. Dave won paper Rock Scissors. Yeah. How he did Do I win thatcI Rock. I blame Steven Cha for that. Well, like going O four four and rock paper scis. We had memes crunch the numbers on it. You know how hard it is to go O four four and Rrp S with no ties. He had a 1.2% chance of doing that. God like 90 Only cha bro. Basically 99 times out of a hundred In wrestling. Cha bodied white. What you talking about body? Him? He took his, he took his blow and turned it around on him.


We, we also, we we ended up losing, but we lost with class. There was the one moment Will where I had to correct you. Yeah, I was gonna say you were leading the charge of winning the class. I'm like sitting in the back like, fuck this man, let's go let, he Was like, let's get outta here. I was like, will We Have to say they remember when the pistons walked off the floor, dude, like you gotta, you gotta at least shake some hands. But, and we, and none of us had any freakouts. Yeah. And it's, it feels that way because we should have won. I know. We should. Well, like we left some plays on the field, Like we might think that way if we were younger, but at this age, it's important to have that perspective. If one event doesn't go your way, you don't need to lose your cool, you don't need to Shove a raf.


Shove a raf. You don't need to attack anybody. It's important to know like, hey, it's just a game. Right. So it's just a game. We had fun. We're all winners in my book. And, and I, I'm glad that we can look back on this week all of us and say we take pride in how we compete. Right. I loved our Team. I did too. I team I with our team all day. Same. Even though we came up short the same teams next year. Yeah. It was so much Fun though, because part of me, like when I, you know, I think, I believe I broke my toe. I just wanna put that out there. Yeah. Well you went to the infirmary at summer camp. Yeah. We've been here for 48 hours and you had to go see the nurse. So after the nurse, after Will left the table, the nurse came up to me and she was like, so I asked him what activities he was planning on doing later on in the day. And he said, I played in the NFL for 10 years.


And she's like, why did he tell me that That is not How it went. That was, that's what she said. I said, Are You calling the nurse a liar? No. The nurse is a liar. About what? She said, You don't respect first Respondence. She said, she said, what'd you do? And Garrett, he had the camera on me. So I'm like making Garrett laugh, thinking she's gonna laugh. So I took it as what do you do? And I was like, oh, I played nine years in the NFL bounced around. I was like bouncing around a few teams, but, and then I was like, oh, I'm just fucking with you. We're about to do swimming games. That's interesting. Because she said, she said you told her. But she had like a weird kind of like reaction where I was like, okay, I guess that one didn't land. Well She said you told her 10 years. You just said nine. Maybe I said it that you never, You never know how you round up. You round up Basically. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got as close as you can to 10 years without having 10 years.


That's You kissed the wall. That's a Fact. I got as close as you Can. Yeah. You couldn't have gotten any closer. You could not have gotten close. We saw the tape of you dropping those balls in Atlanta. Yeah. I mean art, he clipped that up. Yeah. That was the one drop I had. Well, there I think there was a couple drops. Should, I don't know if there's two. Hey, listen, they, there's a reason why you play defense. Yes. You're not supposed to catch the ball. You're not there to catch the ball. Yeah. Are you, are you excited for football season? Oh yeah. I mean, of course. Do You, do you It's it's the best sport in the world. It it is. But do you, do you have, now that you've been out for what, two years now? Yeah. Wait, Well like a year and a half. A year And a half. Yeah. Yeah. Are there any like, moments where, like, is there a training camp like, damn, I wish I was with the boys A little bit.


I mean, we went to, Instead you're, you're playing swimming games with white swimming sox, Dave to the pave White Sox, Dave and Jay. Jay is literally your coach. Yeah. And that's what you're dealing, It's like, how you feeling today? I'm like, I'm gonna figure out how to go. By The way, there, there's no worse coach or captain than than Steven Cha. Oh my God. Because he has no confidence in himself or in anybody. He'll come up to you and you can put your chest on you. You can be like, I'm ready to go in the kayak cha. And he's like, are you sure? He, He, there was a moment yesterday where he was like, I didn't realize he was standing like basically right next to me. And someone asked me how it was going and I was like, Cha's the fucking worst. And he goes, what? And I, and I turned and I was like, oh, I didn't see you there. I said, Cha's the fucking worst.


And he is like, fair. It's Fair. Yeah. Do you miss it at all? Yeah, I do every now and then. But it's like, again, playing the games and everything out here, you truly realize, like, I see when I see the hits that happen, I, I just think to myself, I have no clue how I was out there doing that. Yeah. What was the hardest you ever got hit? Man, it was this all pro cat, I forget his name, but number 76 or 78 for the Saints. And it was my second year or third year. And they ran this, like, they ran this dip plate to where they pulled a couple guys outside and I just fucking took off. 'cause you know, you're thinking I gotta get to them before they see me or get to me first before they turn their shoulders.


And I ran into this cat and he caught me just at the very end. And he didn't like do a whole lot to me, but he felt like I ran into a fucking brick wall. And I drop, like literally right when I hit him, I lost all feeling in my legs. And like my, my arms were kind of out wide and I was still trying to lean and I just go down and I can't like stand up. 'cause I hear him on the way, like as he put me on the ground, he looks back, he's like, night night motherfucker. And I was Trying to like get up to like, say something back, like say like a joke back. But I couldn't stand up. Everybody's like, Hey, stay down, stay down. And I just didn't have any like, feeling in my limbs for a minute. How long was that? How long did you not have feeling?


I don't know. Probably like five seconds. That's scary As fuck. I'm sure. Yeah. I mean it was like everything went stiff, but I like on the ground I'm coming together. But you kind of feel like that baby deer trying to stand up. You like can't get your bearings underneath you. And then, you know, you go out, then you get right back in. You love the game. Do the same thing on the next play. It's like, I guess I gotta do this again. I go side to side and you just be like, Hey, I'm good man. I'm solid. I'm Out there. Get me back out there. Now Will Was a beast. I, I did love watching Will play when he was a, you were a Redskin, right? Not a football team. Yeah. You were A Redskin. Yeah, I was a Redskin. Loved watching you on that team. Captain Will, captain Compton. Good story. Who are, who do you root For more? Because you played on, let's see if we can name the Will Compton teams. It's just the, the Redskins one.


My sneak by you Redskins. Titans. Raiders Saints. Yeah. Are You on the Saints? I was on the Saints for a cup of coffee. Yeah. And Falcons for the drop pass. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Almost Falcons. Almost almost Falcons Got you got a workout sleeveless shirt, right? Yeah. Did you get to shirt, took a picture Or did they say like, put it back in? No, We're gonna watch this. They actually, when we went there in, in the spring, they let us put on gear and stuff for photos. But they're like, Hey, do you mind putting, putting everything back? Yeah. That's the last time you came. Yeah. But, so yeah. Do you root for one of those teams or or do you have like a, another squad? I don't know Man. Like each, each of the teams I played for, I mean outside of the Saints 'cause I just wasn't there very long.


But like the Raiders, titans and, and Commanders, I want 'em to do well 'cause it'd be, it'd be, it's cool to root for them. But the NFL is such a business to where like, once you're removed from and you understand how the, the machine works, it's like you're more tied to players than you are the actual logo. Yeah. Like I want the, I want Washington to do well. 'cause it was like the spot that where everything basically happened for me. It's like I wanted the, I want the Titans do well. 'cause you, I still know a few guys and then the Raiders. It's like you still got some players over there that I play with like Max that you're just like, yeah, you want the silver and black to do well. 'cause Yeah, That would be a weird moment when you, there's no teammates left. Yeah. That will, it was a weird moment in Nebraska when I realized I didn't know anybody Right.


In the locker room anymore. Right. And I kind of feel weird going back. Right. But now that I'm this far removed from football, I find myself being immersed more as a fan. Like I was when I was young. Big Season coming up. Yeah. For the corn Huskers. Yeah. I dare I say make or break. I actually think you guys would be good. 'cause Matt rule everywhere he's gone, his second year has been phenomenal. Yeah. I feel really good about the Huskers. Okay. I like their schedule. Yeah. They're over under seven and a half. I think that is, I think that is hot. Get Those first seven. I think you need to get that. I think you need to jump on that. They just named Ola the starter. Yeah. Honestly, man, I think that they could, I think that they could compete this year.


What does that mean? What Does that Yeah, I Think they could go 10 and two. Whoa. I mean, are you're talking about maybe sneaking into a playoff spot? Yeah. 10 and two. Yeah. You gotta think about it when you, we, if we're going into Ohio State, we're seven and oh This is how many times have you done this exercise? And it actually worked out that Way. Yeah, I know. 'cause I, I understand the, the history, the recent history of Nebraska to where it's like all these guys are delusional, but there's something about this year, man. But the fact that you said if, if we get to Ohio State, I Gotta find the clips where you said exactly that. The Fact that you said, think about it. We, we could be going into Ohio, Ohio State and we're seven and oh, you're kind of admitting that Ohio, Ohio state's about to kick your ass.


They could, but I think that would be good for us. You think so? Yeah. Obviously I'm talking way unto the future. Like it's happening. But number one, like yeah. If, if I'm trying to be, you know, everybody's like, oh, we'll be realistic. Trust me, I want say 12 and oh, but if I'm one gonna have some type of credibility in saying it, it's like, Well I don't, I don't think If you have, I don't think you should have to worry about credibility. You know, you know what I'm saying? Okay. But listen, we do, we do this. We don't have credibility. You're right. You're Right. There's no reason to pretend have credibility People, the people, the, the the fan bases that you're a part of. Like if I'm just saying 12.0, it's like, oh, you know, comp he, yeah, Maybe throw 11 and One. But If you say 10 and two, a couple people are like, I mean It sounds realistic. Well, and also you could, they, you, you, the the trick is to do the, the like a couple different versions.


You know what I mean? Like when people ask me like, what do you think about this bear season? I'm like, nine, 10 wins. And they're like, what about the best? I'm like 12, 13. Like, you just throw a couple different numbers, get a little, get a little cloudy in everywhere. Everyone's like, well what'd he say? And it's like, well I kind of covered all my bases. That's the key. Yeah. It's, I'm fired up though. I think Rael is gonna be a stud. We returned most of the black shirts top defense last year. Last year we were five and seven. We had four one score losses. Yeah. And in that Michigan game, if that fourth and one goes different, you probably win that game You lost at 42 to seven. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And they knew our signs. So they don't know. Then we stop.


True Game. A Different Story. I gotta say Will, I was very excited to go to Nebraska and maybe it's 'cause the team like that game was just not really competitive. I, I know where you're going with this and Trust me. But that was tough. That crowd was like, they died In the second Series. It just felt like, it, it felt like one of those crowds where it's like they just had been, they just expect the bad thing to happen and they just can never fully get into it. And I know that like if they, if they rattle off some wins this year, they're an unbelievable fan base. No one, everyone knows that they sell out everything sell out the spring game. But I was like, damn, what is going on Here bro? I'm with you, man. It's like when I think it was they scored, they that long drive and then like the a pass got tipped.


The very first player or second plane, they picked it. Yeah. And then when you need the, the crowd to be involved, the defense getting back out there on some third and shorts. Like you need the, the fan element to like, hey, settle for a field goal, Ben, don't break. And then you go back and tell the offense, Hey, we got you. Right. Go back out there, clean that one off. But instead it's dead. They drive and score and then it is like, oh, now this shit's About to turn. And then, and then, and then it's like, what, 21 Nothing. And you gotta go out in the fucking T-shirt. That was, And you looked like that was Awful. That started the game. They were like, Hey, start of second quarter, you want hit the T-shirt can. I was like, oh, hell yeah. That would be awesome. And when we started to get handled, bro, I'm like, this sucks. I I'm gonna have to go out here and just fake it.


Like, hey, Let's get smiling. Let's get, That's a very, very sad T-shirt can Yeah. They gotta move that up to like, he was on a little Thing too. There's like a little buggy or something. Yeah. I don't even know what it Was. Dude. It was awesome. but it was like, oh fuck, this is gonna look ridiculous. One cool thing about Nebraska and college football, I don't know if you've seen this map, but this is the percentage of people who live in certain parts of the country that actively watch college football and If. you look at the hotspots on the map, the entire state of Nebraska. Yeah. What Alabama might have us. It looks like Alabama maybe, but like Nebraska, it starts and ends on the border of the state. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's like once you cross this line, yeah. You have to care about college football.


It's Oxygen out there man. Well I like that sense. It's oxygen out there. It's oxygen out there. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, listen, I want Nebraska to be good. It'd be fun. They're one of the teams Which you take in seven and a half over under. I'd have to look at the whole Schedule. I mean, I like Will Let's pull it up. Pull it Up. I'm getting talked into it. Just Max give Us the whole schedule. Will Sounds like he, he Means game by game. Now listen, I don't think the Badgers are gonna be that great this year. We have a really tough schedule and kind of a, you know, I think they're gonna be, I think this is gonna sound like loser talk, but I think you understand what I'm saying. I think they're gonna be a better team than they were last year. They might not have a better record. Yeah. 'cause you guys have a Tough schedule because it's like we have a, we we have To because I think fickle I think he'll be, yeah, I think he's gonna be Solid and we have to play Alabama non-conference, Penn State, Oregon.


Like it's a brutal schedule. USC. So like they could end up, the badges could end up being like seven and five. But I'd be like, I'm excited about the future. Yeah, let's Go. Yeah. And I'm with you. Let's go Through it one at a time and we'll give instant reaction. Win loss. Me or Just you guys. They have the easiest schedule in September, Nebraska, home against utep Win Easy Home against Colorado. Win. Ooh Dion. Dion. Home Against northern Iowa. Win Home against Illinois. SMAs a fucking Salty Motherfucker. Illinois is a sneaky team. Yeah. Yeah they are. I'm gonna I'm gonna say Ty. Ty, okay.


Ty is good. Okay. Road. Purdue. That's, That's also another one. Yeah. That's a tough, well no because I feel like Purdue will use their crazy good game at home against a better team in Nebraska. If what Nebraska might be ranked if they're four and Oh, so that could be their, Their four. Oh. Or The three Oh and One one. Yeah. That's a, that's a, that's a win Home against Rutgers. So many home games. Yeah's A one out West win. But Rutgers also gonna be salty. Some good teams Rode against Indiana. Lost Win. Did you know that we were playing the Indiana Sign Netti? Yeah. Win. I know that's your boy that's On the fly Here.


The go. Yeah. Here comes the go. You know what? That that, that's gonna be a game that's actually Nebraska against JMU because Indiana got all of her best players and they got her coach. So that's me versus you right there. Yeah. When you were talking about on the plane, I was cur I'm like, do we play Indiana this year? 'cause if so, like I'm, I'm assuming PFT thinks that they'll beat us. Yeah. Indiana's gonna win that game. Ready for the gauntlet. Yeah. Yeah. Road against the Buckeye. Loss. Loss Home against UCLA Win. Yeah. Road against USC loss Loss Home against Wisconsin Loss. Okay. Here's the thing. Like I said, Wisconsin's, I, I don't think they're gonna be great this year.


Wisconsin handles Nebraska. That game came down to the Wire Last year. I'm not even, but what's the record? Yeah. When you look, what's the record? You know, Wisconsin, Nebraska, what's, and you know, look up Wisconsin versus Nebraska. You know, you know, You know what you're doing right now too. Yeah. No, I'm not, I'm just looking. I'm asking for the record. I think it's like 10 and one. Yeah, no doubt. I mean, when you took me on that walk with the fart video last year, you were kind of saying what the, the recency was. It's 10 and one. That was a close game last year. You guys should probably won that game. When you say Wisconsin handles, you're just talking in the scope of like their overall record of all time Against Nebraska. Since Nebraska's been in the Big 10, you're saying you have been our bitch. That's a fact. Fact or fiction?


What's the record Total? It's Wisconsin 13, Nebraska four. Okay. But what about in the last, since the Big 10? 'cause I don't know you, they probably got a couple wins when they did steroids back 10 and one. I That's crazy. I knew that you knew that 10 and one you fucking did. Thank you for fact. Checking boys. Yeah. Yeah. That'll be a good game. That Be a good game. You got, you guys got our Number? No, that'll be a good game. I'll, I'll be very interested to see. 'cause I, it'll be a big test for Wisconsin. Yeah. And then the last game of the season is on the road, Iowa Let's loss. We gotta control the border, man. Do You get, do you get mad when Iowa beats you? Because it's like, that's what we should be doing. Yeah. You might be the only person who's like Envious.


No, that's more me. Nebraska at their height is better than Wisconsin and Iowa. Iowa and Wisconsin are kind of like, when Iowa beats us, I'm like, what the fuck? 'cause like we should be able to beat teams with punting and, and running the ball. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It pisses me off. Yeah. It's all of it too, right? Like this Iowa win the brass of similar states. Yeah. But I just get pissed because it's like the Iowa team last year is basically everybody in that division, but they just happen to win 10 games, you know what I mean? And then you got what's his name? Butter Bean out there beating you, making, throwing dimes against your defense and you're just thinking, how in the fuck does this guy beat us? Yeah. Yeah. Do You think that Matt rule's the kind of coach though?


That like, if, if shit goes bad, is Matt rule a guy that's gonna like turn it around? I think so. He literally just it around the DN Yeah. Yeah. I I mean you, I think it's, you came across as speeches I'm sure. And I feel like, like, you know, I'm sure nobody's out there watching Nebraska hard knocks. But they do have some, some nice training camp episodes out right now on YouTube. But the way he, the way he interacts with the guys, the words he has to say, he always feels like he has the right thing to say at the right time. I Think his, I think both in, at Temple and Baylor, his second years, he won 10 games. Ah, is it? I I thought the first year was like, One second year was like, like seven or eight and then he's double And then, yeah. Yeah, yeah. But either way he's a turnaround guy. Yeah. Like big time. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think he's definitely the guy.


Yeah. I think he's definitely the guy. And You didn't say that about Scott Frost And if he's not, I mean there were a couple. Yeah. We thought Scott Frost was the guy. Yeah, that's that's A weird position. I wanted him Scott Frost season in too, because he's like hometown boy coming back. He was part of the squad in the Nineties. Yeah. Yeah. So he's like a legend. And then he comes back and then he stinks as a coach. Like, is he, does he feel like he's not part of Nebraska anymore? I don't Know. I think that would be a good question for him. 'cause I get curious of that too. It's like, man, it's gotta Affect you. You at the height, everything. How you doing? Yeah. Just being like, Hey man, you feel, you still feel like you're part of Big Red. Okay, I'll I can do that. True. Right now. How are you gonna phrase it?


I'm gonna say what you just said. You're gonna ask him if he Feels like he's a part of Big Red. Yeah. Maybe throw in like a I hope you know you are. Yeah, yeah. You know, just so he like feels that way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So what, what would you, what as She be like, Hey, I'm having a debate with the boys. I do you still feel like you're part of Big Red? I hope you know you are. That's a good way to do it. Also, what do you think about jj, What do you think about the Laker side of JJ Reddick? Thoughts on JJ Reddick? I mean, I'm just, I even as crazy as you've been. I I actually do think like for the first time will, I'm actually on your side because every year that you've done the Nebraska, like where this year's different, I'm like, this guy's crazy.


It's going to end up in the same spot. This is the first year where I'm like, he, he actually has a little merit. Like I think they're gonna be a pretty good team. I think they're gonna go to a bowl game for the first time in forever. How long has it been the bull drought? Oh, It's, oh well has it been over a decade? It Has. It really Might have been Palini. It's been bad. Was Palini the last one or did Mike? No, Mike Re that was the weirdest Hire ever. I think Riley, he started like six or seven. Seven and Oh yeah. Until it was a similar schedule. Then were Gone. You guys, you guys did the same thing that Wisconsin did. Gary Anderson was our weird hire where you hire someone in Mike re say Utah State and Oregon State. Was Mike re like hiring someone from the West Coast being like, Yeah, come coach ball a d like just Like you, like it made no sense.


None. None. And he, you know, we don't, I don't have to, I don't, I don't have to throw shit on on Mike Riley. He seems like a great guy. Do You have, do you wanna text him and ask him if he's still Part? Don't have, don't his. I don't have his because that now the point that the time that he was there is like, you know, your staff gets fired and, and then when he was transitioning, that last group of seniors was the very last class that was around. Yeah. So that was the time where I didn't you almost everything kind of felt weird. Was he driving A Tesla? Might've been. Or Not. Maybe it was ride Bike. He riding for a Tesla. But it was like a Subaru or something. I was a problem. This isn't a, this isn't a Nebraska. Maybe Like a pri Yeah. It Seems like Yeah. Something like You judge a lot of by a football coach based on what car he drives. Yeah. I could tell you how many games he's gonna win. Yeah.


Like Andy Reed probably has a, a truck from 1996. Yeah. Or even a minivan. Yeah. He could have a minivan For sure. Minivan would be good. Yeah. Matt rule in a minivan would be kind of weird. I wonder what Coach Re does drive Over lot. He drives a truck for Sure. He has to. He's a truck guy. Absolutely. He's a Chevy guy. Drives truck. Yeah, he's a Chevy guy. Yeah. There's no doubt. Yeah. Alright. Anything else will. No, you guys are, We're gonna see you a bunch more because you be in the office. I'm, I'm excited for football. So you be in the office week, Dude. Football show is gonna be fun watching gambling with the boys. Yeah. We gotta get in on some action. You had a clip that was out the other day talking about like, you know, the whole, it's not about winning and losing, but having fun with your boys. Yeah. If. you guys just put your money in one thing and you're all rooting for it.


Dude, I can't Wait for that. I, I say it all the time and I know like people like, oh, this loser talk. 'cause you know, everyone online is hitting 65% of their bets somehow and, and knows the outcome after the game. But to me, obviously you bet you know what you think, but there's no better feeling than when you're sitting down watching a game with all your friends and you're all like, alright, what's not, what do we like? Yeah. And everyone's like, all right, we like this. And then you're all in it together and it's just like, we're pulling up for this together. It's just the best feeling. Yeah. I fucking love it. What's gonna be your first prop bet on Thursday? Because you got the, you got the first game.


No, no. Right? No. Ravens Chiefs. Yep. Is that one on Thursday? Yeah. Ravens Chiefs. Okay. Bears played noon on, on first week one against Titans. Was it Sunday? Yeah, Sunday against Titans. I'm off On it. You know what I love? Here's, here's what I'm putting my money on this year. I'm gonna go big on this kind of a sharp play. Kansas City Chiefs over 11 and a half wins. Yeah. How? Oh yeah. Here we go.


Rollback. Question ROBC k.com. Promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. Queefs Polos, hoodie joggers, shorts. Thank you for bringing that up. PFT because God damn, were you so stupid about the Chiefs last year? Why did you Do that in hindsight? Just like you just said. Yeah. The guys 65%, you know the Outcome. But that's, but that's the one guy. But that's the one guy. You said they weren't gonna make the Playoffs. That was my hot take. Wait, that take's gotta be hot. Right? And they should all be hot. And And that's one it's Thought and I remember so vividly after week one when they lost the lions. When they lost to the Lions. Like, I'm telling you, I am the fucking smartest man alive. Alive. I'm telling, I'm telling you this, the year where they start to go down. Well there's good, there has to be one person every year that has that take. It's the same, it's the same person that was like, this is the year that Tom Brady Falls. Cliff falls Off. Yeah. And Father Time catches up. Right, right, right. There's always somebody that's out there being like, I don't believe in the Chiefs anymore. There's, it's, it's gonna be a lot harder to not believe in the Chiefs this year, But in the take game. Like those are the certain, there's certain teams you just don't like I would never be like, oh, the Chiefs are gonna suck this year. You, because it's just like, you just, it's Patrick Holmes where chiefs fans giving you a lot of shit. You don't think, oh, they give me shit all the time. It's, yeah. I get it's like it's fun now to do. Yeah. Yeah. But you don't think the, that division Raiders, Broncos Chargers, Yeah. Are gonna be Chargers will be better for sure. I no, I don't think that division's gonna give them any problems. I'm This year not too worried about the Are you crazy? Are you doing this again? Are you doing it again? I mean, I'm doing it again, but I like, I'm I'm You're doing it again. 12 wins over A, no, I don't think so. You're Doing this again. Will I think that division's gonna be scrappy, top To bottom. Will's doing it again. Yeah. Will, what are you talking about? Scrappy. Top to bottom. So I'm telling You what, you have 10 wins. Nine will, I think they make the wins. Will, will. I Think they, I think, I think they make the playoffs as a wild time. I think they make the playoffs. I don't think they win the division. Well. Oh, will, oh, will, will, will. Okay. Talk. I love this. I love Will dude Will's that mouse that keeps going back and, and touching the electric Thing's. Like we I'm gonna get this cheese next time. Yeah. We were literally just talking about it. You just, you just did it again. Yeah. But man, and you, I know deep in that brain, you're like, yeah, it could be a scrappy division, top to bottom. You're gonna feel it Could be interesting. You're Gonna feel so smart though. If it hits, I think the Chargers will be, 'cause I believe in Harbaugh will be better, but I I don't think they're there. They're, they have, they're doing a full roster overhaul. I think the Raiders are gonna be better. Herbert? Yeah. Mahomes. Bo Nix Mahomes. You didn't Hear that going to miss you, Bro. You're tick took a second Mahomes, Bro. I'm telling you. I think It just, it's just my, that's just Why do you hate the Chiefs? I don't hate the Chiefs. No, it feels personal. Feels like you, it feels like you hate the Chiefs as much as Max hates JJ Reddick. I In your, in your brief time in Las Vegas, did you develop that hatred for the Chiefs? No. Not like that. I think it, it just developed over, like it's starting there. But I didn't hate the Chiefs. You just knew that that was a big rivalry. It sounds like a guy who hates the Chiefs. The Chiefs. No, I don't hate the Chiefs. Yeah. Lot of, lot of good friends on that team. Oh, like who? Harrison Buckner. Bucker Buckner. Wow. Good friend. Yeah, Good friend. Great friend. Oh, Travis Kelsey. He dropped A fire quote about Winston Churchill the other day though. He did like, he did an NFL kicker is like, yeah, I'm, I'm just like Winston Churchill. Yeah. Oh man. I know, I know. All right, Well Willie, you're the best. We'll see you again soon. He'll be on again this fall. Great job. Great. Listen, great week. I said that we I'd this go to war with you guys. I'd go to war with you guys any day of the week, even though we fell up short. Fell a little short. It's okay. The backstroke. And you were, I mean you downplay yourself all the time. I think it's just part of the, part of the bag you try to work with. But you Were, I did have the, we, we were, it was a moment where Will Taylor and I, Taylor was on the other team. Will Taylor and I were in our cabin right before we were heading out and I was just like, man, I feel like I'm like 50% at tops right now and Will just turns to me after we walked out. He is like, that was so smart. We used dude. Oh, will do you, do you secretly miss just like after, you know, after we're done today we go, we eat dinner, we hang out, socialize a little bit outside, maybe hit the showers, but we're all not showering together in a big open area. All butt naked looking at each other. Does that, do you miss that at all? In NFL training camp. Oh, will showers with his shorts on. He does. That's a fact. Yeah. Yeah. That was, I was Talking to Will about that yesterday though. It, it is kind of weird that after practice Oh yeah, after games in the NFL they're like, oh okay boys pack it up and then they all just take all their clothes off. Yeah. And shower next to the We do. Yeah. Yeah. And you got that nickname. I mean, I miss being in the locker room. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And some of them shower conversations, man. That's when it gets, it gets, Yeah, that's when it gets real. Yeah. The scrim nickname. But you own it Dego sri Shit. Oh. Who the hell are you in here talking about today? Yeah, they must be call me Jumbo. Yeah, that's Cool. Yeah. It's All you can eat. Yeah. Alright. Thank you Will appreciate you guys. You're the best. You know what we need to get more of off our ass.


Will Compton was brought to you by the one drink that will get you off your ass. That's Mountain Dew. We love Mountain Dew. Been drinking it all week here. Got the Baja Blast in a can. We got code red, we got the original, we got zero sugar. We're fueled up on Mountain Dew with bold flavors and refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew will get you off your ass. Have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain. A mountain where the weather's always perfect. Your friends are ready to hang. And a day of epic proportions await. We were playing some softball the other day, drinking Mountain Dews in between innings. I could have been out in the outfield drinking Mountain Dew in one hand catching Hank's popups with my other hand. It was a great game. You remember that game of softball? Big Cat was lighting it up from the mound. Absolutely. Lights out. Twirled the gym out there. Hank Was mad that he couldn't pitch like I Can. Doesn't sound like Hank. But anyways, we were all refreshed. We were all feeling good because of Mountain Dew. The mountain's calling you should answer. Grab your friends, grab an ice cold Mountain Dew wherever refreshing beverages are sold and do the do.


He was also brought to you by our great friends over at Verizon. I'm excited. For the best time of year guys, football season Verizon can help you win Sunday and be fully prepared for watching football with NFL Sunday Ticket. Meaning you get your favorite teams outta market games every Sunday afternoon after the move to Chicago. I use the NFL Sunday ticket because I watch every Sunday Commander's game on my own terms. I can keep up with my team from afar, can watch the commander's games right at home or on the go with my phone. Don't need to go out to bars to catch the game. We can watch it because of Sunday ticket. It relies on NFL Sunday ticket to get to the commander's games that I want, I need and I can't live without. Now you can get NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube TV to keep up with all your favorite teams and out of market games on Sunday afternoon too. Get an awesome deal on NFL Sunday Ticket from YouTube with Verizon.


And now here's Sam Morell. And now for something completely different. Okay, we now welcome on a recurring guest, a little bit of a better setting than last year when he was on. It is Comedian Sam. Morril. Sam, first of all, welcome to the new office. We promised you last time you were here we were in like a closet. Yeah. That we'd be in a little bit of a better spot. So here we are. This is crazy. Yeah. But congrats. Great to have you. I Think last time there was a, a toilet that was flushing in the background the entire time. Yeah, That's right. Yeah. We Had a pipe running through our studio, so whenever somebody would flush upstairs, we would just get a big dump going through our studio. Oh. It was a dark time for us. Yeah. We just like, there was a couple guests that came through and were like, we swear, like we didn't move to Chicago for this, and now we're Here.


So No, this is insane. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty, it's pretty nice. So you have a new special out on Amazon. Yeah. And you were saying to me earlier, your new special's out, but now you have to get a new special. Yeah. And that's the hard part about comedy. It never goes away, man. It's painful. Yeah. It's like you people are like, oh my God, you have, you have a new hour out. I'm like, yeah, cool. I have to start at fucking zero. Yeah. Yeah. You're just like in the, you know, you're just in it. You feel like you're in spring training, you're just outta shape and shitty and you're like, no, I swear I'm good at this. But then they come out and I'm like, it's gonna be all new shit. Yeah. Yeah. Do Do you ever get a moment to be like, oh, that was awesome. I'm gonna take some time to enjoy that. No. Well, You're addicted to comedy. Yeah. You have an actual, like an addiction.


Yeah. It's hard. It's hard to, I, I really don't really, I'm not good at celebrating ever. I'm not, I was never like a birthday guy. I was never like, oh, this is awesome. No, I, I, I like the grind of, of starting a zero back on the road and just having to, having to build it again. Yeah. It's humbling. It keeps you like from being a piece of shit. Wait, so You didn't celebrate the Amazon special coming out for even like a week? No, no. I What Are you doing it For? I was getting too frustrated. They were just turning down. They, they, every time I'd be like, Hey, they'd be like, what, what should we market your clip as? And everything they'd suggested be would be like, well that's not a joke. Oh. They'd be, it'd be like a setup. And they'd be like, that's, that's it. And I'm like, no, here's nine options.


And they were like, none of those work. Yeah. And I was like, what do you mean? They're like, what's a bad representation of Amazon? And I was like, well, it's on Amazon. Yeah. You know, and then I'd see like what they would post. Otherwise it'd be like, homeland from the boys sucking on a woman's breast. Or I'd be like, this is okay. And You gotta be careful 'cause like whatever they choose to market your standup with, that's what people are gonna see. Yeah. And then they'll assume that's the entire thing. Like Netflix, they put out a bad clip of Joe Rogan. Yeah. And everyone's like, Joe Rogan is the worst per, he's, he's the worst standup comedian ever. And so it's just like what they market you as is not always what's contained in the special. It's Usually like someone 22 fresh outta college who's like, you know, like, this should be like an important job. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, so you're, you're, did you also get almost called a pedophile?


Not, not to my knowledge. I was Say, wait, no, there was some, one of your jokes I feel like went viral and people were like, this guy, huh? Recently maybe I'm pedophile. Yeah. Maybe it wasn't pedophile That a new I I've never heard it. No. It's Probably, yeah. Probably for the best. I can't remember. Someone maybe posted one of your jokes and everyone was like, trying to take it outta context and it was like, well, this is bullshit. Like, he's a comedian. That's the Hard thing with those clips. Right. 'cause it's like you put 'em on social media, it's like, it's like a comedy club where someone's opening the door and being like, that's fucked up. Yeah. Right. Well, it's not for you obviously. Right? No, I don't, I've, I've definitely have a lot of PTO jokes. That was a bad question by me being like, Hey, did you get accused of being a pedophile? My bad. Now, Now, now this is gonna get, what would you respond part of Like some Yeah.


At least video. Yeah. At least address it. Hypothetically, What would your response be if somebody were to accuse you of being a pedophile? Sam? I would say Kevin Spacey was exonerated. Maybe I'll have similar luck. I don't, yeah. I don't, I have a lot. I definitely had a lot of pto. I did joke back in the day about how like, the best thing about pedophile jokes is like, no one ever gets offended. Yeah. 'cause no one's gonna be like, no one's gonna stand up in the crowd. Like, that's, that's enough. Right. You know what I mean? No one's standing up for them. I had a lot of PTO jokes in my last special, I don't know if I had any in this one. Did Amazon say like, let's not include those in the clips. They asked me not to include one joke in the special. They asked me to cut one joke. And I, I, you know, my friends are like, dude, fuck that shit. You're an artist. I'm like, what are you talking about? Like, I, I get the joke back.


Yeah. Right. I was like, thrilled. It was a, I opened on a joke that was like, my friend, I text her, she was pregnant. I said, congrats on the baby. She just had a baby. And she sent me back a picture of her breastfeeding. I was like, oh, okay. And then she was sorry if that's like the female equivalent of a dick pic. And I was like, I think it'd be way worse. I send you a picture of a baby sucking my pee. And that was my first joke. I just thought it was like a quick fun joke. And they were like, can, can you not open on that? And I was like, well, it's kind of hard to move it. Yeah. Hard to put it in like the middle of the special. Yeah. So then that was an issue. And then I was just like, I'll just keep it. I'll just, yeah. Yeah. That's a bonus that, yeah. There must be just one less joke that you have to write when you're talking about new material. Right. I know. Yeah. That's the tough thing.


But I mean, look, they didn't, they didn't ask me to cut anything real. They were just like, this will fuck it up in the algorithm. Like, people will get, it's so funny. You're like, they Always can say that algorithm. I know. Like, anytime anyone, they're just like, oh yeah, well, we gotta do this for the algorithm. I'm like, okay. I know. Sure. Take your shirt off and make this, you know, TikTok video for the algorithm. All Right. That's Bert, right? Yeah. Right. It is like, get in the algorithm. It Must also be weird taping a special and like, you tape it and you know that it was good. You're happy with your performance, but then you have to wait and be like, well, I don't know if the actual standup special is gonna be good. Because there's so much else that goes into like, putting out like a video of your performance than actually just doing the performance live. Right. I felt Good about it. We did four shows, which is stu it's a huge waste of money.


But I, I liked, I did seven when I did one in Chicago. I'm a, I'm a psycho. Wow. I'll just keep taping. I'm like, no, let's just keep taping them. I'm just watching money just disappear from my account. But I'm like, nah, it'll be cool. Just keep taping it. And yeah. By, by the fourth one I knew we had a good moment too, where a woman, I didn't want heckler, but like, if someone heckled, I, I didn't wanna put any crowd work in the actual special, 'cause there's so much crowd work on the internet right now. And I was like, I'm just gonna do start to finish jokes. And, but one woman heckled a joke and I was like, I kind of gotta keep this in. 'cause it was a quick moment. But I just said the words Fox News and she was like, boo. And I was like, A joke is coming. It's not like, joke Not coming. I'm just gonna say the words Fox News. And then she was like, I'm sorry.


And I was like, hold on. I've never heard a woman say that before. Lemme take that in. So that was like a fun quick one. Yeah. But I'm like, I'm not going to, I didn't want crowd work in the special. Yeah. What is it about heckler's? What, what's the mentality of somebody that goes to a comedy show and is like, you know what, now is my time to chip in? It's a good question. I mean, alcohol, maybe, maybe just that you, you know, you're that person. I think you probably lack a self-awareness and maybe your group of friends around you is always like, egging. Like you're that person. There's like a weird thing of someone's like, well, I, I tell it like it is. I'm like, well, that's not a talent. Anyone do that. An asshole. Yeah. The person who's like, I said it, I'm like, anyone can say it. Yeah. Yeah. Say it cleverly. Yeah. You know, I just wonder if those people, if they're like that every single show they go to, or if something snaps I and they're like, I can't hold back anymore.


I think it's also like I, I know 'cause I've, I've seen Shane do a couple shows and I think that there's, and this is a, a good thing that you want your, your fans to feel this affinity towards you. But I think a lot of heckler show up. They're being like, I'm gonna make Shane Gillis laugh. Yeah. And you're like, well you're probably not. Because he is very, very funny. And also he's doing a show, but like, in their head they're like, this is my moment. Yeah. I'm gonna make him laugh and then we're gonna be best friends. Totally. Yeah. Shane is, you know, you might make him laugh at the bar afterwards, but on stage. Right. Shane is like, his fans are also probably just all guttural alcoholics, you know? Yeah. Shane's insanely funny. But his fans Shane drinks heavily. Yeah. And like, Oh, we've been, we've been with him many times.


It's, It's like a video game when I see him. Just like how Do I get around Shane without getting blackout drunk. Yeah. And I lose most times. But I saw him in Nashville just recently. I was passing through Nashville. He was at some, I was at some Post Malone concert. It was really fun. I see Shane, he's like, your beer looks light. I'm like, it's not like a See-through. You don't know it's light. But he just assumes, he's like, have another beer. And I'm like, I'm hungover. I've been, I flew in that day. I'm like, alright, I've won. He's like, he just keeps an eye on everybody. Yeah. He's like making sure he's like a fucking bad cop. Well, The, the we, we did, he did a case race with us on the yak. And I made the mistake of just being like, oh, I, I think like you and I will be like the two heavy hitters. It was like dissing Jordan. Like, he was just like, oh yeah.


And then he like took it per he afterwards he is like, yeah, he shouldn't have said that. 'cause he just dominated everyone. Yeah. And he was like, yeah, I probably shouldn't have. That was a mistake. He Puts him back. Yeah. It's impressive. I like that. He is like A coach. He sees people that aren't drinking enough. He and he's like a football guy. He is a football player. So he just gives you tough love. He's like, come on pussy. Yeah. Let's go one more rep. Yeah. Get it in. It was brutal. It was him and Joe DeRosa who were just both Joe's 46. Joe's gotta slow down. Joe's like that dude. He like, you know that friend who's like kind of happy to be at a funeral because it's an excuse to do shots. Yeah. Or He's like, we gotta do this for Steve. I'm like, you fucking love this dude. Yeah. You love that he died. Yeah. You had To do this another party. Wait, how old are You? I'm 37. Okay, so you still got some I got a couple more years.


Yeah. but it's hurting. I'm hurting now. Yeah. I had a, some martinis last night with, with Krista Stefano. We're getting hammered at Shaw's crab house. He's with his family. We're just pounding martinis. He's like, let's go on a boat tour. So we're in, we're doing like a, and by the way, boat tour with a woman just narrating. So it's like her comedy show where she's like, don't interrupt me. No, no sound. And I'm like, so we just got drunk and we have to be quiet. Yeah. So now I'm in my head, I'm like, Hey, you can't, you gotta be respectful. That's her thing. Yeah. But we're just like staring at each other's shitfaced. Looking at your beautiful city. Yeah. That's Like, this is a mis both knowing it was a mistake to get on that boat. He had a great, I think he liked it. The Architecture tours are kind of cool Here. It's very cool. It's beautiful. Yeah. A lot of fun facts. It Was also perfect weather day.


Oh my God. You get One of those perfect. Like so good. Not too hot. It was like Chicago summer days. It Was like 10:00 PM It was late. Oh yeah. You guys, you guys went after dinner. Yeah. Jesus Christ. I didn't know they did night tours. Yeah. It Was cool. Check that out. It was very cool. So, so you are addicted to comedy. Have you taken any breaks? I did a little bit last year, but Which Is what, how long A week? It's fucking crazy. I I, it's so painful to get back into comedy. It's so to, to stop and then have to start again is so it's excruciating. I hate going on feeling weak as a comic. I like always knowing I'm in comedy shape and, and I like touring. I've talked to like legends in comedy who are like, you're burning yourself out.


Which is totally true. But like, what else am I gonna do? You know? I, I always wanted to make like a TV show or a movie I'm working on stuff like that. But in the meantime, like I want to go all I stan's my favorite thing to do. Yeah. I mean, I laugh at it, but also whenever we take like a week vacation, I'm like, I want to talk about sports. I know. Like, I get the itch where I'm like starting to go a little stir crazy in my brain where it's like I don't have this outlet and you can't relax for like, an extended period of time. Yeah. It, it's you, you've gone to this level because you guys are workaholics. Yeah. You don't get to where you got, you don't get this studio by being like, I'm going to Konos next week. No, you fucking work your ass off. I Did go to Konos this summer, but did You? Yeah. Alright. You guys are falling off.


But we, we Came back, we, we did tape while I was there to talk about NBA free agency. Yeah. That's cool. So there was that. So it's not really a full trip, but like, are you, do you think you're a workaholic in, in the true sense of the word? Like, no matter what you were doing, you would be like this? Or is it just comedy? Probably comedy. I really like what I do. So I'm, I'm pretty fortunate. Yeah. If I didn't, if I hated what I did, I would probably not be going crazy working at it. But I also, when people say workaholic, like, it's just hilarious to me. 'cause I'm like, I did two sets last Monday. It's like 15 minutes each. Yeah. Less than an hour day at Work. Our job is awesome. You're like, you're a fucking workaholic. Yeah. I'm like, I was home in an hour 15. Yeah. When I, when I say like, I'm a workaholic, it's like, oh, you did a a three hour video game stream.


Exactly. Like, yeah. I guess I am guilty as charged. My podcast is literally me getting shitfaced and and people are like, you had a hard day at work. Like, you, you work all day. I'm like, I was drunk with my friends. Yeah. Yeah. It's not all Rules. Yeah. That sounds fun. So you, you do, you tour a lot, you do a lot of shows. You're going to Europe, right? Yeah. Gonna Amsterdam Never been. It'll be fun. Only there at night. Unfortunately, we added a show. I can't believe that's the weird thing is like you undersell in some places and, and then plays like Amsterdam. We added a show. It's crazy. Do you have to like plan ahead to see 'cause they and Frank House, well Stand up comedy gotta get Tickets like six weeks out for that thing. I know. It's a Hot ticket. I don't wanna be calling my agent. You gotta get me in, dude. It is crazy. But like, when you're doing show, I would imagine that different audiences react differently to different jokes, right?


Yeah. When you're traveling overseas, there's also maybe a small language barrier sometime. Yeah. Do you have to think about which jokes like a, a Dutch audience is gonna be into Totally. Yeah. you don't, sometimes you can groom your set, you go all the way through it. And then by the way, groom that's gonna Here it, that's why pedophile Red flag. No. You go through it and then you don't realize till you're mid set and you're like, fuck. They don't have Panda Express in London. You know, you're just like, shit, I don't, I don't know that. So yeah. It's, it's stressful. you don't realize till midway through. But the, the shit that's universal is so funny. I had to joke in my special about like, like I went down a girl and it was, I, I didn't know how long I was down there, but it was at least 22 minutes.


'cause an entire episode of Frazier played in the background. And like, how, you know, I'm like, fucking Niles. Like, like I had a whole thing about that. And everyone like applauds. When I say Niles and Australia like, like Niles. Is that global? He's huge. Yeah. So it's funny the shit that people don't mix but then, or they don't catch, but then the stuff they do catch, you're like, wow, this is global. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. We gotta talk about your Knicks. Yeah. Dude, Dylan Brunson, I love him so much. I couldn't love a player more. I He clearly, like someone's paying him. Someone's paying him in New York City. I hope so. Yeah. There's gotta be something To leave that kind of money on the table. Like, dude, I, I was at so many games this year and like, I, I can't remember loving a player this much.


I mean, I love Starks and Ewing and Oak and, and the nineties Nicks so much Mason. But like, that team was lovable in like a way. Like, they're gonna fuck you up. These guys are lovable and like, they're best. We're just watching best friends win together. Yeah. It's awesome. Right? It is cool. And I feel like, you know, for the most part, people root against New York City at like a national level. But, but with, Oh, you know why. Yeah. But not why the Knicks is my question. Because I, I've seen the Yankees. There's Also Yankees because you're also Yankees fans. That's fair. That's kind of like the, the math that we do in our head. But the Knicks were so good and so fun that I feel like for the most part, America didn't hate the Knicks. Like, we loved watching the Knicks because they were fun team to play. You know, like it was, it was cool watching them, like you said, friends from college playing on the same team, having success in the NBA playoffs and their style of play.


I feel like it translates, it's like universal. So we loved them. It's beautiful. It's like what you hear the sixties and seventies Nicks played like just moving the ball. You know, the injuries did us in, but like, I think this year we're pretty good. It just hurts so much to lose harden. He's like, well he was one of my faves. Yeah. He's a bruiser. He's a high IQ guy. Great passer. Like I, I loved how he played. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and Jalen Brunson is so much fun. I mean like, he bet on himself and like the fact that he just ended up in New York where like people love that style. Like New York point guards and all that stuff. It's Just awesome. We never had that guy either. Like, you look at a like few, who are we starting? Shane Larkin. Yeah. You know, I'm like fucking Tony Douglas.


No disrespect to these guys, but like no. All Dis disrespect to Yeah. you don you mean NBA players. Yeah, but they're, but they're barely NBA players. And now we have a guy who's like, I think it's fair to say he's at, he's in the convo of a top 10 guy in my opinion. He's definitely in my top 10. Yeah. You know, I'm sure people will argue that, but he's a hell of a player. Yeah. I got into argument 'cause I was like, I I superstars in the NBA are like, there's like five of them. Yeah. And I was like, he's not a superstar yet. And Nick's fans were very upset about that. But I was like, he's he's on the way. He's Gotta be like, here's why I would go against that though. Playoffs. Yeah. He elevates in the playoffs. Of course to me. Like you have to. Okay. Is he a, is he a regular season superstar? Debatable. Fine. But you gotta put a guy like Jimmy Butler in that conversation too, of guys who elevate, he's Not a superstar to meet, But in the playoffs.


Yeah. And I also think he's gonna be there, like, him and Anthony Edwards are gonna be superstars where it's like the face of the n NBA a I hope in a year or two where it's like, that was the first like deep run for Jalen Brunson. And this next year is gonna be a big year for him. And if he goes deep again, it's like, oh shit, this guy is, he's the real deal. He is the real deal. He is the real deal. He is the real deal. And he's a and he's fearless and a closer just losing. We don't have depth at the big, I loved Harden Stein. He, I knew he was leaving because I dmd with him a little and I, and I invited him to the Comedy Cellar and he said, oh man, I would've, but I'm in Houston. I was like, would've this is a week out, you know? So I know it means he's not coming back. Do you Ever feel weird DMing players?


No, because it's not like I'm like a fucking chick slid in all these dudes dm. But, but I'm just like, oh, great game. Occasionally like great game or something. And he, he good, Good game. Yeah. Yeah. He had so many huge plays. So it's Like, well, does he follow you? Yeah. Oh, alright. That's, that's a totally normal Deal. So that, that's why I did it. Yeah. I wanted, I'm not just cold sliding in, but like he, yeah, we were at a game and he came over to High five me in the playoffs. And Chris de Stefano and his fucking meatball cop friend got in front of us to try to intercept the high five. And I was like, what the hell are you doing? That was my high five. That was my high five. And he like went away, like shaking his head. 'cause this guy was like 300 pounds of muscle. Chris's cop friend. Like, he's like, no one's taking that high five break your hand. Yeah. And, and then after the game he DMed me.


I tried to and five you, but some dumb ass got in front of you. And I just show it to Chris. I go, you're the dumbass. You cost me a fucking playoff. High five. I, I I loved him. I love, I mean, the energy of the garden was something unlike I've, I mean, It it is special. I I, it's insane. I was skeptical because I was like, it can't be that much different. But then I went to a playoff game two years ago and I was like, okay, this is pretty Sick. That would get, that was against Atlanta. You mean The Cavs? The series against The Cavs. Oh yeah. That was a good one. But I was just like, this is sick. Like this is the, you could tell that everyone's just in it and it's so loud throughout the entire game. Dude. It was, it was epic. I mean, hearing Tracy Morgan, I, I, you know, I I was lucky enough to had good seats.


Some of those games. One, one game, Tracy Morgan just, he turns behind to look at us and he goes, real animals eat meat. I'm like, I don't know what that means. You're just like, hell yeah dude. It means Something in that moment. Right. It meant something. Yeah. The way that he says it, you're like, he's right. No, we were like nodding. We were like, fuck Yeah. They dude, dude. Yeah. You had all the old Nicks there, which was a little depressing. 'cause it wasn't like, you know, it's it, they're good. There were good players, but not like, oh Man, Bernard King's a legend. Flag the legend. Yeah. but it was like Steph, Seth Marberry and like Mar Mar, he's a New York guy. Marto Meyer. Yeah. I lo Hey Mar gave us one of the best half seasons he did in my life. That was beautiful thing. Yeah. You look Marberry. It didn't work out. That was, that was a tough era. Yeah, that was a tough one. But he's a New York kid and I think his story's still pretty cool.


It is. He, so I was having this conversation with a couple buddies the other day. The New York Sports Mount Rushmore. Yeah. It's kind of depressing 'cause it's probably all Yankees. Like I was thinking about it and I was like, is it all Yankees? Whoa. So it's cheater Ruth Mantle. Yeah. But then you, but then you say we could go like 10 deep true with Yankees, but, and then, and then it's better than a lot of other teams, but Oh, absolutely. Because maybe Mariano Rivera's not even on it. I Think. Yeah, he, I think I, I settled on mantle, Ruth Mo and Jeter, but like Oh, DiMaggio. DiMaggio. You Can't put mantle over Diaggio. So DiMaggio over mantle, but then like what other sport would get in Joe Namath?


No, he sucked. Nah, he's, he's Not Eli would get in over Joe. Eli, Eli is definitely an over Joe. Yeah. But it, it's kind of depressing when you think about the other sports. You're like, who else? Frasier and Reed are pretty iconic. Yeah. But Like, but the Yankees are so iconic. Right. I get, I get why I mean, you didn't say Garrick, like Lou Gareth's numbers are fucking stupid. Right. And your leave off like Mark Messier and like, there's a bunch of, but like the Yankees are just the Yankees. Lawrence Taylor. Yeah. Lawrence Taylor. Yep. Yeah. But I think it's all Yankees. Gretzky. Yeah. But Gretzky at the end. Yeah. You know, messier was older when he was Ranger Lundquist. Like, but it's all Yankees Probably. Yeah. Lundquist you had to, to do it. It's a man. That guy is still is, He's Still a gorgeous guy. Yeah.


Yeah. I mean, would Ewing even touch it? It's just tough because of the Yankees you said and the winning. But like, yeah, Ewing, I love Ewing so much. Yeah. Like, I mean that, that voiceover he did for Brunson. I was like, fuck. I love that. We didn't even consider any Mets on this list. No. Yeah. Well who, yeah, The problem is like, who, who makes it When he Dykes Street doc. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of depressing. Like it's not, there's a lot of cities where you're like, boom, that's the Mount Rushmore. Yeah. And then the the New York. Yeah. The Yankees can fill it up, but then you're like, wait, we don't even have any other sports. I Think for the Knicks you gotta put Stephen A. Smith on there. Yeah. What you think about. Yeah, that was a little buzz. What you think about Stephen a during the playoffs. Like they made the game about Stephen A. Smith. Well isn't that what he always does? Yeah. I was shocked to see that Stephen A. Smith made it himself.


Did you think at any point like, Hey, the Pacers are also playing in this, or because you're new, you, you're a New Yorker through and through, you're like, no, this is just how coverage should be. No, I knew it was not okay for, for, for what he was doing, but, but I also don't really watch him to be honest. Yeah. Like, I kind of like mute until the game starts. Right. I I don't wanna watch his halftime show. It's awful. Yeah. I mean, when they go from TNT to him, I'm like, this is the biggest, It's crazy Turnaround I've ever seen. Yeah. He just kind of, it's like, you know, when you play in the park with someone who's like an iso guy and doesn't pass to anyone, that's what he does. And then you see Ernie and he's like dishing it out. Yeah. He's getting everyone cooking. It's like, it's just not good TV to me. No. Yeah. It was, it was very strange.


And I, I kept feeling like they were just giving the Pacers more ammo. It's like, this is exactly what they want. Well they only, they won because of the injuries. I know. I'm gonna get shit every time I say this, but it's like, they're not beating us without, I mean, we, we didn't have one starter who's our current starter playing with Brunson. Yeah. It was pretty bad at the end. Yeah, it was. It was pretty. And when Brunson broke his hand, I was at that game. That was hell. Where do you, where do you land on the Tibs argument? He's great, But like, I, I know the injuries weren't exactly, you know, some of 'em were freak injuries, but this is what I struggled with, with the Bulls is like, he gets his teams to play so hard throughout the regular season. Yeah. And they just run outta gas in the playoffs and they get injured and they just, everything falls apart. I We're in love. I, I mean, is he toxic?


Who knows? You know, like if I love a girl that's treating me like shit, I still love her. Yeah. So, I don't know. You're asking the wrong guy. I love Tib. Yeah. Like, I think he's, they buy in if they If, you don't buy into Tibs. Yeah. He's not Right. But if the best player and all the other best players buy in, like Randall bought in before Brunson. Yeah. Brunson buys in. No, They do. They all die. I mean, they all play so hard for him. OG is the only one that worries me a little because of his durability. And same with Mitch of course. But like, I think if they're healthy for the playoffs, we're like, we're tough. We just need that backup five. Like Hartenstein was so valuable. Yeah. Such A good player. He was so good. So what happens next year? I, I think we have to see how this plays out. 'cause I, part of me is like, is our defense gonna be insane or are we gonna, is our shooting not gonna be quite good enough without Dante in the lineup?


So, I mean, but the length defensively with Bridges and, and OG and then Randall just beating you up. I mean this it could be a physical team. Yeah. Yeah. And a fun team to root for too. Yeah. Look, Boston is an amazing team, but they're just not fun. No. Tatum is not fun. Does He have Aura? He has no Aura. Yeah. Aura. You think Tatu? I think, I Don't know. No, no. We've, we're not sure. We're firmly on the No Aura. I mean, brown has some aura I think. Oh, he is definitely got Aura. I think, I think Tatum has no aura. I think Drew has Aura. Yeah. But Tatum is like, once your mom starts being like, this isn't fair. It's like, shut the fuck up dude. Who gives a shit like this Isn't no. You, you don't get greatness from a supportive mom.


Yeah. You don't, you're not an al Tony Soprano had a bad mom. He's a fucking Alpha. That's true. LeBron's mom's fucking his teammates. Yeah. He's an alpha. Yeah. You need, you need a bit of like, yeah, maybe he should be on the bench. Look at the numbers. He should have been on the bench in team USA. He wasn't a good enough spot up shooter. Devin Booker's a better spot up shooter. And then he doesn't play the d that Drew plays like he should have been. He's a great player who should have been not getting minutes over LeBron or kd. His mom needs to be crazier. I like that take. Yeah. Yeah. She's too supportive. I wonder too, if they hadn't won the title, would this conversation even be happening? 'cause it was more like, I, I mean, Tatum's a very good player. He should have probably played more minutes than just not playing some games. But if they don't win, are people as up in arms about no way not playing Well He kind of anointed himself.


He's like, I'm the face of the NBA. And we're like, did you, did you run that by anyone else? Yeah. Because there's Anthony Edwards. Yeah. Luca Devin. Booker's a, a great young player. Luca Jalen Brunson is a great young Player. People have forgotten about Giannis. I haven't. I know you haven't. 'cause you you were heavily recruiting him. I was. And I know that. I, I I fucked up last time I was here saying he'll definitely come into the Knicks. Yeah. Oh yeah. And guess what? You did say that not, and I'm not done saying it could still happen. Did you Blame yourself? No. I blame Did you DM him? I, I, I dmd his brother and I got left unread. Oh shit. I got left on. He follows me. I thought it was safe. So you helped Theas. Yeah. I did their benefit a couple years ago. And dude, I, I killed, I went up and I, I I, I got applause break from Mayor Adams on an AIDS joke.


I was like, I'm fucking locked in right now. I did the, I had this old Magic Johnson joke about like, how, you know, my, my ex was like, you're not crying during this breakup, but you cried during the Magic Johnson documentary. And I was like, you think you're in the same inspiration category? Imagine you played in the Allstar game with HIV. You wouldn't fuck me when you had a headache. And I look into the crowd of Mayor Adams just like this. And I'm, man, I'm, I'm fucking crushing. Yeah. And I see Giannis and his brother in the crowd going. I was like, oh, they're so innocent. You know? Yeah. And then his brother was like, hit me up if you're ever in Greece. And I was in Greece and I hit him up and he just left me on press. Oh no. That's tough. But that's also a great move by him to be like, 'cause you know, you always be like, oh yeah, I'll see you next time. Yeah. Like, hit me up if you're in Greece, no one ever actually follows through.


Except you. I follow, I never, I never do it. But I was like, I'm in Greece. Yeah. And I think he's here told me, and I kind of wanna, I wanna see Greece with the unintended cups, you know? Yeah. The way they see it. Yeah. Yeah. But no, I don't think I blew it. I think, you know, it's, he was, he's loyal. I I think it was a really dumb decision to be loyal. 'cause Dame is getting older. Doc is not the greatest coach in the world. And Brooke Lopez is getting older Middleton's injury prone. I think, you know, This might be the year Gianni's complaints Would, I'd be shocked. You wouldn't be shocked. No. I I would be a little shocked. I Don't know though. But like, you, what you just laid out and like, if it doesn't go well and they, they went, you know, all in on the dame thing.


Yeah. This could be the year where he is like, what the fuck is going on here? He's been there. There's something about the European players they don't really like, maybe it's cultural. They just don't like complain the same way that Yeah. Our guys have complained the last like, five years that have kind of ruined the NBA in, in, in some ways. Oh, Luca, he Complains Luca. Yeah. Luca complained. But mostly to the people. But yo just never, Giannis is never like, Isn't that interesting? Yeah. Giannis is, I think yo doesn't care enough. He's like, just like the great guy who's like, yeah, whatever. He's The best dude ever. He's Like, I happen to be great at basketball. I ha Yeah, exactly. It's like a side hustle for his horse racing. And then Giannis is so competitive that I think part of him is like, I don't want people to forget how great I'm Right. Yeah. This might be the redemption year because he, they, we kind of have forgotten, like If, you ask people right now, top five, he, he sometimes gets left off because he is been injured.


He can't Be just 'cause of what he does on Agreed. Totally agree. Like he is top five. But because we haven't seen, you know, they got bounced against the heat in the first round and then this year he was Hurt. That was brutal. But that's what I'm saying. That's why Jimmy, you have to say in the playoffs is a superstar different guy. Yeah. Because what he did was insane. And it gives me no pleasure to give love to Miami fans. Yeah. Yeah. Did you, did you take any joy watching Team USA? 'cause you root against most of these guys, right? No, no, no. You have have To. Were you able to put all that aside? It's amazing. It's like, I'm proud to be an American. I mean, it's, it's an incredible thing to watch LeBron with Barack Obama. Gray hairs throwing down crazy dunks, kd hidden fat nut closing shots against Serbia. Steph looking like a phenom. Like no, it was a beautiful thing.


Yeah. I, I loved it. And no, I, I took so much joy. It also was to me like the, the significance of just like, it felt like an era ending. You know, because those guys, Steph, LeBron, kd, If, you had to bet. Would you bet any of them to win another title? I probably wouldn't. No. Right. So it's like, kind Of not, not in this current Right. Roster. It's kind of like the end of like this era of, of basketball for America where it's like they went out on top The Avengers. Right. It's, it's literally Tony Stark dying. Oh Spoiler. Never seen it. Oh, fuck Yeah. God. Damnit Lash Sean McCoy. Wait, Tony, I thought Tony Stark was the green goblin or whatever. All right. New guy we're Good. But you know, He is a green coblin.


No, he is. That's Will Defoe. Oh. Who's, what's Who I heard has got a Monster hog. Oh. Oh really? Yeah. Apparently his Dick's so big Larva Sheer had to cut it out of a movie. Like he had to get a penis double. Which is, which is amazing to me that that job exists. That there's a guy just like picking up a phone. Like, is it, is it too big or too little? Doesn't matter. I'm there. There, Yeah, you gotta scout that out in the auditions. Put on something tight. Wait, what, what is Robert Downey Jr. What characters he gonna, He's gonna be Dr. Doom. Dr. Doom. Yeah. See a Mixed Marvel Guy mixed. No, but I know that that's, that's, Yeah, we don't know anything. It pisses people off Every time we talk about Marvel, I I only saw Black Panther because I'm an ally. That's cool. But I haven't seen the rest of it. I didn't see Black Panther. Really? Yeah. Not, not an ally. Hate black People. It's so funny. They got all this credit for doing that in all black cast, but it's like, dude, you, you did it after Antman.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You got Antman first. You got Antman before the, before the Black movie. Yeah. We gotta, we gotta do Antman first. Paul Rudds superhero. Okay. I guess we've, we've conquered all the hills now. We can do this one, but yeah, we don't know shit about, about Marvel. Yeah. I'm not a big Marvel guy, but I know that Sounds like you kind of, huh? Yeah, I look, I mean that, that one was fun. The Avengers one was fun. Yeah. We wouldn't Know. We didn't see it. Yeah. So yeah, the, the Olympics were fun getting to roof for those guys. And LeBron, he did have, he's like embracing the gray hair. I don't know if he's gonna come back and dye the beard, but it felt like he was intentionally, I like showing, I've got, I've got gray facial hair. It was realm still the best Drew. Yeah. It was like, it was like, holy shit. LeBron could, it'd be so funny if he just kept playing.


If he just was on the next Olympic team and Tatum had to ride the bench again. That would Be funny. Yeah. Just as An old, like he's got gray hair. He's fucking, you know, he's taking Ali, but get, Getting to like truly love LeBron James when he's playing. It was a foreign concept for me because like, he's, he's corny. He's, he's funny. When you watch him try to be like, take himself super seriously sometimes, whether he is reading all these books that he never gets past, like page two of, or like catching him in a lie. What? Yeah. What is that? Always He's what is the posing with the book? He's, Well, he read the biography of Malcolm X and then they asked him like what his favorite part was and then he like paused and he is like, you know, all of it. I just enjoyed all Of it. Yeah. Trump. Yeah. Yeah. So What's your favorite part of the bible? My, all of the past. I can't, I can't pick one. So like, it's funny because he wants, he wants to be everything to everyone.


Yeah. And the way he goes about that, it's an interesting insight into his mind. Be kd Yeah. Be Be the dude who's all of us who's just writing back to angry people. Yeah. He was just mad online all the, like, he wins a game and then he is just calling out people citizenship. Yeah. Like, I loved it. It's like 3:00 AM and he is trolling Serbia. I loved it. They just beat him. I love that too. We, we, we love KD now, but like, getting to getting to Ru for LeBron James. It woke something up in me where I was like, maybe I've been a closeted LeBron sexual my entire life. Wow. And maybe now like me, I gotta tell my dad or like, I gotta tell my mom and she's gonna be disappointed in me. And it's like, what is, what's this all about? Like what are these new feelings that I'm feeling inside? But he's great. He's like, he's fun to root for when he's your guy.


Well, It's, I, this is what we Do I think the most. I think real sports fans, you don't root for the guy who's like the number one who's the anointed. He's literally called King from when he was a rookie. Yeah. Yeah. I felt this way with Kobe. I I didn't like Kobe until the end. I like co it's like wrestling. They kind of reinvent themselves over time. And then you're kind of like, fuck Kobe went heel for a minute. Then he was back. And it was kind of like, by the end I loved Kobe. Yeah. Yeah. But but it takes a, it takes a minute Contrarian. You, when you're in the moment, you're just like, fuck this guy. Yeah. And then when he leaves you're like, oh, it's weird now. All my friends were like, Kobe, like, Kobe's the man. So I was like, no. Fuck that. I'm, I'm a spree guy. I think Tmac is cool. I would like go for the other guys, you know? Yeah. I I I don't want to say what I think Kobe's, he's very overrated.


Mm. Because he is rated so high. Like he gets talked about like LeBron or Michael Jordan. I don't think he's in that. That's a fair take spot. I mean he was for that. It's tough. It's by error really. Right. You know, I mean he was, that era's greatest, But he also, like, he wasn't the best player on the Threepeat team. No Way. I mean, Shaq was an absolute monster, But he but he went back to back. Yeah. You know, I mean he was a, he. Yeah. I'm gonna get shit for that. You will. Again, it's not because he's not great. Yeah. It's because he gets talked in a group that I just don't know. There's like a hollowed group of players that are in that upper, upper, upper echelon. I think he's right behind it. Yeah. He's also become a mindset where like, if, if somebody goes out there and like in high school, they win like 120 to 10, you're like, that's that mamba mentality.


Yeah. Like Kobe. Or if somebody doesn't do, so if someone doesn't act like an asshole sometimes you're like, Kobe would never do that. Yeah. There's also moments where I Do I. Like, I wish Kobe would've been there, like at the, at the game on and For the weddings game. He was a big ambassador for He would've and he would've been like staring down the other team. Like it would've been cool those moments. You know what I mean? But Isn't it kind of annoying when the guys on the bench are trying to hog the at like, when they kept panning a mellow, I'm like, Curry's the one hitting the shots. Yeah. Joe Curry, although mellow calling plays was sick. Yeah. It was fun. Yeah. Yeah. He did. I mean, mellow was the best when he, he was at his best when he was on the Olympic. He was the sixth man. Yeah. That's what's so funny about, it was like, these dudes are coming off the bench. He's phenomenal. I know. Mellow was awesome. Olympic mellow was, was the coolest.


Mellow, I think. Yeah. He got, he just got passed by kd. I like having Draymond there too. Draymond should travel with the team. Yeah. That was so petty. He should be just so petty. Getting every, Everyone won't go bear's like dude enough. Like I Yeah, you choked me. He Won. Yeah. Yeah. And like, and every, and I'm a joke, like everyone laughs at me. Yeah. He Draymond just still twisting that knife. It Gobert the hatred for Gobert really does remind me when like a hack comedian blows up too much. Yeah. And he gets paid too much money and you're just like, fuck that guy. You didn't give a shit about him. Like, before he got paid he was like an afterthought. But then he gets like really rich and you're like, this guy fucking blows. And then he's like, I just took the money. Yeah. Yeah. Like, you hate me for just taking the money. But we do Do You think, do you think hack comedians like walk around knowing that everyone hates them?


Some of them and some of them just drink their own Kool-Aid. They they buy it. They're like, they're, I'm like, why, why would I get all this if I wasn't the greatest? Yeah. Because that would be like pretty brutal imposter syndrome to walk around being like, everyone else in comedy hates me, but I'm selling out arenas. Yeah. I mean, it's those worse lives. Yeah. Yeah. You're selling out arenas, you're, you're probably having a good life. Yeah. True. Yeah. You can delude yourself into anything. I don't think, I don't think Rudy go Gobert should be unhappy. No. No. Although deep down like somewhere he's probably like, man, I wish anyone respected me. I wish I was. It sucks when all the bigs are shitting on you. Like, you know, Shaq and all these guys are like, this guy sucks. You know? And it's like, and you're kinda like, Shaq, you should be a little unbiased.


This is, you know, but that's kind of funny that he's not draymond's hatred of him. It does stem from jealousy. That's the thing. It's like, 'cause he's got four DPO YI Know. That's the problem. It's like you have that success. That's why you should just never have too much success because then everyone's gonna shit on you. Yeah. Like if he just had two defensive player of the years. 'cause then he wins one and then they go to the playoffs. It's like, this is your defensive player of the year. Yeah. It's like he should just give one back. He should say, I don't want it this year. That, you know, what if he takes himself out of it. Yeah. That's actually the smart thing to do. That's What I would do if I were him. He Plays really well against shitty players. Yeah. Shitty offenses. And so he, he like pads his stats a little bit. Then sometimes the playoffs, you see him get exposed and he gets cooked by good players.


So just, yeah. Just let some shitty players get some more points against you this year. Take yourself outta the running that way. Yeah. It's Smart. And also, yeah, he, I I'm sure the French thing for some reason isn't helping. There's a lot of problems. Oh, The French thing is always, we're always gonna hate French People and we will blame him for Covid too. That's Holy Shit about that. But it's kind of like wrong place, wrong time. Yeah. But He, he, yeah, but he mocked it. He Came back and he like touched every microphone and then they're like, yeah, it turns out he did have Covid and now we have to cancel all of basketball. Yeah. I'm now thinking about iss gonna be a great test. He's like, first like, how much do we hate French people? Nah, he's already beloved. Yeah. No, I'm saying like, he's, he, he's gonna supersede that. The fact that he cried too when they lost. Yeah. I love that. I love that He's, he's on, he's could be the best ever.


Yeah. No, I, I it's insane. Be a problem. I think Cooper flag could Flag Cooper Flag next up the main event. Stop. I'm excited about that. I've already set my tanking watch on that. I want Cooper flag in dc That That would be great. That'd be cool. Man. You guys are making weird moves. The Valentina one. I kinda, I I like what we're doing though, because we at least have a plan now. What's the plan for, for years the plan, the plan is basically tank. Yeah. And try to just turn everything over. But for years it was like, you know, finish 10th in the east and then maybe one year we'll get in as, as an eight seed. Yeah. Then we'll get cooked. But, but post John Wall, there hasn't been a lot of, of like actionable plan going on in DC but we got the guy from Oklahoma City running the front office. He at least knows what he's doing.


Then we got Kuzma and Jordan Pool, which I think are great players to have if you're trying to lose, you know, like it give the keys to a franchise to Jordan Pool. Yeah. Let him go out there and do his thing. And naturally you will lose a shit load of games. He'll get his points. He'll go like 10 for 40 shooting, but at least there's a plan now. That's, thats all I can ask for. That's fair. Yeah. I was, I was hammered at a game once and I was just yelling at John Wall and I was just like, man, you fucking, you got fat, you let yourself go. Yeah. And he, and he turned and looked at me and I was like, oh, Jesus Christ. And then years later he writes this book about depression. I'm like, oh, I fucking hate myself. No, He turned it On you. I gotta dial it back, man. Shit. Shit. You were just being a good fan though. I was trying to be a good 'cause.


You, you. But I do notice them now when they're, people are going a little too hard. I'm like, I'm getting, I can tell I'm getting older 'cause I'm like, ah, that was kind of, yeah. Take It down a notch. If you become to take it down a notch guy. You're getting older. Yeah. I, I mean I've done it like at restaurants where I'm like, can you turn down the music a little? What the fuck? Yeah. But I actually can't hear When every pill you take is a downer. Yeah. You know, you're like, whatever makes it tomorrow, let's fucking wrap it up. Yeah. That kid Getting in a LeBron's face after they won the gold, you see that he needs to take it down a notch. Yeah. What'd he do? Well, he just went, he went up to LeBron on the streets of Paris and wanted a picture and LeBron was like, not now kid. And kinda like pushed him outta the way. Wow. And then he started dancing right Way and then he started dancing. So people that hate LeBron James will be like, look what a disgusting human being LeBron James is.


Michael Jordan would never treat a child like that. Michael Jordan was kind to every kid that he ever met in his entire life. I've found some like really good hater LeBron accounts that I follow just so I can get my hate up. So yeah, I'm not a fan. I've never been a like guy. Look, he's a, I love that he's on team USA and I root from there, but I'm not a LeBron guy. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's basically, it's, it's probably the most like cut and dry. Either you're a LeBron sexual or you're not. Yeah. Like there aren't people who are like, I don't, some people are both, I'm still waiting for year 21. He's, He's on the fence. Like, We coming, we're coming all stripes. It's like your college years. They need to, yeah. It's some weird shit. I'm experimenting with LeBron right Now. You went abroad. I always Told, I was taught growing up naturally you're supposed to love the Washington Wizards.


A man loves the Washington Wizards and I've thought that I've loved the Washington Wizards, but now I, I tried LeBron and I think I liked LeBron. Yeah, you went, it's pretty fun. You went abroad for a couple weeks and then you came back and you're like, I kind of like this. Add another stripe to the flag for us bronze sections. I just, Ation matters. It's just, I hate the Lakers too. That's another part of the problem is like, there's just an unlikeable franchise and, and I've, I've always felt that way. I mean, look, it was in looking back, they're great for the sport. Obviously Kobe Shaq, those years were awesome. But like, Have you had any like self-reflection where you're like, the Lakers are the Yankees? Of course. Okay. They're Gonna say because like, that's the the two franchises that do the Oh, he'll be a Laker soon.


Oh, he'll be a Yankee someday. Yeah. That's the two like shining examples of it where they, and they're usually right. Where they're like, oh yeah, free agent will come here. Yeah, no problem. Now the Yankees, it, it, it is complicated for me because I, I grew up, 'cause my grandfather was a Yankees fan, so I grew up just watching like Bernie Williams and Polo Ne on his lap, you know? Yeah. And then you get older and everyone's like, these are the fuck. And you're like, it's too late. Yeah. I'm a fan. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And the Yankees history is awesome. Yeah. It is. Really. Especially all the World Series they won before they let black players play. That's true. It's a lot of them. Yeah. There's A lot of them. They're really Good now though. I was Watching a Babe Ruth documentary and it was, and it was literally just old white men Yeah. Who were just like, it was like one sentence about how he walked out and his wife an adopted kid.


And it was like, he walked out on this family. Babe Ruth was one of the kindest people I've ever been around. You know, he was, he was a gentleman. I'm like, didn't you just say he wa That was one sentence. Yeah. Every other sentence was like, what he did for those Cancer stricken children was the Lord's work. Have you seen the theory that Babe Ruth could possibly be Dominican? I love that one. He looks A little, little Bit, yeah. Right. And it's just like, this would, this would throw like all the old sports writers into a tizzy being like, yeah, he was Dominican. It's So, the sports writers is such a weird, 'cause I've watched the Pete Rose doc too, and it is weird. I like, clearly Pete Rose is not a good human. Like If, you wanna keep out the Hall of Fame, you don keep out the Hall of Fame. Do it for the statutory rape, not the gambling.


Yeah. Yeah. That's Such a weird line to draw in the sand. Like, you got Ty Cobbin who's pushing pregnant women downstairs. Although Ty Cobb had a little bit of a, like, when, who was it? Oh, it was when they brought all the Negro League, like records into MLB and there was a lot of like Ty Cobb discourse and I had no idea, but like Ty Cobb essentially got completely slandered by this one writer who wrote a biography about him that just made up shit. Like everything, you know. But he did beat his wife. He, Yeah. But like, there's a, like the beating, like a handicap person and like him being like a crazy racist, like none of that was true. Which is nuts. Wait, Did he, did he like Babe Ruth?


I don't know. That'll tell us. That's if he was Dominican or not true. But it was, it was eyeopening to be like, wait, how did this happen? That like, one person wrote a book about Ty Cobb and then we just were told Ty Cobb was one of the worst humans ever. Yeah. And a lot of it was just made up have not saying he, he's a good, I'm not, I'm not, you know, vouching for T Kabb. but it was crazy to read about it and be like, wait, this guy just made up a lot of this, this Stuff. That's, that's what you could do as a writer. In the old days was the Day Right. He had a Vendetta. I'll destroy you in my column. Yeah. That was the power. I mean, there's a, there's a story about Joe DiMaggio, like leaving a hotel room after we just banged someone and he sees, I think it was Walter Winchell on the, on the street and he just looked at him like, fuck, this guy's gonna write a piece on me.


I'm gonna get trash or like poon hunting on the road. And he just looked at him, he goes, win today and I won't write about this. And they won. He played the best game of his life. Cool. Having your biggest hater become your biographers an all time bad move. Bad move. I don't want that. Yeah. But credit to that guy for at least like having a vendetta and like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna ruin, I'm gonna ruin this guy for the rest of eternity. Yeah. If you, If you pulled a hundred like sports fans like Ty Cobb, bad guys. Like Yeah. The worst really Bad guy. I bet he wasn't a good guy. No, That's what I'm saying. I'm not vouching for him, but I just, it was crazy to read it and be like, wait, this guy made up a lot of these stories that we walk around being like, you know, Ty Cobb would go spikes up on everyone and Like, yeah. That's, is that not true?


I think a lot of it is made Up. I don't know. I feel like most good players would try to like spike the second baseman back then. Yeah. You like, oh, it wasn't just him. Yeah. And there was also that story, you know, the Mickey Mantle story about when he got head underneath the, the right field bleachers. Is that true? Yeah. He wrote like a, a thank you note or something. What, what was the exact story behind it? I gotta find it. I'll find it. Look that Up. Because it's, I thought that was, was Darl strawberry for some reason. Because Back in the day, like sports writers, we were told growing up that like baseball is the most poetic sport. They wrote about it in the most like, flowery terms ever. Yeah. Like a day at the ballpark is nothing like Anything else you'll ever experience. They wrote about all the baseball players. Like they were gentlemen. No, Mickey Mantle was getting his dick sucked underneath the right field bleachers and Yankee Stadium. Oh yeah. During a game. So the Yankees hit up Mickey Mantle and we're like, the 50th anniversary is coming up, can you please write something about being a Yankee?


And the prompt was, I consider the following my outstanding experience at Yankee Stadium. And he wrote, I got a blowjob under the right field bleachers by the Yankee bullpen. And then this event occurred on or about, he said He got sucked off by all the middle. He said it was about the third inning, third or fourth inning, I had a pulled groin and couldn't focus at the time. She was a very nice girl and asked me what to do with the cu after I came in her mouth. I said, don't ask me. I'm no cocksucker Mickey mantle. Mickey y American poetic. Yeah. I don't know. Is that true? That that's gotta be a real letter, right? I think, I think it's sold an auction Pretty crass for a Don't, don't ask me. I'm not a cocksucker.


Is It? Was he like a Tulsa Oklahoma boy? Yeah. What a line. Yeah. Oh, man's doing it. It's, there's a star next to, he'd signed it, Mickey Mantle's star and then underneath the star he starred and said the All American boy. I love that. I had a sense of humor. That's good. Yeah. Are they back? Are the Yankees fully back? I don't know man. It's hard to tell that that trade was pretty big, you know? But I don't know man, I pitching is everything in the playoffs, so, so we'll see. Yeah, It feels like the Yankees just do the same thing every year. Yeah. A million million home runs and they get to the playoffs, they're like, Shit. Those are never the teams that win at all. Except maybe the Astros have a lot of power, but, but they have Pitching too.


Yeah. And they do the little things too. Yeah. We'll, we'll see. Like cheating. Yeah. Big Baseball is such a weird sport where you can be by far the best team. And then in the playoffs it's just about who's hot at that Moment. Yeah. But hockey is the same way. Yeah. Hockey guy, you, you're a big hockey guy. Get a h You get a hockey goalie standing on his head, then any team can win. Yeah. But yeah, baseball playoffs, it's like pitching and then If, you get like two guys that just catch fired outta nowhere. Then it's like, we saw the Diamondbacks in the World Series last year. Yeah. Like crazy shit happens. Yeah. Yeah. but it is fun to see like Yankees do the same thing, get to the playoffs. Same thing happens Aaron Boone. Okay. Come back next year. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Prince, I wonder how long they're going to let him hold the reins. You know, it's So, he's got blackmail, he's got, him and Cashman have to have blackmail.


So I feel like I've been hearing about them getting fired every year for the last five years. You just don't wanna waste Aaron judge's Prime. 'cause this is fucking insane what he's doing. Yeah. Yeah. Nuts. And he's just a Beast. Yeah. Alright, well, Sam, this has been awesome. I got a


Rollback question last question. R-H-O-B-C k.com promo code. Take 20% off your first purchase. CUSIPs polos hoodies, joggers shorts Rollback dot com.


We were talking about it earlier, but for people who don't know, one of my favorite things that Sam does is he goes on like local early morning talk shows, news shows, and just bombs on purpose. Yeah. So are we worried that it's getting too big that it's gonna be like, you can't do this anymore? Yeah, for sure. I mean, you said it, you know, back there you're like, you might have to go international. Yeah, I've tried. It's not a big thing internationally. I'm, I'm trying, I'm doing Baltimore TV this week, so I hope, I hope I Can go away. Fingers crossed. Yeah. It's tough though. You gotta have the, the getaway car waiting for you. You gotta have the car outside. Like, I always say it's like a bank robbery. So, So when did it start?


Pittsburgh is where it started. 'cause I was like in a bad mood. When you're a young comic, you're required to do morning tv, it's in the contract, they don't give you a door deal. So you're like, this is just for the club that they're making me do it. I I don't see another cent from this. So you, after you do it for like a decade, you start to get a little bitter. And I was kind of like, you know what? Fuck this. So in the middle of it, I just kind of snap. She, they never do research. It's always like the corniest shit. No one who's watching this is gonna come to my show. Right. It's like, you know, people who are like, you know, soccer moms or something who just will not find me funny. So it's like the only way this is selling tickets is if I just burn a hole. So I think the question she asked was, so when did you first catch the funny bug? Have you always been funny?


And I was like, no. But when I was young, I was molested by my uncle and he was funny. So I kind of caught the powers like, like in Spider-Man. And she just kind of paused and was like, okay, I don't know what to do with that. And, and I, and I left and I remember asking them for the tape, the producer, and she just looked at me and she goes, get out Do I. And now you've been doing it. Like, I, I see the clips. They're so fucking fun. Well, I realized like people started sharing that to the point that I was like, I guess I should Do I guess I should start doing morning tv. And then it just got bad every time to the point that I was like, I guess I'll just keep doing this. Is There an art to bombing? Yeah. It, it's fun. It's, you know, I mean, look, there's no really killing on those shows either. There's no audience, right. So it's just like, I'm kind of, I'm playing for whoever's watching.


I'm not playing for who's in the room. But they don't want, I've noticed though, they don't want you to come off as like, they're the guy there. They don't, the guys are the more insecure ones. The women are usually really cool, but the guys are kind of like, no, I'm the big, I'm the big shot around here. I'm the funny one. Yeah. You see them try to be fun. You're like, you ain't the funny one, I'll tell you that. Yeah. So I remember going on there and just rattling them and saying shit they can't say. So I'm like, you know, if I'm making like a PTO joke on like, you know, some NBC affiliate in, in Philadelphia, the guy's like, what the fuck is happening? Like, I can't do that. So it just started taking off. I, I don't know. It's it's, it's weird. It's, it's the perfect bit too, because the, like those people, those broadcasters are trained to smile through everything.


Exactly. And like, they have to be cheery and they have to be bubbly. And then you just drop like, yeah, I was, I was raped by my uncle. And there just have to be like, oh, there Were people who thought that was true. Someone like messaged me like, hell yeah. Speaking truth to power, taking your pain and making, making it funny. I'm like, oh, that's not true. I was just trying to ruin the segment. Did you miss the Spider-Man part of it. People thought it was real. Yeah. And then, yeah, it, it's, it's just funny that they have to be so scripted. Like they, anything that's off script on those shows is like, they're like, what Do I do, right. Used to this. They panic. So, so it's just funny to watch it go off the rails. It's so good, man. I have a publicist who's like losing sleep over these appear because I can't book 'em. I can't cold email them. So she gets the hate she get, they'll be like, why'd you do This here?


Why'd you send this guy here? But the funny thing is they don't remember. She's like, now you're ruin it for my clients who like take it seriously, who want to go on, she'll email them a month later and they'll be like, we had some guy come on a month ago and, and pretend that Columbus Ohio has a human trafficking crisis and he wouldn't let it go. And she's like, that's disgusting. Someone would, and they just let her know other client, they don't, no one remembers. So, you know, it ends up working out. But she's, yeah, she just messaged me. She's like, I I've upped my Xanax, I what are you gonna do? And the people get mad. I did one in Buffalo from the Delta Lounge. I put like duct tape over Gary Vier who tours with me's mouth and I pretended he's my GIMs sex slave. And I just kept saying like, he's not my GIMs sex slave. And the guy in Buffalo was like, alright, well that's the segment for today.


Like, he just, they abruptly cut it off. And then Rachel Feinstein, who's like one of my best friends was in Buffalo. He's like, do you know Sam Marone? She's like, oh, he is like my best friend. He's like, I hate that guy. He brought a gim sex slave on the segment. I was like, oh yeah, you can't tell these people that we're friends. They, they all hate me. Clearly Said he wasn't his gim. Yeah, that's what said that could have been more clear. You weren't listening. But yeah, so then we do, we do that and then it, it's like the thing I look forward to most, my comic friends like Starrs is always like, what are you doing waking up at 7:00 AM after a gig? And I'm like, I've learned to love it. I Yeah. So It's, it's like a challenge. Yeah. I I I love it. It's so Fun. It goes south a lot. It will, it will sometimes just not work at all.


But when it, for the times it does work. It's, it's, it's worth burning a hole in the room. Yeah, definitely. Are you gonna do that in, in the Netherlands? I wonder if I can get on stuff. International's tougher. I tried to do it in, 'cause look, when they roll with me sometimes it's great too. You know, if they just play. There's a woman for Texas who just, she got it and she played along and it was funny, her like straight manning me to everything I said. But then we tried in Australia and they didn't really, they, they were too big a fans of it that it didn't work. Like they were like, yeah, cheering me on for every awful thing I said. I'm like, well it's not funny when you guys are like doing, you know? Yeah, yeah. But yeah, they, they were not as scripted as American tv. That's all, all the comments are like, oh, what is this that you guys do in America?


I was like, oh, I didn't know this wasn't a thing. Oh, it's so good in, in the UK or whatever. But yeah, Australia is more just like all the news. Yeah. You know. But you Oh, sorry. Yeah. No, go ahead. Oh no, I mean, you'd go on, like, I would go on like A-M-S-N-B-C and stuff and it would be like guys who are, you know, big and they don't want you to, like, I'd go on like Ari Melbourne. He would just like, like he would like set me up for a joke and then just like, watch it bomb and just like, stare at me and be like, so why is that funny? I'd be like, well apparently it's not, I don't, I don't think it's, I guess it wasn't, I don't know. And he'd just be like, huh. It's like they don't want, it's weird. Like, they want you on and then they kind of like Try to psychoanalyze your comedy. Yeah. They don't know how to deal with jokes. 'cause he, it's live. So I think, you know, then I just like went into Epstein jokes and he was like, all right, let's go to break.


You know? But yeah. 'cause if you're hosting a morning show or if you're hosting a TV show, your job is usually not to be an audience. Exactly. Right. So then all of a sudden he's supposed to just like laugh and be a normal human being. I, I would hope so. Yeah. That's, I guess he isn't, yeah. He's just not programmed for that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well, Sam, thank you so much. Yeah. Everyone go see where I, we're gonna probably air this in the next week and a half. Okay. So where are you going after Baltimore? Well, yeah, I got, I'm in New Brunswick, New Jersey working on new jokes at the Stress Factory. Then I got Ontario Casino and then, and then I'm off to Europe, all over Europe. So, love it. Paris, Amsterdam, London, Belfast, Dublin, Copenhagen.


I dunno. We gotta, I got, we gotta see you on international Tv. I don't know If, you guys have good listenership in Oslo, but I'm, we Do. We Do I my fucking numbers there. Stink. Oslo. Welo. Come on Oslo, let's go. And then, and then, yeah. I got the new special. You've changed on Amazon Prime. It's, it's one of my favorite ones I've done. So I, I hope you guys like it. It's perfect. 'cause all of our fans do have Amazon Prime. 'cause we gotta watch Football. Fuck yeah dude. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, it's a perfect marriage there. Alright, thanks so much, Sam. Thanks. Appreciate it. Thank you guys.


Sam was brought to you by our great friends at Mountain Dew. Love Mountain Dew. We got a big cooler of Mountain Dew right here. I was drinking some Code Reds earlier today was drinking Code Reds and Baja Blast yesterday. I had an OG Mountain Dew around the campfire at night last night. Mountain Dew is great. It helps us get off our ass. Mountain Dew will get you off your ass. You got bold flavors or refreshing citrus kick. Mountain Dew will get you off your ass. Have you feeling like you're on an actual mountain mountain where the weather's always perfect. Your friends are ready to hang in. A day of epic proportions. Awaits nothing like an ice cold Mountain Dew. It quenches your thirst like no other. It's exactly what your body wants. If it's a hot summer day, grab a Mountain Dew. Do up. Just do it. Do the do the mountain's calling. You should answer. Grab your friends. Grab an ice cold Mountain Dew, wherever refreshing beverages are sold. And do the Dew


Fire Fest is brought to you by Morgan. and Morgan, welcome back. It's another fire fest of the week. It's brought to you by our great friends at Morgan and Morgan. You know, it really stinks sitting next to a guy who's farting the entire time. It literally stinks. It's a stinky thing to do. Stinky thing to experience. You know what else really sucks having your boys all go at you because you're trying to give to charity. But you know, that's the cross that you bear sometimes when you're trying to be a charitable person. But you know what doesn't stink? Calling Morgan Morgan. They can help get you what you deserve. They can't help a cranky co-host that tries to drag you down into the depths of oblivion through a sour mood. But they can help fight to get you full and fair compensation when you're, you're injured. Their fee is free unless they win For. more information. Go to for the people.com/pmt or dial pound law Pound five two nine from your cell phone.


Okay. Fire fest of the week time. Hank Breaking moves. Oh, breaking moves. Breaking moves, breaking. What do we got? We have a trade, an interdivisional inter podcast trade. There's been a trade A rare in division trade. Washington is Matthew Judon to the Bears. Washington is sending former first round pick, Jahan Dotson, and a fifth round pick to the Eagles in exchange for a 2025 third round pick and two seventh round picks per sources. Ooh. Ooh. Fleeced. What do we think? Max command Got flee Fleeced Agreed. What, what round did you draft him in? We drafted in the first round. Oh. Oh. And what, what did you get back?


Not a lot last year. What, what did you get back? Hit a bad season last year. Apparently hasn't looked good in training camp. What was his quarterback? We got Marvis Bryant. Sam Howell. Okay. Yeah. We got Marvis Bryant now. No, I, I'm, I'm excited. Wait. Yeah. Marvis Bryant hasn't played in the league in like 10 years. Yeah, But remember when he did that? That somersault catch. I Have a question though. PFT wouldn't you want your rookie quarterback to have more weapons? We got plenty of weapons. Okay. Martin Bryant. I'm just saying, did You Martin said Martinez Bryant. That would be the only part that would make me nervous. Mar Bryan, You taking away a wide Receiver for, I like j Dotson, a Penn State fan who's a beast at Penn State. Good. Wide. Receiver three.


Give up a third. Get back a fifth. Very Happy you needed, he needed a wide Receiver three Too, right? Big time. Yeah. So wide Receiver three for a third round pick. That sounds like a, a good deal to me. Well he, he was your, what wide Receiver was he for you? But we can't, he well he was fighting for the second spot two. No fight. He, he was not guaranteed that second. He was, it was like a competition. He was I think losing that competition to who? Let's see, MaRous Bryant. Marus Bryant. Possibly. No, it's actually a former Eagle Z. So we got rid of him. Yeah. And he was our fourth last year. Yeah. And now we got him and he's thriving in our system. Yep. Pleased. Flee.


Fleeced fleeced. Somebody got fleeced. Yep. Someone got fleeced. We'll find out later. Later. We're not, we're not gonna find out until the end of the season. Who got fleeced? But this, I can tell that this was a, between this and the Cooper. The Cooper de gene trade. Like we're, Someone's gonna get fleeced. We're fleecing the eagles. Big time you a bunch of bald eagles over there. Got fleeced so hard. That's good. Thank You. It Smells so bad in here. Hank. You're fire fest. Hmm. I hadn't thought about that. No, I mean I have a few. It's been, it's been remedied so I don't know that it really counts. It was over the weekend also. I've been just sleeping in like a hard shell taco this week.


It's been fun. But it's camp like you can't really complain about camp. That's just kind of what you get Hard. Shell taco. I mean my bed is literally like concave. No, his bed is broken. His bed is the first Day there was other beds in our bunk. That's true. You could have just slept on a different bed Or you could have swapped the beds. But yeah, the first Day Hank comes up to me and he is like, is your bed like inverted like this? And I went And I looked at it and it literally looked like the trampoline yesterday. Like the middle of it was just sinking to the floor. You sleeping in a taco? Yeah, I, I think there were Hard shell tacos. There were like three other mattresses that weren't being used. I don't think it was the mattress. I think it was the, The frame. It was the frame. Bed Frame. Yeah. You've had trouble.


It was ultimately, I'll fix it tomorrow then by the time it's bedtime. I was like, yeah, I'll just sleep on it. So it's really my own fault. I also, but Did you sleep on a bed that had fucked up slats for like nine months? Yeah, for like three months. I actually found that picture the other day. It wasn't even the slats, it was the construction of the bed. That's neither here nor there. Who made The bed? Me. I was basically sleeping like in like downwards. Like I was doing like Declined sleeping with blood, just rushing in my head every night. I also had an issue with my stove over the weekend that it, like it wasn't working. It had an error message. You know, gimme the number to call. So I called and they told me I had to mess with my, you know, circuit, circuit breaker board.


And my circuit breaker board wasn't labeled. So the lady was just having me turn things on, turn things off. I finally fixed the stove, accidentally killed all the power in my bedroom hallway and like the ac. So I didn't have, and, and then no one was working in my building till Monday. So I had to sleep like in my living room on the couch with a fan, like at my face for two nights. Jesus Hank. Yeah. But I fixed Brutal. Yeah, we fixed it. So you just haven't been, you've been sleeping either in like a hot room with a fan or in a taco. Yeah, so I'm excited to get back tonight and sleep normally for once. Get that, get that AC bus. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright. PFT. My FY fest of the week is, I mean it's been a fun week.


I don't have a lot to complain about because going to summer camp is, it's fun. And getting to hang out with boys and basically just play, play sports all day. Competitive games all day. Yep. Has been a great time. The first night we got here, we got in a little bit late and it was myself. It was actually all of PMT and then the busing guys came in with us. So we get to our bunks, we set up, I believe. Hank were you passing out mouth tape or was Big Cat passing up? Not me. Will Compton. Will Compton. I was too. I saw a mouth Tape. Yeah. So everybody, I, I did not use mouth tape. I'm afraid like I'm asleep. I sneeze. I don't know what that's gonna be like. I don't wanna tape my mouth before I go to sleep. But everybody had it. We're going to bed and we're all sending pictures in the group chat to each other of us with mouth tape on.


Fast forward a couple days, we're watching hard knocks and there was one TV that was set up we're seated in this very, very dark room. All the lights were out, just the TV was on. And it was a lot of people from bars still and a lot of people that are counselors here at the camp that are watching hard knocks with us. And during that hard knocks, I was posting a picture that I'd just taken of the TV with Caleb Williams on it, with us interviewing Caleb to promote the show. Being like tomorrow's Pardon My Take. And I'm taking out my phone, I'm going through my photos to select those pictures and there's some other photos that are in my phone that are saved right next to it. The guy, one of the counselors looks over my shoulder at my phone as I'm selecting the pictures of Caleb from Hard knocks.


And he's staring at my phone and he's looking at me. I'm like, oh shit. He saw something else. So when we're passing it, when we're sending all these pictures from the mouth tape incident on Tues Monday night to each other, I respond to the group chat with a picture of my balls. And I said, naked balls. Naked balls. And I said, oh shit guys. I think I just got bit by a bug. Classic bit with the boys, but the counselor that was sitting next to me just saw like three pictures because I of your balls. I had to get the lighting right. He saw three pictures of my balls on my phone and he just thinks that I've got nudes for days saved on my phone.


Of your Balls. Of my balls. Never looked at another man's ball. And he, he gave, he gave me quite a look. It was partially confused actually. It's been Like, hey, I was just sending my balls to the boys. Turned on was maybe like, oh he didn't touch my leg or anything afterwards. But I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. but it was a little bit embarrassing for me. So I guess that's the worst thing that happened to me this week. That's not that bad. Yeah, that's not that bad. Some guy just thinks that I have a lot of pictures of my balls on my phone. Yeah. Which he doesn't realize you sent it to your boys. It was, it was to send to other men. So it's not Well it was a very funny picture. It's not like I'm gay or anything. Yeah, It was a very funny picture. Okay, I'm gonna seed my firefighter. 'cause I've had a great time this week. I had nothing bad happen, knock on wood. We were on hard knocks. We've been at summer camp, can't complain. Living the dream.


Got a blessed life. I'll see my fire fest to my good friend. Max. Max. Have you, do you have a fire fest this week? Yeah, I got a little bit of like a call from from the camp I think. Yeah. What about when you were competing in any of the events? Did you take anything too seriously? Yeah. And then have your team win? So you were the guy who shoved the ref in a win. No, I actually, yeah. What happened? Big, Cat was saying it all week that we like don't get, think about it. Like If, you get too competitive. You're gonna regret it. You're gonna regret it. I had the most instant regret I think I've ever had in my time here at Barstool.


There's maybe not, there's a line. Yeah, there's a line. When we do these events or, or these activities where I get competitive, everyone should be competitive. But If, you take it too far, you then come across as the guy who's just being a hardo. I smashed that line. Like absolutely smashed it. And it was one of those things where I smashed it so far hard and then I took like 30 seconds and it was like, holy shit. What, what did I just do? So explain it to the people. Okay, this is what happened. We're it was the final event. It was the, the championship of the week. Yep. Some, some may say there was some tactics to get it, to get in my head.


There were some t tactics to get into the referee's head. I think the person who was doing those tactics did a good job of getting in both party's heads, Which he's, he's referring to me in this situation. I somehow got into both of their heads. Both with one sentence. Yep. Yep. It it's, it's very true. I thought the referee was taking the words from Big Cat and purposely trying to Screw you over. Screw me over. And I, I was An, I think the worst part was the throw max took an egg and, and basically recreated the, the Billy football wiffle Ball throw and then shoved Rico Max when he just spiked The shove, Spiked the ball under the ground Max, What were you so upset about?


He, He thought he got a bad, so what happened was the Throwing him good enough eggs, Rico Had to throw eggs to max. And as the event was about to start, I said to Rico, 'cause I was on the other team, I said, Rico, remember all the things we talked about this morning? And then I was basically the uncle from the Godfather two showing up to the courtroom just being like, Hey, I'm here. And, and Max was like, well Rico, don't you take your integrity as a ref very seriously. And I just yelled, he takes his career even more serious. And then it was just on, the two of them were locked in mental warfare that I had started and Max pushed Rico yelled at him, threw an egg at him, the egg, and they ended up winning.


Yeah. So Max basically it boils down to the fact that Rico was throwing eggs too high into the air. Play The clip. They're Far. So then you shoved them Just the sound of the clip of the end of the clip of Max. Oh, don't take off the headphones. Max. That's bullshiting you Max was putting his, he was putting his fingers in his ears like a toddler at dinner last night when we kept on playing the clip. Look at him right now. He looks like a firetrucks Coming. Oh. Oh, no. Short, short, short max. You're good. Take What the fuck was that go? Oh, I, he was running.


I mean, that's fucking horse shit, you know, left. You didn't do that shit at all. He got so Italian. That's horses shitting, you know, that's fucking horse shit. And you know it, It was horse shit. It was Horse shit. I'm, I'm sorry, I, I, I think I've apologized to Rico like 60 times in the past day and to, to his credit, he didn't care at all. Of course he didn't like, he was like, he was like, dude, I didn't mean to throw him that far. I was like, dude, I'm apologize. Like I overreacted so much. He was like, I didn't mean to throw him that far. Like I'm just tired and I'm like, me and Rico are are good. I Rico is like game respect game. I know where you're coming from.


I would've done the same thing. Yeah. So I think that was something that I regret very deeply. I've been super anxious about it the past. You're fine. Max 24 hours. And it's just so I, I'm gonna have to just, If anyone should apologize, it should be me for getting in both of your heads with one simple sentence. No, well I'm not going to apologize, but if anyone should, it would be me. But you're, that that was your, I I I said that that was your Magna Carta. Just like me and Rico, like the two People. Wait, wait, what? That was his what? Magna Carta is that not Right there. He made Magnum opus. Magnum opus. No, I since he was, I was the joker just walking by and just throwing Isn't the holy Grail though. I Was Magna Carta Holy grail though. I was throwing a lit match right in between the two of them and they both just were on fire yelling at each other.


Well he didn't yell to, to his credit. Yeah, he just threw eggs. Crazy. Yeah, The eggs were thrown high into the air. It's not, it was the But you have to explain people distance. Why, why you got mad. I know you're mad because Ricoh threw bad eggs. Yeah, I know. That's, it's so bad, So bad in a game where they end up winning. Yeah. Alright, Huey wrap us up. My fire fest is, I haven't taken a shit since I've gotten here. What? And I, and I don't know what's going on. Wait, What? I don't know what's going on. I've eaten every day. Three meals that snacks don't know what's going on. Is Your body just telling you like this is, you're in a bad place right now. We need to concern maybe, maybe you're operating so efficiently that you're not creating any waste.


What? I've done this as a kid before where we've gone on trips and I just, I'll pee fine. Everything else works. What the fuck for like four days? Oh, I forgot to say too, one of the craziest things that came outta camp was, I don't know, If, you saw this PFT, but I think it happened multiple times. If, you walked by on the basketball court. It was just memes and Shane playing two on one verse Huey. And it was insane to watch. It got up to four on One. It was just four on. They were just like bullying him. Like he would like, would never touch the ball because it was two on one. The editors looked like, like they were Harlem Globetrotters out there.


I mean, It was, it was incredible. He was just floundering around trying to, and like I walked by actually before last night when Mames literally was like, Huey, you ready for some two on one? It's like they're still doing this. It's, yeah, it's his own sport. It was so funny. It's like a time game. How, how quickly can you get to 11 points against Huey you against a Plot? Yeah. I I won one of the games. What? You Beat him? And I was within one shot on three of them. What? So How I could shoot. Oh, every time I would shoot, I, I'd yell Calin Caitlyn. Yeah. He goes, I I'm her. Alright. So Huey, you got a shit, man. Yeah, I ate some before you get on this bus. I Ate some fruit this morning. Seemed to have done more damage than, than anything I've eaten so far.


So have You Shit. No, not yet. But I, I've Have you had coffee? No, I'm not a coffee Guy. Drink some coffee. That would probably, yeah. Be new to my system. Yeah. If. you drink a cup of coffee and you've never drank coffee that's gonna run through you like, like it's going through a goose. I'm also A little scared of these bathrooms and I don't know if that's just, They're fine. Yeah, They're okay. No, I, I understand what Huey I think your body is just anxious. I think since you know that you're away from home base, there's a comfortability. There's a comfortability. Your body knows to shut it down until you get back into like a situation where you're comfortable pooping. Yeah. Something's up. But we're gonna be All right. Huey, you wanna finish this cup of coffee? It's just a little bit of coffee.


Sure, sure. I'll give it a, I'll give it a shot. Okay. Well We gotta, we gotta have you shit in Huey. Yeah, we do. It's part of your job description. Yeah, we do. Give him a sticker when he is done. Okay. Next week. Football week. Fully, fully. I know there's four games Saturday, which we'll talk about on Monday, but full football week, we're gonna prep everyone for week one of college football. We got some great guests lined up. So let's kick it to ourselves back in studio with numbers. Love you guys. Okay, Let's wrap up the week. Let's do some numbers. 56, 8, 20 Go.


97 Pug. Juan 21. What was that? Juan? Juan. Juan. Juan. What is that? I think it's 86. 86. You thought it was 56? No, I thought it was 98. Yeah, I forgot he did 97 max. I mad men mean I don't think about you.


Okay. I mean you literally only pick my two numbers. No, they're my two. And you start off. Whoa. They're my two numbers. And you start off every single one of these asking if I've ever gotten it. Have you ever gotten the lottery Ball? I don't. I've gotten numbers. Have you ever Gotten either? I've never think about, I've never gotten, I've never gotten The lottery ball. No, not on this machine. Yeah, the lottery Ball is all that matters. And you know that. You know that. I got the number. Love you guys. Come On Harry. We wanna say.