
Elia stopped eating meat when he was three or four. His mom can't remember. It's been so long. He was seven when I talked to her And, he doesn't think that anybody else should eat meat either. And, he freaks out. He cried and pleaded at his grandmother's at New Year's when he heard that she might cook brisket till she offered not to. There was the time that he got so upset in a restaurant smelling the meat, cooking in the kitchen and seeing all the people around them eat their meals that he had to go sit up front by the door and it kills him. Especially to think that his little brother might still be eating animals. His brother Theo had just turned five at the time of this interview. And emphatically is not a vegetarian. What a surprise. Two brothers. Their mom. Rachel says that Theo is not asking to eat meat in front of Elias.


He's not asking to eat it all that often. He Wants to eat meat sometimes. and I think he feels. It's not fair that Elias, you know, I think he calls him the God of food and that Elias doesn't have the right to be the God of food and tell Theo what to do. It causes a lot of conflict and I think there are conversations almost every single day around this. She recorded one of those conversations for us when she was taking Theo, the meat eater to a party. There's gonna be food at the party and his brother was gonna be there. The god of food. What would Theo eat? So Theo, we're going to this potluck. What do you, what do you think's gonna be there? Well, I hope there's meat and If. you get If, you gimme meat. Just let me eat it.


So what do you think would happen If? you ate meat at the potluck? Well we would. Eli would fight. You and Eli would fight. Yeah, well that would be bad, but I don dunno what's gonna happen. Well, do you think it's, This is, tonight is a night for Elias's class. Do you think you could not eat meat tonight so he doesn't have to have a freakout in front of all of his friends? What do you think? No, I wanna eat some because, because he always says don't eat any meat for the rest of your life. I know I Think things will change when he gets older, but I just want you to think about whether or not you think it's worth it for him to scream and yell at school tonight with all of his friends. Okay, think about that. Okay. Deal.


Well when he is not looking, I'll eat him When he is not looking. Yeah. Hmm. Do you think this gives Elias too much power over Theo? Yeah, I mean it's definitely a concern. And at some point, probably a year into his vegetarianism, he asked that we wouldn't be eating meat either and that, that the house wouldn't have any meat. And that was something that my husband and I had to, you know, take a step back and think about and, and you know, people would say to us, you know, how can you have your 7-year-old making decisions about how you're gonna be running your family? And I guess our response has always been you have to, you have to hear how our child talks about meat and how it feels to him when he sees us eat meat and other people around him and his close family eating meat.


It's such a painful experience for him. Okay. I just wanna say before we go any further, If, you are hearing all this and you're feeling judgy about these parents and I know you are because that is a national pastime judging other people's parenting. I just wanna say I totally felt that way until I heard Elias. Just like she says and hearing Elias made me realize, oh right. She actually is in a really tough situation where she has these two kids and they both have really strong feelings about this and she doesn't wanna crush either one of them. And listen, here's Rachel with Elias. What made you decide to become a vegetarian? Do you remember? Yep.


And so basically I just always thought that how they got meat was finding dead animals like on the side of the road or something. But then I figured out they're actually killing them and I thought it wasn't that nice so I stopped eating it. What do you think about other people eating meat? I really don't like it. And. what do you, what do you say about what you wanna do with your life? And, what do you like, what's your goal in life? One of your goals? I know you have lots of them To get everybody vegetarian. And, what do you feel about animals?


I feel like, well, do you like them? Yeah, I love animals and, and I know that are, there are only like 1000 giant pandas left in the world and also 30 armored leopards, so they're pretty in danger. And, what do you think about how, how the way people treat animals in general? Well, most of them not very nice. Like think about lambs, they, they get killed for nothing. Every time you talk about that you start to cry, huh? Yeah. Lambs in particular are hard for you, huh?


Yeah, The family did stop eating meat at home after Elias asked though, Rachel says that they actually didn't eat much meat before that either. Maybe once a week they'd have fish or Turkey. And for now she and her husband's strategy with her two boys is that they try to get them to talk to each other and see each other's point of view crossing their fingers that in the long run that's gonna be best for both of 'em. In the short run though, it is complicated, you know, for any parent there are always the things that you let go in the short run 'cause you cannot fight every fight. And for a while Theo the one who eats meat with secretly going out and getting Turkey sandwiches with his dad after soccer, they would even dance this little Turkey dance when they did it. Or here's Rachel with Theo, the meat eater on a Thursday, Fridays the boys' school serves pizza and you can get plain or pepperoni and of course Elias does not like it if Theo eats the pepperoni.


What do you think is gonna happen tomorrow about the pepperoni pizza? Well, since I don't have lunch at the same time, he won't, he'll ask me and then I'll just lie to say I got peanut butter jelly or any other snacks. Okay, think it's gonna work. I don know it'll be a hard choice to do peanut butter, jelly or cheese. But what are you really gonna do? Peppers. So is it okay for, for your five-year-old to tell you they're gonna deal with the situation just by lying to their siblings? Well I, I will say that we have come some way since that was taped and we don't lie about it anymore.


And that was sort of, I think an interim fix. What made him stop lying? I think probably the more we are talking about it, the more I realize this didn't, it didn't feel great and so I was sort of being more open with Elias and saying you just, you have to realize that This is, This is the reality of who Theo is and who he has the right to be. And Theo has his own choices. And, he has the right to those choices. And even though for you This is, doesn't make any sense right Now. One of the things you recorded was a conversation where you're talking to him about, about whether Theo has the right to do this. Can you tell me a little bit about what happens with you and Theo? Like, you know, when he wants to eat meat and you don't want him to, and the pepperoni whole thing that happens every Friday, I Normally kick him in the butt and yell at him a lot.


Literally you kick him in the butt. Yeah. Hmm. Do you think that makes him want to eat meat less? No. Or do you think maybe the opposite. Opposite probably. And do we, what do you think about when we talk about that you can't control other people And what they eat? What do you mean by that? That you, it's not your job to tell other people what to do about what they get to eat. Right? We've talked about that, right? Do you think it's true that you have don't have a right to tell other people what to do? Yeah, I Guess. You guess, but it's hard. I feel like when he says that he's not totally sure he believes it yet. No, I agree.


You Can hear in his voice like, I know This is the right thing to say. Exactly. But this can't be the truth, can It? Exactly. Yeah. Okay. An important fact. Theo is not being crushed by Elia's demands, if anything between the two of them. Theo is the dominant brother in most situations. He's outgoing, he's funny, he's a big personality in whatever room he walks into And, he gets his way with Elias all the time. Like for instance, when the family took this day trip to visit Rachel's mom, and coincidentally it happened to be the day of a herring run, which comes once a year. And so they stopped at this herring ladder, whatever that is, We are cheering for the herring and they're doing their final leap into the water to go back to their spawning grounds.


And we finally leave, we go back to my mother's house and Theo runs to the refrigerator, opens the door, pulls out the jar of herring and goes, mm, I can't wait to eat that herring. And, and it was just like, wow. Like, and of course there then became Elias, you know, pleading and crying and hoping and hoping that Theo wasn't going to eat this herring that we just saw all of his cousins, you know, did He eat the herring? Oh yes. So he ate the herring out in the porch. Theo Elias I think cried in the living room. Elias, however, is always coming up with new tactics. Like in the car. Recently he made this proposal to Theo involving Matchbox cars and Rachel flipped on the recorder.


So tell me what you were just saying that Elias, you had a plan. What was the plan? You said Theo. If. you what? Be a vegetarian for two weeks. I'll get you three new cards. Yay. And, what do you have to say? B? No, but does that seem like a fair deal? If, you are a vegetarian for three weeks. You'd get, you'd get three car, two, two weeks. Is it worth it to you? Is that true Mama, will you really? Jimmy This is not my negotiations. Yes, I'll If you do it for three weeks, I'll give you eight. But will you gimme they do it one week. So This is where they are now.


Rachel and her husband insert themselves in the middle of these negotiations or they get dragged into the middle between the two boys. As parents, they have to ad hoc their way through each new thing the boys come up with on this, like here, with this Matchbox deal, the boys could not agree on what is a, you know, critical part of any negotiation of any contract. And, that is the start date of the deal. Would their deal begin before or after Friday's? Pepperoni pizza day at school? I'm getting pepperoni. So You want to start after Friday? Being a vegetarian starts on Friday. No. So Fine. It starts on Saturday. Alright, good.


But can you guys shake on it? I think that's Interesting. Well today on our program, people Stuck in the Middle, you know the saying necessity is the mother of invention. Being Stuck in the Middle of some situation is just like that because that is when ingenuity has to kick in. That is when you see people trying to MacGyver their way out trying stuff that it is surprising to see anyone try. We have three stories today of three radically different sorts of situations and they outcomes from WBEZ, EC Chicago, it is This, American, Life America Glass. Stay with us,


Support for This. American. Life comes from Squarespace and all in one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place, all on your terms. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash American to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


This American Life Today show is rerun at one. Do you hear what I hear? So there's certain locations that we all find ourselves in sometimes where we're just supposed to sit and wait Stuck in the Middle of not exactly nowhere but nowhere. Interesting. I'm talking about, you know, the rows of chairs and airports that you sit in by the door for your flight or doctors office waiting rooms. And finally, the mundane spot that one man found himself in. Over and over Sara Corbett has the story about her father-in-law. I showed up for the first time at my father-in-Law's house in 1992. He sat me down at the kitchen table and we had a nice get to know you sort of conversation.


I was 24, Dick was about 60 And. he pulled out a pen and took notes on what I was saying at the time. I had no idea why he was doing this, but Dick is like this about everything that interests him. He spent his entire career working for IBM going back to the fifties and sixties when working at IBM was like working at nasa. The kind of problems he worked on took weeks or months to solve And. he loved it. He's thorough a process man as Dick sees it. If something catches his attention, it's clearly worth gathering data on. And if it's worth gathering data on, it's worth getting to the bottom of, including recently a certain piece of music Hospital.


Hello. Could you do me a great favor? This is a very unusual call, but you know the music you have the holding music when you put me on hold, it plays it. Could you do that for me for a minute? Okay. I appreciate that very much. That's Dick. And for the last two years he's been very, very interested in a piece of hold music. The first time I heard it when I was talking to Stanford Hospital, that's the call that started the whole thing. and I love the song. Just very unusual. It was Bells and synthesizer and I just clapping. It was a unusual piece. It's, it's very hard to describe.


He heard the hold music again when he called the medical billing center in Atlanta, and again with his cardiologist, then he had a hernia, then a kidney stone. This one song it turns out is the hold music for Dick's entire healthcare network. He's 81 in great health, but 81 is 81 and he's the one who deals with all the appointments, the follow-ups, the billing, both for him and his wife, Maryanne. So if I called any number of doctors in the area, I would hear that music and every time I heard it, it would just again remind me of what in the Devil is that Tune. He couldn't find the name of it. He couldn't find it period anywhere except on hold.


And of course he took notes on the phone calls where he was hearing it because Dick takes notes on every phone call. The songs not in the databases of music apps like Shazam and SoundHound. By the way, Dick tried it to identify the song he needed human help and a surprising number of people in medical offices. Strangers he met over the phone, were willing to take this on. These were exactly the kind of people Dick is always looking for when he is on a quest, The kind of person that would, you know, get into it. A few people called their communications departments to see if they could turn anything up. No luck. A woman, seven states away, spent a whole weekend looking up songs online to try and find a match. Dead end, you know, who was the least helpful? Dick's family.


We did not get into it. Dick called us his sons and daughters-in-Law and tried to hum the music over the phone. We blew it off. Dick described the hold song as haunting, but it was like a ghost. None of us saw or even believed in And. he could tell. I think when you get older, you get more of that in your life where people are questioning whether you're really seeing it right or you remember it right or whatever. And that does get you to feel a little isolated, a little, you know? Yes you do. I did feel a little bit that way and like, I can't go on keep asking people, what's this music all about?


and I can't describe it and, and you sort of find that you better just let it go and you, you don't want to, and you but it, it sort of fades after a while until you hear it again. When you call another doctor's office and then it's back. So I'll put those in here. This is Dick going through some of the overstuffed cabinets at my house in Maine. He does this almost every time he comes to visit. He'll spend entire weekends in our basement sorting out the tools we rarely use, collapsing all the empty cardboard boxes that accumulate down there.


He'll sift through old papers, double check our tax returns. He sees in my cabinets a bonanza of things that need sorting and labeling. I think I'll get a box for all your, your goodies like this, one of those cardboard boxes before we throw 'em out, I'll label it and put those together. Like This is the advantage of having a process, man in the family. Dick stays with your problem until it's been solved, the cabinets or whatever. A couple of years ago, my husband and I were about to buy a new house when Dick swooped in and spent three days doing a copious market analysis, which made it clear that we were about to make a bad investment. He doesn't let himself off the hook for anything big or small because things don't let him off the hook. Yeah, He, he's not fooling around.


This is his wife Maryanne With life or feelings or getting things right or doing it complete. There is nothing in his life that is, is inconsequential. Everything matters. Can you think of anything that you've done that you did sloppily or hastily or Not really? Nothing Don? Don't think so. I i I, it would be just not in my vocabulary to do something and say, okay, that's good enough, let's go. And yet I I don't say that's right. I really don't say that's right. And a lot of times I, I think that it's wrong and I should be on to something else.


I can hear the music in my head now. Dumb dumb. This woman Denise Carter Stanley was Dick's Jackpot. She's the registrar at the Medical Imaging Center where he went one day to get a CAT scan. Great Gal. She was a single mom and she had been going to school at night and we talked about a lot of things and she was the kind of person that would, you know, get into it. Denise is on hold a lot inside the larger hospital network. She says she's been hearing the hold music every day for what she estimates is about an hour and a half a day for the last seven years. She likes the music. The first time Dick walked into her office, there was Denise playing the hold music, his hold music on speaker phone at her desk in seven years.


Have other people asked you about the hold music? Actually, they have. They have, but I just, I never got into it with them the way that he and I did. They were just like, you know, casually. Yeah, that whole music. Do you know who was my like, no, but when he came in it was really different. It was like he was really interested and really wanted to know. She called the it department at her hospital. They thought she was crazy. She made more calls. Let me see if I even still have all my information. Are you, are you like Dick, that you keep notes on all this stuff? Yeah, I do because some, sometimes you just get fixated on, on something and you just, you have to know and you can't rest until you, until you know.


So you're a persistent person. Yes, very. When you recognize somebody else who's persistent, do you have a special bond with them? Yes. Because I know then they, they get me. I I get them and they get me. So is that how you feel about Dick? That he Yes. He's one of your tribe. Yes. Denise. Digging around. Finally turned up the key fact the music came from Cisco, the company that provides the hospital's phone system. Cisco's the number one supplier of corporate phones like this in the world. Dick went to his local library and a woman there, I wanna say her name on the radio because she cracked a case.


Her name is Abby Cecil. She went to YouTube and found an audio recording that's called Simply one Hour of Cisco Call Manager Default Hold music. Can we do it? I wanna hear it. Okay. There are hundreds of comments posted about this song. Pages and pages Ensure some people can't stand it, but most of the comments are like this best hold music ever made. I love this song. So Addictively Pleasant, please put me back on hold so I can listen to it some more.


I work in a call center and this music is the best to listen to after dealing with rude customers. I thought I was the only person who loved this. I've been looking for this song for almost three years. Dick read these comments with relief. I just can't seem to help myself. I have been calling and asking another document on campus to put me on hold. See, she's calling and asking people to put her on hold because I love that. Hold music. You see there are other crazies, huh? Well, I must say, you know, from being what compulsive about it in the early times when I was trying to find him saying, you know, why are you so compulsive about this?


You crazy? And and then I started to read this, I must say did a lot for my mental health. Yeah, you're feeling better about yourself now. You're not alone. That mental condition. Yeah. The librarian also helped Dick find a title for the song. It's called Opus Number One, and that's when I finally got into it. Dick This is for you. My name is Tim Carlton and I am the composer of Opus number one. You're hard to find, by the way. Do you know that about yourself? Yeah. I don't really have much of a web presence. Tim was 16 years old when he wrote Opus number one. It was recorded in 1989 on a four track tape by one of his high school buddies, Derek Diehl.


Tim was a yani loving computer nerd, messing around with a drum machine and a synthesizer in his parents' garage in California. That five minutes of tape is now on 65 million. Cisco phone sets worldwide as the default hold music. It's what everyone hears unless someone inside the system makes an effort to change it. Tim was in his twenties when he got a call from Derek about Opus number one. Derek had taken a job at Cisco designing phone systems And he's like, dude, if, if If you send this over and give us, give us permission to do this, we can make this the default. I think I can get this in. And it was, you know, like putting an Easter egg in a, in a, in a DVD or, or software. Just like a little hidden gem that, oh yeah, the next time you're on hold it might be my music.


I just thought it would be a, a cool piece of trivia. So, and then technically what happens, so they license the music from you. I mean do they renew their license every few years? Like, are you making any money off of it? Not a penny. So I think that's probably my most legit claim as a music artist. I didn't make any money for my music. Tim's not a musician anymore. He's an IT guy now. He manages the server at a bank in California. What is it like to be put on hold and hear your own music? It's, it's really embarrassing when, when you're not expecting to hear that and then all of a sudden you have that memory pop up.


I I just, I start blushing immediately. It's just, it's it's a different time. It's not the the same person I am today. So is it sort of like looking back at a picture of yourself from 1987 and saying, oh, why was I wearing that outfit? Oh, exactly that. That's exactly it. So has anybody, has it ever yielded anything good for you? I mean, is it ever, if it hasn't made you money, has it anybody ever bought you a drink in a bar? If you picked up women with it or, you know, has there any no rockstar application here? I I, no, I don't think I've, I've ever actually tried to use the, you know, I wrote the default hold music for a lot of companies.


Tim and Derek are still friends and Derek's the only one after all these years making any sort of music. He creates new ringtones for phones, which Tim admits he's a little jealous of It. It's something that, you know, people are, are, are choosing to put on their phone as opposed to this, this music being forced on them. I think that would've been more entertaining to me. I see. So yeah. So you feel like your your, your music has been forced on millions of people. Yes. So it's not exactly something to brag about. That's, I I think the source of my embarrassment. Yeah. I told Tim, my father-in-Law wanted a copy of the song to put on his iPod because he wants to play it around the house as he does chores and pays bills and the comments on YouTube.


Lots of people said they wanted a copy. Tim found this almost impossible to fathom, but he and Derek sent it anyway. Full fidelity in stereo Sara Corbett in Portland, Maine. Her father-in-Law. Dick is now 92. Like I said earlier, today's show is a rerun. He still loves Opus number one, If. you have not had enough of this song. It's available at better hospital phone systems everywhere. We also have links to streamable and downloadable versions at our website, This American Life dot org Coming up, Orthodox Jews and karate and cattle prods and so much more.


That's in a minute. From Chicago Bubba Radio, when our program continues


support for This American Life comes from Squarespace and all in one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place, all on your terms. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash American to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


This American Life IRA Glass. Each week on a program, of course we choose a theme. Bring you different kinds of stories on that theme. Today's program Stuck in the Middle stories of people who cannot get out of some situations, some limbo. They are caught in and so they use ingenuity and guile or anyway, unconventional means to get themselves unstuck. We have arrived at Act Two of Our show, Act Two, sunrise Sun. Get not that long ago, there was a kind of wacky news story that was news for a day or so. In New, York City. It was on the cover of the tabloids. It was on all the local news channels in the Tri-state area. And at its heart, were people stuck in a kind of limbo? Mark Oppenheimer has more. The news was pretty startling.


A group of men, including a Brooklyn rabbi named Mendel Epstein had been arrested for conspiring to kidnap a husband and torture him until he gave his wife a get. The get is simply a piece of paper. A husband hands his wife saying essentially it's over, we're divorced. Jews can get civil divorces like anyone else, but if you're an Orthodox Jew, strictly following Jewish law, the get is the only real way to end a marriage. Usually this goes off without a hitch, but sometimes a woman wants to get divorced and the husband refuses to give a get. That's where Rabbi Epstein came in. According to the complaint, Epstein talked about forcing compliance through the use of tough guys who utilize electric cattle prods, karate handcuffs, and place plastic bags over the heads of the husbands.


I Guarantee the criminal complaint against Epstein and a fellow rabbi named Martin Walmart alleged that the rabbis agreed to arrange a beat down of a reluctant husband and they were asking for more than $50,000 to do it. Here's the US attorney for New Jersey, Paul Fishman laying this all out to the press. The charges are kidnapping and extortion, violent crime to get Jewish men to give divorces that they wouldn't otherwise give. And, and it's not really an exercise of religion, it's really about money and, and violent crime. When the story first broke, what kind of got lost is that it's not just about cash karate and cattle prods, it's also about women who are stuck, essentially trapped in failed marriages for the past couple years.


As a religion reporter, I've been interviewing Jewish women in just this situation and it can be pretty horrible. Some men refuse to give a get because they still love their wives and hope to reconcile, but others just want leverage so they can demand, for example, lots of money. Anywhere between half a million and $2 million depending on the day. and I guess the position of the sun in the sky. This is Gaal Dolson. She's an orthodox Jewish woman and she's what's known as an Laguna, that's the word in Hebrew for a woman whose husband refuses to give her a divorce. Literally it means a changed wife. Besides money, lots of money. Tal says her husband has a long list of demands for her to meet if she wants her get He wants.


I I have a 4-year-old son, he wants 50 50 custody where my son would be a week with me and a week with him. But Gaal lives in New Jersey. Her husband's on Staten Island. The boy would have to enroll in two schools and alternate weeks. Keep in mind, Gaal already has a civil divorce and the custody and financial arrangements have been settled by a judge. Tal says that her husband, who by the way didn't return my calls, is always changing what he's asking for. At one point she says he demanded they get rid of the coordinator who's overseeing the custody of their son. Another time he insisted that she promised to tell the boy someday that the divorce was all his mother's fault. Tal says she should have seen it coming.


I was young and dumb and there were a lot of things that maybe should have been red flags that I wasn't paying attention to. He'd said while we, while we were dating, he told me once that he's always right. Now I, I laughed 'cause don don't know who says that when no one says that. Seriously. So I assumed he was joking And, he wasn't joking. You know, a week into my marriage I was looking back and kicking myself. 'cause I mean I should, I should have stopped dating him right there. But I didn't realize, and you know, by the time I realized it was too late, I actually find it easier to explain now that he hasn't given a get for four years because the way he's trying to control me now through the get, that's what he tried to do throughout the whole marriage.


Everything was subject to his control and, and subject to his demands. He had to have a final say in everything, even in, in, in what we were having for supper or, or the brand of laundry detergent that I used or anything. And nothing was too small for him to care about. Of course, there are always two sides to every divorce. and I tried to get her husband's side when he didn't call back, I tried his parents, his uncle, even his grandmother, his Bobby, and none of them would talk to me. I finally spoke with her husband's lawyer who disputed nearly every one of guitar's assertions. He said the sticking points for his client are tiny, reasonable things like what hour on Friday he can pick up his son so he doesn't have to drive after Sabbath begins at sundown.


But Al's side of the story has been backed up by a rabbinic court called a BasedIn. A BasedIn is a group of three rabbis. Orthodox Jews sometimes turn to, to settle disputes outside the civil courts when her husband wouldn't give a get. Tal tried to bring him before the Bain, but he refused to show up. So the rabbis issued something called a searu. It's basically a contempt of court. It's supposed to ostracize him in the community. Al's brother aye is a full-time scholar of Jewish law. And. he says the SRU is usually an effective tool. You know, SRU is, you know, if followed properly by the community is an incredibly powerful thing. It sort of cuts him off from, from every aspect of Jewish life. I mean, you know, you can't, you can't stand in his, you know, is within six feet of him, six square feet, eight square feet, whatever it is of him.


You can't count him for a minion. The minion is the quorum of 10 men needed for an orthodox prayer service. It's sort of like telling a devout Catholic that he can't receive communion. You know, he's really, you can't give him an Aaliyah, he can't be called up to the Torah and shul, which is, you know, it's a big honor. And you know, he doesn't get that anymore. He can't serve as a der you know, in the, in the, in the shul Chanting prayer. He can't do that. You're supposed to boycott his business, I think is that, well, you can't be near him, right? So Well, right, you can't be near him. And so, you know, so theoretically if followed properly, it's, it should be enough to both shame them as well as, you know, on a practical level, they don't have, you know, they're, they're losing all their contacts. You're not supposed to talk to 'em. You're not supposed to, you know, you can't give 'em a ride. Can't do 'em a favor.


This sort of ostracism would've worked back in the old country where you spent your whole life around the same couple thousand people, If, you were the village cobbler and all of a sudden you have no customers. You probably figured that it made sense to give your wife a get. But in the modern world, a sea roof doesn't always work so well. Rie believes that the Orthodox Jews on Staten Island, where his brother-in-law lives are still treating him like one of their own. So the shaming and community pressure isn't working. Tal of course could just walk away. She's already got her civil divorce. The finances are all settled. So is the child custody. But she can't get remarried. She's a 25-year-old woman. She'd like to have more kids. and I should point out, most Jews wouldn't care. Plenty of less religious Jews would be happy to marry Tal.


But in the Orthodox world where she was raised, where her whole family is where she wants to stay, she can't make a new life for herself. Her ex-husband can cast about for a new wife and then give Gaal a get if he finds somebody. But for Gaal it's different. What would it be like I mean? Could you, could you date? Well, I mean in my community you don't date unless you're actively looking to get married. And since I'm already married, that would pose a little bit of a problem. I don don't think I could find anyone who would be willing to date me under these circumstances where I say, Hey, I'm looking to get married, but you might have to wait two or three or four or 10 or 20 years because, you know, there's this man who's refusing to give me the get And.


he doesn't feel any urgency because he can get out of it whenever he wants. He can give me a get and be done with the whole thing within a day as soon as he decides he wants to. So for him, it's, it's just a waiting game where why not wait longer? If if his demands were something that I could give, I would've given it in a long time ago because this, this life is agony. I mean to wait and wait and never know and to be tied together like, like this. I would give anything I could to be finished with it.


Almost anything. She wouldn't resort to violence or hire a rabbi like mental Epstein, the rabbi who was arrested in Brooklyn. Now most of Epstein's work was above board. He'd advocate for women in rabbinic court. He'd serve as a go-between with the husband's family. That's how he made his living. But according to the FBI, Epstein took his work on behalf of women. One step too far. Rabbi Epstein, I should mention, is currently out on bail. But neither he nor his lawyer responded to my request for an interview. However, about a year ago before he was arrested, I actually met him, interviewed him at his dining room table. I recorded it on my phone. The interview started off pretty uneventful. So tell me what you do. Explain to me what you do. Well on the simplest level, people come to ask if they should get divorced.


At some point the interview kind of took a turn. Epstein told me about this case from 1992 when he got a call from a chained wife named Jennifer Klein. She had a civil divorce but no gad. And now her ex-husband had kidnapped their young son and fled to Peru. Epstein says he told her call the FBI, she said she'd done that, but she'd also heard that Rabbi Epstein could do things that the FBI couldn't do. Epstein told me that the woman had already found a group of ex CIA agents who were gonna help her find her husband and child. How'd she find out? I don't know. She found nothing to do with us. She found them. Epstein says she found them nothing to do with us.


Epstein's daughter, Batsheva a lawyer, was sitting right next to him. So he was choosing his words carefully, but not super carefully. As he continued with his story, he, the wife, the former secret agent man and a Jewish scribe are all bound for Peru. They find the husband break into the house, the kid's there, they save him, and then they head to the bathroom where the hired muscle had found the husband, The husband was already down on the floor, completely naked, seems he was taking a shower with the Indian maid. so we put him down pictures of that guy and then, and then we had a conversation with him. He said the words, he had to say, umm, you please write. He didn't say, please write and give a get to my wife.


and I agreed to it. And you, you are the messenger. He did everything he had to do. So they also made it. So how did the CIA man convince him to give the guest? I don know if we wanna discuss that I, don know if we wanna discuss that. His daughter said, Let's just say, got a little physical. Gotcha. Now, the CIA has this little pill. Just to be clear, the guy was an ex delta forces commando, not CIA, but whatever The CIA has this little pill, they put it in his mouth in a second alcohol.


so we, the guy weighed about 200 pounds. We lifted the guy out and we put him in the bathtub, locked the door. They asked the guy in the seat, how long is he gonna sleep? How, when will he wake up? So he said, rabbi, we didn't do diagnostics here. You understand a blood test like you do in the hospital. First of all, if he wakes up when that in, if he wakes up. Secondly, when he, The Houston Chronicle reported on this story in 1992 and ran a photo of the woman and her son reunited and posing with the hired gun from the Delta forces.


There are legends that This is exactly how these matters got settled back in the eastern European villages. You hired a thug from the C Zs army. He gave the husband a little talking to, and suddenly you had your get similar legends had floated around Epstein, The violence that he's accused of doing. Now, I would never have dreamed that that was what he engaged in. This is Rivka Hout. 30 years ago, Rivka and a couple friends founded an organization to help free agu. And back then they worked with Mendel. Epstein. She says, like everyone, she heard the rumors about some of his tactics, but she never imagined anything like what he's accused of. Now, I was very saddened because I knew Mendel many years, and I, I I, I still feel very sad about it.


I, I figured the most he does is grab men and, and kind of threaten. Now he's a big man. You've seen him, you know that he's, he's physically a big man and I like a little fist fighting that's slapping around that, that was my assumption Over the last few decades as more Orthodox women decided it was okay to get divorced. Mendel Epstein got a reputation as the rabbi women could trust. He was willing to take the women's side. He even published a little handbook to guide women through the divorce process. And Rka says Epstein was her guide too. She and her fellow activists were all orthodox, but they were pretty modern. They had TVs in their houses, some of them wore pants. So they needed someone like Epstein to help them establish trust with the ultra orthodox women who needed their help.


Mendel Epstein that I knew way back when, was a mentor to us. He taught us a lot about Anot And. he was a great help to anot. He tried to do the right thing. And, he was out to get justice for women. And, he did, he helped many, many women. Then at some point, she can't remember if it was 10 years or 20 years ago, there was an incident in her opinion of Epstein changed The way it worked for me. We were working on a particular case and And, he called me the night before And, he was bad maned.


He started saying very bad things about this woman who was a wonderful woman. and I was shocked and I said, what are you talking about? We are going out tomorrow. We're demonstrating on her behalf. He said, no, you're not, because you don't have a Sarah. and I said, we have a C of I'm holding it in my hand. It's a rabbi, a court document. He said, no, I got them to rescind it. I had them rescind it and you can't go out. You don't have a c of Why had he had it rescinded? Because he went to work for her husband. Oh, You know, if an attorney would do that, they get disbarred, but these rules don't apply. So he, he stopped working for her.


So the husband made him a better offer, I guess, I guess, and that that was a different phase of of him. And at that point we had to tell women don't go, don't, don't ask him for help and don't go to him. A colleague of Rivka remembered this too. Again, Epstein and his attorney declined to talk to me about any of this. Right now, a lot of Orthodox Jews are pretty embarrassed by these husbands who won't free their wives. It's cruel and they know it looks very bad to the outside world. A couple of solutions have been floated. One would be to grant women annulments like in the Catholic church, one, well-known Una in the Orthodox world.


Tamar Epstein recently announced that she considers herself free of her marriage. And everyone assumes it's because she found a rabbi to a null it. But this idea is controversial. It hasn't caught on not yet. So for now, if you're an agana, like a tall delson, a desperate woman trapped in this limbo, paying some rabbi to intervene almost makes sense. You know what the numbers that I've heard, my husband is demanding a lot more than that for the get. So you telling me I would, I'd pay a third party, a small amount of money and, and he'll get rid of the problem for me in ex, instead of having to fight it out with my husband and give him much, much, much more. It, it, it If you. Take out the fact that he's beating people up.


That that sounds like a pretty good deal. Not that she'd ever hire someone to beat up her ex, she's not willing to go that far. But as it happens, there's an old Jewish teaching that recalcitrant husbands should be beaten. And it wasn't some schmuck from Brooklyn who said, so it was my monies. The 12th century Spanish rabbi considered the greatest Jewish sage of all time. Maimonides wrote that a man could be beaten until he gave his wife a get. Here was his reasoning. Deep down, he said, all of us are torn between our good inclinations and our evil inclinations. And being beaten might be just what a man needs to drive out his evil side so that he can see the wisdom of releasing his wife.


Maimonides doesn't say anything about karate chops and cattle prods, but the principle's the same. Mark Oppenheimer, yet it's the Religion and Politics magazine arc. You can find it@arcmag.org. That's A-R-C-M-A g.org. Since we first broadcast this story in 2014, Tal did finally get her get Mendel. Epstein was sentenced to a 10 year prison sentence for asking undercover agents for $60,000 to kidnap a man and force him to grant his wife a divorce. He was released early in 2022.


Riv Hout died in 2014. If, you think that I'll wait for you. Were right. I'll give you everything you wanted. If, if I can and I look into makes me cry, makes me cry. I wake up early, Act Three contra trails of my tears sleep.


Well, when you're on an airplane, you are definitely Stuck in the Middle between the place that you left and the place that you are going. And Brett Martin says in that atmospheric limbo, things are different for us in at least one significant way. A couple of years ago, I was on a flight from New York to San Juan Puerto Rico. The movie was Sweet Home, Alabama, which you'll remember. It was about a southern girl played by Reese Witherspoon, who moves to New York, joins the fashion industry, and then is forced to return home and come to terms with her white trash roots at the end. There's a wedding scene when the character has to explain to her big city husband to be that she's leaving him for her earthy down home high school sweetheart. You see, the truth is, I gave my heart away a long time ago, my whole heart and I never really got it back.


and I, I don't even know what else to say, but I'm sorry I can't marry you. Into the stu silence that follows walks Candace Bergen as the jilted fiance's dragon Lady of a mother who coincidentally also happens to be the mayor of New York after a volley of insults Witherspoon Dex Bergen. And it was at this moment somewhere between when Witherspoon drawed, nobody talks to my mama like that. And her father, Earl smu raised his face to the heavens and declared praised the Lord. The South has risen again. That something began to happen to me. My face got hot and constricted. A softball rose in my throat that required a surprisingly loud snort to choke back.


My breathing grew rapid. In short, I lost it and started to cry. I should say that Sweet home Alabama is not a very good movie. It's actually a pretty terrible movie. I have no particular attachment to Reese Witherspoon, and I'm not from the South. Also, this was the fourth time I'd seen it. See my name is Brett and I cry at movies on airplanes. Not sometimes always, and not some movies. All movies don't believe me. Here's a by no means complete list. Bend it like Beckham 101. Dalmatians what a girl wants.


Daredevil, Let me be clear. I'm not afraid of flying. I like flying and I'm not a crier, at least not on land like many men I know. Even sensitive ones who know that having a cry can be healthy and good. I passed some invisible line in adolescence when I simply stopped doing it. There have been many times in life that I probably should have cried. I actually tried to cry and wasn't able to because of course I didn't happen to be at 30,000 feet. Needless to say, this can be embarrassing. I once confessed my problem to a friend And, he thought for a long moment before saying, I'm sorry to hear that.


Does it make your mascara run? Earlier this year, I was flying from Denver to New York and found myself seated next to a big burly guy with a cowboy shirt and a western belt buckle before takeoff. We talked about football or college basketball or something. Then they announced the movie. It was under the Tuscan Sun. I glanced at my macho new buddy, thought about watching Diane Lane experience love and loss while rediscovering her inner strength in a farmhouse in the Italian countryside and read the Sky Mall catalog instead. For a long time I thought I was alone in this. Then a few months ago, I was at a party and overheard another guest describe how he fell to pieces.


Watching an episode of Everybody Loves Raymond on a flight to California. I started asking around and found I wasn't completely alone. Greg is a 3-year-old guy in jeans, in a Mets hat who just finished writing a book about college sports. I think it might've been the only movie available was Dirty Dancing too. Havana Knights, the parents watch them dance and they see how special that this relationship is. And, and, and at that moment they've gone from angry parents to sort of accepting of Javier I mean I got choked up As my fellow Weepers will tell you, even not watching the movie is no guarantee of safety.


Here's my friend Lindsay. So I was on a flight, I believe California to New York. The specifics don't really stand out, but I do remember that it required a $2 deposit for earphones or something, and I wasn't ready to pay the $2 or I didn't have $2 and I decided I'd read my book. But you know, the movie's playing and I see it and I can't take my eyes off of it. So I end up watching the entire duration of the movie without sound. And at various points throughout it, I started welling up thinking, wow, I can't believe I'm crying in a movie. I'm, I can't hear the sound too. And it's freaky Friday.


Or take Steven an avid film festival goer and a professional movie critic who can discourse at length on the differences between early and late period. Awa his plane hadn't even taken off And they were just running this loop of commercials and in-flight programming and stuff, they, they hadn't started the movie. It was very early on and there was this Amex commercial, a man traveling through Europe and you know, I think it was nighttime, I wanna say it was raining or something. And this kind of haggard traveler, this businessman is walking briskly through the street and then they close up on a wallet, clearly his, that he had left behind unknowingly.


And then you see kind of cut to the hotel where he's checking in and the woman asks for a credit card and then he pats himself down and realizes he doesn't have it. And. he goes into a state of panic, I think that's when I started choking up. And then he gets American Express on the phone, they explain that it'll be okay, he'll have a credit card in the morning, and then I start to relax a little bit and then he says, wait a minute, I'm not gonna be in this city tomorrow. I have to travel. And then I started choking up again. And then they said, oh, we'll have it waiting for you in that city. And then I, I just started crying after that. I was so happy for him and relieved and it was a pretty tense situation there for, for about 15 or 20 seconds.


This is one of the strange features of our problem. We're less likely to cry at the sad parts of a movie or financial services industry commercial than at the happy ones. The parts where everything turns out all right. For instance, in the movie Larger Than Life, which I saw somewhere over the Atlantic a few years ago, it wasn't the moment when Bill Murray is separated from the elephant that is dead circus clown father, as left him as a means to change his life as a down on his luck motivational speaker that had me reaching for the tissues. It was when they were reunited. In fact, the first time this happened to me was during one of the happiest scenes I'd ever seen. It was in Big Night, Stanley Tuc Chi's movie about fraternal love and Italian food. Midway through the movie, TUC Chi's character and his brother stage a feast in their New Jersey restaurant.


And at one point bring out a whole roast pig. The camera pans across the faces of the guests, just amazed by this unbelievable bounty being wheeled into the room. And the lump began to rise in my throat. I found myself brooming over with joy, with the sense that somewhere in the darkness, miles below, just like on screen, people were laughing, communing, sharing a meal. It was impossibly beautiful and there was just nothing to do but cry. I've never heard of anyone crying inappropriately on trains or on buses or in boats or cars. What is it about airplanes? I remember getting off the plane thinking I should really actually be embarrassed by the fact that I just cried during Freaky Friday.


and I didn't even hear the sound to it, but I wasn't. It's like, you know what happens in air, stays in air. I guess The people I talked to offered a lot of excuses. It's the recirculated air. Your eyes are dry, you're often tired and leaving people behind. And of course there's the obvious conclusion. We're all scared to death. But I've been on hundreds of planes, including quite a few tiny ones. One sea plane that landed on water and one blimp. I've taken the controls of a plane, I've jumped out of a plane, I've searched my soul. And honest to God, I find no fear flying. And all the frequent criers I interviewed felt the same. No, something else happens up there in that weird hanging state between where you're going and where you've left, where there's no phone calls to take, nowhere to go, nothing to do.


Some strange overhead compartment of the heart opens up and critical judgment grabs its flotation seat cushion and follows the lighted pathway to the big yellow slide. My friend Greg says, this actually makes the ride better. Think about it, you're stuck in a seat for five or 10 or 15 hours. And how would you rather pass the time sitting there being a critic or just simply giving in? I I mean I wouldn't have watched Havana Knights, you know, in the waiting area, waiting to get on the plane on Earth? No, not, not a chance. But once you step on the plane, I'm open to and accepting the movie. And then once you do that, it's gonna leave me jelly. It turn me into jelly.


My own theory goes something like this. My father once told me that the reason squirrels get hit by cars is that evolutionarily nothing in their little hardwired brains is capable of understanding a large object hurdling toward them at 70 miles per hour. Well, even though I fly all the time, nothing in my little hardwired brain is capable of understanding. I mean, really understanding. Stepping onto a metal tube, hanging in space for a while, and then stepping off 6,000 miles away in a place with different weather, different stars, different time. It puts you into a kind of sterile infantilizing travel purgatory. You're strapped in, given a blanket, a little sippy cup and tiny silverware forced to do whatever you're told and born away at speeds.


You can't conceive without seeing where you're going. We all deal with this dislocation differently. Many times I've thought, why can't I just have air rage? Why can't I be the guy drinking 14 mini bottles of amaretto surfing down the aisle on the dinner cart? But then I do a lot of yelling and screaming down here on the ground. What I don't do is cry not over breakups or reunions or triumphs or deaths or leaving home or coming back, or any of life's other bumps and transformations. And maybe that's the key to my air. What sorrow. Maybe I cry, the tears I should be shedding on Earth. And all of you people who don't cry on airplanes, you're probably the ones I see sobbing on the subway or on street corners or at funerals.


You probably get it all out at home. Well, boo, who do us all a favor and keep it in the air, you babies. Brett Martin is a correspondent for GQ and the author of a book about prestige television, difficult men behind the scenes of a creative revolution. We're Doing better today than I was doing yesterday run. We're Doing better today from Expect Learn How to, not Something Proud, but Well Bro is produced today by Jonathan Man Hiva, with Alex Bloomberg, Ben Calhoun, Sarah Kig, M Meek, Brian Reed Robins ship, and Nancy Updyke.


Senior producer for this episode was Julie Snyder production up on today's rerun from Henry Larson and Matt Tierney. Our story about Rachel and a vegetarian son, Elias was co-produced with Jillian Gunther Elias, by the way, is now a freshman in college. He's vegan. His brother became a vegetarian for a few years. We gave it up. Eats meat now. Research help today from Michelle Harris and Julie Beard Music help from Damien Gray, from Rob Geddes. Our website, This American Life dot org, This American Life is delivered to public radio stations by P Rx, the Public Radio Exchange. Thanks as always, to our program's Co-founder, Mr. Tory Malatia. You know, I was just thinking the other day about how young he and I both were so young when we made the deal to start the radio show and we had that lawyer, a woman helping us, and we were both so strong-headed.


I have a recording. Fine. It starts on Saturday. Alright, Good. Wait, can you guys shake on it? I think This is interesting. I'm Eric Glass. Back next week with more stories of This American Life. Next week on the podcast of This American. Life, what's it like In hundreds of miles of tunnels underneath Kaza. Oh, Oh. We had a Fancy room, really. We had a room that was all ceramics, both the tiles and the walls and above.


Above there were these tulips painted with green, beautiful leaves. Of course, it wasn't always so nice. Diesel survive is hostage. Next week on the podcast when your local public radio station.