
Support for This American. Life comes from Sony Pictures presenting the new movie here. Reuniting the director, writer and stars of Forrest Gump. Here is an original film about multiple families and a special place they inhabit from Visionary Director Robert Ekka, Tom Hanks, and Robin Wright Star. In this tale of love, loss, laughter, and life, all of which happen right here, here is now playing exclusively in theaters.


Parents. Here is all the evidence that you need. That TV is bad for kids, especially public tv. When Sean was 14, he loved watching those British TV shows. They're always running on PBS, masterpiece Theater, Dr. Who. And then there was this show that I would, that I would stay up really late and watch and tape and watch over and over again. The tapes called Dempsey and Make Peace, which was about a, an American detective who went to London because he had been like, set up at home and he was teamed up with a woman who was this aristocrat named Lady Harriet Makepeace. And I was really on her side. I thought, you Know, She's got it going On.


You looked down on the America. Oh Yeah. Which I liked about Lady Harriet Makepeace and all the other Brits on TV was there. Aloofness had, they seemed above it all had, they looked down on Americans, which Sean did also convinced there must be something wrong with the nation that produced jocks and bullies who harassed him in school. And sometimes joking around with his friends, he would talk with a British accent. And then it was just something that spiraled out of control. I, I know that eventually I was just using an English accent, literally from waking to sleeping morning, noon, and night.


Sean spoke with the British accent from the time he was 14 until he was 16. At some point his mom thought, you know, maybe I need to do something about this. And took him to see a psychiatrist. He was just really, he, he must don don't know, you know, the different schools of psychology. But he, he was really very confrontive and he was like, well, you know, you've gotta stop doing this. He said, it's 'cause 'cause you're not British, you know. And my mom, my mom just sort of sat over next to me and she, she sort of went, yeah. To agree with him and, you know, to, you know, sort of help him in showing me this. Sean was furious. He had an impulse to lecture the guy on how, in fact, he was British.


And the only problem with that was that A, he knew very well that he was not, and B, his mom was sitting right there. She was sure to contradict him. He didn't know what to do. The situation seemed impossible. 'cause that's what I was thinking, like, there has to be a way that I can be British still There. There must be a way that This is true somehow. Yeah, exactly. But today on our radio program, stories of people who tell a lie and they get to the point where they believe the lie more than anybody else does. It feels like it must be true. Happens all the time. And can I say, we are not even gonna get into what happens with political figures in this show, kidding themselves about the facts of things today.


We have stories of civilians, people like you and me, basically pulling hoaxes on ourselves from WBEZ, EZ Chicago. It's This American Life. I'm Ira Glass at one of our program today. The Sun never sets on the Moose Wood restaurant, in which two young men, both from small towns, try on new identities, false identities, And what they have to do to keep their eyes going. Act, Two conning the Con men. Nancy Updike reports on a federal sting operation and how it caught con men by setting up a con of its own Act Three. Oedipus Hex, the little kid tries to get rid of his own father, but a very, very unlikely plan. Stay with


betterhelp.com/talus. Support for This American. Life comes from BetterHelp. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls, and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Try at BetterHelp dot com slash t today to get 10% off your first month


support for This American Life comes from Missouri. Missouri does fine jewelry differently. They've changed fine jewelry buying, making it accessible for more than special occasions. Their pieces are handmade and expertly crafted using high quality materials like 14 karat gold. So you know, they'll last. Plus everything is responsibly sourced so you can feel good about your jewelry in more ways than one between the accessible price points and stackable designs. There's a reason it's one of the most loved jewelry brands out there. Shop online@missouri.com or in store today.


Throughline is a podcast where we tell stories about a place shrouded in mystery, the past. And to really understand it, we take you there. Something happened to our collective psyche after the atom bomb. Listen to hear us reopen stories from the past and find clues to the present on through line. The history podcast from NPR


This American. Life Act One The Sun never Sets in the Moose Wood Restaurant. So This is The story of two young people who for a period in their lives, in their search to figure out who they were pretended to be, people who they were not. We're gonna hear from Sean Cole and from Joel Love. We're gonna start with Sean. Today's show is a rerun. This was recorded years ago these days. Sean is a producer here at Our show. Sean grew up in a small town in Massachusetts, a town that was approximately 3,350 miles from London. It was second nature. It was first nature. It was, you know, I, to this day I have trouble saying, oh, I faked an accent for two years. I mean I, I had an accent for two years. I like Sean.


Could I, could I just ask you to, to take a deep breath and, and describe for me what you had for lunch today, or perhaps for breakfast this morning in as close to the accent that, that you can As close as I can. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna take a sip of water here. Well, IRA, I I had a salad. I had it at the Boston House of Pancakes or pizza rather. What was the beverage? It was a Snapple, a just lemon flavored, I don't really like the peach.


Joe love's story began when he left the working class town where he grew up in upstate New York. His parents owned a liquor store in a small town. He was the first member of his family to go to college. And it was an especially big deal because he got into an Ivy League school, Cornell, It was one of those, those first days of, of college, you know, and you spend a lot of time, everybody kind of moves in Hodes and you spend a lot of time in each other's dorm rooms. And there was, there were about, oh, I, don Dunno, 10 or 11 of us in this one guy's room. And we were just like sitting around eating pizza and talking and people were talking about what their, you know, where they were from And, what their, what their parents did and stuff like that. And there was one guy whose dad was a doctor for, for the Knicks.


There was another guy who's a, who whose father was an elected representative from, from New York State. And, and then this other guy whose father was on the world court, literally was a, was a member of the World Court. Oh My. And so, so it suddenly seemed like this incredibly sort of impressive group to me. and they seemed like just sort of worldly in ways that, you know, that was just beyond my wildest imagination and, and, you know, worldly beyond, you know, what I am now, frankly. and I remember sort of sitting there at the time thinking, oh my God, I'm so out of my league here. And then completely un unplanned. I suddenly said, you know, as, as a slice of pizza was passed to me, this sort of pizza with sausage on top of it.


I said, you know, I, I, I can't take that because my parents are vegetarians. And, and everybody in the room kind of sort of turned and looked at me because it wasn't even as, as if I said, well, you know, I'm a vegetarian. But I said, you know, my parents are vegetarians and there's a sort of puzzled look on everybody in the play in the, in the, in the room. and I said, well, you know, and I am too, you know, I've never eaten meat and I'm not entirely well I mean, I have some ideas now about why I said that, but at the time, I had no idea what I was saying. It was like, you know, suddenly I'd become possessed and, and I had to think of something to say about myself that seemed interesting. And, and vegetarianism was the, was the thing that I chose.


Now did you tell people that you were actually from England? No, no. Never that I was from Britain. But that, but in a way that I was British, you know, there, there was a real distinction there for me. Like I, you know, I'd taken it on like I was culturally British now. Well, I think what it was is I I mean, I think I did some, some sort of calculus that took like a nanosecond in my head and I thought, you know, I can't actually lie about what my parents do. But I think the connections that I was making were, were this, that somehow, like, because I was from this town in the sticks, if my folks were vegetarians, then the whole history that that suggested was that there were sort of these, you know, these kind of leftist academic radicals who had sort of dropped outta society and gone back to the land.


and I was living in this bump town in upstate New York. And, and you know, my, my, you know, my folks were living some sort of life that was driven by their, their political philosophy rather than, you know, I was just a guy who grew up in, in upstate New York. You know, I did the old kid thing of like wishing that my real British parents would come and tell me I was adopted and take me back to London. So I'm sitting there in the room and all these guys are looking at me and they're like, dude, you know, then you know, what do you eat? And suddenly I realized, I, I realized in that moment how little I knew about vegetarianism and I and I and I kind of, I tried to be real sort of vague about it. You know, we eat salads and, and lentils.


I remember sort of saying lentils a lot, You know, and, and there was a gap certainly in my education. 'cause like I would be using, you know, words that Americans just don't use, you know, I would, instead of saying drugstore, I would say chemist or, you know, I would try my best to remember to say, you know, bonnet instead of hood or boot instead of trunk. But I often couldn't On the meal plan, I, I ended up eating a lot of big piles of iceberg lettuce and ch and chickpeas. And, and during that time, would you find yourself sneaking to go to get meat somewhere? Yeah, definitely. At first I would go really far from campus in order to, in order to have like a, like a BLT there was this, there's this diner downtown in Ithaca, and it was, you know, it felt incredibly illicit.


I'd be sitting there and I'd have some reading material or something with me, and I'd be the lonely guy in, in, in my booth. And, and I would order the BLT and I would sort of watch it kind of coming from across the room, you know, with its toothpick in the top of it and a side of french fries with this meat gravy on top. And, and it would just, you know, when it landed on the table, it would just seem like this incredibly, you know, sort of wonderful moment, you know, when you're doing something just, just totally unlike what anybody would expect of you. I was a nobody, you know, I mean I was, I I was living in a real extremely small kind of rural town in the middle of nowhere.


It was, it was, I guess in a way, like this was my way of traveling and, you know, in a way and of being somebody and sort of, of achieving an identity, which I, I guess I didn't feel like I had, like I didn't feel like I, I am just sort of really realizing this now, but I, I, I guess I, I didn't feel as though I had anything that made me up I mean, what I, what I realized fairly quickly is that, is that if, if This is gonna be believable, I actually have to, well, well, I have to believe in it.


But I also began to not only believe, but really sort of take on as my persona. All, all of the stuff that I imagined was associated with vegetarianism. So like what? Well, you know, certain sort of certain political convictions and ways of dress. I wore ripped jeans and I wore combat boots, but I also wore like a kind of stage jacket that you would see, you know, in a, in a, in a community theater production of Hamlet. Yeah. You know, I bought sandals. I very specifically remember buying, going down to this thrift store in downtown Ithaca and buying a pair of fatigue shorts, which just seemed like I, you know, I might as well have been she guvera at that point this morning.


I mean, as far as I, I was concerned. I was, I I was a dangerous leftist. Did you at any point during this, find yourself in the following argument where you would say, I've never had a hamburger, and somebody would insist, oh, you must have had meat at some point and then you had to argue your side. Yeah, definitely. It was, it, it it wasn't pretty. And of course, you know, I had grown up I mean, just, just to put this in context for a second, if, if, if you don't mind Mm. I mean not only had I had hundreds of hamburgers and gone to the McDonald's drive through hundreds of times, but, but the counterpoint situation that I always think about when I remember this time is that when I was a senior in high school, we, my family for sort of time saving reasons decided that what a great thing to do would be to go to Arby's roast beef.


don don't know if you, you, you have those out in Chicago. I think they're, they're countrywide. So my dad and I would go to Arby's on say like a, you know, Thursday afternoon or something, or, or yeah, after I got outta school. And we would go in there and we would buy 48 RVs roast beef sandwiches. We would, and they would put 'em in this cardboard, in this cardboard box. And we, we bring home, we would bring home this, this giant box full of those tinfoil covered Arby's roast beef sandwiches, and we would stuff them in our refrige or in our freezer, we would freeze the Arby's roast beef sandwiches and then we would have them there Buns And all Buns. Buns and all. Yeah. And so we would have them there as, as ready-made snacks whenever we might want one I mean, that's the kind of mediating that my family was engaged.


The other thing was that I had these run-ins with, with doubting my British identity. Like Oh really? Yeah. As though it were slipping away and I would, I would really go nuts at that point. And you know, there was one time, you know, there was one time it would happen at home. I was like, at home and, and I was like, oh my God, I just, you know, I have to do something. I have to affirm my devotion, you know? So I think I, I, well, I know I opened up the window and I psyched myself to do it. I was like, oh man, if don don't do this, like it'll, it won't come back and I open up the window and then I, and I like, I screamed, This is the middle of the night, or you know, 10 at night. I screamed, I love England, like outside the, and of course in a British accent outside the window.


And, and then you felt better. You felt like you had re yourself. I Felt like I had done something, at least For England. Yeah. I had, I had fortified my, my my Britishness I would find myself in these, in these conversations where people were saying, you know, you've never had a McDonald's hamburger. What kind of American 18-year-old American has never had a hamburger for McDonald's? Quite A legitimate question I Would add. Absolutely. Absolutely. and I would say, yeah, you know, I've just never had one. They scare me. and I would sort of like talk about the ways, you know, and I would make up these stories about how I'd come close a couple of times how my friend, a friend of mine in high school had bought me a Big Mac and there I was sitting on the front seat of his car and I almost ate it and then couldn't bring myself to do it.


And so yeah, there was all this sort of drama that I, well, that I lied about. My, my mom and dad came down to, came down to visit for Parents' weekend, and they were really proud that I was going there and, and really excited to come down. and they came down to visit And really proud because you were the first generation to go to college, right? You had made it into this Ivy League school. It was a big, big deal, Right? Exactly. Exactly. And so they drove down from Camillus, which is about, you know, an hour and between an hour and an hour and a half, they came down and, you know, in that week, leading up to Parents' weekend, everybody's talking about their parents coming and everybody's making reservations at restaurants, you know, where to eat on Saturday night.


And everybody's sort of planning on taking their parents to the football game on, you know, Saturday during the day. And it suddenly occurred to me this real sort of panic set in that, you know, that that, that my parents would come down and we would go to a football game and my dad would buy a hot dog and, you know, and somebody like across the field would see Mr. Lovell eating a hot dog and, you know, and then of course the cat would be outta the bag. And so I thought, you know, I've gotta make a, I've gotta make a reservation at a restaurant at some place, either a, where nobody else's parents will be or at or at a vegetarian restaurant.


And so what I did was, was make, was make a reservation at, at the Moose Wood Restaurant, which is in Ithaca. And you know, there's that, the, the Moose Wood cookbooks that are out and, and Vegetarian Cookbooks. Exactly, yeah. And it's this nice little vegetarian restaurant in Ithaca and, and, and a slightly famous place. But then we got there and you know, and I just, I, I remember sitting down at the table in the Moose Wood and, and, and you know, the, the, the, the, the bowls are these kind of carved wooden bowls and I mean everything about it feels like, well, like a, like, you know, like a vegetarian restaurant and not Just a vegetarian restaurant, but kind of a cartoon of a vegetarian Restaurant.


Exactly. Yeah, exactly. And, you know, and I was looking at my parents across the table and they were sort of dressed up and they were excited to be coming down and, you know, and, and I could tell, like my dad was sitting there and sort of perusing the menu and thinking, well, you know, I'll, you know, maybe this lentil salad will be good or, or whatever. and I could tell he was sitting there thinking, you know, geez, I just drove an hour and a half. All I want is a steak and a baked potato and a beer, you know? And there I was bringing them here and, and, but they were so game about it. They were so, so sort of willing to go along with it because for some reason they thought I really wanted to bring them there. and I just thought, geez, you know, these parents, these, these, these, these people, my my parents, you know, have really like given up a lot for me to come there.


I mean financially. They were really stretching themselves and we were taking out all sorts of loans, you know, all those, all of those things that, that people do in order to go to college. Yeah. and they, you know, they never complained once about doing it and they, you know, they just wanted to come down and see me there and feel proud that I was there. and I was sort of hiding them out in this vegetarian restaurant. and I felt so bad about it afterwards And they never once complained and they went home and I, imagine I I sort of imagined them, you know, stopping at a Hardee's just outside of Itca and getting a burger as soon as they say goodbye. But, you know, after that I just thought, geez, you know, I've gotta, I gotta find some way to, to come clean about this I mean, is it okay if your child decides to express himself in an alternate personality for a period of two years?


I think there's, that's funny. I never thought I would say this, but I think there's nothing wrong with that. I never thought I would say it because I think because I wish that I hadn't done it now, but I don know, maybe I learned something from doing it. I mean, I, I think that that is, you know, par for the course. Like that's part of, now I think that's part of growing up And I think it was, it was probably necessary for me at that, at that time in my life because it Gave you more Confidence. Yeah. And there was, there was some bridge that, that, that, that this, you know, that this allowed me to cross.


Joe Lovell and Sean Cole. Joe Lovell is the executive editor of a podcast company called Pineapple Street Media and an actual vegetarian these days Sean Cole works in public radio. Didi does, he's one of the producers of our program, That piece of meat on your plate buying what's murder, right? Think about you. That makes me feel under you wouldn't care if out feather care Out At Two conning the Con Men, the American legal system for the most part does not uphold the principle of I for an I.


If you steal somebody's car, the judge does not steal your car in return. If they catch you selling weed, they do not sell weed to you as your punishment. But if you're in the business of running scams, authorities catch you by running a scam on you. This is The story of a con man who made millions by fooling people over the phone until he was the one who got fooled. Nancy Dyke reports, The guy's name is David Diamond, that's his actual name. He was one of the most successful salesmen in one of the longest running telemarketing scams in Los Angeles history. David Diamond was a salesman at a boiler room. This is Dale Sekovich. He's been a Federal Trade Commission investigator for 29 years.


He's the one who busted diamond. He Was living in a very expensive home up in the hills in Woodland Hills. He drove a custom Porsche Carrera that he had shipped over here by airplane from Germany from the factory. They lived very high on the hog. David Diamond was just one of a whole bunch of guys making money hand over fist in an operation in Southern California that was basically running the same scam over and over under different names for seven years. It was an investment scheme, give us your money and we'll put it into this great 900 number business or this online shopping network or this hot new internet service provider.


Needless to say, no one ever made a dime except the people running the scam who cleared $40 million since Diamond was one of the operations top salesmen, he made $2 million in commissions in just four years on the job, he got 30% of whatever he talked a person into investing. That means he personally conned people out of more than $6 million. The FTC caught diamond and the others in the operation, essentially by conning the con men. They had volunteers pose as dupes and record their phone calls because the FTC brought a case against the Operation Diamond worked in. Some of those recordings are now part of the public record.


I got Dale Sekovich to listen to the tapes with me and talk about David Diamond and the FBI volunteer Who caught him? The woman on the tape, I can't tell you her real name, but she uses the alias of Marge. She assumed the identity of a person who is named Marge. Marge was a real person who we in law enforcement and who people in the telemarketing business referred to as a mooch. A mooch is someone who will essentially buy anything from anybody who calls her on the telephone. And in fact, she did over a number of years. She spent hundreds of thousands of dollars. The real march, the real March spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on bogus prize promotions, investments, gold coins, you name it.


So the FBI went to Marge and said, we really think that we need to take your telephone number away from you because it's being used to ruin your life. So once Marge agreed to that, her telephone number was installed in the home of an FBI volunteer and that volunteer, every time that phone line rang the Marge line, that volunteer would pick up that telephone and answer it and pose as Marge. Marge?


Yes. It's David Diamond. How are you? Oh, I'm okay. Good. Kind of warm here. Yeah. I sent you off a video and a package. Yes, I have it. Okay. The video is with regard to Mark Erickson. Mark Erickson is, is the person who is, is heading up the program. Yes. And he is very successful in taking upstart companies and making them successful. You've probably heard of Hard copy. He's a original producer of Hard copy. I have heard of it, yes. Okay. You're smiling as you listen to this. What, what are you smiling about? Well, I'm smiling because I, it's been a while since I've heard, heard Marge and she sounds so old and so fragile and such an easy mark when in fact, you know, she's this sharp FBI informant and she doesn't look as old as, as she sounds, trust me.


So that's one, one aspect of it. The, the other aspect is this whole Mark Erickson thing. Yeah. Is he a real person? Mark Erickson is a real person. He, he was named in our lawsuit. And was he an an original producer of hard copy? No, He was a segment producer and on the air reporter for hard copy for a brief period of time. And I mean, is this sort of typical of the cons in the tapes that you've heard that that they'll try to associate what they're selling with a legitimate business or, or organization Exactly. Or television show, something that people have heard of. Exactly. They wanna make this, yeah, something people can relate to.


Here's the thing, you have to invest everything you've got or do nothing at all. and I'll say that again. You should invest everything you have. You should transfer all of your investment into this program or do nothing. It doesn't make sense to do just a little bit. You, you should think about doing a million dollars in this program. I don't know, that's a lot of money. You need to liquidate every nickel you've got. Either wanna be in this situation, you either wanna be in the situation wholeheartedly and upgrade your investments or, or you don't. My suggest do is just do the whole thing. Well, I would never liquidate everything I have.


My question is why not? Because there's always gambles and anything like this. Anything like what? Well, Any investment like this, Like this, what does that Mean? Well, anything you invest in, there's always a gamble. Now I want to ask you, you told me once that you thought he sounded nervous on this tape and in this part where she's saying, you know, an investment like this and he's sort of, you know, questioning her, well what do you mean like this I wonder is do you have any sense that he's suspicious that she might know what he's up to? I mean? Do they know that volunteers are out there trying to trap them, posing his dupes?


No, since we talked about this tape last actually sort of had a, a revelation. It came to me as to why I listened to over 40 individual tapes of David Diamond conversations with Marge and conversations with others over the course of about a year. And one of the things, when you've listened to all of them, you find that David, in sort of the early, the earlier part of that year, was much more kind of sweet and cautious and trying to bond with these women and patient and sometimes would spend an hour on the phone with them.


The tape would be an hour long. But this tape was made towards the very end of that year period, probably within a week or two of our raid. Having gone in on the raid and searched David Diamond's desk that day, I came to realize that David Diamond was starting to question whether he wanted to do this anymore. He was, he was starting to really have some concerns about Moral concerns, Moral concerns about what they were doing. and I believe that in these last couple of weeks that, and it's kinda shown in this tape, he was becoming a little bit desperate.


He wanted to make a couple of more big hits and he just couldn't figure out why this woman wasn't gonna write him a check. So he started getting frustrated and you, and it comes out in his voice. What evidence did you see that he was starting to have, you know, moral qualms about what he was doing? David had become born again. There were religious tracks all over his office and posters on his wall. Just, just recently, I don't know exactly what the timeframe was. I do, we do know that he had given a lot of the money that he had made to his church and we believe that a lot of that was sort of a self-imposed penance that he could justify what he was doing because he was, he was giving, he was tithing this, this money that he was taking from these poor victims into his church.


He, if $30,000 is what you made on every $5,000 and you put $50,000 in this program at $300,000 return, that's why I'm telling you, you need to do a million dollars in this program. I don't know, I would never put that much in, in any program. Do you have an obligation to yourself as an investor to make the most amount of money possible? Well, you know, at my age it's really not that, what do I wanna say? I have enough to live on for the rest of my life.


I understand, but is it still in your best interest to make the most amount of money possible If you could find to do it as safely as possible? It's my obligation not to lose what I have. Correct, but it's also your obligation to keep your money working for you. Right, right. Well otherwise, what's the point? When I heard this part of the tape, even though I knew that, that this woman, this particular woman was not getting conned, that she was in fact conning him and trapping him. I, I started to get so angry because I was thinking, you know, he is really trying to take all of this old woman's money, all of it.


She's saying, I have enough to live on. He's saying, you have an obligation to make more. Do you ever hear things like that and just, just get angry even though you know that she's sort of in on the, on the con on the joke, Every time I hear these pitches I'm outraged because I am the person that spoke to people who really did send David Diamond tens of thousands of dollars that consisted of their life savings and now don't have any money to even buy groceries.


I've interviewed them. I've seen them sob. Yeah. It makes me very angry. And, what sort of recourse do they have? Can they slim and none. Slim and none. We have public companies that want to take you public. So if you've got a public company pass judgment on, it's not even me talking anymore. If Mark Erickson wants to to do business with you, it's not even me talking anymore. You have the ability to make an absolute fortune and it doesn't make sense not to have every nickel you've got in this particular program. That's why I said it's an emergency investment situation and you should do at least 50 to a hundred, 150 units while you have the opportunity.


Well, how much are you investing in this? I'm not investing anything in this. My investment comes in the time I put with my clients. Yes. Right. And the fact that when they make money, they reinvest with me. Right. That's The whole point. You were smiling again. What, when when, when she said, you know, how much are you investing I mean, is she just screwing around with him? Of course she's playing with him. Yeah. I mean she's she's trained to ask him those kinds of questions so that he responds with a misrepresentation that, But that doesn't sound like it's part of the script.


That just sounds like her I mean her being mean in sort of a no I mean sort of a delicious way. Well, No, I think what we were trying to do or her handler was trying to do was get her to make, to get him to say, oh yeah, I've got, I'm in it and I've got my, my mother and my grandmother in it and, and I'm putting away money for my child's education with it because then we could show later that he hadn't. Did you ever, did you ever talk to Marge about what it's like to, to do this? Do they ever I mean, do they ever sort of have fun just thinking, you know, I'm, I'm just turning the tables on this guy. He has no idea.


I I can't, I wish I could answer the question. I've never spoken to them. I would, I'd love to get the answer to that myself. I'd like to ask that question myself. I think they get a lot of personal satisfaction though. How often do you get a chance to catch a bad guy as just a regular civilian? Yeah, Exactly. You know, I do it too. I tape people using an alias in, in cases that I work And is it fun? I I love it. I love to get these people to tell me stuff. It's, it's, you know, it's a, it's like acting. It's, there's a, there's a rush.


The rush of a con, the pleasure of it is knowing that you have more power than the person you're conning. You know more, you know that it's a con and let's face it, given the choice between being the mark and being the con man, nobody's gonna choose to be the mark. But the problem is the more confidence you have in your own con, the more easily you become a mark yourself. Con men get taken by other con men all the time. There just seems to be something about the particular arrogance of always being on the knowing side of the con. That makes for a really, really good mark.


Nancy Uptake is one of the producers of our program in the years since we first broadcast This episode, today's show is a rerun. Dale Sekovich, the FTC investigator who busted David Diamond has died. Coming up a child tries to fix his own family by harnessing the most powerful force that exists anywhere that's in a minute from Chicago Bubble Radio. When our program continues


Support for This American Life comes from GoodRx. Did you know GoodRx offers 20 popular diabetes medications for under $20? Check GoodRx before heading to the pharmacy and get up to 80% off your prescriptions. GoodRx is free and easy to use. Search any medication, get your coupon and start saving even if you have insurance or Medicare. GoodRx could beat your copay. See how much you could save on diabetes and everyday prescriptions@goodrx.com slash t


support for This. American Life comes from Capella University. Learning doesn't have to get in the way of life. With Capella's game changing FlexPath learning format, you can set your own deadlines and learn on your own schedule. That means you don't have to put your life on hold to earn your degree. Instead, enjoy learning your way and pursue your educational and career goals without missing a beat. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This American Life ira Glass. Each week in our program, of course we choose a theme. Bring you a variety of different kinds of stories on that theme. Today's show Hoaxing Yourself stories of people who are fooling themselves. Sometimes that is a side effect of trying to fool others. Sometimes they just dunno better and pin their hopes and beliefs on something that is simply not true at all. We've arrived at Act Three of Our show, Act Three. Oedipus Hex Shalom Olander tells this story which happened to him when he was a boy in one of those ultra orthodox Jewish religious schools called Yeshivas. One of your listeners that although this story is about a little boy in the story, the dad is not so nice to his kids, which might not be a thing that little kids will enjoy hearing at all.


So take that under advisement. Here's Shalom. Rabbi Breyer walked into our third grade classroom, hung up his long black coat, took off his big black hat and handed each student a small black booklet entitled The Guide to Blessings. We had one week he told us to prepare for the annual Yeshiva of Spring Valley Blessing Bee. My heart leapt. This was just what my mother needed. The Blessing Bee would make her forget all the troubles of our home. To have a son who's a A why student. That was the ultimate. Her brother was a respected rabbi and if her husband couldn't be one, well maybe her son could be.


The guide to Blessings was a 70 page long listing of hundreds of different foods. Soups, breads, fish, desserts. I flipped through it slowly realizing the size of the challenge to lay ahead, falafel, herring, eggplant Parmesan. I had my work cut out for me. Friday afternoons, the Yeshiva closed early so that we could all rush home to help our parents prepare for Shabbas the Sabbath. Rabbi Breyer told us that the sages tell us that the Torah tells us that the preparation for shabbas is equal to the importance of shabbas itself.


Most of my preparations involve searching the house for kosher wine and pouring it down the toilet. It was a thankless job. I admitted to nobody. My father's frustrated rage at not having his manches. Concord grape was fearsome, but it was far better than his drunken rage. If he did have it, I'd searched the pantry. I'd searched the garage, I'd searched my father's closet, but I was only eight years old and there was always a bottle of Kem hiding somewhere I just hadn't thought to check. That night my father drunk on a bottle of blush chais that got away, grabbed my older brother by his shirt collar and dragged him away from the shabbas table. He dragged him all the way down the stairs to our bedroom in the basement and slammed the door shut.


Even the silverware jumped. Who wants the lats matza ball? My mother asked. I made extra. When my brother returned to the table, his nose was bleeding. My mother brought him a can of frozen orange juice to hold against the back of his neck, which was supposed to somehow stop the bleeding. Rabbi Breyer taught us that it is prohibited to defrost orange juice on Shabbas because changing food from solid to liquid is considered cooking and cooking is considered working and even God refrained from working on Shabbas. There are 39 different categories of work that are prohibited on Shabbas. That's also why you're not allowed to switch on lights on Shabbas. The electricity causes a filament to glow, which is considered burning, which is considered working.


Category number two, my father came back to the table and drunkenly sang a few shabba songs, fudging the words, and banging heavily on the table with his fist. I sat hunched over absentmindedly drawing circles on the condensation that had formed on the silver water pitcher. My father slapped my hand Shabbas, he shouted writing category number five. Eventually he stumbled off to his bedroom and fell asleep, snoring loudly. We sat in the dining room and picked glumly at our food. The following Monday morning as we all sat studying from our blessing books, there was a knock on Rabbi Breyer's classroom door and Rabbi Greenbaum, the Yeshiva principle solemnly entered.


We all rose the two rabbis conferred quietly for a moment before signaling us all to be seated. After a few thoughtful strokes of his long black beard, rabbi Greenbaum sighed deeply and informed us that the night before our classmate of Rummy Gruen Baum's father had suffered a heart attack and died. Some kids have all the luck. Blessed is the one true judge said. Rabbi Breyer nodding his head. Blessed is the one true judge. We all answered. Nodding our heads. I wondered what Mr. Gruba might have done to deserve death. Did he bow down to idols? Did he walk four steps without his yamak on whatever it was?


It must have been pretty bad. As Rabbi Greenbaum turned to leave, he paused and with a stern shake of his finger reminded us all that the sages tell us that the Torah tells us that until the age of 13, all of a boy's sins are ascribed to his father. I turned to look at Rummy's empty chair. Rummy was a chubby kid with heavy orthodontia and foul breath, but a sudden respect for him grew inside me. I wondered what he might have done to cause his father's death. Whatever it was, it must have been pretty bad. Scowling fiercely. Rabbi Greenbaum advised each and every one of us to pray to Hashem the holy one.


Blessed be he for forgiveness so that he wouldn't kill our fathers too. My heart left. Blessed is Hashem, he said, blessed is Hashem. We answered. Blessed is Hashem was right. All of a sudden I had two ways I could save my family. I could win The, Blessing, Bee for my mother, or I could sin so much. Hashem would have to kill my father. Courageous rumba. Maybe one shabbas night he had switched on a light. Maybe he drank milk after eating meat. Maybe he touched himself that night just before bed. I ate a drumstick, washed it down with some milk, touched myself and flicked the bedroom.


Light on and off. Break those lights and I'll break your hands. My father shouted. It was going to be a busy week. The Blessing. Bee worked the same way as a spelling bee. There are six basic blessings on food. Zi, the blessing for bread. MNOs the blessing for wheat. Haen the blessing for wine or grape juice. Ha eights the blessing for things that grow from trees. Hama the blessing for things that grow from the earth. And Shaha Cole, the blessing for everything else. Bagel Zi, oatmeal, menos, gefilte, fish.


Shaha Cole. The blessing for everything else, but that was the easy part. Things became much more complicated when you started combining foods. Some foods are superior to other foods and in combination with subordinate foods, the superior food gets the blessing. To make matters worse, some blessings are superior to other blessings and you had to know which blessing to recite First. This is where they separated the men from the gaze. Spaghetti and meatballs, MNOs the wheat blessing, then shahale the everything else. Blessing. Cereal with milk, shahale for the milk. Then MNOs for the wheat and the cereal. Twix the chocolate candy with the cookie crunch trick question, Twix is in kosher.


I spent the next week's Sinning and blessing and blessing and Sinning alternately praising God and then defying him as much as one 8-year-old possibly could. Monday morning I stuffed myself. I had a bowl of fruity pebbles, MNOs, a slice of toast, ha ozi, a glass of juice, shaha Cole, half an apple, her eights, and a couple of old french fries I found at the bottom of the fridge. Hama one meal, five blessings. Tuesday I touched myself. I also partook of bread without first ceremoniously washing my hands and that evening before going to sleep, I sat on the edge of my bed and carefully recited and ass A dozen times each my father banged angrily on my bedroom door lights out, he barked.


I smiled for you and me, both pal. Wednesday I stole $5 for my mother and didn't recite any blessings at all. On the bag full of candy that I bought with it, a Charleston chew, which is tra to begin with, and a chunky, which would've been a shahale if I weren't trying to kill my father. A chunky with raisins, shahale. Then a eights Thursday I didn't wear Titus. Whereby Breyer noticed that the strings weren't dangling from my sides and grabbed me by the ear and pulled me to the front of the class. Speak to the children of Israel.


He quoted loudly from the Torah as he spanked me hard on my bottom and tell them to make Titus on the corners of their garments. That afternoon, after not respecting my elders by taking out the garbage like my mother had told me to, I touched myself and silently begged God to just this Once. Credit those sins to Rabbi Breyer's account. Later I defiled a prayer book by carrying it into the bathroom. The Blessing Bee was the following morning and I could barely sleep. Lentil soup, MNOs potato, K Madama root beer. Is it a root? Is it a beer ass? I tossed and turned. I blessed and cursed, and finally I fell into an uncomfortable sleep.


After a week at home, a rummy gruba conveniently returned to school just in time for The, Blessing Bee. It was all I could do to not lean over and ask him how he did it. Rummy tell me, was it lobster? Did you eat lobster? Whereby Breyer told us that the sages tell us that the Torah tells us that when Abraham died, that Hashem comforted Isaac. We learned from this that it is a tremendous mitzvah or good deed to comfort the bereaved. Rabbi Breyer instructed us all to line up at a rummy's desk to shake his hand and recite the traditional mourners consolation. May Hashem comfort you among the mourners of Zion being just eight years old.


I wasn't entirely familiar with Hashem's system, but it occurred to me that along with all my sins, my father might also be getting all my mitzvahs. I wasn't taking any chances soon it was my turn in line. How's it going? I said to rummy Rabbi by brear pinched me. How I screamed. Sch mendrick. He grumbled. After the last boy had asked Hashem to comfort of rummy among the mourners of Zion, rabbi Breyer smacked his desk loudly. The Blessing Bee began. We lined up at the back of the classroom nervously pulling on Ouris and twirling our past. The rules were simple.


Name the correct blessing and remain standing for the next round. Name the wrong blessing, and you take your seat. Last year's winner, Yu Castil Zaman. Schneck stood beside me. He leaned calmly against the wall, mindlessly picking his nose, Slander Shalom, called out Rabbi Breyer. I stepped forward. Apple. He shouted. Apple. I called out, ate the blessing for food from trees, correct. Rabbi Breyer said, The Blessing Bee usually started off pretty easy. David Borgen got Tuna Ko, the everything else blessing. Ari Hinky got Matza Zi the blessing for bread, and Avi Tuckman got stuck with gel, which he thought was Adama food from the earth, but was really MNOs the blessing on wheat.


Three other kids got taken out by oatmeal. Borscht with sour cream claimed two others, and by the end of the first round, almost a third of the students were already back in their seats. Round two, slander, Shalom, cold. Rabbi Breyer. I stepped forward. Mushroom barley soup. He shouted. Mushroom barley soup. Mushroom barley soup. Damn, I knew I should have studied the chapter on soups. More I'd wasted half the week on entrees. Was it a dumb on the mushrooms, which came from the earth? Or was it MNOs on the barley? Maybe it was Shaha Cole. The everything else blessing on the soup mushroom barley soup. I called out MNOs.


Rabbi Breyer tugged on his beard, his eyes narrowing into angry little slits and Shaha Cole. I added Rabbi Breyer triumphantly smacked his desk signaling that I was correct. Apple strudel took out David Borgen, YOA Levine and Shlomo Pomerance. My friend Mutti Greenberg got stuck with cheesecake and I could tell just by the expression on his face that he had absolutely no idea. He wisely offered two answers, one for thin crust and one for thick, and somehow managed to stay alive. It was hard to believe this was only round two Of Ru's Avrumi stepped forward.


I smiled at Mutty. Avrumi may have killed his father, but he wasn't very bright and he never did well at these things. He was lucky to even be in the second round at all. Bagel shouted, rabbi Breyer bagel. I looked at Mutty in disbelief. Was he kidding? Bagel. Bagel called out of Rummy Zi. This was bull correct shattered Rabbi. Rabbi Breyer, very good framed Greenblatt of Rummy. Epstein and Yo Frankl all got out on chant with barley and large pieces of meat while chopped liver on Chala with a slice of lettuce and a bit of olive. Took out four more including mati, and then there were three.


It was just Yu il Alman, Yehuda, schneck of rummy, Gruen Baum and me. Round three began slander. Shalom called out Rabbi Breyer. I stepped forward, I screamed, shouted, rabbi Breyer in a cone ice cream in a cone, ice cream in a cone. I knew ice cream, but why would he add the cone? Was there something different if it was in a cone, what was an ice cream cone made of anyway? Was it cake? Was it a wafer ice cream in a cone? Rabbi Briar shouted, is the ice cream subordinate to the cone or is it the cone subordinate to the ice cream? If it's a sugar cone, maybe you really desire the cone ice cream in a cone.


Rabbi Breyer shouted again. I had no choice Ice cream in a cone. I called out no blessing. Everyone in the classroom turned to face me. Looking back on the whole episode, rabbi Breyer had really left me no choice, no blessing, said Rabbi Breyer. Why no blessing? Because I explained nervously twirling my Titus because because the room smells like duty. There was a long silence. Mutty giggled and others followed. Rabbi Breyer slowly rose to his feet, his thick fists pushing themselves into the desktop.


It may have been a loophole, but technically speaking I was correct. Whereby Breyer himself had told us that our sages tell us that the Torah tells us that there are three situations in which one is absolutely prohibited from reciting a blessing, one while facing a male over the age of nine years old, whose genitals are showing two while facing a female over the age of three years old whose genitals are showing. And three, in the presence of feces, frankly, given the other two options, I think I chose the least offensive answer for a big man. Rabbi Breyer moved pretty quickly. It's true. I said as he barreled toward me.


The Torah says that he grabbed me roughly by my arm, lifting me clear off the ground and dragged me towards the door, shouting angrily and yiddish the whole time, but it smells like duty. I yelled the room smells like duty. Wait, there's a naked girl in the room. There's a naked girl. The door slammed shut behind me. I stood in the hallway and rubbed my bruised arm. I began to cry. The Blessing. Bee was lost. I was not a great rabbi and my father was still not dead. I tiptoed toward the classroom door and listened closely.


Two minutes later, you could see Al Zalman Yehuda Schneck fell victim to Matza bry with maple syrup and the last man standing was of Rummy Gruen Baum. Apples called out Rabbi Breyer. Apples of rummy answered Hae Mazel tub. Called out Rabbi Breyer Mazeltov Total Bull. That night we had the traditional Friday night Gefilte fish, Shaha Cole with a little slice of Carrot Hama. My father was drunk again. Sinning Shabba songs fudging the words and banging heavily on the table with his fist.


My mother went into the kitchen and brought out the soup when my brother said he didn't want any, my father slapped him, pushed him over backward onto the floor, and poured the hot chicken soup onto his face. My mother took my brother into the bathroom and sat with him on the edge of the bathtub, pressing a cold washcloth against his cheeks, and I went back to the dining room to wipe the chicken soup off the floor. Chicken soup is a shaha cole, even if it is cooked with vegetables. Since chicken is the dominant taste in the soup, rabbi Breyer told us that the sages tell us that the Torah tells us that the Holy one blessed be. He sent the Egyptians 10 plagues in order to teach us that he gives people many chances to repent.


And only then if they still continue to sin, does he punish them with death. I went downstairs to my bedroom, took four steps without my ya on, touched myself, flicked the lights off and on, and fell asleep. Chilla Masterminder, he's the author of many great books. The story appears in his memoir, foreskins Lament. His most recent book is called Fe A Memoir. Well, I went and lost her to the Great.


I stood and watched her Fall. Our program is produced today by me and Blue Chany, Alex Bloomberg, Susan Burton, and Julie Snyder. Our contributing editors for today's show. Paul Tuf, Jack Hit, Margie Rock and Oise Spiegel and Kun. Sarah Val Mixing up today by Jared Floyd and Katherine Raimondo. Production help on today's rerun from Matt Tierney and Henry Larson This American. Life is distributed by PRX, the Public Radio Exchange. Special thanks today to all of our new This American Life Partners. If you heard me talking about this, it is the subscription version of our program where you get the program ad free, you get bonus content, you get access to a greatest hits archive with over 250 favorite episodes right in your podcast feed like right below the newest shows.


And you'll help us keep going and keep strong. If you've been thinking about signing up the place to do it, This American Life dot org slash life partners. Thanks though, Joe Gram's, co-founder Mr. Tory Malatia, who is not jealous at all, but the fact that This American Life staff get to tape interviews all the time. You Know, I do it too. I tape people using an Alias America glass back next week with more stories of this American Glide, All her friends.


Next week on the podcast of This American Life, everybody knows depressingly, that we live in a country that is profoundly split and the two sides live in two different realities. Don't agree on the basic facts about election fraud, climate change, the Covid vaccine. So many things and nobody seems able to bridge the gap. So it's fascinated to hear about somebody, a news source, I bet you have not heard of that. Does exactly that. Next week on the podcast, on your local public radio station.


Support for This American. Life comes from sun and ski sports. Soccer at six, football at seven. Leave work at five, but dinner. Who knows? And don't forget the weekend tournament madness at sun and ski sports. They've got the gear to help parents survive and maybe even enjoy it. Comfy V Active Wear hokas and rumble blankets for the perfect sideline setup. And don't miss capturing those game-winning moments with a GoPro this sports season, sun and ski sports has everything you need to keep it together sort of.