
From WBZ Chicago, it's This. American Life. Good morning and it's a great morning for New Yorkers and a great morning to be in New York City. We had a press conference in a park in Harlem when New York's Mayor Adams in April last year. And there are two undisputed truths about the Adams administration. Mayor Eric Adams loves his mother, mayor Eric Adams hates rats. This event was to introduce New Yorkers to their brand new rat Czar This is a position the mayor created and his job listing caught for candidates who were highly motivated and somewhat blood thirsty with a swashbuckling attitude, crafty humor and general aura of badassery.


New York's mayor is not popular. He's got huge disapproval ratings on crime and homelessness. Only a fourth of all New Yorkers like the way he is doing his job. So when the mayor talks rats, it's with the joy of a dad whose kids don't want any of the dinners cooked them who finally a dessert gets to hand them massive hot fudge sundaes. He's made a big issue. Employees, I hear it all the time. I'm on the trains, I'm walking the streets. People stop me and say, you know, we are with you man. We hate those damn rats. And you know, remember Julia, remember when I came out that rat device, you know, I had a rat device. We called 96 rats around Brooklyn Borough Hall, 96 rats. And you know, there were people that were yelling, you know, oh you murderer, you murderer.


You know of This is the kind of cutthroat swagger in a lot of the remarks this day. Picture to the podium is a table with all kinds of gear for shooting poisoning and trapping rats. Soon the new rats are Kathy. Karate takes the stage and zingers could kill rodents. Well, the best they can be. New York's in good hands. You'll be seeing a lot of me and a lot less rats Like that quote, There's a new sheriff in town and with your help, we'll send those rats packing Full name, send full man your Fully keeping with the giddy mood of the day. The Rat Z's parents are there failing for reporters and telling the story of how at 10 their daughter mobilize her entire neighborhood to fight rats.


And so, so proud. They can't stop themselves from talking over each other in a gush of words. I'll be honest with you, there was so many applicants. But then when she started to get down, but we knew, I was like, and she's right for job. and I said to my wife, I go, I think they're gonna hire her. She's Right for, she got the job. She's smart. She's super smart. She's great with people. She's gonna do a great job. She can do a great job. The mayor has made it very clear his stance on rats. He hates rats. I hate rats. All New Yorkers hate rats. Wow, That is strong. Ain't Not true. Not True. Everybody don't hate rats. Okay, so we are gonna devote our program today to rats and their hold over our cities and our minds.


And for some equal time, we thought it was very important to co-host today's coverage. We thought we would reach out to the one group that did not get a turn at the mic at the Mayor's press conference. Welcome you guys. So let me push this mic a little closer to there on the floor Please. So far away. All ready? 1, 2, 1 2. All right. You wanna introduce yourselves? I'm Reggie. I'm Rachel. We are rodents here with the road class. We are rats. Can I ask you guys like what, what do you make of this press conference? And the mayor appointing a rat czar and announcing like rats is his mission. He's gonna kill rats. You know, look, if I, if I had made the same budget cut that that guy was pitching, I'd also be trying to throw a little smoke mirrors in the air.


Little confusion, little confusion, little bit, little Confusion. So you're saying it's just a distraction Cause it's absolutely distraction. I mean, look, you know who's gonna, who's gonna fight back? Who's gonna fight back against that? We're easy. Yeah, we're small, but we're resilient. Yeah, we got the numbers. We got the numbers. Well actually the numbers are, are interesting. It's actually a real question. Nobody knows how many rats are in New York City. It's 8 million people. But since you guys are like nesting everywhere under the streets and sidewalks and you're in ancient water pipes and utility pipes and sewers and subway tunnels, like the best guess like we could find from anybody is just millions of rats. That's all they can say. 8 million so far. We're growing every day. Well actually that's true.


People are seeing a lot more rats in New York. Health inspectors are seeing twice as many rats as they saw just a few years ago. And that's what you see teaches just female. Let's go. Can I ask you guys do, do you see, do you see anything in the other size arguments? Do you see anything in why, why people find you to be a pest and frightening? Alright, every once and again a kid gets bit, Okay, well actually the last year that we have stats for a hundred New Yorkers got bit by rise. Yeah, But how many? 8 million. What is that? That's nothing. That's nothing. How many New Yorkers a year get stabbed? Right? How many New Yorkers a year get hit by cars? How many rats control rent prices in New York? Very few.


Very few of us are, you know, keeping Manhattan unaffordable. Right? And yet somehow, oh, rats are evil. Yeah. Well let me give you guys the human point of view on this. Okay? In this new battle that's going on in New York between a growing rat population and a mayor calling for your blood, let me tell you about somebody who's on the front lines of where a new wave of rats has shown up. Her name is Darice Foster. She lives just a couple blocks from the park where the mayor's press conference was held and she saw the commotion and stopped to watch and talked to my coworker. Valerie Kne told her that she's lived on hundred 38th Street since the nineties and they never used to have a rat problem until the pandemic Rats outside the building, rats in the basement. This is new. This is, I guess nobody was, everybody was looking the other way or doing something else and the rats took over.


I I don. It's very frustrating. Like harbor's collection day is the absolute worst. There's really no safe place because they're running from garbage to garbage to garbage to garbage. Even in the middle of the street. It's not safe because they dart so that you can barely walk and you just have to hope, pray to God that they're not there. Like I shake my keys, I make as much noise. So Valerie and I headed to her block on garbage pickup day and met up with Darice before her kids left for school, which is a big operation in our house. Each of her four kids goes to a different school in a different part of the city. She lives in a really pretty block in Harlem. That's all townhouses and trees. It was a perfect spring morning and as we stood there on the sidewalk, yes.


Even with the sun shining over here, there in plain day, just saw Hold God. Oh Jesus Christ A rat. Yeah. No, I just saw the rat don don't know where it came from but it crawled across the top of the green can, I don't know, know where it went because I kind of froze. I walk over to a big plastic trash bin and look inside. There's a rat chewing through a bag. That sound was the rat. Yeah. Bernice says that it's not just a general kind of post pandemic surges, it's led to all the rats on her particular block. The neighborhood has been gentrifying one house a couple doors down, so for two and a half million dollars. Others aren't far behind.


Bernice rents and one of the only apartment buildings on the block. And she said her landlord is trying to drive everybody out of her building to raise the rents. Hot water and heat have gone out for weeks at a time. Departments, They don't fix anything. They're harassing tenants. They have managed to harass and get half the building. So half of the tenants are gone and rats are helping their cause 'cause they just wanna clear out my building. Anyway. So In New York City rats are just a pawn and they much bigger clash. That is New York real estate. We did reach out to the landlord, his name is Hamad Ali, to ask him if he's trying to drive out Darice and they other last tenants in the building. I'm letting rats de fester as part of that.


But he didn't return our calls or texts or our emails. I'm really stubborn. I do not want my landlord to win. Oh my God. Sorry. Sorry. I'm so sorry. That was humongous. When rats scam her by, they seem to completely unn Darice and she urges me and her sons to move away from a stairwell where she's seen rats there. Certain spots where she doesn't like to stand, but her kids are totally unruffled. Her son's Micah and Amir. They're nine and 12 both perfectly happy to be late for school to talk rats. Each new rabbit we see, they're like yeah sure, whatever. This one looks like it died recently.


The boy spot this one up the block and show Valerie. Wait, how can you tell? Because like it's a body, their eyes are still open and like it's body is like still kind. It kind of looks like it's fake playing dead And because ants haven't swarmed that place yet. Well I'm gonna take a quick picture. Do you feel like the rats have gotten into your head? Oh yeah. No, I absolutely, I am thinking about them a lot. I mean it's just so strange 'cause they're so small and yet they can, they can wo so large. They're huge. These are not small rats. These are, these are big fat jolly rats.


They are eating good here. Like I'm amazed at how, how agile they are. Like these, these Are, I told her niece how a scientist I talk to said that the big problem with rats these days is not that they spread disease. She said it's rare in North America for anybody to report catching a disease from a rat. Really? And it's much more common for rats to catch our diseases from us going through our stuff. Like New York. Rats got covid from us and the scientist told me that the bigger problem with rats is the very thing that Darice is experiencing. The stress, the real way feeling of everything being out of control when rats are there and it just freaks people out. Like there's just something about having them around that just gets to us psychologically.


It means that you've done something terribly wrong in your life and you should correct it if you're encountering rats. Like it's, it's like a problem sign. It's like stop change, do something different. What today on our program rats, when rats show up, it is all about the rats beginning of anything else. If you have had a run in with a rat, you pretty much remember it the rest of your life. Today we let ourselves get transfixed. Why do they get to us so much? Like I said earlier, my co-host for the hour today are Reggie and Rachel, New York City Rats.


You guys have anything you wanna say about Dice's situation? You think she's wrong to be scared? No, no. It's, you know, she's speaking the truth. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It, it's scary. But you know what? I think the fact that we're being blamed for being a bunch of Beyonces, you know is outrageous. Right? When we step in the room, all eyes on us. Yeah. All Eyes. Yeah. You know what's special oof buzz. Right? You know, valid Excuse us for shining. Sorry Rats. You may think you know them. You may think you have nothing to learn. We have stories today I think will open your eyes. Stay with us.


This American Life. Today's show is a rerun that we're bringing back right now. 'cause New York's Mayor Adams is holding the very first national urban rat summit in three weeks in New York City. And we thought we could help everybody kind of get in the right head space for that. And we're gonna start today's show with a story that you guys commissioned as our co-host today. Yeah. Because there's the lie and there's the rat truth. That's why we're here to tell our story, which is why we got this next story for you. Act One 51st. So it might be hard for some of you close-minded folks to believe, but there are a lot people out here who love rat, love us to death, who see us for who we really are.


For more, we go to NPIs Elna Baker. Actually she's not With NPR. Oh my god. Copy that for more on this. We go to our very own Elna Baker. I, okay, so I wanna start from the beginning. You and I, we met at a party, right? Yep. You came up to me and you basically did this thing where you were like, Hey, you're a woman. Can I get your opinion on something? And then you explained your predicament. Will you explain for us now, what's your current big dilemma? Yes, I have several pet rats and I also am single and used to be a very active dating in the dating scene.


and I want to either, I have to either get rid of my rats so that I can start dating again. Or I guess become a weird lonely rat person for the rest of my life. don don't know if that's like, it seems like those are the two options and the fact that I'm weighing that decision is probably not a good sign. Like that should be a pretty easy choice. I, I would think that a couple years ago it would've been an easy choice for me, but all of a sudden it's not. And at the party you turned to me after explaining all of this and you said, is me being a rat guy a deal breaker? And you emphatically said yes. Yes. Because it's not just that Todd has rats, that's his name by the way, Todd.


He has 12. They roam free all day and they've taken over his living room where he is set up an American gladiator style obstacle course with tiny ropes for the rats to swing from furniture. If this were a Disney movie, it'd be magical. But if Todd were your Tinder date, you'd report his profile a little about Todd. He's 39 a rider living in la He's tall, attractive, says he wants to find a real relationship and settle down according to his friends. He's really broken up over this choice constantly telling them he's going to get rid of the rats, but unable to pull the trigger.


He's truly at a crossroads. Obviously I have a strong bias for which road I think he should take. The kind of road that when you're walking a rat doesn't suddenly come scurrying out, brushing against your feet. And the only thing I didn't understand, why was this so hard for him. Okay, so just help me walk me through it. So how did it start with the rats? I think that the, the rats in a weird way. I think everybody has like, at least one weird thing that they got into during the pandemic. For some people it was like knitting or like, you know, a weird Japanese TV show. For me it was, you know, having a bunch of pet rats. Wait, so, so I see. So basically you're saying this decision could only have happened during the pandemic A hundred percent before the pandemic.


I was not what, what I, you would call a rat person. I, you know, I spent 10 years living in New York. I thought rats were pests, not pets. Like they're like slightly above or below bedbugs I guess on like the New York things you don't ever want in your apartment list. It was probably three weeks into the panda, into the, the first lockdown. I was going on a walk and when I got home in the parking lot to my apartment, there was the, I saw this little tiny cute little rat and he was crawling and it wasn't like scampering away. He was crawling and his back legs weren't working. He was kind of like dragging his body with his front little arms.


It was like, it almost looked like, like out saving private Ryan, like, just like a wounded soldier trying to carry himself to safety. and I felt so bad. It was like one of the saddest things I'd ever seen combined with also being super like lonely and locked down and like just going on like a super introspective walk. and I was like, I'm gonna save this rat. I'm gonna bring this rat upstairs, I'm gonna nurse it back to health Todd put on a pair of gloves, picked up the rat, put it in a box, did the icky dance, then went upstairs. The first thing that happened is I called the Humane Society 'cause I was like, I'll take care of this rat until they can take 'em in thinking I would do that the next morning. and they were like, immediately the, the girl on the phone was like, yeah, we don't do anything with rats. Like I can call animal control to get rid of it if you want, but we don't like do anything for rats.


Wait. I was like, wait. The Humane Society is like, ew. No rats. Yeah. The one, at least the one in la Yeah. They're not very humane. The woman was humane enough to give him the number of a rat rescue. He calls and talks to a woman named Shannon who says she'd love to take his rats but she can't for 10 days 'cause she's outta town. She's like, can you handle it till then and keep it eye? I was like, yeah, of course I can like knowing nothing about rats or anything, but I was like, awesome, we got a project, now let's do it. Because of the pandemic, Todd had lost his job. He spent most days sitting at home with his wheel spinning. So project keep Rat alive until Shannon gets home became his new focus.


Todd was in luck though. The rat he took home wasn't a street rat, it was a discarded pet rat. While they're the same species, the difference between street rats and pet rats is similar to wolves versus dogs still. The first night did not go well. Todd was afraid of the rat and it seemed afraid of him. It escaped the cardboard box. That was in multiple times. But quickly, Todd went from being grossed out to engrossed. He'd Google, why does my rat do this? And lose himself for hours reading all sorts of rat behavioral studies. Also, every pet rat is different. So 'cause like they all have different personalities, much like people.


And so like, you'll go on like the rat Reddit or, or Ratt at as as it's called. And like to like Google or to to look up like, Wait, it's called Reddit. It's called Reddit. They got a good one. They, they locked that down pretty good. It was a real crash course into learning about everything, about rats. Like you have to get it a a buddy basically. Like they hate being alone. They get lonely and depressed. And so like, immediately I was like, okay, I gotta get another rat for like 10 days. Or at this point it was like eight. And so I went on Craigslist and started looking up like, you know, like rats for sale. So I found a guy who was selling rats for like $3 a piece. and I went to that dude's house and he is like, okay, here's the two rats I have, which one do you want? And there's two little cute rats and like a little fish tank thing.


and I was like, don don't care. Like, you know, which, which one do you not want? And he is like, well it doesn't matter to me, I'm just gonna feed the other one to my snake. and I was like, well now I don don't want the other rat's blood on my hands. Like I'll just buy 'em both. So, so at that point I had three rats and obviously very quickly I was becoming like, they were definitely my best friends and my only friends. 'cause again, it was lockdown. And so at the point that this lady, Shannon got back from visiting her family and was ready to take the original rat into her rodent rescue, I no longer wanted to give him up. And in fact she was not surprised that my rat culture had had already multiplied the three. And she's like, that's how it happens.


And then I was like, no way. She's, yeah. Like I wait. She says She, she literally says, ugh, that's how it happens. Oh yeah, she was laughing. She was like, yeah, that's literally every rat owner. Like you start with one and then all of a sudden, like you have a ton. She tells him about another rodent rescue where he can get even more rats. Todd says, I think I'm okay with three. Shannon, thanks a lot. I hang up the phone immediately, go on Instagram, look at the South Bay rodent rescue. And later that day I had, I had two more rats. I was up to five and I'm pretty sure, I wanna say later that week we got to eight. Like, and if you, if you added up all the rats I've had between the ones that have died and the ones that got foster, I, I feel I probably have like 35 rats at this point, which is pretty insane.


35 rats. Actually it was 37. There's Claude Pearl, Arthur Mar, so Birdie, Lucy, Henry, Bobby, Caesar, Leonard, Oliver, Harriet, Luke, Amanda, Julian, Roger, Ricky Bow, Penelope, sweet Lou, Dave, Kelsey, Alonzo, Ebenezer, Eddie, Beth Van Osmo, Jake, Delilah, Klaus, Aldair, Eleanor Gerdy, Joshua, Heidi and Peter. He didn't have them all at once. Rats only live a few years. So the most he's ever had at one time was 14. When I've told friends about Todd's rats, they've asked me, is he okay? Like is he having a breakdown or anything?


And the answer is emphatically no, he's fine. But he just lost his job and he was having a hard time getting motivated to find another one in the pandemic job market. And besides how could he, he was so busy falling in love with rats. I see rats as vermin carriers of disease, just thinking of them. S skives me out. But Todd says, I just don't know them like a proud parent. He told me things about rats that converted him. and I gotta say, I actually had no idea how intelligent these animals could be.


That's part of what hook Todd, he observed. Rats are like obsessed with what we know about what they know. Like they never want us to know what they know. It's, there's like the mind game level. It's like CIA level mind games of like, they want to make us keep us in the dark about whatever information they have or whatever they know how to do. So like they're very secretive. They love hiding stuff and stashing stuff and they never wanna be caught in doing anything naughty. Right In the beginning, Todd would give his rats treats, which they'd take and stash in hiding spots all over his apartment. Every night he'd have to clean 20 to 25 little staes. Todd started to get suspicious. He was giving them treats but not this many treats.


so we set up a GoPro facing the treat drawer to find out what was happening. Sure enough, the rats had figured out how to open the treat drawer by standing underneath it and pushing it open as a team. They'd steal treats, then close it shut. Todd immediately moved the treats up to the middle drawer. The next day he came into the kitchen, the middle drawer was open and all the treats were gone. He reviewed the GoPro footage to try to figure out what happened. Come to find out that they, three of them had figured out that if they wedged them, so the oven is next to this cabinet, if they wedged themselves against the oven, their little tiny fingers, they were able to kind of like just wedge in between the drawer and get it out just enough that then they could stick their face in, use their face to wedge it out more.


And then all of a sudden they were able to climb into this middle drawer and start stealing food again. But then they figured out that they can't close the second drawer 'cause there's no way to push it closed. They had been closing the the bottom Drawer. Oh, and if it's not closed, then that means they're caught. Now you're now you're totally caught. So then don don't know what little rat meeting they had, but they somehow came up with the idea that instead of getting caught with the second drawer open and that they'd been stealing food, they would take all of the food and treats from the second drawer and put it back into the first drawer, the bottom drawer. So then hopefully when I would find it, I would think that they were like helping me put it back in the correct drawer. Todd opens the bottom drawer and the treats are all there.


Another thing I learned talking to Todd about rats is that they can jump incredibly high like bunnies. Todd learned this when he set up his GoPro to figure out how his rats were getting into these high cubbies. The footage showed they were crawling onto the kitchen table and launching themselves four feet in the air. Todd knows their secret, but they don't know, he knows. A few days later he wakes up And I walked into the living room and I saw Claude and he was running over to go do this. And then he kind of stopped and froze. He had been busted doing something naughty and he walked up to the edge of the table and I looked at him and he kind of turned and looked at me and then he turned and looked at the cubbies and then he turned and looked at me again.


And then he jumped like straight up, just like a couple, like the saddest little jump and just belly flopped onto the ground. He essentially tried to trick me into thinking that he could not make this jump, that like very easily could be done. and I have seen them do now on camera many, many times. They're just like, did that just happen? Like did this rat just try to trick me into thinking he couldn't do something I know he can do. I talked to a rodent behavior specialist about all of this. He says, Todd's got it mostly right. He wouldn't go so far as to say the rats were trying to trick Todd, but he said that rats know what will or won't get them treats from their owner and they'll behave accordingly.


What Todd is reading is intent is actually the nuance with which the rats can read the cues he's giving. I was surprised when the rodent guy told me how perceptive they are. If you're stressed, a rat can smell that. They also study your posture. They read your facial expressions. They can detect things about us that we can't even see in each other. And they're social animals if you like them and aren't trying to kill them, they wanna play all day. They enjoy it. Which Todd noticed It was nonstop entertainment. They are always up to something. And also like they're so loving, like they're just like, they're one of the most like loving creatures you could ever have as a pet.


Like they just like are obsessed with you. It's like, wait, It was really, This is the side of rats I do not know about. Like no one talks about rats. They're so loving. So can you just like, I need you to, I I need you to convince me that that's true. That's fair, that's totally understandable. But as far as like their loving nature is like, they just like constantly want to come cuddle and kiss you and give you little licks and like This is so I fully admit that like I am like pretty far off the deep end into like pet rat ownership, but there's still like another level that I haven't like sunk to yet, which is like a lot of people let their rats like clean their teeth and stuff, which is like disgusting to me.


But rats love to groom you because that is like hugging and kissing. I think that I got a lot of booger readers right now. They just always want to get in my nose and try to like clean my boogers, which is like, dude, stop. That is like disgusting. Wait, I Love clean. Wait, do you have a line? Oh yeah, I do. I do. Yeah. I will not let them clean my teeth or boogers or the ear thing is like don don't want them crawling inside my ear. But it is really cute when they try to, 'cause like you hear their little squeaks and sniffs and that's pretty cute. But then once they start trying to get into your, your ear to clean it, it's like, dude, stop. Like, that's disgusting. The idea of Todd being groomed by rats brings me back to his predicament.


When does the thought, okay, I need to get rid of these rats if I wanna have love and a relationship. When does that occur to you? Yeah, so for me, I feel like as the pandemic started kind of like actually winding down a bit, I think like post like the last variant, it felt like, you know, things were opening up again. People were, you know, I was going to parties again for the first time in a while and like meeting people at parties and like, I think I was at a friend's party and the moment kind of occurred I was, I met a, a girl at this party and we really hit it off and we were flirting and then we exchanged numbers and then she, we kind of kept talking and then she inquired about potentially getting a drink.


so we got a drink after this party and then as things were winding down and the bar was closing, you know, I think like anybody, you fall into old habits and you're like, okay, do you wanna go back to my place? And she's like, yeah. And like, it was like a, like a Kaiser Soce moment where all of a sudden in my head was like, oh my God, wait a minute. I have at that point 12 rats in my apartment. Like, it did not, it had not even occurred to me like, I can't bring this person home to an apartment full of rats. I was like, the first thing that rushed through my mind is like, how do I explain this to her to preface this before we go to my apartment? And like very quickly I was like, there is no way to explain having 12 rats in your apartment. They were in his car on the way home. Todd turns to the woman and says, Actually I'm really sorry, I lied and said, I'm, I'm actually really, really tired and I have a early morning tomorrow.


Like, and so like this girl probably thought like, I was like, you know, like not that into her having second thoughts when in reality it's 'cause I didn't want to expose her to a rat filled apartment. He takes her back to her car and they never see each other again. I remember laying in bed that night being like, well, This is probably the end of like rat ownership. Like if we're gonna be like meeting people again, life is kind of starting to get back to normal. This is not something that you can explain to somebody. Todd's tried to get rid of the rats, posted them online, but then every time he ends up backing out at the last minute, so much so that he's been banned from multiple online la rat groups.


Three and a half weeks ago I had a woman who was coming to adopt them who like, I feel really bad. She drove all the way from Simi Valley in like a half hour before and I was like, I'm so sorry I can't do this. Like IIII gotta keep 'em. I'm really, really sorry. I offered to like Venmo her for her gas, but she was like, no, don't worry about it. Whatever. But yeah, there's, it's really hard to get rid of 'em. I, I've tried quite a bit. It's, it's tough. Oh man, I don don't think you're gonna be able to do it. I know, but I have to. Why do you Have, there's gotta be a way. Why do you have to, why do you have to? This is definitely not a sustainable way of living life.


Todd told me he was planning on getting rid of all of his rats within a month. Okay. Hi Todd. Hi. So, all right, so it's been four months since we last talked. Has it really been four months? It's been four months. Well, minus like a few days. I'm dying to know. Have you given away the rats? I have not. I have, I feel like made some progress in that I have committed to not getting any more rats or any new rats, which I think is a, a big step, a first step.


I'm down to three now, unfortunately. You're down to Three rats. Down to three rats. Yeah. Since Todd got most of them around the same time, many of them died around the same time. It's been hard. He's actively restraining himself when he has the urge to get more rats. That's, that takes discipline. What was the closest, who came? Like, oh, a week ago, man, there was a really cute rat video. There was a, there was a rat like a week ago that was, came from the same like breed as one of my favorite rats. My my first rat Claude that died. That was just like, oh, he's the cutest and best little rat. And there was like a really cute video that one of the rodent rescues posted and I was like, yeah, he is up for adoption.


I was like, man, four isn't that different than three? Maybe I'll just get like one more and then like, see where that goes. But he was a young rat and I was like, if I get a fourth one that's young, then I'm gonna have to get him a buddy when the other three die. And then now we're at two. And then like, you know where this goes from there? Like, it's just like, it spirals outta control pretty quickly. So why is he finally letting go of his rats? What changed? After our first call, he started opening up to women on dating apps about his rat ownership. To his surprise, at least half were totally cool with it. He even brought four dates home to meet the rats. It went great. This huge obstacle he'd invented rats or love, it wasn't actually a problem, which made him look at why he was so embarrassed about being a rat guy in the first place.


But I think I was more embarrassed and ashamed of being in general who I was and where I was at that point. Obviously like the pandemic, like it just, like everything that my identity was wrapped around had been paused. Like, I, I love those rats do not get me wrong. and they are super fun. But I think also, you know, you could argue that I was using rat ownership as a way of avoiding addressing other problems in life. 'cause I, that's like, the double whammy is like, okay, I'm not pouring all this time into this weird hobby. That means I do have to pour it into, you know, getting my career back on track, addressing my personal life, addressing my love life and actually like taking those things serious. don don't have this like great excuse anymore to avoid them.


Todd's taking steps to move towards a life without rats. He's taken down all the paintings and pictures, the rats chewed the edges of and is replacing them with new art. The rats destroyed all his plants. He's buying new ones and he's been going out on lots of dates. He feels hopeful about his new life though. He did say when he is out buying new plants, maybe he'll see a new rat and get that too. Elma Baker, she's a producer on this show and a real one of us rats Coming Up.


No country for old rats. We visit a vast place that has somehow gotten rid of rats. That's in a minute. From Chicago Public Radio when our program continues. This American Life from America class. Today's program, Must Be Rats on the Brain. My co today New York Street rats. Reggie and Rachel. Hello. Hey, how right here? Oh, you guys, welcome back to the second half. We have arrived at Act Two of our program, Act Two, the Big Bag theory. So the mayor of New York and his new rats are, have declared this renewed war on rats that we talked about at the beginning of the show. This war that's supposedly gonna be way more effective and lethal.


But one thing about the entire project that seems kind of absurd is that one big reason that there are so many rats in New York City is just obvious. It's completely out in the open. It's not complicated at all. That's right. They, it's racism. Oh no, I'm sorry. No, it's plastic bags. Yeah. Excuse me. The plastic bags. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the thing. New Yorkers put out their garbage in plastic bags. And if you've ever visited the city for more than a day, you've seen these, they're on the sidewalk at night, just huge stacks of them just stretching down the block. It's about 8 million pounds of food waste every day. That's one pound for every man, woman, child, and non-binary person in the five boroughs.


And it is also a lot of rat food. It's like a buffet on every block and you're saying, oh no, don't eat the buffet food. And is it very hard tearing into a plastic garbage bug? No. Is it hard to walk? All right, all right, point taken. Okay, so why, why, why with the biggest city in the country decide to do something so absurd and counterproductive? One of our producers, Ike Ri Kja looked into that. It wasn't always this way. New Yorkers used to take out their trash in Oscar, the grouch style metal cans with tightly fitting lids. The cans were ubiquitous, mostly worked, but nobody liked them.


Here's how you used to have to take out the trash. You'd put your raw refuse in a metal can. A sanitation worker would drag it to the back of the truck, banging it loudly to empty it out. Where New Yorkers, many without hoses were left to clean out their smelly metal cans. It wasn't great. Then in the late sixties, the future arrived. America put a man on the moon. And Here's the answer, folks, new glad trash bags. They're waterproof, scatter proof, so strong, they're leak proof. It's the end of trashy trash. That's neat. Plastic trash bags were mass produced for the first time.


New York City mayor John Lindsay saw an opportunity for an easy political win. He called a press conference on May 8th, 1969. Reporters gathered in the blue room at City Hall. A garbage bag hung on the wall, and Mayor Lindsay announced plans for a new experimental program that would allow New Yorkers in half a dozen neighborhoods to drop trash bags directly on the curb overnight. The mayor said he wanted to see if paper and plastic garbage bags could reduce noise, odor, litter, speed up garbage collection, and improved conditions for sanitation workers.


The sanitation union was all in, but not everyone was so glad. Bobby Corrigan remembers where he was these days. He's a world renowned rheumatologist, the University of New York, but back then he was taking an intro to pest management class at SUNY Farmingdale. His professor asked the class to consider the mayor's recent announcement. I remember him giving us a lesson about that event and he said, I want you to write a homework lesson. What do you think This is going to do for the rat population of the city to put trash in plastic bags? What will this do? Even the students in pest control 1 0 1 could tell what would happen.


The writing was on the wall that if we do this, we're gonna be literally as if it was a zoological garden. We're gonna try to grow these animals. For some reason, Bobby thinks back on this moment, often in the Terminator version of this movie, which would be called Exterminator. The human survivors of New Rat City would send Bobby back to dive in front of the podium and knock the bag outta Mayor Lindsay's hand. If I was there sitting in the audience or any pest professional, we all would've went, whoa, whoa, stop. We have questions back here in the back row. Stop. Stop. My message would've, I would've stood up and say, This is going to be a colossal mistake in public health and a colossal mistake in quality of life, and it needs to be stopped and rethink this whole thing with different approaches.


How pivotal was this moment in the history of the New York City rat population? I think, I think it was everything I, I think it put this animal into hyperdrive. He calls this the Big bang theory or the big bag theory. He's funny. Right before the bags in 1969, another respected ologist named Joe Brooks did a survey and found that rats were only in 11% of New York. Now Bobby says rats are in 80 to 90% of the city.


So did anyone in charge see this coming? If a bunch of undergrads in an entry level PE class could tell, couldn't the people running the city? Fortunately, one of the men who brought plastic bags to New York is still alive. Jerry Kretschmer is now 88. Back then he was acting sanitation. Commissioner Jerry might be one of the last people left. Who can tell us definitively, did they have any idea that plastic bags would lead to a rat apocalypse In 1971? Let's just say if somebody would show me a plastic bag, I would think that's easy to fill.


That's easy to pick up, and it's a easy to collect. Those are the things that I would've thought about it. I wouldn't have thought that rats could eat them because that wasn't what I was concerned with. My concern is collecting the garbage. Is that trade off worth it? I don't know if it's worth it. My story is we gotta get the garbage collected. Rats were not on Jerry's radar at all. He was busy removing millions of pounds of garbage from the city every day, which by the way is kind of a miracle. And bags. They made that massive job faster, 20% faster.


Where the city saw efficiency, big bag saw dollar signs bag makers primed the public by donating 600,000 sacks and even got to help pick the guy who evaluated the pilot project at the initial press conference. That guy claimed that bags would reduce the smell so much that they wouldn't attract rats, which as any New Yorker who has walked past a pile of black bags baking under the hot sun can tell you it's just a total lie. In January, 1971, the city council unanimously voted to approve the use of plastic bags in all five boroughs of New York.


Cans were out, bags were in, and the party began owed to be a New York City rat in the 1970s. Fast forward to 2023, Don. Don't think you are going to find an administration that is more serious about containers and placing our garbage in containers like we are. That, of course is Mayor Eric Adams. And the big thing he and his new rats are, are doing to take back the city from rats is to get trash bags back in trash cans.


But Adams is putting millions of dollars into a new pilot that undoes Mayor Lindsay's pilot. It puts trash into sleek, modern bins. It's ambitious, bold, but here's why it might not work. The new containers need to be picked up more often daily or even twice a day. This would require hiring more sanitation workers and buying new special side loading trucks could cost hundreds of millions of dollars over the next decade. And then there's the parking spots to make the plan work.


The city would need to place the containers in 150,000 parking spots, up to 25% of spots in some neighborhoods. So are New Yorkers willing to give up their parking in order to beat back rats? Don don't wanna give up parking spot. That's hard enough to find a parking spot. You can't get a spot as it is around here. Just when you can come home at night, forget about it. I'd rather get rid of the rat problem. That's much more important. I mean This is a walking city, so you know, it's easy. Give up the spots. Give up the spots. 150,000 where they gonna park in Jersey.


You are asking like a very two very intense things in New York. Finding a spot to park but not wanting problems with a rat that is 150,000. You got big sacrifices. You gotta make sacrifices, but that means people gotta spend more money going to like parking garages. Oh, that's, I'm gonna have to say No, I don't care at all. Same. Like it doesn't affect me. Yeah, don don't think I care. I don't think I care whatsoever. Parking spots aren't affecting me. It was mixed. Pretty much split. Humans are a house divided rats.


They're united. They know what they need to do. That's why they're winning. Kja is a producer on Our show this July a year after we first ran that story. Mayor Adams unveiled New York City's official plastic trash bins to replace plastic bags. Every residential building in the city with fewer than 10 apartments will have to use them by 2026. He said that getting plastic bags off the street is the key to reducing the city's wrap population.


A tree Alberta, more like El Moer. A lot of rats. All right, so daily, everywhere. There are people, there are rats. They thrive living off our agriculture and our garbage. They've followed us. Wherever we've settled, we've Followed you. Come on. Hey. Hey. He's the main character. So you're saying it's more of a partnership? Absolutely. Come on. Well, I'm just saying that, that, that as people spread around the globe, like like rats, most of the rats that are across New York and across America, they started in China and Mongolia, Right? That's right. Mongolia. And then got to Europe and then, you know, we got on a boats and just had it headed out to everywhere.


You know, everybody Europeans went, the Rats went. That's actually the truth. And if you wanna find places where there aren't rats, you basically have to go to places where there are no people like Antarctica. There are islands here and there, but there is one big exception to all this, the largest place of human habitation where there are no rats. Alberta, Canada, Alberta. Canada's a province of Canada, roughly the size of California and Oregon combined. It's bigger than France and it's done something that humans elsewhere have failed out completely. They have no rats. How is that possible? How'd they do it? We are a couple miles west of the Saskatchewan border.


It's kind of like the front line, I guess, and there's no doubt that's where the rats show up. I'm riding through the Alberta countryside with rat inspector Jerry Hoffman. It's green and mostly flat open space that to an American like me. It looks very Midwestern farm after farm and the towns near the border are tiny George, 29, straight talking guy who volunteers at the fire department and small town events in a t-shirt, jeans and baseball cap. These feelings about this line of work are uncomplicated. I like my job. I like the outdoors. So spray weeds, go look for rats. Something new every day. I'm an everyday farmer, so you know, I enjoy it.


Rat hunting is just five weeks in the spring and fall for him. I mean he is not doing that. He's working the farm. His family's had for five generations near here. He knows most of the farmers here along the border. Asso in the truck is Karen Wickerson, who runs Alberta's rat control program. She explains that Alberta's campaign against rats began decades ago. If you picture for a second, okay. Rats arrive on the east coast of North America and then slowly spread west across the continent. And in Canada, what that means is they infiltrate Quebec province and then they move west to Ontario province, the Manitoba province. Karen says they reached Saskatchewan province, surprisingly not that long ago, around 1920, And it took them 30 years to move across the province to get to the Alberta Saskatchewan border.


And essentially we saw the rats coming and so we're able to mobilize and be ready for when they arrived. That day came in 1950. People in Alberta looked across the border at Saskatchewan and saw that rats were infiltrating farms and eating crops. Alberta is a big agricultural province and Albertans were like, Nope, we don't want the rats. And therefore they were declared a pest so that every Albertan was responsible for controlling them and they actively went out and educated people as well because rat people didn't know what rats looked like. They had rats, taxidermied and put in all the local agricultural field offices just so that they could see what a rat actually looked like.


That's I decided to set up a rat control zone, kind of a DMZ for rats, where they'd catch the vermin trying to infiltrate the pristine province to ravage their crops. This one runs along the border with Saskatchewan, north to south, over 300 miles, 18 miles wide. That's where we're right now in this truck, twice a year. 13 people that go out to inspect every farm and every spot where rats might nest. Joey's on his spring inspection today, he turns his truck into a driveway of a farm. We see four big steel grain bins. There's some farm equipment in the yard. Okay, we're pulling into where, Just a very suspect area.


I've had an infestation at this yard before So, there was hundreds here inside this burning pit. We climb outta the truck to see if the rats have returned. The burning pit is eight feet or 10 feet deep and the length of a good size swimming pool with a tangle of stuff sticking up the farm wants to set up ways and get rid of, there's dead trees, barbed wire fencing, cow bones. Yeah. So what we're doing here, we're just gonna walk around this burning pit and we're looking on the edges for, for holes. Rat runs like you can tell they use the same track over and over so you can tell where they've been. Now Jerry, you're, you're climbing down.


What are you pointing At? There's a hole there. Yeah, it could be old. Is that hose around three inches around? Yep. Yeah. Could be a rat, could be new, it could be a gopher or a weasel or anything. We spent dozens of other holes, big and small, but no signs of life. No rat feces or food by the holes. Jewelry concludes, there are probably no rats here. When we go into other farms, looks pretty small. We're usually in and out in just a few minutes. Look around some bales of barley or roads, open doors to steal grain bins. The fact that we find zero rats, that's typical. Joey has 500 locations he inspects and the number of actual infestations he discovers like a real nest with or hundreds of rats Once every two years.


Wow. So, so it's a bad infestation once every two years. And then how many other times would you find a rat, let's say in a year? Mm. Like last year I found one once solo and probably none a year before that. Yep. Maybe none the year before that. Yeah, yeah. There must be a part of you where you kind of wish, like you hope you find something so you have something to do. Yeah. So you have to remind yourself sometimes why you're doing it. 'cause it can get fairly dry. Like you're just, I've been to all these yards so many times in my life. It's the same thing every time. This is a dirty secret of the world's most effective rat control program. They have done such a good job that at this point it's kind of boring.


Joy and Karen both use that word. It's like joy is Batman and every night he goes out looking for criminals and never ever find some, I should say it took them a long time to get to this point. Back in the first years of the program in the 1950s, Karen says the teams would discover 600 infestations a year in the rat control zone along the border. By the 1960s, they still needed 250 pest control officers to fan out and kill rats. Today, like I said, it's just 13 people instead of 600 infestations a year, it'll be just two to five. Take that down in a second. Just two to five infestations and over 300 miles of border. One thing that helps 'em keep the numbers low.


I thought this was interesting, is the death of the family farm almost done every year in Canada, just like in the us so many small farmers have gone outta business over the last half century. The remaining farms are really far apart. So if rats do away in feed or supplies and they land on a farm, it's hard for them to migrate to a neighbor. Its ation of farms hasn't just been bad for small farmers, it's been bad for rats. Then when you find some, it's, it's exciting when you find some, You get a sense of just how monotonous Joey's job usually is. When he talks about the last big infestation he cleaned out, it was especially memorable. 'cause instead of using poison, which is the normal way to handle it, the landowner is the one who discovered the rats. He told jury, why don't you come out and bring a shotgun?


They had me out and they supplied all the bullets, all the shotgun shells and I brought my shotgun out and my other three friends and we'd shoot stand in a horseshoe. It's kinda like you're shooting clay pigeons or skit if you know what that is. Yeah, and they just go running out of the holes and you get time to shoot 'em and then reload. It was a ton of fun. Four good friends and four shotguns and it was just, yeah, that was a, that was a great day Because It was my first infestation too that, yeah, yeah. I had just started being mentored by my predecessor, so it was pretty exciting that I actually got to go out and see rats on my first day.


That was about three years ago. Yeah, jury had Karen talks about what was so great about this. She says the sentence, you cannot imagine a New Yorker uttering in the same tone of voice. I actually got to see live rats. I told Jory I was worried that people would hear his glee overshooting rats and think he's a monster. He said it was actually a quicker death than poison, probably less painful. Of course, if you truly wanna keep Alberta rat free, you can't just patrol the border. Stray rats can hit a ride in a truck or a car and land in Calgary or Edmonton or one of the other big cities or towns in the middle of the province. When that happens, and it does happen, Albertans are supposed to notify Karen's office. There used to be a phone number you could call if you spot her at dead or alive anywhere in the province.


But Karen has streamlined the process by creating an email address so people could just shoot a photo of the suspect critter and send it to her back in the truck. She put out her phone and opened an email folder overfilled with hundreds of rodent pits. I got a couple on Friday, a couple on Thursday, so this photo here, This is pretty typical. I have, I I, I know right away when I look at it, it, it is a muskrat. A muskrat is not a rat. It's a bigger pap in Alberta. But Karen says she faces a funny problem from Albertans reporting rats. Albertans don't know if you've lived in Alberta your whole life, you've never seen a rat. So identifying it is, is pretty hard.


In 2023 of the 449 reports that Karen got, only 23 were rats. The official stats actually list the others as non rats. Sometimes of course, people do bring in rats intentionally to the province as pets. But in Alberta, that is breaking the law. And now then Albertans will drop a dime of rat pet owners, even on people they know to Me like sometimes it can be a bad breakup. And, and this has happened. And yeah, so people have been ratted out to me. And In this case it was an ex-boyfriend who ratted out his ex. She was not happy about this. Karen did what she does in these cases.


She gives you a week to find your rat at home in another province. If you don't succeed, they euthanize your pet. Whenever anybody tries to estimate how much money Alberta saves by having no rats, the numbers are in the tens of millions. That's crops that weren't eaten and infrastructure that wasn't degraded. And the cost each year to keep rats out of Alberta, shockingly low, roughly $380,000, which is less than the price of one New York City garbage truck. Low cost than Alberta's success at keeping out rats.


It's partly thanks to some lucky geography. Karen says, namely, they only have to patrol one border. Rats don't come in from the west 'cause there are mountains. Rats apparently don't cross mountains. They'll come up from the US 'cause Karen says it's too far between food sources and they, it'll come down from the north 'cause it's too cold for rats up there. Okay, so the humans of Alberta have banded together in a civic-minded mission that no other members of our species have been as successful at. I was very interested to find out, is that a big deal to Albertans?


Do they feel a sense of achievement? Do they feel a sense of pride about that? Excuse me, are you from Alberta? My producer Ella and I approached Albertans on a drizzly day outside a compound full of animals that they do allow into the province. We were at the zoo. No, there's no rat exhibit. We checked and we asked everybody to name the things that make Alberta special and different. Wondering how many of them would mention their epic rat. Here's what they said. The, the national parks cost of living. The scenic roots are much more closer than you think. Diversity lately, Gas prices. This is a land of oil and gas. I guess Notice what nobody's mentioning. The wildlife Is all the lakes and all the royal forest to the north.


The mountains. Mountains. Ooh, the rocky mountains for sure. We talked to a few dozen people, not one mentioned rats. So the reason why I'm asking is because, do you know about the rat situation in Alberta? Nope. There is no rat situation. Say more, don Don't know. They've kept them out. They've had policies to keep them out ever since I can remember So, there are no rats. I take it from this conversation. That isn't like a point of pride or something. No rats. Yeah. No, No, not really. Honestly. I literally hadn't thought about it until you brought it up just now. Lots of people said they knew there were no rats. They're glad about it.


But it is not a point of pride. This is the thing. If something is not around you don't think about it. There's one teenager put it That's like thinking why there's no giraffes walking around here. Like it's just kind of normal to us. Also, turns out life in Alberta is not so different from life in the rat filled rest of human civilization. 'cause Alberta has its own share of pests. In fact, as we stood there outside the zoo, an animal ran by us on the grass and the family we were talking to was like, oh yeah, gophers, they're everywhere. You see them a lot.


We probably have as many groundhogs and prairie dogs as New York has rats Out in their rat control zone on the border. Karen and Jerry confirmed that of all the pests they have in the province, mice muskrats, wild feral pigs. The worst one is gophers. Or anyway, that's what everybody calls them gophers. But as Karen points out, they're actually Richardson ground squirrels. You Could call it the Minnesota here. Yeah. There's a war against gophers for sure. There's an extreme war against gophers. So on your farm, do you have to put out poisons for the gophers? Yeah. Or else you have to be like my dad and shoot a few hundred a day or else they'll like, we still don't have 'em under control.


There's just thousands. You could sit in one spot all day and shoot gophers without moving and then there's just holes and it makes your feel rough and bouncy and messy and, and they'll eat your grain. They're terrible. I hate them. I bet my dad has shot probably 2000 gophers already this season. Like anytime he is not too busy working, that's what he goes and does. So wait, so so, but then you're out here keeping the rats out, but you have this other pest that just is bad almost.


Well, yeah, this one, this one we can eradicate and that one is too far gone. We just, there's nothing we can do about it. Really. Well, and they're native. Yeah, It's in ground. Yeah. Whereas a Norway or roof rat is not, it's an invasive species. I know, but just 'cause they're Canadian doesn't mean they're not terrible for you. Yeah, yeah. It does, doesn't it? Standing there in the rat control zone, Karen did try to make the case that rats are way worse than gophers. Gophers don't move into a house or grain bin and leave their p and poo. They don't choose their fours and do the same kinds of destruction. But in the end, what it comes down to is gophers are Canadian.


So what are you gonna do? Like rats in New York, you can kill a few thousand here or there, but they're not going away. Even in a province, it's done the impossible. Some things are truly impossible. So what do you guys think? You, you can't enter Alberta, Canada. Oh no. Oh, so sad. Oh no. Hey, Rachel. Oh no, we don't get to go to Canada. Oh, don't get to eat a bunch of sloppy poutine and all night. Hey, you wanna catch a game by the Edmonton Oilers?


Okay, that was time for Act Four. Hey, put that down. You can't eat that. Okay. So This is another story that you guys organized for us. Just explain what you did. Yeah, what we did was, Rachel, you wanna Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. so we went under the Lance Street Gray Street. We, we got some microphones. We set it up in a real rats nest. So This is gonna be a real treat for you. You don't get to hit this very much. You know, we're very inside the nest. For those of you like film, This is called verite. This is real. Rats talking Real. Talk about that. Real rat. Real rat. Real rat. Yes. Real rat rat. Real, real rat rat. No, no. I have actually heard this recording. And just an important fact for our human listeners to know before we play this. I should tell you rat litters, they're, they discuss rat litters are about a dozen pups. And, and This is also important to know.


Male rats sometimes eat baby rats. And when they've studied this with lab rats, they've found that the males are less likely to eat their own babies. Isn't that right you guys? Exactly. Hey, depends on how much you like to kid. Look and it's a cold world, but you know, we have a lot of babies for a reason. All right. You're gonna lose a few, you're gonna keep, keep a bunch. You know you're gonna eat a few. Okay, so another thing, and This is kind of out there, scientists of theorize that female rats might choose to mate with lots of males to protect their own pups from being eaten. Those best we can tell no studies have tested that yet. Okay. Anything else you guys think we need to say to set this up? No, just, just for the tape, right. Quick warning the story acknowledges the existence of sex between mammals.


Okay. So This is a conversation between rats. Jerry? Yeah. I have amazing news. Okay. I'm pregnant. No way. Yeah. And your short's mine. Absolutely. 100% sure. Absolutely you do. You know, as we all know. Yes. No, I did have sex with every other male rat here, but absolutely. Wow. Yeah. Wow. So you're not gonna eat them. Yeah. Because they're yours. Yeah. Probably not. I probably won't eat them. Yeah. Okay. Especially if there's, you know, an abundance of food scraps and garbage. If I'm full, I definitely won't eat them.


Okay. And even if I'm not full, I probably won't eat them because they're yours baby. Yeah. This is the happiest news. I would, I would say that there's a slim chance I would eat more than a couple of these babies, but I'm so psyched. Congratulations I don wanna be a monster here. But Gina had some babies. If you're feeling a little peckish, that's interesting. Probably I don't, Gina's baby Gina's babies probably wouldn't hit the spot. You know, really? Gina's so tempestuous, she couldn't get so emotional. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay. So you know that about Gina.


Really? Well then I'm saying I probably wouldn't wanna eat Gina's babies. Well, okay, are they only Gina's babies? Are they don? Don't know. Are they all little Jesus mice? Unless Gina is having immaculate conception babies, it's definitely hers and someone else. No, I assume they were Ralph's. Yeah, I assume so too. Well then why aren't you eating them I don Dunno something instinctively. Ooh. Ooh. Listen. These aren't even your there. I said it. These aren't even your, that's why I wanna eat them so bad.


I I mean you have to give me credit. I promise not to eat more than one six of those babies when we both kind of instinctively knew they weren't mine. Oh, you keep your promises, you really keep your promises. Hey, I'm sorry it didn't work out. You're a great partner, but I guess things bounced the wrong way and I guess. I guess I am impregnated Gina. I didn't mean to do it. I can see your nose twitching just when you say her name. I know. I should have known her beady little eyes when she told me she was pregnant. Well, once a rat, always a rat.


Shout out to our friends Jerry and Louise. Emmanuel Joji produced that story. The Royal bro is produced today by Diane Wu and Ire k Raja.


The top of the show was produced by Valerie K. Hello Mustafa produced a story from Alberta. The People who put together Our show today include FIA Benon, Mike Comte of Vida Kornfeld, Bethel Hte, Cassie Howey, Seth Flynn, tostone Nelson, Catherine Raimondo, Nadia Raymond, Ryan Rumery, Alyssa Ship Spiegel, Christopher Tala, and Matt Tierney. Our managing editor is Sarah Abdurahman, our senior editors, David Kestenbaum. Our executive editor is Emmanuel Barry. Help on today's rerun from Henry Garson. Today's show, whisperers Broadcast a year ago. Since then, Denise from the top of the show says her landlord did send a guy who cleaned up the trash and took care of the rats. Todd, the single guy in Act One, who was trying to get rid of his rats, finally succeeded during that three months ago.


Though he says 90% he would get another rat of the opportunity presented itself. Special thanks today too. Rat disease expert Katie Byers from the Vancouver Rat Project. Robin Nagel Miller. Ken mcc Carson, Laura Fitzgerald of the archives at Yale University Library, Shane Edwards, Kate Smart d. Lamb, and go to Shero. And now Real life. You guys are Beshear Salahudin and Chandra Russell. You guys, let's hear your real voices. Hello. Hello. Hey everybody. So, and people can see you on the TV show, south Side on Max, and you're gonna be in Sherman's Showcase live at the El Ray Theater in Los Angeles on September 25th. Chandra, you're starring in the film All Happy Families. Were just coming out in September, is that right? Yep. Oh, thank you so much for doing this.


Thank you For having us. Thank you for having us. Seriously, man. This is awesome. Yes. The Red improv in our last story was Chris Gethard and Tammy Sager. He's the host of the podcast, beautiful Anonymous Tammy's doing in private, the newly reopened Upright Citizens Brigade in New York City. Our website, This American Life dot org, where you can hear our archive of over 800 episodes for absolutely free This American Life is delivered to public radio stations by PRX, the Public radio exchange. Thanks as always. To our program's Co-founder, Mr. Tory Malatia. He bought a new briefcase this week. It was leather, but he didn't want cow hide. He didn't want snake skin. He was very specific with the salesperson. They went back and forth.


Talk about that. Real rat. Real rat. Real rat. Yes. Little rat rat. Real, real rat rat. I'm Eric Glass. Back next week with more stories of This American Life. Next week on the podcast of This American. Life. Ready? Here we go. A million people go to the Iowa State Fair. Some for the rides, some for four H, some to sell stuff, and some. So you have to shoot 10 balloons and change your gun and come back across the timer in nine seconds.


That's less than a second first shot. We Go to the fair next week on the podcast on your local public radio station.