
In Israel. Last week, LE Elba wanted to do something about his daughter Leary, who had been captured by Hamas a year ago when she was 18, and is still hostage somewhere in Gaza. And so he took a bullhorn and went to stand outside an event that was being held by the Prime Minister's political party. Lee Co. Basically, he wanted the people running the country to make some kind of deal with Hamas and bring his daughter home. And so, okay, he's standing there with his bullhorn, this grieving, worried parent who doesn't know if he's ever gonna see his child again. And someone throws an egg at him and another egg. Somebody yells and calls him a cancer on Israel. Somebody else accuses him of being funded by Yasir.


The head of Hamas. This is not unusual in Israel. The country is bitterly divided between people like these hostage families who are saying, stop the fighting, make a deal with Hamas, bring home the hostages. And on the other side, the prime minister's supporters and his coalition, people running the government who wanna press on with the war and get to a more complete victory over Hamas. Have an Israeli friend who said to me that this war is different from ones in the past in Israel, because in the past he said, once the war started everybody united this time, it's driven people further apart to the point where even these anguish families who you think would have universal sympathy in a country at war are the target of all kinds of hate.


Some other examples, a real estate mogul who's also a big lucco supporter, writes tweets that call for the death of the mother of one of the hostages. Or here's a video that was posted online of an Israeli right winger on a motorcycle who pulls over next to a group of hostage families and tells them, you're gonna be murdered. I'm gonna murder you. Mark my words. So in Israel, supporting the hostages for so many people has come to mean that you oppose the Israeli government and the way that they're conducting the war, and you wanna cease fire. and they deal with Hamas. I think here in the United States, we have a different picture of the hostages, And, what they stand for.


Here, I think there's this feeling that if you support the hostages, you support the war and the current Israeli government and the way it's conducted that war with all the bombings and death. The hostages are a symbol, but a symbol that means different things to different people in the US and Israel. It's been a year since the hostages were taken. The current conflict with Hamas began last October 7th with the killing of 1200 people and the kidnapping of 251 others. So much has happens in sin. Of course, Israel killed over 40,000 Palestinians. 90% of the population, almost 2 million Palestinians have been displaced from their homes. This past week, Israel expanded the word of Lebanon with a ground invasion.


Iran sent missiles in response, and the White House has been scrambling to try to stop a full out regional war. At this point, this war is about so many other things than the hostages. But those 251 people, 117 of them released or rescued, 70 dead and 64 were presumed alive and in captivity. There are still this symbol. They were on posters that people put up and other people tear down. They're gonna bring them home bracelets, but they're also, you know, people each having their own personal and specific experience of this war. An experience of politics flattens and wipes away just two weeks after the Hamas attack.


Very early on, an 85-year-old hostage named Jo was released and sent home. Israelis were pretty excited. They did a press conference from the hospital. She was put on live TV in a wheelchair. Her daughter helped her hear the questions and give answers. Somebody asked when Hamas released you, why'd you shake the Hamas guy's hand her reply? Because they treated us very nicely. My mom is saying that they were very delicate and gentle with them and took care of all their needs. Television commentators and newspaper columnist jumped in calling this press conference a disaster. A propaganda went for Hamas, an embarrassment for the hospital.


Mind you, Lee also said a lot of awful things about Hamas and her abduction. Attackers running rampant, beating people, young and old. They hit her in the ribs with a wooden pole. But the story that came outta the press conference was that she said something nice about Hamas. Within a month, the hospital spokesman who organized that press conference was out of the job. There's certain things that Israelis just did not want to hear right then. Here at our program throughout this year, we've tried to document what this war has been for Palestinians and also for Israelis and This. week, a year after those people became hostages, we thought it might be a good time to hear about their actual lived experiences, all the complicated parts that don't fit neatly into some symbolic picture of them.


There are these long interviews that an Israeli journalist, Lee Naim has been doing with hostages, has been released on a daily news podcast called One A Day. And these interviews, you get to hear them just talking at length. They're not a soundbite, not an image on a poster. You hear what really happened, the complexity of what they went through And, what they saw felt. One of the things that's especially interesting, I think, to hear is the hostages stories about their interactions with the people holding them captive, who I have to say, they come across with way more dimension than I might've guessed. So most of this hour, we're gonna be hearing from one of the interviewees, a woman named Almo Goldstein.


And then when we get to the second half of the show, we're gonna hear from a few of the other hostages who were interviewed. I hope you stick around from WBEZ, EC Chicago. It's This American, Life. I'm her glass. Stay with us. It's This, American, Life Part, One. The abduction. Just a heads up, if you're listening with kids, some of this gets intense. So Al Goldstein lived in the kibbutz called Kfar Za, about two miles from the Gaza border with her husband AV and their four children.


She ended met in junior high school. She worked as a social worker for a while, but then focused on raising her kids. The morning of October 7th, sirens went off and they went to the safe room in their house. One of the things a lot of people talk about in these interviews is how mystified they were that the army did not show up For many Israelis, that is the second astonishing thing that happened that morning, that the military forces Israelis trust to keep them safe and didn't arrive for over eight hours for reasons that still haven't been formally investigated. Huns family stayed in the safe room for five hours, then men entered the house, reached where they were, shot her husband, a dog in the chest, she says right in front of them. Soon after that, they shot her oldest daughter Yam in the face.


Yam was 20 and home on leave from her mandatory military service. Klan says the last time she saw Yam, she was flailing on the floor. Then Lan and her three other children were got outside. There was her 17-year-old daughter, AGA, and also her two sons who were younger, 11 and nine. They Let us to NA's car first in Nada's car, and then to my car. They, they tried to start Nada's car, but his car, when it's starting, it's very quiet. If you don't know the car, you probably wouldn't understand. So they probably thought it's not working. and they brought the keys to my car and we got into my car And I'm looking to the bushes, still hoping that maybe someone will signal to me with their finger.


Maybe I tell the kids to escape. But on the other hand, it was dangerous. I remember realizing This is very crucial what I decide right now. That was, I was afraid. They, they had us. Now, I remember the kids' faces on the way to Gaza, very deep, terrified, looks at me. I remember they asked me what happened to my lips, the boys. I, my lips were probably white. I was, I was shocked. I was completely shocked. And I in the car with the kids on the way to Gaza and I need to like, understand and figure out that it was really important for me to tell the kids first that Yum is not with us anymore.


And AV probably isn't as well. Do the terrorists say anything? They're happy. They're very happy. I remember the driver and the guy next to him. They're filming us. I remember we are putting our heads down. Aga me. Then they stopped near the fence. It was their fence already because it was after some drive through the field and they piled dead bodies on my car. I remember Aga telling the boys to look away And After seven minutes wearing Gaza, it's unbearable how easy it was and how fast I mean.


First of all, we were in shock. I was in shock. Hunt said this a couple of times in her interview. The part of what was so stunning about being taken hostage was how quick it was. One minute she was in her home. Minutes later she was in Gaza, in captivity. I remember like a deserted area. There are papers flying in the air. And then they stop my car, they put us in another car, we drive for a little more, and then a gate opens. The car goes in and the gate closes. They're at a private home.


That's where the car stops. Es her kids till then had held it together That entire time. The kids were just so, so levelheaded. Their conduct was so, it was amazing. Like, they didn't cry. They didn't do anything dangerous. They didn't yell. They didn't try to hold onto my clothes. I, I think they even tried to talk to the terrorists, like talk to them in English. But Now, next to this private home, they see the entrance to a tunnel. And This is the first time that Tal Tal was nine at the time. This is the first time he's crying.


He, he saw this black hole and, and he got scared. Tal cried a bit when he stared at this tunnel, but he, he calmed down. They brought him water and that's it. We are, we're going down this tunnel. It's not very deep. And we meet other hostages from far as a, an elderly couple, a young guy. And each is telling their own kidnapping story. And we, we can't believe we're in Gaza. Can you describe the condition in the tunnel? Sand? There was sand everywhere and also in our mouth, There Was a hallway that leads to this small room with some mattresses.


There's constant sweeping because there's constant sand. And it's, it's pretty hot there. 27 degrees, 27 degrees. That's 80 degrees Fahrenheit And 27 degrees and very humid, very damp. A hundred kids was the three other hostages from the kibbutz were kept in the tunnel for two nights. She says at one point, one of the guards brings a deck of cards to keep the kids occupied. The boys remember were nine and 11 eleven's. The oldest 17. And aga got some sort of a panic attack. She started hyperventilating and she couldn't breathe.


And so they attempted to calm her down. They said, you, you'll be back in Israel by Tuesday. Tuesday you're back. And this was said on Monday. We were kidnapped on Saturday. So, and the truth is, I, I thought, I thought so too. I thought we'll be back by Tuesday. We in Gaza with children. Israel is not going to attack. Israel is not going to do what always does First. They're gonna free us and then they're gonna figure out what they're gonna do. On Tuesday, they do leave the tunnel not for Israel. They're taken to a house next to the tunnel. And it's a house that is full of the sounds of kids, babies, women.


And there we can already hear the attacks. Gaza is being bombarded at this point. And then they start prepping us for another move. Any move through the streets. But they would be surrounded by Gazen. There. Roundup civilians was always a production. 'cause captives were hiding them from the Israelis, from the general public, from everybody. They didn't want people to know that there were Israeli hostages walking right beside them on the street. So they put a gaman Klan into full angel and hijabs. Two boys gal got hats, then they moved 'em outside. It's five days into the war. Israel's bombarding Gaza. I don, her kids see Israeli jets flying overhead.


Hu says she and Aga take all this in and say fada to each other. FTAs, a big Israeli TV series, an action show about military special ops in the West Bank and Gaza. They end up in an apartment where they spend the next five weeks, most of their time in Gaza, Part, Two, daily life and captivity. So different hostages say they were held by different militant groups in all sorts of locations and all sorts of conditions. Some hostages have been released, said they were beaten or sexually assaulted.


Len's family was now in a residential apartment building, guarded by two men who very much wanted to keep 'em a secret from all the civilians living around them on all sides, which have lots of consequences for the way they lived, kind. Remember it being really hot in that apartment. They had an electric fan, but electricity was only on for an hour or two a day. So it's very hard without the fan when the windows are pretty much closed. There are heavy curtains on the windows. And we weren't allowed to go near them. We weren't allowed. They keep opening them, closing them open, close. They don't want anyone to hear us. Even people just in the building or of course people on the streets.


I remember it was very hard for me to fall asleep there. I was always the last one. Always tossing and turning because you're sweating there the whole time. Everything is wet. You're just soaked in sweat. And There are bombings at night. And that stage in this apartment where we were, they were still like explaining to us like, This is bombings from the sky, This is from the sea, This is artillery. And when the house shook, they would move with us, sway with us. We were on don don't know which four, maybe fifth at that stage, at least they would say by the, by the like, like it's far, like you hear the whistle, you know the fall is gonna be far.


They were trying to tell us it's gonna be okay. It's far. and they tried to calm us down. They want us, they wanted us to be okay. Living among the Palestinians. The Israeli hostages suffered through some of the same hardships of the war. Many hostages in their interviews talk about how hungry they were. The caps tried to give them two meals a day. As the Israeli bombing campaign progressed, of course, and the army rolled in food and water got harder and harder to get in Gaza to the point where now Gaza's on the edge of famine. According to the United Nations, My Water, they try to provide drinking water. You can't drink water from the tap. First of all, it's, there isn't like a steady flow of water. Sometimes there's just a drip and it's basically salt water, bathroom, very difficult bathrooms.


You can't just like flush the water. Maybe, maybe we had it in the first two days, but then we couldn't flush the water. There was a really bad smell in the bathrooms. When power would come on for an hour. Sometimes she says they'd get running water. And then they had to decide who could shower guards or some of them, a guy, the teenager really wanted to wash her hair. With all that competition, he says she pretty much gave up on showers for herself. I felt very strange in Gaza. Physically, the whole stay in Gaza, I was very weak. and I, I kept thinking about what happened at home.


I forced myself to remember how I less saw Yam after she was shot. Like it was like a form of, of torture, of, of self punishment. Fortunately, over time, as time passes, I, that image gets blurry. And, and I remember, yam is beautiful and happy. But I, I remember at first I was really forcing myself to not forget how I saw her I mean. The whole thing just took seconds and, and I ran outside. I ran outside to the kids. I didn't go down to help her. I didn't, I didn't check on her. I, I was terrified.


Looking back now, I, I realize that in a way, I, I chose life. Like I, I went outside to Aga and girl. Now in this apartment with those three surviving kids, she was in a constant state of alert to protect them. She says she cried every day, but the captors did not like seeing them cry. She says they wanted them happy, not sad. So she tried to conceal all that. One night, she says the apartment started shaking from a bomb that fell nearby. And the guard had them evacuate. They all go into the street. There's Total darkness. It's 7:00 PM and Gaza is destroyed.


It's devastated. And we're walking outside. We didn't walk long, but we were outside me and the kids. And all of a sudden there's fire on us. I see the, the red lasers and the, the balls of fire and shooting on us fire From airplanes. That's how it looked like. It, it came from above from the air. and they discussed with us many times the absurdity of the fact that they are protecting us from our own military. We had many conversations with them about it, about how absurd it is. and they would really put it in our faces and kind of laugh about it and smile about it. And would be like, do you understand what is going on here? We are watching you.


We are protecting you. There Was one night we spent the night in the supermarket and it was the first time there was an attack right near us on the street. And the supermarket, the whole place shook. And, and it's like a crazy jackhammer that just getting closer and closer to you. We already saw all the rocks coming our way. And it's, it's so scary. It's, it, it's like, feels like the seconds before death. and they are with their bodies. The the terrorists that that sell, that watch us, they're with their bodies on us, covering us on the mattresses, protecting us from attacks of our own military.


The complicated relationship they have with their captors, that's subject of Part Three, the guards in general, only Hamas members who talk to the media are official spokespeople and leaders. And one of the things about these hostage interviews is that they give a glimpse of lower level operatives. Some Hamas, some with other militant groups operating at Gaza who were keeping Israelis hostage. Here's Lee Naim, the interviewer. At the end of the day, these are the people holding you and your life depends on them. So with all the hates, I assume it was very uncomfortable situation. I imagine myself, I want them to like me so I can survive.


So how did you manage it? Yeah, We, we realized our lives are in their hands. We, we realized they were just a cog in the system. That they're not the people making the decisions. Sometimes we would ask them, if someone gave you the decision to hurt us, would you do that? and they would say, no, we are gonna die before that happens. Worst case, we all gonna die together. And that was pretty encouraging to hear. He says that eventually there were four men guarding her family who told 'em they were 28, 30, 37, and 44 years old.


Three married, two with kids. The youngest had a failed engagement. The oldest was the most religious. Han said he would read the most. One of 'em was one in Hebrew. I would ask Aga if she could help him study years or dates. What was the most surprising thing that you discovered about them? Their sensitivity at time. How much they missed their wives. At some point, one of them wrote a letter to his wife and it was like contagious because then another one wrote a letter to his wife. I'm just gonna drop here 'cause I just wanna point out the intimacy of this. These people locked together in a dark, hot, stuffy apartment.


Planes dropping bombs around them who cannot help but notice what the others are doing in this cramped space. It's so personal, but at the same time, they are not on the same team. There's a distance. So when Klan see them all writing under to their wives, And it made us really nervous. and I, we were like, why do you need to write letters to your wives right now? Is something going on? Is there something about to happen? One of them said he had an agreement with his wife to put the letter in his pocket. So if they found his body, they find it in the pocket. We saw, we saw their pain.


Sometimes we could see their pain. We saw them breaking down and cry. What did they cry over About the uncertainty of what's going on with their family, whether, whether their family was hurt or no, that that was the main thing. Did they see you as human beings? Yeah, it seems so. Yeah. Yes. I mean, I, I felt like they really liked ental despite all the harm that was done. And there was harm done beyond their activity. Hamas, they also had a business of perfumes and they really showed us, they brought a box with all the perfumes.


They wanted aga knife to check it out, to try it and tell them what we thought, what we liked. They really showed us the syringes, how they make it with the percentages of the alcohol, how they put it all together. We also started having conversations about the roots and the depth of the conflict From Their perspective. We are the first ones who murdered. We were the ones who deported and murdered their parents. In 48. 1948, the Israel became a state. The violence in that period resulted in the deaths of 15,000 Palestinians and the displacement of over 750,000 others.


When the conversation reached those points, that's when we would stop because it would just get two tes because we didn't agree with them. But on the other hand, we also didn't know all the facts to argue with them. so we didn't, we didn't wanna upset them too much. We wanted to be okay with them Sometimes though couldn't help herself. Like she says, every time they were moved from one apartment to another, passed from one group of captors to the next. The new ones would always ask, is this the family? And then I needed to explain to them that, yes, you murdered my husband, you murdered my daughter. So This is the family. And then sometimes after that there would be like a silence.


And sometimes they would say that if the person who murdered Yamen AV did it in vain, like if Yamen Nadav weren't a real threat, that person on the day of his death, he will be judged. If he killed them in vain, he'll go to hell. If not, he'll go to paradise. Sometimes there was this moment of silence or they would apologize when they realized that their own people, their brothers killed Nadian. Generally though, her captives were pretty unrepentant and open about their hopes for the future. They also told us, we like you. You're a good family.


Don't go back to Za. We'll come back there again. How many will we last time? Like 3000. How many people you think we have in our organizations? They ask me and Aga and I would try 20,000, 40,000. So we'll come, they say in three years, in three years we'll rebuild. And then 40,000 will come again. They were in euphoria in the seven weeks that we were there in Gaza. Our impression was that they were in, they were elated over their success on October 7th and that they plan to come again. We never got the impression that their spirits are being hurt because of the attacks.


Part Four news from home. There was a radio in the apartment and sometimes the guards would family listen, but it was an ordeal to get them to agree to that. When the news came on, they would beg to be allowed to listen to 10 minutes worth A newscast where they didn't talk about the hostages really broke our hearts. We just couldn't accept that they are talking about deepening the fighting and they don't talk about us. And when we came back, we actually talked about it and we noticed that ever since, they are making an effort to always at the top of the hour to mention the hostages because we, we really waited for it.


Every time Listening to the radio, they started to piece together how big the attacks of October 7th had been. They had no idea of the scope. Other hostages said this too. One told the interviewer that she was shocked to hear that 75 people from her kibbutz, a fifth of the kibbutz had been taken hostage. She thought it was just her and the three other people who she'd met in captivity. I was listening to a broadcast when her own father came on the air talking about them. And the radio host is saying goodbye and saying, we're sorry for Nadav and Yum. That's when I finally realized that they're not with us anymore.


Up until then, she'd had out hope that maybe the army had come right afterwards and saved Nadav. That was the first time that gal who's 12 now is 12, cried. We are really moved to hear my dad on one hand, and on the other hand, very, very sad. And still we kept asking for the radio. One day on the radio they heard about the dramatic rescue of a hostage named ish by the Israeli military. That news really seemed to get to their guards. The guards started acting very differently. They started going crazy. They wore their bulletproof vests and they put their uniforms like they became more like soldiers.


Their stress immediately affected us, was projected on us. I remember at some point they were also taking out some sort of grenade in case someone is gonna break the door. and they told us if, if they're gonna break the door, we're all gonna hide in the bathroom together. It was just awful stress. And the news about Ori, did it encourage you or stress you in any way? I mean we were, we were jealous of her. We were jealous that they were able to get to her and rescue her. But we also, we saw what it did to our guards. That's why after they rescued the, the last three hostages two months ago, I immediately thought I mean it's, it's a happy thing.


Each one is, is a universe, it's a life. But I immediately thought, what does it mean for the people still there? Are they being guarded more intensely? Are they being transferred from one place to another? Now I was scared. Maybe they're hurting them more. Maybe they're doing something to them now. Al Goldstein being interviewed by We Naim, the story continues and we hear from other hostages, including one who met the head of Hamas in a tunnel that's in a minute.


Chicago Bubba Radio, when our program continues. This American Life from Ira Glass. Today's show 51 days a year after the Hamas attack on the Israel that started the current war. We're hearing the story of Han Amma Goldstein, who was held hostage with three of her kids for 51 days. And before we get back to her story, I wanted to play you a few clips from some of the other interviews that Lee Naim did with hostages for the Israeli news podcast. Ra Baam one a day, one of the interviews she did gave a glimpse of life in a tunnel that's very different from he's experience. This is somebody who spent her entire time in captivity in the tunnels, 78-year-old named Margo Moses.


And to give you a sense of her personality, her captors at some point started calling her the captain. 'cause in that particular group of hostages, she would be the one to suggest things to the guards. Like don't cook the potatoes in the morning and then serve them to us hours later. Cook them shortly before we eat them and bring them warm, put them on a plate with a bit of salt. People like salt on their potatoes. Marguerite says when she arrived in Gaza, they walked deep into the tunnels. An hour and a half or two hours before they arrived at the rooms underground where she and about 15 people from her kibbutz were held. There were mattresses on the floor and chairs. Oh, Oh. We had an elegant room really.


We had a room that was covered with ceramics, both the floors and the walls, except for the ceiling that was both curved and painted white with lime. The walls were decorated with a beautiful delicate design and high up above there were drawings of tulips with beautiful green leaves. How organized in the prepared did the tunnels? Oh, the tunnels were very, very organized.


I walked around even at night, I didn't have that much to do unless somebody wanted to go to the bathroom and I helped them. Maree was up all night. 'cause she's somebody who needs A-C-P-A-P machine to sleep. She brought one with her, but her captors took it. And then she asked a doctor for another one. She said, he smiled and laughed and said, we don't have those here. So she says she didn't sleep for more than five or 10 minutes at a time for nearly two months. So at night up anyway, she would walk people to the toilet. So I was walking around at night in the tunnels and generally we were only allowed to get to a certain point beyond which they said you can't go.


and I constantly was wondering what is there that they don't let us go there. Do they have some weapons there Or I don't know what. So one night when I saw that they were all asleep, even that person that was supposed to be awake to supposedly watch over us. So I said, I really have to go see what's there. And Then I, I arrive and I see that there was a splitting of a few tunnels. So I picked to see into each one what?


What's there. Here there's this one tunnel hold to the brim with lots of six pack of mineral water. So straight away, one bottle here, one bottle there I slept. You hid them? Yes. And that's how we had mineral water, at least for a few days. She said one tunnel, she looked down, had mattresses, others had electrical wires and water pipes near the room in the tunnel there was a kitchenette with shelves for canned food. And there's a group of hostages that were in a room that was mostly open but had some cages. She said like for prisoners on the side, Morgan.


So it was really organized from their point of view. The tunnels, numbers, each floor a different color. They sometimes had to walk around with notes that explained to them where to turn because the place is huge. Maps? Maps, yes, maps. We reached minus five, sometimes Minus five, five horse down When they were afraid there might be soldiers outside. They called us to come quickly. Quickly. so we went downstairs quickly and then we saw minus five. So just imagine kilometers and kilometers and five floors.


Incredibly. One day, the second day of their captivity, Margo says they had a visit from the man responsible for their kidnapping and the deaths of their loved ones. The head of Hamas himself. I say, I find this to be a completely believable story because nothing dramatic happens in this story at all. Like if you made up a story like this, the head of Hamas would say something fascinating and revealing or she would get off some great line. None of that happens. It just seems like he ordered people to bring back hostages. They did. It's the next day and he wants to see some of them for himself. Here's Margo's account. He entered the room with his entourage.


He asked us, do you know who I am? So I said to him, yes. So he opened his eyes big. He was surprised. I knew his name. And he said, yes, it's true. I'm yes noir. He speaks fluent Hebrew very well. And he said not to be afraid and they will give us anything we need and that we are only there to be bargaining chips for prisoner exchange. How did it feel to hear that from him? Horrifying. The audacity with which he said it with his nose up in the air.


For me it was an unpleasant moment. This arrogance of his humiliates. You and most of us were older people. What is the point of kidnapping all the people and putting them there? So that's Marco Moses, who was released around the same time as Han and her family. I wanna put you some stuff from one other interview before we get back to Han S is 75 years old and from the same kibbutz as Marlee. Her life in captivity was very different from Margolis or Hans for a few reasons.


And one of them is that she speaks Arabic, taught it in middle schools, partly out of an idealistic belief in coexistence, wanting to speak with her neighbors. And so she understood what was being said around her when she was in captivity, understood where she was. October 7th, when she was driven south to the city of Hanes, We arrived at a vegetable sorting warehouse at the eastern outskirt of Hanes. They unloaded us, took from us some jewelry I had from my mother wedding band, my glasses and I begged them to leave the glasses because without them I'm completely losing orientation.


They took it because they claimed that it has a tracking chip in it and they are petrified by chips. Did you try to explain That? That Yes, I tried to explain to them what do I have in common with a chief? Well, they said you used to be a soldier, You said they said that to a 75-year-old woman because there is mandatory military service in Israel. So she served, But when I was a soldier, there was no computer and there were no chips. They explained that every soldier has a chip. and I said, I wish it was true. If it was true, we would know where everybody is in that warehouse.


Somebody stood and did the check-in. He was English speaking person. He asked for first name, last name Id number from where we are. And he also was asking for the phone number of the children. Naturally. I invented a phone numbers Check in Malone. I said, it's like check in into a hotel. Another fact about Ada, she left her home without putting on shoes. Her captors told her, don't put them on. So she spent her entire captivity barefoot, though she was given a pair of socks. In November when it got colder, ADA was held captive with another woman from her kibbutz T's in her fifties, 20 years younger than Ada.


Not somebody she knew well before this, but the fact that there was somebody else to share this with really defined her time as a hostage, made it easier. They put us in the children bedroom. There were two bunk beds. They gave us the lower bed. I had the drawing of angry birds and AV had the drawing of sweet dreams, Angry birds, sweet dreams. How did you pass the time? You and AV Hours and hours of logic games. And we were playing a a crossword puzzle in our heads.


We were talking about our family, every child, grandchild, we got to know each other, eh, family, as if the two of us were sisters. Did you also share your worries? Yes, we were very, very much a partners in our worries, Talk to their guards. One guard spoke some English and Ada of course spoke Arabic book. One of the guards in particular, she says was very loyal to her and he listened to Al Jazeera and tell them what was happening in the news. He said, all the time that I'm treating you as if you were my mother, I felt that there is some respect.


We know that his wife is a midwife at the Naer Hospital in Hanes. He has four kids. He evacuated her and the kids from the home to her, a parent home. Oh, ma. Oh, he really told you about himself. Okay. Yes. He told us a lot. One time while he was telling that, he said, I'm not involved. and I said, what do you mean not involved? And he said, I'm neither Jihad nor Hamas, but I want money. Ah, him, but myself and Mav are at your place in the kids' room.


You took away our freedom, our basic right. And you say that you are not involved. And he said, I want money. I want money for myself and my wife to get visa for us and the kid and fly away from here because there is no future here. Okay, back to Quin and her family. We are at Part. Five moving around. One of the things you realize listening to Quin is just how much of the experience of being a hostage can be just being moved from place to place.


No idea where you are or where you're going, or why. Kreb's daughter Aam worried every time they were moved that this was the time they were gonna be taken somewhere to be killed. When they walk through the streets, they're supposed to keep their eyes down and blend in the captors gave them fake names to use. If anybody tried to talk to them and they would practice the pronunciation of the names with them to be sure they got them right that night, they thought they might die in that supermarket, her and her kids were moved to an apartment above the supermarket till that building started shaking, didn't seem safe, and they moved to a mosque for shelter. And then they headed out on what Henry remembers as a long journey through the streets of Gaza.


Part of it on a donkey cart, Eight of us on a donkey, like on a cart attached to a donkey. And the donkey is stumbling and bombing all around bombings. Yeah. And roads that would end and they would have to ask the locals whether we can pass through or not. And then a donkey would need to make a U-turn. Finally, they reached an apartment, which she says was still under construction, maybe a month and a half into their captivity. Not long before the end. One of the guards takes Klan and her kids outta the apartment and onto the street. Very Long walk in the streets of Gaza.


We're outside and for the first time we, we see the sound down and then we get to a school All around the school where Palestinian civilians who were seeking shelter, inclining, her kids in the disguises apparently looked like just another displaced Palestinian family needing help. People were putting all these sheets and putting together these impromptu tents and, and there's a lot of people there, and they approach the guy from the cell and they offer to house us, to host us. He kept saying that people are offering help because they see, they see family with kids. So they offer to help. Where for the first time after six weeks, we're sitting outside and we're seeing the moon and Ali's telling me, Hey mom, look, This is, This is the moon.


And there was Excitement In the air too, because there was a feeling of like, ceasefire might be coming. Did you believe it? Yeah. It looked like, it looked like, yes, I wished for it. And then I, I look at the sky and I show Tall and I. Tell him, look, which stars are moving and which stars are staying still, because the skies were packed with planes. And then all of a sudden people near the school launched rockets and they were so thrilled with every rocket. They, they launched And I was immediately scared like, maybe now the planes are gonna bomb the school.


Then she says, the guard who was with them, who'd been with them for weeks, said goodbye to clan, wished them a quick return to Israel, told her to take good care of aga and handed her off to the next group of captors. They were told there's no safe place above ground anymore. And got taken down into a tunnel where they met six other hostages. Two kids, four women, two of whom are young Israeli soldiers. They had just finished basic training and a course, and they didn't even start doing their job. Kids, They're like 18 and a half, 19 year olds. Some of them were alone until they got to that tunnel. And some were physically injured alone. Some of them went through a lot.


There Was something really powerful about that week in that tunnel, even though with all the difficulties and even though they seemed to be on edge, we were really there for one another. There was some sort of feminine energy strength in that tunnel. The two kids and Dafna were sisters. Eight and 15. Their dad and his partner were killed on October 7th. And the other women had been taking care of them in Gaza And they were amazing. They showed so much emotional strength also towards the children. The, and that's something I, I couldn't handle To be there for other kids. Yes, I, I couldn't.


But the young women, they were there for them. They were with them even before we arrived. So they were the authority for those girls. They, And I was in awe, truly at how they managed to handle them and be there for them with their physical injuries and with their emotional injuries and still, still try to function to cook whenever possible to be there for each other. I remember one day one of them had this like panic attack and she started hyperventilating and she started going up the stairs and she sat there on the stairs and she was crying her heart out and she was crying and she just like, it's like she couldn't breathe and she wanted a moment to herself because all these togetherness can be really intense too.


And of course we're there for one another. We're helping each other. But it can just be suffocating too. And you, you end up craving your, your privacy and just a moment for yourself and some air and some space. This is where high and her kids spent the week before they're finally released. They were told during that week, it's gonna be soon. They kept saying Friday, oh no, it's gonna be Saturday. Oh no, now it's gonna be Sunday. I Remember thinking to myself, it's not a big deal, like the absurdity of it. It's not a big deal. If I stay here one more day Getting Out, I realize I'm gonna have to face something very difficult that I lost ya.


Her daughter and husband, of course. And the day of our release came, it was a very nerve wracking day. Saying goodbye to the girls was difficult. They were like, who's gonna be released next? Is it gonna be the civilians first? The soldiers I mean? The soldiers kind of understood that it will take a little longer. I mean they didn't realize it's gonna be that long, but they would never imagine they would still be there. But there were two other wound with you. Civilians. Yes, they're wounded, but they they're still there. Yes, they're still there.


It was a difficult farewell also deciding what to say to their parents, what not to say to their parents. They asked us to fight for them. They asked us not to forget them to go to protest, that we speak to their parents that we did immediately. They also told us what to say, And what not to say, but everything was with the assumption that they would be released right after us. That still hasn't happened. They're still there. Leonard family were released as part of a deal negotiated by Qatar, Egypt in the United States where 80 Israelis, mostly women and children, lots of older people were swapped for 240 Palestinians, mostly women and children held in Israeli prisons.


Kline's transfer was broadcast on Israeli tv and the first stages of it looked pretty chaotic actually. There's a random mass of people crowded on some sidewalk cars with hostages. Pull up one after another. Each hostages ushered down this sidewalk past all this confusion to another waiting car. It was frightening. Says We walk A while from the hammas vehicles to the Red Cross vehicles and it, it's all, we're being filmed, it's all stage and it's like their moment of glory. They're wearing their best uniforms. We never saw these uniforms before. and I remember asking myself, how did Israel allow this?


How could Israel allow our transfer to happen in such a public exposed place When tons of people were there, Like We were scared. We were so scared until the end. We already survived this. We're already about to get released and we're still like, they had to make it scary for us all the way to the end. Then the Red Cross vehicles take off in a convoy and drive all the way to the border And then all of a sudden, like magic, we are being moved to our military. And it was very, very moving.


That moment was the saddest happiness of my life. I knew Na wouldn't be there to hug me. I I just wanted someone to be there and I hug me and tell me, that's it. You're you're safe. Now after everything we've gone through Ada hostage, been an Arabic teacher, also talked in her interview about that moment right at the end of captivity when she finally made it out and reached the Israeli military forces. It got to her in a very different way. There Was a group of officers there, there was a white shining tent with everything you could wish for.


I walked in and they took me in and I screamed, where were you on the 7th of October? Not that they deserved it because it was not them, but where the hell were the army on the 7th of October. and I started crying and they caught me the moment I was falling down, and I'm not one of those ERs. It was a very difficult moment. I and her family were filmed on the helicopter that brought them home. Talking to the crew, getting a tour. The cockpit clean says it was hard getting this very respectful treatment not to think about how this was the same military that she and her kids had been so scared of in Gaza for so long during the airstrikes.


These rescuers were in the same army that might have killed them. Did you say anything about it? I Started talking about when I first came back, because when I was in Gaza, I promised myself that I would talk about it, that I would talk about that complexity. But then you come back and they tell you, don't talk about it as much with the media, not with the international media, of course, because it's, it's not a good look. And you see here how hard it is. Like you see people who did a bunch of operations in the military and got to very senior positions and they're not able, it's like they, they can't, they're unable to come and just say, we're sorry.


We're sorry for what you went through on the seventh when you were inside your shelter. We're sorry that we bombed in Gaza when you were there with your kids. Mar Lee Moses, the woman you heard earlier, who was held in the tunnels the entire time, was released two days beforehand. She got invited this summer by Prime Minister in Netanyahu to meet with him and some other release hostages she wrote, this letter is a reply. Hello Mr. Netan. Thank you for the invitation, but I will not participate in a meeting for the sake of photos and public relations.


While my friends are rotting in Hamas tunnels in Gaza with my own eyes. I saw them alive in captivity and now due to their second abundance since October 7th, we are receiving them in coffins. In light of reports that you have sorted yet another deal to release the captives. I see no reason to attend a meeting with somebody who has demonstrated through his actions that the release of the captives is not a priority and who is abandoning them to their death. I would be happy to meet you at the welcoming event for the 109 captives upon their return to their families.


Toda. Thank you Margo. Moses. My program is produced today by Dana Chives, Diane Wu, Yael, Evan, or and me with editing help from Nancy Dyke based on interviews in the Israeli podcast. Ahha BA production of N 12. The staff of Ahha Biam who produce these interviews are Lee Naim, Sheila ael, Tik Ya Baan, and Ga Ibar. Our Hebrew interpreters Were Ya Evan or Amira Jolson and Miriam Kaplan. The people who put together Our show today include Bi atmi, Sean Cole, Michael Comte, Avida Kornfeld, Emmanuel Joce, ley, Hafi, Walt, Valerie Kiis, Henry Larson, Seth Lynn, Catherine Ray, Mondo, stone, Nelson, Ryan Rumery, Alyssa Ship, KJA, A Starky, Lily Sullivan, Christopher Sat, Marisa Robertson Texter, Matt Tierney and Nancy Dyke, our managing editor, Sara Abdurahman, our senior editors, David Kestenbaum.


Our executive editor is Emmanuel Barry. Special thanks to today to Noah Ya Ali, ed Garett and Sam Klein. Also thanks to today to the rest of the staff, Daniel Shahar and Danny Noodleman, our website, This American Life dot org. We can stream our archive of over 800 episodes for absolutely free This American Life is delivered to public radio stations by PRX, the Public Radio Exchange America Glass. Back next week with more stories of This American, Life.