
This message comes from NPR sponsor Capella University with their game changing, FlexPath learning format. Capella empowers You to fit education into your life without putting other priorities on hold. FlexPath, lets You set your own deadlines and adjust them if something comes up. and depending on your schedule, You can take courses at your own speed and move on to the next one. When you're ready, imagine how a flexible program can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu


A quick warning, There are curse words. That are un beeped in today's episode of the show. If You prefer a beeped version, You can find That at our website, This American Life dot org Maybe You saw this video this past week, a veteran meteorologist in Florida, John Morales on live tv talking about the power of hurricane Milton. As it was still approaching the state, He was reading the barometric pressure numbers and It just got to him. He choked up. It has dropped. It has dropped 50 millibars in 10 hours. I apologize.


This is just horrific. He wasn't the only meteorologist who seemed pushed to the limits trying to communicate the scale and intensity of Hurricane Milton. Noah Bergen who's on TV in Orlando declared in a tweet. This is nothing short of astronomical. I'm at a loss for words to meteorologically describe to You the storm's small eye and intensity. This is now the fourth strongest hurricane ever recorded. By pressure on this side of the world, he would've corrected That to the fifth strongest. This hurricane is nearing the mathematical limit of What earth's atmosphere over this ocean. Water can produce reading That. You get the feeling of somebody trying their hardest to summon words.


That would do the job to fully warn people, evacuate, get to safety, fate and circumstance. Put these meteorologists into a situation where they could use the little bit of power they have to try to reward people and hopefully save lives. That kind of thing where somebody has a small amount of power and then something happens, some moment arrives where they really can make a difference and sometimes happens in politics. and when it does, somebody who is not usually in the limelight, somebody who's not a household name can end up with a men's power events shake out. So That random political figures suddenly have the entire weight of a country's future in their hands. Classic example, I. Think of Brad Waffens, perker, secretary of State in Georgia, who famously got a phone call from then President Trump asking him after the last presidential election to find some votes or throw out some votes just to somehow overturn the results in Georgia.


So look, all I wanna do is this I just wanna find 11,700 and 80 votes, which is one more That We have. and flipping the state is a great testament to our country. Ensberg, of course, testament refused Admit to a Mistake. There's another example like That. A couple weeks ago, Nebraska lawmakers were debating whether to switch the way Nebraska gives out its electoral college votes and presidential elections. Nebraska doesn't use the winner take all system That. Most of the states use, which means That. It's possible That. Kamala Harris could win one electoral college vote from Nebraska, which conceivably could decide the coming election.


In fact, That is such a real possibility in this very close election. That Donald Trump personally got on the phone to convince lawmakers to make the change. and in the end, It all condemned to one state senator Mike McDonald, a Republican actually who dug in his heels and said no and ended up, it felt like in every newspaper and news broadcast in the country, this Idea of changing It with, with 42 days. It's like we're in a football game. You call a timeout and say, I wanna switch the value of a field goal from three points to four points. That's just not the the way We do things. That's not the Nebraska way. Some People today in Our show, we have the story of a bunch of people and fascinatingly, unlike these other examples, most of them are not professional politicians.


These are just regular voters who suddenly find themselves in this kind of special political circumstance where they have A Little, Bit of Power to nudge and maybe to decide the election in one of the key battleground states this year and lots of eyes on them. and it's been a ton of suspense these past few months for how it would all play out from WBEZ EZ Chicago. It's This American Life America Glass. Stay with us


Support for This. American Life comes from Squarespace, the All-in-one website platform with features like Squarespace Payments an easier way to collect payments so You can focus on growing your business, turn leads into clients with proposals, estimates and contracts, and simplify your workflow and manage your services business on one platform. Head to Squarespace dot com slash American for 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


This message comes from Carvana. Whether You need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly What You want. Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However, You buy, buy your car with Carvana


Dis American Life these last weeks before the election So, much of the fight for the presidency is coming down to battles for individual slices of voters who can help throw swing states to one of the candidates or the other. So campaigns are targeting college educated suburbanites here, or young male voters There. and there's a particularly dramatic example of this playing out with a huge chunk of voters in Michigan. Michigan's a key state for Kamala Harris to win. She doesn't have many passed to the presidency without It, and Michigan right now is a complete tossup. So back in February, a reliable bunch of democratic voters started to shake loose from the Democratic coalition.


These were Arab American voters and other voters who were upset about President Biden's support for Israel. Right now in the war in Gaza, there's a huge Arab American population in the cities and suburbs around Detroit. Dearborn's the largest city in the country with an Arab American majority. and in February, these Democrats, who by the way, do not want Trump, they see him as even more pro-Israel than Biden. These Democrats wanted to signal their displeasure with the bombings and the deaths of so many Palestinian civilians with us bombs and US support. So back during the Democratic primary, they quickly organized in just a few weeks a campaign to encourage Democrats to not vote for Biden as the nominee, as a kind of protest vote.


they would instead vote Uncommitted. they said they hoped to get 10,000 votes like That. they chose 10,000 'cause that's the number of votes That Donald Trump won Michigan with in 2016, 10,000. they did so much Better than That due their un astonishment. 100,000 people voted on Uncommitted. It's these voters who shook up the Democratic primary. If He doesn't get it together and change What he's doing, we will not vote for him in November overnight. An extremely unusual watch party for voters who cast their ballots, not for a candidate but for Uncommitted. In protest of President Biden's handling of the Israel Hamas war, 100,000 Democratic votes in the primary with so many people That under Democratic party rules.


The party had to give these Uncommitted voters delegates to the Democratic National Convention in Chicago There were two from Michigan and about 30 from other states, one inside the hall. These delegates could try to make deals, try to influence Mideast policy. After all, Kamala Harris needs these voters, particularly in Michigan. Michigan had enough Uncommitted voters arguably to swing it for her or against her. So the question was, What, could they get in exchange for their votes? Ben Terrace, a reporter with the Washington Post and our producer, Zoe Chase, have been following one of the leaders of the Uncommitted movement in Michigan for months. ABAs Aliya, Abbas's Democrat who who's had many jobs working for the party.


He very much wants Harris to win. Ben and Zoe watched him try to broker some deal at the convention and afterwards That would satisfy the Uncommitted voters and deliver them to Harris. It's been hard and really could affect the election results. Here's Ben. We meet up with a boss allay the day before the convention starts. ABAs is someone I've known for years as a reporter. He was chief of staff for Cory Bush, one of the members of the squad. I've met a lot of chiefs over the years covering Capitol Hill and a boss wasn't like any of 'em. He was young, barely 30 years old and he didn't stick to operating in the shadows, commenting off the record and staying out of the spotlight.


He'd be at protests carrying a bullhorn and He was unmissable. Six foot six built like an NFL lineman and He was fine standing out. He also knew how to maneuver behind the scenes and That really did catch my eye. He was a kind of insider outsider type part policy guy, part activist. and I hadn't seen a lot of guys like That before. So I stayed in touch recently. He left Washington and moved back to Michigan where he grew up and There He got swept up into the Uncommitted movement, which is how he ended up here in Chicago for the convention. He's an Uncommitted delegate. Being a delegate, That gets him back inside. Back among the Democratic power brokers, the Black Toyota Highlander, I, think This is us Right now.


A bias standing on a street corner waiting for an Uber to take him to the convention center for a cable TV interview. A bunch of roads are closed for security reasons no one knows which ones city's gridlocked. Abbas is unruffled. When the Uber arrives, He folds himself into the car and starts chatting with the driver. How do You say your name? Is it Ote You are a boss, right? Yes Sir. We're heading to the drop off spot for the convention this week. Abba You are going to Malcolm X College. That's correct. We, they allow us to get closer. There is a question. Well, we're gonna find out together, aren't we?


North Avenue. Where are You from? I'm from Togo. Togo Yeah. My dad lived in Togo. Really? Yeah Abbas has a way of connecting with anyone he's talking to. It's partly why He became the defacto spokesperson for the Uncommitted delegates. But he spent people just like him. Amount time and He seems sincere. What's the capital city? Lme Lme. Yeah He was in Lme. Let me see, he he Is your father a car dealer? He's not a car dealer. He has a brother who is though You You can probably guess. My father's Lebanese I have a lot of Lebanese friends. So when I saw the name my bus I say I'm going for Lebanese.


There's a lot of Lebanese I mean in West Africa in general. All of them sell cars. ABA is Lebanese. He lived There till he was six and he still got a lot of family. That lives in southern Lebanon on Israel's border. When he was 15, he was visiting his grandmother. When war broke out with Israel in 2006, he was forced to spend days sheltering in a basement while Israeli bombs were falling all around him. Some of them made in the us he was scared for his life. and he talks about it a lot. He says This is What activated him politically. It made him want to get inside the US government to make some kind of change That way. Hey, Abba is a Lebanese. His wish is my wish.


I, appreciate That my brother. We jump outta the car and escort from M-S-N-B-C meets us at the back of an hour's long line of journalists and other attendees. We get to skip to the front and we're hustled into the convention center so a boss can make his TV appearance. The arena is bumping. There's music blasting and delegates practicing the roll call vote. A big part of why he's here is to talk to the press. It's a way to put pressure on the Harris campaign. Their TV studios set up all over the place. We, watch him talk to PBS and M-S-N-B-C, That, Uncommitted Voters and Uncommitted.


Delegates like me want to support Vice President Harris, but need her to support a policy. That stops sending weapons to the Israeli military. That is using them. That is using those weapons to kill people. We love to kill certain. ABBA tells us This is their ultimate goal. A policy change. But There are other ways the Harris team could respond to them. We're actually not asking her to adopt s full policy That like every single one of my cousins would want her to adopt, which is a full arms embargo. But we need her to move in our direction. You know and so like if, if she wants part our full arms embargo. Okay, great. What is your idea. Like we need to hear it. One thing he absolutely needs at this convention to show That his voters are being listened to and taken seriously by the campaign is a speaker.


The convention is mostly about speakers, symbols of who the party is speaking to, who the party cares about. The Palestinian speaker on the main stage would be their chance for someone who can represent their perspective. There are a lot of delegates here who do not want this to happen. Some of them probably agree with a boss about the war in Israel, but the feeling is right now you're bringing this up. This convention is an advertisement. Don't have a speaker saying Biden and Harris are doing something wrong. This is an event all about. Look at how joyful and united we are. Even as ABA sitting down for his M S NBC interview, someone who really doesn't see things his way is just leaving the set. Former Republican Congressman Joe Walsh, he's wearing an Israel pen.


We grab him Second. Actually we've been falling around. This guy AVAs over here who's an Uncommitted Delegate. This guy. Yep, He is You know Uncommitted. They're, they're focusing on Gaza and Gaza and and trying to get a ceasefire and an arms embargo. I see You have the Israel pin. How do You feel about kind of delegates? That are on the fence about Harris right now over this issue. My response always is I'm a tea party former Republican who's all on board with Kamala Harris. If I can do That, anybody focused on an issue they care about can get on board with the 'cause. Trump needs to be defeated. That's it. Yeah, Do You feel like It could be a problem for Democrats? Yes. In What, Absolutely.


That issue. The Israel, Israel issue divides the Democratic coalition. I say That as a former Republican, we're solidly behind Israel for a lot of different reasons, but this splits the coalition and I think it's gonna be a real big problem for them. Could You then try to make the case to them? Look, I'm the Tea Party Republican and I'm gonna be voting for Kamala Harris anyway. Maybe We can just follow this One. Yes, because if Kamala Harris came out tomorrow and said, we need to end What Israel. Stop I. Well I, if I'm president, I'm not going give You any more bombs. We gotta stop it. I'd be as pissed as You can imagine. But I'm still voting for Kamala Harris. No matter What, come on.


If I can do That By the second day of the convention Tuesday, it's become clear. That Uncommitted isn't gonna get much on policy from the Democrats, but What they still might get is a speaker and So there, push on it hard. Abba is asked about it all the time. He's constantly on his phone calling people, trying to make it happen. Talking to Congress members, people on the Harris campaign, high ranking DNC officials. William for my friend, how are You Just checking in on the Palestinian American speaker request. 'cause we've got a press availability at six o'clock and t know there's gonna be a ton of reporters who asked me about It and I wanna be able to say yes. So, but I I, we don't have a yes yet. So I, I, I thought I'd check in, Say yes, Okay.


Well I mean I'll. I'll say That. Yeah I. I mean That's What. I've been saying Honestly, I'm saying We haven't, we don't have a yet. But We don't have a known and we remain hopeful. So I'll I'll keep saying That. Okay. Great. Oh, I. It. It is There. Any indication of like who specifically You know, like there's an openness to That's the problem. You said that is Okay. I mean. Can is is There a way we can like meet while at the convention center and like go through some options? 'cause We can help with That. The call wraps up without more to it. I think they, they haven't settled on a name Yeah, which is not a bad thing.


I mean we can help them. Like We, we know plenty of Palestinian You sounded was little discouraged in your voice. So, and we have such stellar leaders, like within the Arab American community and within the Palestinian American community, That You know, like I don't, I don't want to feel like, like they have a problem with all of us. You know What, I mean, and then it then That. That's certainly not What. They're saying like You know. If they say no, it, it could be evidence. That, That That might be because, but I I really don't think That like That folks we're talking to That, That, That.


That's how they feel. Abbas is always balancing two very different worlds through his phone. The first is insider world. He has lots of contacts inside the DNC. He's heard That. They're close to getting What he wants, but they can't get to. Yes. The other kind of call he is getting is from friends and family. People in Michigan wanting t know how are You, how is it, are You gonna get us something family Back in Lebanon, call lot two. This was back in August when Lebanese militants from Hezbollah and Israel had been trading rocket fire across the border for months. At one point, a boss hears from his aunt who sleeps with slippers under her pillow every night just in case she had just fled home in southern Lebanon and gone north.


And so Yeah I, guess You know. Last night I got news from my Aunt That. She couldn't stand the bombing around her anymore. That There was a particular bombing. That happened. Airstrike, That happened. That was, That felt too close. She'll say like, You know I I. I'm such a scaredy cat. I couldn't take it anymore. I just You know You You know, just like, but, but, but, but then You know she turned serious when she was telling me about how my dad was telling her, That I, I'm going on TV and trying to get them to stop the bombings. and, and she expressed concern for my safety. She said, is it safe for You to talk about these things?


I said, oh, don't worry. they You know I'm an American. I'm allowed to say whatever I want here. So his family, they're watching him on the news. Oh, they're talking about him in the group chat. You know. They're telling him What. they think of his tactics and his demands and they're also telling him how scared they are. He's holding all these things in his head, which he says can be dizzying. He know is just getting a speaker at the DNC. Doesn't change anything for his family, of course, but he believes it would be a powerful symbol. That There is a political party in America. That sees them, that's listening to them By midweek. Uncommitted is trying to make the request for a speaker as acceptable as possible.


They'd initially asked for two speakers on the stage, one Uncommitted supporter and a doctor who treated patients in Gaza. But now they simplified That to one speaker. How about just any Palestinian? and they suggest a few Palestinian American elected Democrats and they prepare their speeches to be vetted. Still nothing. Finally, it's Wednesday night. One more day left at the convention. they still haven't heard Yes. and they still haven't heard no Minnesota. so we need to yet another press conference. Outside the arena Is There room for Palestinian Americans in this party. Is There room for Palestinian human rights in this party? I? Sure. Hope I. Sure hope That. The answer is yes.


And with That, June wrote all the Uncommitted delegates head inside because it's the speech they want to see the parents of an Israeli hostage kidnapped by Hamas take the stage. The Uncommitted delegates tell me it's important to them to be here for this. they think the war is a tragedy. they wanna honor the Israeli victims during their moment and Yeah. they also wanna signal solidarity. The parents walk out holding hands. The father is stooped like he's got a weight on him. The feeling in the room is like heart and mouth. This is really different from most of the speakers so far, or basically hype men. The audience breaks into this chant, bring, Bring men.


Bring men in. Bring at this moment, 100 and nine. Treasured human beings are being held hostage by Hamas in Gaza. Cameras swivel, not to the crowd, but directly up at a box. They're snapping pictures of him watching. I'm standing next to him in the corner of the arena with the rest of the Michigan delegates. Remember, he's six six. He's so tall with his kafi. Everyone is standing. He of course is standing. For some reason. they really want to capture his reaction. If he has any to the parents.


Watching him, watching them, his face is expressionless. But wet tears, tears all over the room. As far as I can tell, at the time the parents were speaking, There was good reason to assume their son. Hirsch was still alive. His death was announced. Almost a week after the convention, one part of the speech in particular will hit a boss. Hard t know it. There is a surplus of agony on all sides of the tragic conflict in the Middle East and a competition of pain. There are no winners In our Jewish Tradition.


We say every person is an entire universe. We must save all these universes In an Inflamed Middle East, we know the one thing That can most immediately release pressure and bring calm to the entire region. A deal. That brings this diverse group of 100 and nine hostages home and ends the suffering of the innocent civilians in Gaza.


The parents leave the stage followed by an inexplicable choice of music, Music. and just then Abbas kind of tears out of the convention hall as best You can through incredibly crowded, narrow stairs. Just makes a break for it. I see him stop just outside the arena. He's in this one weird, quiet space just before the hallway outside. He's alone, which He never is. He covers his face and sobs hard into the wall. Then he's basically running out through the doors of the venue, through throngs of people outside trying to talk to him.


and he's rushing past them. I, see, we're headed to the security gate. We go through the security gate and we're on the street. He doesn't look ready to talk, but I have to say something. I just gotta ask You, why was That so hard? T know. Maybe I can collect myself and we could talk about it later. But What I was thinking about during the speech was You know in our tradition, it's essentially if You harm or kill any one person, it's like you've harmed or killed all of humanity.


and that's What they spoke about from the stage. You know about every person being the universe and the Jewish tradition. and I believe That. I believe That with all my heart. that is Yeah. Exactly. Thank You. Sorry, don. Just, I'm feeling really helpless. I'm feeling, I'm feeling hopeless. I'm feeling like Thank You so much. Of course, of course. We need to hear from these parents And What about What, about the Palestinians. What about the over 40 thousands who've been killed, who've been obliterate the 40,000 universes. There's an act of suppression of a a giant part of this story.


I feel. I felt I can only imagine What. they must have been feeling it must have been very lonely up There and I felt very lonely in That arena. I gotta goza I. Think at That moment. Abbas knew That was all That was gonna be said on the stage about the war in Gaza from the people directly affected by the war I head back to the convention hall. I. See a bunch of other Uncommitted delegates outside.


They're from all over Hawaii, Washington state, Rhode Island, summer Arab American, but not all. they got a text to come out and meet. There's a weird empty feeling. Nobody's talking much. It seems like they're all just waiting for a boss to come back. There's a physical energy shift out here, a loss of power, a loss of relevance kind of in the air, like the opposite of an adrenaline surge. A lonely exhale when the doors close behind You. But just then speaking of adrenaline, Abbas rushes back into the scene looking very intense. He grabs me by the arm and pulls me into a bus shelter that's right in front of the arena.


So That, I'll be able to hear him. and he's speaking in this uncharacteristically quiet, angry way. I'm an insider Okay people. I'm making this ask of are people t know personally, I've looked them in the face and I've made a very reasonable ask for us not to be suppressed. If you're not gonna agree with us on policy, at least, at least don't suppress our voices. Okay, I think I've made a very reasonable ask. and they called and said, the answer is no. Point blank. The answer is no. they didn't say anything else. I said, I said. I said, why? All That stuff they said. they said I was just told to tell You.


The answer is no. and so I have no options left through the, through the, through the, the, the, the the way That I I am told This is the way to make your voice heard. You You engage the system. So that's What. I gotta do. I gotta step into my power as a regular everyday person. I have no idea. What That means, and then a boss turns and strides away. Like if he were wearing a cape, it would've swirled behind his body. My co reporter Ben is out here of course, and He comes over to me. I just talked to W Ed. He says, one of the leaders and the unofficial press guy for the Uncommitted. Waleed just told me, That people have been calling a boss to tell him to not say What.


He's about to say right now Okay, but He won't be talked down. Okay got It. So whatever He is about to say, he's been told not to say Okay. Then a boss calls people over for a press conference. All let's get started. Okay. There's a huge massive press, like five different mics. It scenes from democracy now alone. He asked for a moment of silence for all the lives. That have been lost in the gospel War moment of silence. He recaps the ask for the Palestinian speaker, recaps the note, and I can Count in There. and then He sits down on the sidewalk and whips out his phone in front of all the reporters. and He calls a d and c official. He's been talking to I. Gotta make a Hey Roger, how are You? We're at a press conference right outside Okay.


We tried everything. We can Okay. We're just asking to be heard. We're asking for our voices not to be suppressed. and I I, Roger You. know don. I'm someone who works within the system. Okay and the vice president's decision to suppress us is unacceptable. and so I've run out of options from my position as a delegate. and so I'm leaning into my power as a regular everyday person. and I'm sitting here and I'm not going anywhere, Roger, I'm not going anywhere. You all You all need to change your mind. I hope. You change your mind. Call me if You change your mind. Yeah call me if You, change your mind. Roger, thank You. Thank You. Please pass it along. Te tell the vice President That, I'm, I'm sitting outside. I'm not going anywhere. I hope she changes her mind. Thank thank You Okay. I'm going to be sitting down right here.


I'm not going anywhere. If any of my, if any of my Uncommitted delegate siblings choose to sit down with me. Please say your name. Say who You are, and feel free to take a seat. and also, ABA had pulled his whole community into this effort. He drew tremendous attention to the Democratic party's lack of interest and What mattered most to them. Now he's drawing attention to a tremendous failure. Is it his own the Democratic Party? Either way, it's gotta be crushing. What Follows is a long night inside the convention center.


Oprah speaks, Tim Wall speaks. The whole thing is being broadcast on a big screen. That hangs on the United Center wall just behind the sit-in the screen keeps showing images of the crowd dancing and laughing and giving standing ovations. But the press has noticed the sit-in. and so did the Harris campaign At one point will lead the Uncommitted Press. Guy comes over to us and says, can I tell You something? Tell You all something Yeah. Let's go over here. Every one of the DNC senior staff is standing right There and are trying to make a deal. and the deal is not, none of the deals have, none of the proposals have anything to do with a speaker or policy change.


We lead motions at one of those outdoor bus shelters. and sure enough, there's a clutch of people, two women, three men on their phones looking in our direction. One of them was hitting a vape, like a steam engine locomotive. It was pretty funny actually watching them on their phone with people who were like a hundred feet away. What, do they have What kind of Deals? Are they, they're, they're like don meeting with a campaign manager. don meeting with this person. don meeting with That person. What About a meeting with Harris. Would That be Enough? Not happening. they said You know they do. they, so we said it's gonna be a speaker. they said no. and and have they said Why at all? Nope. they, they said, how can we get this to end? and I said, well, they, he wants a speaker.


and then they said What else. and I was like an arms and bar. and they werere like, well that's not gonna happen. and and so I was like a speaker and I'm like, I. Exactly. That's why we're asking for speaker. We've tried to make it easy. and, and So there asked, what's, what's your plan after Thursday after the convention's over? and I was like, I was like, well, I think we're, he's betting That. You guys will be be so embarrassed, That, he'll give a speaker. and and they were like, well, I mean, the other thing was like, they were like, well, she can't give in on the last day of her. they can, she can't let the last day of the convention be That. She's been bullied by young activists and ab Arab Americans. and I was like, That was your decision to Wait until the very last minute. So they like to talk this through I mean we are don don't t know they found themselves in this position.


So Yeah Can You picture how it ends at this point Are You. Think as curious As us I think. I think we're gonna get a speaker. I think You can find us. Palestinian American who is palatable for the Democratic party. I mean this was also like I told You this. But like several people called me and him to tell us not Allies who've been standing with us told us not to do this. And they say Why? Yeah That. they thought it made us look fringe and small and Yeah, Fringe and small, not like organizers who could turn out a hundred thousand votes in a swing state.


We've reached out to the Harris campaign about why they didn't agree to a speaker. they declined to do an interview. Usually when they talk about this issue, all they'll say is That. They're working around the clock on a ceasefire. But they were clearly doing some political calculations on this question around a speaker. My best guess they worry. That agreeing to a speaker would risk controversy and turn off as many voters as it might appease, including Republicans. they hope to win over. Also. they might not feel like they need an endorsement from Uncommitted. they feel like they'll be able to pick up a bunch of their voters anyway. and they might be right about all That.


The sit-in goes all night without too much drama. they keep sitting the next day in the August heat. It's tiring. they look was little defeated at times. They're getting a lot of press attention though, which is a small win for them. Yeah, No, our, our movie In the evening, they give one last press conference. they end the sit-in and they head back inside the convention, Don me singing out nice and loud. Y'all ready to down and party. and Why are You crying?


It's not in the mood to party. The party is winding down. Kamala Harris speaks, and then the convention is over. We Head outside while people are streaming out of the United Center, they're carrying giant signs. That say Kamala. and they're popping balloons on the street. A boss has barely slipped in days, but he's still standing. He's in a bind at this point. He came here with leverage sent by a voting block in a swing state. He said they could be convinced to turn out for Harris if the Harris campaign gave them something in return. But What did. they give them no policy change, no speaker. There's a big risk That. These voters could be left even angrier or more hurt or more unheard than they were before.


Thank You, You, You don't even know. And amidst the celebrating from the DNC faithful, a number of people come up to a boss, many of them wearing kafis, which have emerged as a sort of visual symbol in support of a ceasefire. To thank him, to embrace, to tell him to keep up the fight. and then a woman dressed in all white comes up up a boss tells us she's a friend Hanging on You. Good. Yeah. I'm good. She's Arab American, a friend from Capitol Hill and she didn't want us to use her name. She's an aide to a Democratic member of Congress. I have was little bit more hope. Okay, let's build on It. She's tired. Yeah Of like not having hope. Yeah What scares me is What if this movement doesn't move them.


and if we, if we don't, if we don't succeed Trump, he's Going, they destroy. they have so know they they have so offended our people. they have so know, so offended. Our people are people being people for whom Gaza has a top policy issue. know they have so offended them, That. The, in my opinion, the people who we're inspiring and we're we're animating and we're motivating are so pissed off. Are so pissed off by 16,000 children dead and not have That mentioned from from the stage. That. This is like, they're like I don't want anything to do with any of this. I don't want I, don't even want to vote a Bus. We don't want That a boss. We don't want That. We can't have people think That people have to come up. You gotta give 'em something to vote for.


I'm sorry. We know What t know vote for We, we staying inside is like, and t know and t know with Trump. He's gonna fuck us over. There's no Palestinian anymore. This is true. The entire Middle East is is done. We're done. Yes. Create this movement. Create like this platform for us. Give us this national recognition of platform, which this has done. But We can't, we can't have people not go out and vote. There needs to be a but What, I'm telling You is unless we ha unless we intervene, those people aren't gonna go out and vote right now. If the election was tomorrow, they to be, they don't, they they're not convinced That Trump is gonna be different on this Issue. No, but he will be T know, t know That, but He Will be t know That. So, but this movement has a responsibility to make sure our people know Don.


We Can't Trump. So don, I'm a million percent with You. But if We can't, if our people can't get What we want, and we're used to That, we still have to go out and vote and we try again next election cycle. We, keep trying, but We can't have Trump win. and You gotta make sure You, You love this. You've love this amazing, beautiful movement. You created this. I'm doing everything. That I Can t know. t know had t know And and That includes necessarily like having the tough conversations about Trump. I mean You, You come, come, come, come spend some time with me in Michigan and hear about how people talk. How people are talking about Trump. I want to but t Know now a boss has to go home to Michigan Dearborn and have the hard conversations.


He wants Harris to win. He convinced a lot of people to vote. Uncommitted. So there could nudge her position on Gaza and Israel. they didn't succeed at That. How can He possibly get them to vote for Harris when he is coming back empty handed Zoe Chase and Ben Terrace We go to Michigan in a minute. Chicago Public radio when our program continues, it This This American Life AM Ira Glass. Today's show, A Little Bit of Power, Ben Terrace and Zoe Chase now continue their story about Abba Ahe and his B of Uncommitted voters.


they pick up the story Three weeks after the Democratic National Convention. It's now mid-September ABA and other and committed leaders organize a community meeting in Michigan. Remember, ABA helped convince a hundred thousand Michigan voters to check the box for Uncommitted in the primary. Now if they don't flip back and vote democratic, it could really determine the results in Michigan. and without Michigan, Harris could really lose That. little bit of power it felt like they had back in February has not gotten them an arms embargo, a ceasefire, any suggestion of a policy change from Kamala Harris or even a speaker on the stage of the Democratic National Convention, still a boss and the Uncommitted leadership needs to deliver some kind of guidance about What to do to these same voters.


So we're in Dearborn where this movement began in the first place. Many people here have family in the Middle East and lots like a boss in Lebanon, which has been bombed and invaded by Israeli ground forces. The day we arrive is just before That. It's the day a bunch of pagers exploded all over Lebanon and an Israeli attack. That killed dozens of people and injured thousands. Abbas's phone is flooded with messages from his family in Lebanon who are really frightened. Even people in Dearborn seem freaked out by their phones. A boss has this dread hanging over him of what's to come Before the meeting. We meet a boss at the coffee shop in town. He calls the office. He's scrolling through his laptop through the statement he's gonna read.


Are You nervous at all going into tonight? I. I didn't think I was, and then I felt like I was gonna throw up earlier. and don don't t know if It was related to this, but It might have been I. Think it might have been. This is a tough crowd he's about to face. It's a bunch of people who are gonna render a verdict on What. He's been doing and he's balancing a lot at once. He does still want people to vote for Harris, but Uncommitted promised they wouldn't mobilize. Get out the vote operations for Harris without getting something from the campaign.


Later That evening, a boss joins Uncommitted voters and organizers at this huge Islamic community center in town. It's got tiled floors, it's very echoey. Chairs are set up in rows facing a panel of speakers. It definitely does not have a cozy vibe. It does not feel like it's set up for a discussion. Maybe 50 people show up. They're primarily older, a men from the area we're, and It feels a bit like a meeting of the dads. and the organizers sit at a long, long table with microphones and talk for a while about What they have accomplished and how they got here. and finally they talk about what's next. A boss delivers Uncommitted official word. At this time, our movement number one cannot endorse Vice President Harris.


We're, we've been very clear. That the That, the word endorse is a very specific thing. It means Our organization, That did 1.5 million voter contacts. That proactively reached out to people and told them to vote Uncommitted we had said very clearly publicly, publicly to our community and to the vice president. To the vice president's team. If You change your policy, we will endorse and endorsing means we'll get out the vote for Vice President Harris. Her her campaign made It impossible for us to endorse. Now That might mean That. Some of us still vote for Kamala Harris. Some of us vote against her. Some of us might not vote at the top of the ticket. and that's the conversation we want to invite. But an endorsement would mean us mobilizing. Number two, we oppose a Donald Trump presidency whose agenda includes plans to accelerate the killing in Za while intensifying the suppression of anti-war organizing.


and number three, We are not recommending a third party vote in the presidential election, especially as a third party vote in key swing states like Michigan could help inadvertently deliver a Trump presidency given our country's broken electoral college system. Okay. So, so that's, that's, that's What the statement says. and I I wanted to make sure That You all hear it. and I want, huh? and I and I and I want The feeling in the room is people are confused. This muddled statement, which does not endorse Harris, but seems to be telling them to vote for her anyway. and definitely do not vote for Trump or third party.


When it's finally time for questions, many hands go up. An early question is about strategy. Are We throwing away the power of our voting block by not recommending one person for us all to vote for? So now how are You going count our vote. The second thing is, why don't we t know the third party is not viable, but isn't It Better than we put our vote There. so we can count on the percentage. At least we can say That, 1%, 2%, 3%. especially since our community in Michigan, ABAs is pretty mad about the way the Green Party has been talking to voters in this part of the state.


Yeah. and he jumps in I I I I wanted to take a moment specifically to address the third party question. 'cause t know it's, it's a, it's a, it's a question That folks might have. My concern is with any candidate, That comes to our community and says things like I have a shot at winning. and if You vote for Trump or for Harris, You endorse the genocide. and the only way not to endorse the genocide is to vote for me. I am very concerned about That. They Get asked about a third party over and over again. Jill Stein, the Green Party. She says, no more war. We're gonna stop Israel. and she's been making a real play in this area, Southern Michigan committing to no more war specifically.


and another thing people are asking, Democrats need to learn to listen to us. How else will they listen if we don't withhold our vote from them? Some people at the meeting are sick of listening to a boss altogether. And I'm voting my conscience as a physician, which means no genocide. And I'm voting my conscience as a physician, which means no genocide. He says, We as a community see That don Uncommitted now itself doesn't t know What it is doing. If You by next week, don't come up with a clear as no Jun site. they You don't represent us. Please dissolve and going forward.


You do not represent us. You represent your interest. You individuals and That is my call. Call dead party. and We know Tom is terrible. We're not stupid, but He will stop the inside. He might do worse things, but He will stop the inside. Thank You. Thank You so much. We're re going. We're gonna do one more comment over here. The meeting ends pretty abruptly, but no one leaves. People say, trying to talk to a boss and the other organizers, they have a lot of feedback. Remember, most of these guys voted on Uncommitted in the primary. Some of them volunteered, organized phone banked. Like this guy am mean Hashmi, who's one of many swarming a boss. After the meeting is over, he's considering voting for Trump.


I've been praying for the last two months and I'm gonna pray more. Make sure in three weeks I'm telling You Trump will change his position. I'm guarantee You because he's changing already. He remember in second debate, He, he said Arab's also dying. Yeah Yeah Yeah. that is I saw. He was trying to speak to us. But What. Right? But, but, but we have What. Trump says we can't believe What. Trump says Yeah. But, but, but come up I mean Democrats also do the same thing. True, true. Let's See. What He. If He comes up openly and say something instead of private, let's see if he does That. If he does That, I would vote for Trump. Man. I I wouldn't recommend it. I think he's a bad guy. But What else do You have I mean they have not changed the position. Neither have not moved. It's It's gonna be one or the other. and under Trump it would be a lot worse in my opinion.


Right, right. But how would You change the Kamala I mean not done 10 months, didn't do anything right? What What study. Do You have left I? Think our You Have only four weeks left Yeah And here's What I. No, I'm not hoping I'm organizing know Okay know because here's t know. Here's here's What, here's What we've been doing in the meantime. But Whatever happened with D nnc, it's a shame for us, man. I Mean telling You No, but What, I'm telling You and Mean I. I felt bad for You sitting outside like a, like a, like a enc camping outside. I mean This is nonsense. It doesn't look good. and it's already showing their neck to neck right now. Right? Yeah? All the poles are showing it's back and forth, it swinging, right? Three or four states. So it's already There. Why? She's not feeling the pain. Why she, she doesn't want White House.


What. What is her strategy. Who's, who's telling her behind That? No, it's, it's Okay. You can live without Muslims or Arab boats. Let's keep the conversation. Thank You. Great to see You. ABAs knows pretty much everyone in this room and some for sure are offering their support. Like, nice job I. Get the feeling. That. Most of these guys though are thinking like this voter Rafat. Dika. He's Lebanese lived in Dearborn for 40 years now, and he's not convinced I am voting third party. I'm not part of third party. I'm not the green. But, but I mean Democrat. But if I wanna vote my crashes this time without political calculations, I mean I don't mean to say the most obvious thing.


I just wanna know What You. Think like Michigan went to Trump 2016 by 10,000 votes. If You vote third party, you're not voting for Harris. So you're taking a vote away from Harris. That's Their problem. Not mine As a boss. Heads for the door, people are still coming up to him, making the case for voting. Third party, One Uncommitted leader, I talked to worried That. Maybe this whole thing had backfired. That by making It so visible, That, the Democrats weren't listening by asking so publicly for a speaker and then not getting it.


they lost more votes for Harris. Like, who's gonna support a party? That humiliated us like That. I asked a boss about this. and so it's arguable That. Maybe people got more turned off by the Democratic party because of That whole thing. and do You think about That. and how do You, how do You think about it? Yeah, I. I do think about it. and I think that's why the Democratic Party shouldn't continue engaging in this kind of discrimination. But You don't think That It turned It possibly turned off more voters. I mean I. I, I think it's possible. That It turned off more voters. That's why the Democratic Party shouldn't have made That decision.


But It never makes You question your tactics. I didn't make That decision. Zoe I You know I I don't think they should have done it. I. I can't. I can't it? It I for me as a a as someone who experienced the discrimination. don don't think it's appropriate for me to be asked and for our, for our group to be asked. But don't You think That You shouldn't have put your, the person who discriminated the group That discriminated against You in a position to discriminate against You. I. Don't think that's a fair thing to ask of us. Abbas had hope. That the Uncommitted movement would be out now making calls, knocking on doors, mobilizing people like they did in the primary.


But for Harris this time, that's not happening. He figures, the best thing he can do with the time left is talk to people person by person in his life to convince people not to vote for Trump or for a third party. One of those people is his own dad. He was at That community meeting and still isn't sure how he's gonna vote. We meet up with his dad at his warehouse in town. What's up him? He is in sales. Not car sales though. A boss was trying to convince him. It's two options. One of them is gonna be president, so we have to vote against Trump and for Harris. Like that's, that's how I feel about It. But do, do You think That resonates? Do You think people are going to understand That? No.


Bob, even me. Huh? You know. and how much I love You. Huh? You know. and even if You want blood, huh? I will give You my blood, but huh? For this one I'm not convinced to, to give her my voice. I'm not convinced. But You think if she moves before November 5th, You mind. If she gives, we will give. But if she wants only to take her We are not gonna give. That's It. You. Stand with my people. I will give You my vote. You stand against my people. You are not gonna see my vote. Hmm. That's it. Easy and Well, we'll keep talking. Bob. Okay You know Abbas is one of our leaders.


That, we are so proud of him. Huh? and not as a dad, huh? But as a community and Huh? Because we are proud, proud of him. We don't want him to fall in in a, in a hole, huh? In losing his principles. Yeah, Yeah. Do You think do You Think me voting for Harris means I'm losing my principles For, for right now. I'm not happy with That. Huh? That's What. I want to say? Conversations like That have only gotten harder to have. The war in Lebanon has escalated. It all feels very close to home in Dearborn.


AVAs was recently at the funeral of a friend's father who was killed in Lebanon. Honestly every day feels like a funeral. Some people told us people are so upset and so consumed by what's happening overseas. It really doesn't feel like a time to have these difficult conversations about the presidential election. Still the polls in Michigan continue to be incredibly close. The Harris campaign has made some attempts to reach out to Arab and Muslim voters. Recently, VP Domini Tim Walls met with a Muslim political organization, which endorsed Harris, a group of 25 Imams. Through their support behind Harris saying in an open letter That, she represents, quote, the best option for ending the bloodshed and Gaza.


and now Lebanon One Uncommitted organizer told us, listen, it's just too late to change minds. People she's talking to are sure they will not be supporting Kamala Harris. Harris no matter What. She does. Abbas was not impressed by those gestures from the Harris campaign. He said That is an insular limited and woefully inadequate approach. That does not do much of anything to persuade people. Ben Terrace with Zoe Chase. Zoe's a producer on Our show.


Ben is a political reporter for the Washington Post and the author of the book, the Big Break, the Gambler's Party Animals and True believers Trying to win Washington while America loses its Mind On the rise. Lets move This. A Dream. That never was The prayer he disregard and Stones I. Another change under my head, don.


don Re going, trying To give was little to step out in the cold, but doesn't kill You. Makes You Stronger. You got to take a in and moves are getting woke. Keep Pushing. Just lay it Over. and Well Bergs produced today by Lily Sullivan. The people who put together today's show include J Bonds, Sean Cole, Michael Comte, Valerie Kipnis, Henry Larson, Tobin Lo, captain Ray, Mondo, stone, Nelson, Nadia, Raymond, Ryan, Ruy, Ike Re, KRA, VAR Chesky, Francis Swanson, Christopher Al, Matt Tierney, Nancy Updyke, Julie Whitaker, and Diane Wu.


Our managing editor, Saara Abdurahman, our senior editors, David Kestenbaum, our executive editors, Emmanuel Barry. Special thanks today to Asman Mohammed, ed l don Abbas, Elhaj Ahmed, Saul Levin, Jeremiah Ellison, Bernie Porn. Remember Hammed, Bilal Beon, Jordan Acker, the Washington Post style section and the post reports podcast. Our website, This American Life dot org, where You can stream our archive of over 800 episodes for absolutely free This American Life is delivered of public radio stations by P Rx. The Public radio Exchange Thanks is always to our program's. Co-founder Mr. Tory Malatia, he got a Rolex the other day. All He does now is party with his new Rolex friends Overnight.


An extremely unusual watch Party America Glass back next week with more stories of This American Life. Next week on the podcast of This American Life. This is A case of Henry D Number C zero Parole board Hearings are this weird backwater of the judicial system.


Doesn't get a lot of scrutiny next week. We listen in as board members discuss one case we see people get persuaded as they try to adjudicate these very squishy, nearly impossible questions. Like when is a person rehabilitated? What is justice. That's next week on the podcast for your local public radio station.