
This message comes from Progressive and it's name your price tool. Say how much you want to pay for car insurance and they'll show coverage options within your budget. Visit progressive.com, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law. Hey there, it's Tyra with a quick message before the podcast starts. Maybe you heard the go announcement episode that we dropped into the feed a few days ago, but if not, I just wanna say here, we just launched a new subscription version of Our show and we did that. Like I explained in that episode, because the podcast industry has changed in ways that have affected everybody's ad revenue, we're making a third less from advertising this year than we have in recent years, and so we needed to replace that money and we wanted to do it in a way that could also be kind of nice for our listeners.


And so we launched this premium subscription version of the show that we're calling This American, Life Partners, and the idea is that if you subscribe, you get an ad free version of the show, you get exclusive bonus content stuff that we're gonna put out regularly only for subscribers, and you get a brand new greatest hits archive. Then basically what we do with This is I handpicked over 250 favorite episodes and those will appear right in your podcast app like just below the new episodes. But mainly, of course, when we're asking you to subscribe, the thing that we're asking you to do is to just join us in making the show. I really think that This is the future of the show, is making it with listeners.


Okay? The very last thing I'm gonna say is it would really help us to sign up as many people as we can right at the launch, and so to encourage that we are offering a discount price on the subscription, but we're only offering this for just one week. Okay, so if this seems like the kind of thing that you might want to be part of and try out, I really would encourage you to do it right now. It's better for us to sign up people with the launch and it's better for you because you get a cheaper price. So go do This American Life dot org slash life partners. That link is also in the show notes of this episode and if you happen to listen on Apple podcast, you can sign up right in the app on Our show page.


Thank you to the thousands of people who have already signed up since Wednesday when we launched. That really got to us here. Alright, I'm gonna stop there. Here is this week's episode from WBEZ EZ Chicago This. American, Life. I'm out glass, so This is gonna be one of those shows where I'm just gonna say a few things here and then get out of the way. It's based on a single kind of remarkable recording. Everything that happens all over the country, but you never really get to hear it. It's a parole hearing in Illinois, 13 people in a small room having to decide should a man be from prison. This fact surprised me.


Parole hearings, the system where somebody with a long sentence comes before somebody and gets a chance to get out. That's been abolished in about a third of all the states. Most other states have limited it in various ways. The reasons for that. People in prison and their advocates said it was really subjective, racially biased, unfair. There was no way to appeal the decisions said too few people were being set free conservatives meanwhile found it too lenient. They said Too many people were being set free, so very few people get outta prison thanks to a parole board hearing, determining if it's time for their incarceration to end, but right now there is a lot of talk about expanding the use of parole boards, making more people eligible.


There's a bill in New York State Assembly, two competing bills in Illinois and they are in other states too. Reporter Ben Austin got interested in the question at the heart of all this, what is actually happening in those parole board hearings? How do they make these monumental decisions? What sways them? What doesn't? These boards are trying to adjudicate these very squishy, nearly impossible questions like when is a person rehabilitated? How can you tell? When should a long prison sentence end? This next question is almost two grand to say out loud, but it is in there too. What is justice? All this plays out in this weird backwater of the judicial system. It doesn't get a lot of scrutiny.


Can you remember the last time you saw a news story? Any news story about a parole board hearing and for all the TV dramas about, I have to say almost every aspect of the criminal justice system in all of its parts, there is none set in a parole board Bangals in Illinois and spent more than a year going to every parole board hearing there. They happen once a month, each one looking at five or 10 cases and he put together what you're about to hear. The man they're considering for release in this case is 72 years old, been locked up for almost 50 years most of his life. The parole board has some information about the case, but definitely not everything you would want. That's part of what makes this so interesting, listening to this hearing, how they deal with that.


This is actually one of the hearings that Ben sat through on his very first day going to these hearings. Basically, he and his producer, bill Healy showed up through two recorders on the table in the middle of the room and captured this conversation that you're about to hear and it just stuck with him. This case, not just the difficulty of the decision that they had to make or all the stuff that they wished they knew but didn't know, but the ruling they came to it stuck with him. Okay, enough said, here's Ben Austin. I'm surprised by how plain the hearing room is, how small. There's barely enough space to fit a wood conference table and squeezed around it.


13 board members, they're sitting elbow to elbow. These are people who spend a lot of time together. They're from different parts of the state and in between the cases they debate things like who has worse traffic, worse snow. You guys don't get it like We get it in Peoria. I know we're still about 50 miles south. Yeah, you don't get it. They tease each other about being long-winded. Keep It short. Remember? Oh, look at you. Tell me to keep it short. Oh, okay. Who said That? They hunch over laptops and coffee cups and fat accordion files filled with case documents that go back way into the previous century.


There's a former public school principal and a high school guidance counselor, former prosecutors and three retired cops by law. The parole board includes both Democrats and Republicans. They're appointed by the governor approved by the state Senate and it's a full-time job in Illinois. They're currently paid about a hundred thousand dollars a year. Okay, The next case is Mr. Henry d. Ms. Martinez is Recognized. The hearing starts. Yes. The chairman acknowledges Virginia Martinez, one of the board members. She's seated near the head of the table and she begins to talk about the person they're considering for release. This is a case of Henry D number C 0 1 6 5 7.


Mr. D is currently 72 years of age, having been born on August 24th, 1946. I interviewed him at Stateville Correctional Center. If you look around the small conference room, one person you won't see is Henry D, the guy up for parole. He's still in a prison more than a hundred miles away. The way these hearings work, one board member travels to the prison and interviews the parole applicant. The pairings are chosen at random, it was Martinez's turn. Now she'll walk her colleagues through the details of the case And, what she learned in the interview, and she'll give a recommendation for or against Dee's release.


The other board members don't have to follow it. Often they don't. They'll debate and after that they'll vote. The whole thing takes less than an hour and for some cases way less. Inmate V is serving 100 to 200 years for two counts of murder to run consecutively and 20 to 40 years for two counts of robbery. His projected discharge date is June 27th, 2162. Martinez says the release date is 2162. Dee was given up to 200 years. It's what people in prison call Buck Rogers time like out of science fiction.


Henry D, that's his last name, DEE, first came before the parole board in 1981. People who are rejected get another hearing every one to five years and D has had two dozen hearings since to make parole, you need a majority of the board's votes. Dee has never even come close. In fact, in all his years of coming up for consideration, only one board member has ever voted for release. That's it. Just one. A big reason. The severity of the long ago crime, The facts of the case. In the early morning of August 17th, 1971, cab driver Arthur Snyder stopped his at his Chicago home after his evening shift.


He was accosted by inmate D and co-defendant James Sales, who were armed and forced their way into the Schneider's apartment. The details, they're painful to listen to. The crime is brutal. The offenders, if you're listening with kids, This is a heads up. Once inside the offenders, hogtied, gagged and blindfolded Arthur Snyder leaving him in the kitchen. They then took Edith Snyder into the bedroom where they bound gagged and blindfolded her. This was a robbery. The men stole some valuables and then The offenders then beat her to death with a claw hammer brutally striking her about the face, skull, and body.


They then returned to the kitchen where they beat Arthur Snyder with the same hammer striking him so hard that the hammer became embedded in his skull. Mr. Snyder was 52 and his wife was 46 at the time of their murders Before leaving, with a number of items taken from the apartment, the offenders turned on the gas jets in the oven and set the mattress on fire where Ms. Where Mrs. Snyder's body was laying. There was evidence of rape but no charges were brought. They stole Arthur Snyder's car, his taxi, and drove off. All this information is from Dee's original trial, but listening to it in this room, it feels present tense parking lot like these terrible events just happened.


You quickly lose sight that this took place in 1971 that a half century has passed. The inmate and co-defendant were tried together, found guilty in a jury trial. The verdict was, was affirmed on appeal. In considering release board members weigh different factors, public safety, the suffering of victims. One of the most important things they want to hear is that the parole candidate feels remorse that they're repentant that in prison they've changed, which is a big problem for Henry D because he insists he can't say he's sorry. Another reason he's only ever gotten one vote in a couple dozen parole hearings.


The inmate's version is that he states and has always stated that he's innocent, that he's never killed anyone. He states that the blood that was found on his clothing was a minute amount so small that it could only be tested once he had tried to get the blood tested again and they told him that was impossible. He claims that he had given a pound print that didn't match the bloody print on the hammer and that that evidence has disappeared. He said he was never in the cab. He had gotten a call to meet sales and went to sales. Southside apartment Sales is James Sales, the other person charged with this crime. D says he met sales at a writer's workshop. They became friends.


They volunteered together at a free breakfast program run by the Black Panthers. So that night Dee says they were hanging out at sales apartment. Then later sales was walking and made back to the train. That is when they were arrested. The cab driver and his wife were white and lived on Chicago's north side. Henry d and James sales were black and lived miles away on the city south side. The taxi was found later on the south side, but D says he and his friend had nothing to do with it. The police arrested the wrong guys, framed them. He's been saying the same thing for 48 years. At the trial, the inmate DD did testify and he testified that he and sales left sales apartment at about 2:35 AM and were crossing 62nd Street when they had to hurry to avoid a speeding car.


Moments later they were called over to a police car and questioned as to their identity and activities in the area. He testified the police then took both sails and he to a cab parked in Washington Park. They both denied any knowledge of the cab. According to inmate B'S testimony, they were kicked and beaten by the police. The police then took items out of the cab and threw them on the ground. The police also added whatever the two had in their pockets to the same pile. Okay, his co-defendant, so Dee says the police took them to the cab, planted evidence on them and beat them. The police say they saw them running from the cab at trial. The doctor undercut D's version of events.


A doctor testified at trial that two had not said anything about being beaten and did not observe any recent injuries or bruises on the defendants at the time of their arrest. The inmate states that everyone he is asked to look into the case has said they can't because there's no DNA and everyone involved in the case is dead. He said he could have pled guilty and was offered 20 to 40 years, but he didn't take it because he's innocent. He believes he would have been out by now. So what to believe after all these years, Henry D's version or the police version, a parole hearing isn't a trial. These 13 people are not here to decide whether Henry D is innocent or guilty.


Parole was set up to assess everything that's happened since a conviction. But of course as the board wrestles with accountability and remorse, it's impossible to ignore that question of guilt. What if he never committed the crime? How could he show regret? Another thing the board is supposed to consider the person's behavior in prison. How is he conducted himself there for the past half century? Has he used the time productively? Short answer, yes he has. That's where Virginia Martinez goes next.


Henry D has basically been what they call a model prisoner with two rather spectacular exceptions. These floored me when I heard them. First one In 1979, inmate D escaped from custody of the Department of Corrections while at the U of I hospital for kidney tests. That's right, he escaped from prison. This was early in his incarceration. He was able to do so by using what looked like a homemade weapon. He stated that he handcuffed the two officers and left the keys and their weapons in the trash can so that when someone went in they could uncuff them. He was apprehended the next day at a motel with his girlfriend.


It's a crazy story. He made a fake gun like a stage prop and when he locked up the officers, he was polite. He didn't take their guns. He left them along with the keys somewhere easy to find. He wasn't even charged with a crime, but they did punish him by moving him out of the general prison population for a year. It's hard to gauge how this will play with the parole board, especially since a year later. Henry D tried again, another attempted escape. He trying to walk away from MCC, the Metropolitan Correction Center while he was downtown in federal court on a civil rights case that he and others, I think he and others had filed, which he said he won.


So he tried to walk away and they federal marshals caught him and charged him. So he is got a three year sentence on that one. He won and lost? Yes. Okay. Yes, A board member makes a joke that D won and lost. The man's name is Pete Fisher. He's white bald, a former police chief from central Illinois. During his time on the board, he's voted against parole like 200 times and for release in only a couple of cases. He tells me later when I interview him that what always matters most to him is the severity of the crime no matter how much time has passed or how much someone has accomplished in prison, Virginia Martinez goes on to describe Henry D's accomplishments after those escape attempts in 1979 and 1980.


She sees someone doing about as well in prison as anyone could hope In the past 30 years. Inmates overall ju adjustment has been very positive. He has received only four tickets. Tickets are disciplinary infractions and having just four of them over all that time is extraordinary. He's currently assigned to dietary department and has previously worked in correctional industries receiving certifications for working with sheet metal, which is where I think he made this what looked like a gun. He makes file cabinets and other metal furniture. He has also worked in the canning plant. He has never posed a threat to others except for the use of what looked like this weapon to escape.


In 1983, his attitude was described as energetic, friendly, and cooperative. In 1984, inmates institutional adjustment was described as remarkable. Since 1998, the words model prisoner had have been used Because Henry D isn't there. He's like a distant character. In all the stories swirling about, he's turned into less a person than some abstraction of crime and punishment. But Martinez now gets to say what it was like to sit with him in the present to talk with him, to get a sense of who he is today at age 72. He's got a lot of health issues In the inmate is insulin dependent and also suffers from hypertension, hyperactivity, hyperactive thyroid and abnormal heart rhythm.


He recently underwent, I think it's a second surgery on his for his heart condition. When I interviewed him, his speech was slow and clear. He was very cooperative and responsive to questions he had come with his according file of information. He keeps all of his information in a file For people. Henry D's age older than 65, the arrest rate is really low. Statistically people age out of crime. That's just a fact, but the board still wants to know if they do release him that he is got a stable place to live in income, a plan, His parole plan, he's always said that he wants to live with his mother, Ruby in Chicago.


She's gotta be in her nineties. He says over 85, but that over 85 has been consistent over the years, so she's gotta be 90 something. She requires a caretaker now. He has been saving money for his and her needs and currently has over $11,000. He believes that he can get work in either food service or sheet metal based on his experience and certifications. Additionally, he received, we received a letter at the end of January of an offer from Juan Rivera, a former Stateville inmate who was found to have been wrongfully convicted and won a $20 million civil rights suit.


Based on that wrong con wrongful conviction, Mr. Rivera states that the inmate that inmate D is in is in great part responsible for the person he is today. He met inmate D while he entered Stateville angry for having been convicted of the rape and murder of an 11-year-old girl, a crime that he did not commit. He says inmate D taught him that he was not who the legal system portrayed him to be. He's now owner of Legacy Barber College and is a director of Justice for just us, a nonprofit providing support for innocent people who are exonerated and released from prison.


He offered inmate DA place to live in his home, a job with the Barber college and whatever he needs. Martinez is done presenting the case to her 12 colleagues around the table. The other board members will get a chance to ask questions and deliberate before there's a vote. I can't even tell at this point how Martinez is gonna vote, but right now she says there are people who sent letters to the board who continue to oppose release. don don't know if it's the victim's family members or who she doesn't say, which I would ask that we go into executive session to discuss. I'll second. Okay, We'll go and close. We'll excuse our visitors for a few minutes as we discuss protest.


The board chairman asked us to pick up our recorders from the table so they can discuss the protest in a closed session. And we go in the hallway and wait. Ben Austin coming up, the members of the parole board puzzled through everything you just heard, all the pros and cons of whether Henry D should go free and they cast their votes. Stay with us. Support for This.


American. Life comes from Squarespace Connect major social and multimedia accounts to your website in a few clicks as icons, direct links or embedded feeds. Build visitor trust while updating content only where you need it. Sellers can also sync their product catalog directly with Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, and Google to reach more customers and reduce the steps for a purchase. Visit Squarespace dot com slash american for 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. This message comes from Capital One offering commercial solutions you can bank on. Now more than ever, your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services all tailored to your short and long-term goals backed by the strength and stability of a top 10 commercial bank.


Their dedicated experts work with you to build lasting success. Explore the possibilities@capitalone.com slash commercial. A member FDIC. It's This American Life Myra Glass. Today's program, This is the case of Henry D. The story of a single parole hearing for a man who was incarcerated since he was 24 years old at the time of the hearing. He's 72 years old, so here's where we are. The parole board members have heard about the crime. They've heard about how Henry Diaz used his years in prison. Now they have to discuss and decide should he be allowed out again. Here's Ben Austin. The board members take their seats again and settle in.


They have to decide whether after 48 years behind bars after this terrible crime, that's some unquantifiable measure of justice has finally been served. There's Henry D's incredible record in prison too and also his two escapes and then there's Dee's assertion that he's innocent. It's maybe the biggest hurdle to voting for him. Innocence at this point calls into question the work in the past of police, prosecutors, judges, and also all those parole boards dating back to the 1980s. All of them would've needed to get it wrong. As I mentioned, the co-defendant in this case was paroled in 2004.


The hearing resumes, Virginia Martinez now has to give her recommendation for or against Henry D's release from prison. How to decide. Martinez previously worked in non-profits representing women and children and American Latinos. She was actually one of the first two Latina lawyers ever to be licensed in Illinois in 1975. As far as how often people on this board vote for release, Martinez is somewhere in the middle. She sometimes talks about her fears of making what she calls a mistake, recommending someone for parole who goes on to commit another crime and the crime in this case. She told me later it gave her nightmares, but she now tells her colleagues, she's open to the idea that Henry D might be telling the truth and police, prosecutors, judges, and previous parole boards might have gotten it wrong.


I found it hard to believe that these two men convicted of what is absolutely has to be one of the most brutal and barbaric murders that we have, that they never exhibited any violence while incarcerated at Stateville, which you all know about. Even when they lost their appeal, an event that the psychiatrist and counselors predicted would set them off, neither became violent. Inmate deed did escape and was disciplined. He wasn't charged with the IDOC escape. He did not harm the officers and did not take their weapons in the federal case. He tried to walk away again, no violence.


His release would show other inmates that there is hope. I believe inmate D is ready to reenter society. He has saved money and he has a financial and other support from Juan Rivera. His institutional record age and physical health would be an indicator that he's not likely to re-offend. It's clear while he's still Martinez is gonna vote for release only Henry D's second vote ever. The board members now get to ask questions. Colleagues, well, I don't want to get into retrying it, but you've had the case, you've had to file. Is it your belief that he's innocent? Just curious.


I don't know whether he is or isn't. I think it's possible. You think it's possible he could be innocent? Yes. I mean he had a another case of an excellent record. He says he completely sail, says he completely changed himself. Mr. D has completely changed. That's what he has. Whoever he was Yeah, at the time. I mean he's now 73 years old and I, you know if, if part of our, part of the goal of the Department of Corrections is to rehabilitate individuals, here is a person who has been rehabilitated. Even if he is guilty and won't admit it, we know she's saying that whatever we think a long prison sentence is supposed to accomplish after 48 years he's done it, they should set him free.


This gets at something so basic. What is the purpose of punishment? It's a question. We as a country have never really answered and yet it's here for the board somehow to wrestle with Mr I I just have a couple questions in regard just to the, the actual innocence claim. The the victim, Mr. Snyder owned the cab, correct? Yes. And Another board member seated a couple feet from Martinez, Joseph Ruggiero, he's white, a criminal prosecutor for 30 years and he starts to grill Martinez about the crime. Like he's got her on the witness stand. It was D according to the opinion, found in possession of the victim's watch.


No, I think he, he had certificates or something. But again, Dee says that this stuff was inside the cab. And what wasn't Dee found in possession of a 1893 Buffalo head nickel that belonged to the victim. There were some things that they found on him and, and some things that they found on sales. That's what they said. And his criminal history. Twice, earlier that year. Two separate occasions, yes. He was charged with stealing a car, correct? It would have been third time he was in the stolen car. Ruggiero seems like a clear no vote federal Detainer. But he told me That next board member with questions, Donald Shelton, a police officer from downstate, the only black Republican on the board and he also wants to revisit the police account of this arrest, which dates back to when Richard Nixon was president.


Other Speaker. In my mind I have, there's a small vacuum in my understanding how they came to be arrested. The police saw this vehicle driving dark, the car pulled over and these guys got out of the car. Is that right? Yes. Were they arrested in the vicinity? The car, had they crossed the park? Were they on the other side of town? I don't understand How they connected the car. He said don't know the side well enough to know where the parking lot to the swimming pool of, I think that's where it was. It was near the swimming pool of Washington Park where they parked. That's and then ran. So that's on Cottage Grove. Go Ahead. That's why I'm just trying to figure out where they got stopped in relation to the car because That's kind of what it was near. It was Near compared to courtrooms where parole hearings can feel like there are no rules.


'cause they, This is one of the reasons many states abolished it and they suddenly, here they are debating the layout of Washington Park. Something they could just look up on their phones. It's unclear what any of This is getting them. The trial rep, two generations ago, there's no new evidence and no one in this room was involved in the case. If this were a retrial, there would at least be witnesses evidence. But here it's just circling the same old court documents and even if he is guilty, that's who parole is for. Right. People who were found guilty, rightly or wrongly to decide whether today they're ready to rejoin society.


But like in so many hearings I've seen you've answered the board members again, travel back in time to the original conviction. Let's Just take it this time. They were convicted. I get that. That's why we're Saying, so I'm not arguing about, he says he was innocent. Ms. Martinez is, is the, you know you, you mentioned he claims he is innocent. Okay. Has that remained consistent over the years? Yes. Yes. Okay. Absolutely. Yes. And he's had appeals, never said it. He's had other things and that's all exhausted. Okay. Was there any, with your interview of him, was there any remorse on his part or I guess it's hard to have remorse if you think Exactly.


He just said, I have never killed anybody. I didn't do this. I have never killed anybody. Next visitors are allowed to speak in support of parole are against it. Please. Sometimes it's relatives of the victims. Their testimony is almost always crushing. I remember one guy, his father had been killed when he was a child. He told me how hard it was to live with that then to have to come back here every few years. And here the details of the crime again and again. He other visitors include the lawyers for the parole candidates or their family members. But that's not the case today.


Relatives of Arthur and Edith Snyder, the couple who was killed aren't here and Henry D doesn't have any family here either. He doesn't even have a pro bono lawyer. Let Ms. Ian, are you here to speak for Mr. Mr D? Yes, please. Only because he doesn't have a lawyer and I'm not representing him, but, but you are a lawyer. The woman who responds is sitting right next to me. Her name's Aviva. Ian gives, she's in her eighties and she advocates for parole candidates in Illinois. Meeting with them in prison, trying to improve their chances for years. She attended nearly all of these hearings, certainly writing up notes and sharing them in a newsletter. Defendant, I don't know.


So the board chairman turns to her and asks, does she have anything that might offer some insight? You know, it turns out claims she does. A while ago I was in Stateville and one of the correctional officers came up to me and said he was a big fan of Henry Ds and he, and he knew Henry was claiming he was innocent. And he said, could you talk to him about this and tell him that, you know, if he doesn't admit it, he may never get out. And that's what I did. I put in a legal call to him and I told him who I was and I told him that I thought that there was a good chance he would not get out if he didn't acknowledge his guilt.


And he said, I understand that. I know that. And if it means I have to stay in for the rest of my life, I can't admit to something I didn't do. So that's the only insight I can add to it was my conversation with him. Next, the board chair calls on a state's attorney from the county where the crime occurred. There's someone like this at nearly every hearing I saw, she's there to say why the prosecution still opposes release after 48 years. We brought it up, but she has no connection to the case. But he, he didn't, I'm nearly certain no one from her office has spoken to Henry D in the decade since the trial. So I understand that it may sound like a pathetic story of somebody who's claiming that they're innocent, but the fact of the matter is that he stands convicted of this brutal, heinous double homicide.


And the appellate court reviewed the evidence that was presented and found that the conviction should be affirmed. And that's what happened. This is not the place to talk about actual innocence. I think him denying this would deprecate the seriousness of the offense granting him parole would also do that and I ask that he deny parole. Thank You. It's almost time for the vote. So far, only one of the 13 board members has said they support release. Another board member speaks up Sal Diaz. He's seated by the door because he showed up last.


He's a former Chicago cop, old school. He's wearing a track suit. He says he knows that in Chicago there are a lot of documented cases of false arrest State's. Attorney says that he was convicted, but we all know that some convictions, even though he included the appellate level, are bogus. Okay, we understand that. And former policeman, I've seen that over and over again. Bad arrest, but he had the victim's property on him. That's what the police say. That's what he said. But even some of that property's property that would've been in the Cab. In the cab. Not right on the victim.


On the victim. Okay. So there's some And then when the pool, yeah, and if they dumped it all on the floor all out, simply because the police chase people, doesn't mean that the police are lying when they catch 'em. You know, it can be 50 50, 50 50. Those seem like terrible odds. The police might be lying still. Ds says he'd be more ready to vote for parole. If Henry D just hadn't said he was innocent, I wish for me he would've said no comment as opposed to I'm innocent. And that would've made me feel a little more comfortable. At the same time, he's not alive at work. And Martinez is, you know, has put his case very well.


And sometimes I think we had to just say, Hey, there may be some doubts here. I like the guy. He's impressed me, but he needs to go home and I understand that. And that's all. I'm say At first Diaz seemed like a definite no. Now I'm not so sure. The chairman, Craig Finley has been on the board longer than anyone else. He's a former state legislator, a moderate Republican. He says he's also troubled that Henry d never accepted responsibility for the crime. The other man arrested with Henry D eventually did.


Initially James Sales also said he was innocent. Their stories lined up then after years in prison sales admitted he was guilty that they did the crime and after that he got paroled Voting To parole Mr. Sales was probably the most difficult vote I had ever casted that it was probably in 2005 or 2006. Yeah, It was five. But Yeah, that was probably my most difficult vote at the time because of the, the gruesome nature of the crime. Mr. Fit Victorian, correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems to me Mr. Sales not only admitted his own guilt, but indicated that Mr. D was his codefendant.


Much as I would like to support Mr. DI am, I'm troubled to to consider parole The chairman looks like another no vote for parole. There's often a randomness to these hearings. Sometimes the outcome seems like it's a hundred percent certain and then a board member will offer a stray comment and it swings the momentum in the opposite direction. There's a board member who's barely spoken today, Lisa Daniels. She's black in her fifties tattooed on one of her forearms are the words I am forgiveness at these hearings, she'll occasionally bring up how her own son was murdered.


He was trying to rob another young man in a drug deal when he was shot. She'll mention this to stress that her son shouldn't be summed up by one terrible moment that nobody should. And right now she says she wants to share a theory. Can I a ask something or offer something for consideration? Mr. Victorian mentioned earlier that Mr. Deed was told that if he did not acknowledge just gonna say that committing the crime, that he would never be paroled. Maybe we want to take into consideration that Mr. Sells took that advice that Mr. Sells was given that same advice and that he took it.


That's exactly what I was gonna say. That's, that's assumption. It's like something in the room shifts. I see a few heads nodding. Okay. People are agreeing. We don't Know. We'll never know. I mean we don't know and we'll never know. But I would like to offer it as, as a consideration. I I asked them that sales, we said no. He said no No's we brought it up. Yeah, but he, he didn't point a finger at that. Just one more thing. The the reason I I brought that up is because what I'm not hearing, and maybe Ms. Ms. Martinez can speak to that, is that typically when someone changes, completely changes their, their behavior and their mindset.


There's a point, there's a, there's a religious conversion. There's, you know, some sort of eyeopening, you know, life altering event that changes a person. And I'm not hearing that that took place for either one of these gentlemen throughout their period of incarceration. And so my mind is, is, is wondering how is it that people, how is it these, that these two men could have been, have committed such a violent, violent, heinous crime, but then moved on to live a life of peace and, and you know, without or, or peaceful, such a peaceful existence without some point of, of, of turn.


That's my question too. How could these two individuals who at Stateville have such an incredible record, and not only for themselves, but for Dee to be a mediator, which the counselors tell, tell us too. They mediate between the fights, between inmates as well as between the staff and the inmates. How could somebody who did these were horrible, horrible murders? We yeah, we got Yeah, I mean pictures are there. They're horrible. But how could that, and especially when the, even the psychiatrist said, oh yeah, but as soon as if they're, if they don't win their appeal, they're gonna go off.


No, they lost their appeal and they didn't, they didn't, you know, they didn't go crazy. They didn't cause any problems in the institution. There really isn't a way to prove any of this. That someone who commits a terrible act of violence couldn't go on and live a life of peace other than a feeling. Has he had prior counsel? Not for us. don don't think he had the same counsel with sales for the appeal. But don don't think after that. I don't think he's had an attorney. Don don't think he's ever been represented before. But he's been eligible for parole.


19 previously. 81 for a very long Time. 1981. He came before us for the first time. In all that time he's gotten one, one vote. Okay. And there was Yes ma'am. And there was actually also statement in one of those decisions about, you know, he needed, he needed a little more time. We have it now, but, and I think it was 83. It might have been later. The, the board said he needed a little more time. He's had it, he's had 46 years. I don't believe that.


I believe that he's being rehabilitated and I believe that he presents a, an acceptable risk. And so I move that we him Did you, Did you say, oh, Chris, is there a second? Motion? Second. Ms. Harris, Ms. Ms. Perkins is there. Did you say he just had four tickets in, in 30 years? Four tickets in 30 years At Stateville. At Stateville. I keep thinking about that. Easy Place to Get tickets. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And then after this discussion that zigged and zagged, suddenly the conversation's over, it's finally time. The board members will cast their votes.


Henry D needs eight yeses to get parole. A majority of the 14 member board This is even harder today because one of the board members is absent. He still needs eight votes though. Those are the rules. Alright, any further discussion? Hearing none. The motion is to grant an I. Yes. Notice to grant for Mr. Henry D. Please say Ms. Martinez. Yes. Mr. Norton? No. Ms. Perkins? Yes. Mr. Ruggiero? No. Mr. Shelton? Yes. Mr. Tuby? No. Ms. Wilson? Yes.


Ms. Daniels? Yes. Mr. Diaz? Well, I think he's dirty, but I'm gonna vote for him. Sal Diaz, the Chicago cop, certainly not soft on crime. Says he's dirty. He still thinks Henry D is guilty, but he shrugs he'll vote for him anyway. Mr. Dunn? Yes. Yes. Ms. Harris? Yes. You can hear a gasp from someone in the room because that was the eighth vote. Chairman fill. I'll go with Sal. Yes, there is days long.


Thank you, mayor. But did you make, please read the result. He did receive oh eight votes. Is that correct? Nine. Nine votes. We will the board order probed you granted. Do we need 90 days, Samantha? Yes. 90 days from After 48 years of incarceration, attorney Henry D was going free. The whole thing took less than an hour. Of the seven cases the board considers today, This is the only one granted release. and I can't stop thinking about it. It's all my producer Bill and I talk about on the three hour drive back from Springfield to Chicago, because we just saw a long prison sentence end.


It's impossible to sit through these hearings and not think about what decision you would make for me. There's no question I would've voted for release. and I wanna be clear about what it means to say that because two people were murdered and I don't think we'll ever know what happened. I'm saying that even if Henry d did kill Edith and Arthur Snyder back in 1971 and lied about it all these years, even then to me it was time to let Henry d out. Past time, We spent a long time trying to get in touch with the family of Edith and Arthur Snyder.


I did eventually reach their daughter. She's now about 80 years old. She told me she strongly opposed. Dee's release had written a letter to the board before this hearing. And for nearly every one of his hearings over the years, she believes he's guilty. And she says, even if you're a saint in prison, if you take a life, it's forever. So you should never be let out. We talked for a while about parole, about our different views on punishment. She said, had your loved ones been killed? Maybe it'd feel the same way. I do. I told her that was a fair point.


I still believe what I believe, but it's true. I haven't gone through what she has. I didn't say this earlier, but Illinois is one of the states that got rid of parole way back in 1978. So only people like Henry d sentenced before 1978 are still eligible for hearings like this one. So the people who come before this board are mostly in their sixties and above. They're senior citizens, which means on any actuarial table, they pose very little risk of committing another crime. And still the parole board only says yes to a tiny percentage in the 15 years before Dee's hearing just 6% of them.


So who makes the cut? In the numerous cases I've seen the people who did get released, there's always a story that enough board members were able to latch onto something that allowed them finally to move beyond that magnetic pull of the long ago crime. In Henry D's case, it was the unbridgeable distance between the brutality of the murders and the peacefulness of his life in prison. Another guy I saw get paroled. He had a surgery that left him bleeding in his cell. For years, the horror of his medical care in prison made his offense seem to the board almost beside the point. And then this other time, a man not only escaped, but lived under an alias in a different state for years, he was a beloved member of that community before he was apprehended again.


The board, to my shock, saw that time when he was at large like a test case for the positive life had lived if they gave him another chance. I've thought a lot about whether Illinois and the rest of the country should bring back parole. Whether it makes sense to get more people in front of boards. Again, parole decisions can be racially biased, completely focused on the original crime and just random. But even knowing all this, I think we need more systems of second chances. The United States locks up more people than any other country about one in six of all the incarcerated people in the world.


There are hundreds of thousands of people in prisons like Henry D. They've spent decades behind bars. Many will die there. They deserve another look. When we come back, Ben tries to track down Henry D. That's in a minute. Chicago Public Radio. When our program continues, This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes car selling easy. Enter your license plate or Vin answer some questions and Carvana will give you a real offer in seconds. Whether you're looking to sell your car right now or whenever feels right, go to carvana.com to sell your car the convenient way.


This message comes from MIDI Health. Women in midlife face a healthcare desert, but MIDI is here to fill the gap, offering expert care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance, hot flashes, insomnia, brain fog, weight gain, and moodiness. Don't have to be accepted as just another part of aging. MIDI clinicians understand how these symptoms can connect to menopause and prescribe a wide range of solutions. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com. This American Life. Myra Glass Ben Austin picks up the story again. Even after sitting through Henry D's parole hearing, I didn't really know him. I hadn't even seen or heard him, so I tried to find out more.


Here's what I learned after Henry D makes parole. People at the prison celebrate even the staff. And the day he walks out the front gate, he's getting hugs and congratulations from everyone. His mother's still alive in her nineties. She's not walking. She can't meet him there, but Henry is ecstatic to see her. He gets outside his first free air in 48 years and there are federal officers waiting for him. They handcuff him, put him in a car. Henry has no idea what's going on. He eventually learns. It's for one of the attempted escapes all those decades ago.


He's been granted parole by the state, but the feds are attacking on two more years. He's driven to a federal prison in Pennsylvania. His mom dies during that time. 27 months later, the feds put him on a plane to Chicago. He's never flown before. Has no idea how to board where to sit. The flight attendants learn his story and move him to first class. He has to turn down the free drinks because he doesn't wanna violate his parole from O'Hare. He gets on a train. He's got directions written out on paper. He doesn't have a cell phone. He makes it to a Salvation Army on the city's west side.


That's where he sleeps. He later moves to a homeless shelter. The friend from inside who won the wrongful conviction suit, who promised Henry a job and a home, it doesn't pan out. So Henry's trying to figure out his new surroundings, his new life. But he has medical issues. Eventually he's admitted to the hospital. He has diabetes fluid on his lungs. And after a few days there and he's dead. Henry D was incarcerated for 50 years. He lives free. After his release for less than 12 months, I tracked down a few people who knew Henry D Well, I wanna take these last few minutes to tell you some things about him.


Henry D wore a frog pin around the prison. He'd leave the cell house, walk onto the yard, and dozens of stray cats would appear. He'd feed them. He was a large man, hands like catchers mitts. When young guys asked him who his gang chief was, he'd tell them his mom, because of his diabetes, he could get jittery or pass out on the toilet in his cell. And his friends were always on watch for him. For nine years, the person who lived with him in a six by eight foot cell was a guy named Jacob Rivera Henry. He was funny man. Henry, I, I was sitting in the cell on lockdowns and write these letters and not having a very good educational background, you know, whoever I was writing to, I tried to make it seem like I was educated.


So, and I would try to use these big words and I tell Henry, Hey Henry, what can I use? How, what word can I use for blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. He's like, what are you trying to say? And and I would tell him what I was trying to say and he'll say, well just say that, you know? And I'm like, oh yeah, you know, but, and he, he, he was, yeah, he had a way Jacob called him grandpa, a chaplain at the prison told me she called him Father Abraham because she saw him as a man of wisdom and love those times. He came up for parole. The entire prison felt hope. Here's another man who was locked up with him.


Andre Ruddock, All of the guards, all of the officers, all the way up to the warden. Everybody would get engaged like everybody knew. Henry D goes the boy, he's going to the board. They might let him out. Finally, this might be his year. When Henry D finally got released, Andre was already out. And when he learned that Henry was sleeping in a homeless shelter, he was furious. So Andre raced over to the shelter, called some people, and they got Henry d an apartment. They recorded a video of him seeing it for the first time. Here he is Henry d Alright, That's what Room, right?


Yeah, that's a little Kitchen area. Ooh Lord. You got a brand new bathroom? A brand new bathroom. This is, wait, look at it. Well, This is wonderful. This is more room than I done had in the last century. Henry has a full white beer. He's wearing a wool hat in a gray hoodie, and he uses a walker as he enters the remodeled kitchen. There are granite countertops. Everything is bright and freshly painted. Henry is jubilant. They all are. Come look at your bathroom. I I then I see it all from right here. I've been living in a bathroom smaller than this all my life.


Woo. Look at that. Hopefully you'll enjoy your Steak. I do. I enjoyed all life. You've done a wonderful job. Okay, thank you so much. What's your name? Henry had 351 Days of Freedom. I saw a video of him from one of those days. He's surrounded by three little dogs leaping all over him and he's giddy. He loved to play the lottery and he had this new makeshift family. The people who knew him in prison, who now just wanted to be around him, but he never slept in the new apartment At night, he'd go back to the homeless shelter for five decades.


He'd been surrounded by hundreds of people. He was terrified of being alone. Andre told me that in prison, Henry was a giant After all that, after all that he survived. He was a powerhouse. This is what we all knew. Henry D was so big, you know, and you like, like he talk about his hands big. He had this deep, powerful voice. This was the character. But then he came home and the real world shrunk him. It shrunk him and then defeated him. And he never got a chance to do anything that he, that he really wanted to do. And one of the things he told me when he was in the hospital that he wanted to go to the observation deck on Will on Willis Tower, The Willis Tower, also known as the Sears Tower.


The Chicago's tallest building. I told him, that's the first thing I'm gonna do when you get out the hospital. I'm gonna take you up there. But since he died, he, you know, obviously couldn't. So I took his picture that you have that obituary. Took it up to the observation deck and took a picture of it. I was like, yeah, Henry De, you made it. We got you up here. So As far as I can tell, Henry D out of prison was the same person Virginia Martinez saw in prison.


The same person prison officials had been describing to the parole board for decades. Ben Austin. He wrote a book about the parole system and the Odyssey of two men trying to go free. It's called correction. He also hosts a new podcast called The Parole Room, which centers around a different case than the one you just heard. Kind of famous case in Chicago, actually lots of twists and turns, including a guy on parole who gets out and then insists on attending parole hearings with Ben. You can find all eight episodes right now at audible.com/parole.


The story was produced and edited by our senior editor, David Kestenbaum. Today's gonna be like yesterday. The things I don I'll not cause Scene and I will not hurt. No, I'll not hurt No one. I mean I would not raise a hand to them. and I would not lie to you. I would not lie to you. Our program is produced today by Aviva de Kornfeld, the people with Together today's show includes Sean Cole, Michael come, Henry Larson, Seth Glenn, Catherine Ray, Mondo, stone, Nelson, Nadia, Raymond, Ryan Rumery, Alyssa Ship, and Matt Tierney, our managing editor, Sarah Abdu, our executive editors, Emmanuel Barry.


Today's show is Fact-Check by Christopher Tala. He's the person on staff who first heard Ben's podcast and thought we might collaborate on story with him. Fact checking help from Heina, Shiva and Rudy Lee in the year since this 2019 hearing that you just heard one of the board members, SA Diaz has died. Special thanks today to Ben's producer, bill Healy, to the Invisible Institute who funded some of the early reporting the Ben and Bill did. On this Toya cdo, Laurie Wilbert, Jason Sue Hoy, Josh Christ Marc and Tanto, Lauren Sen, jelly Montero, Ashley Lus, and Jake Shapiro. Thanks also to all of our life partners. That is everybody who has signed up for the new premium subscription version of Our show, which I heard me mentioned at the top of the episode.


You can join them. Join us as our partner, keeping the show strong at This American Life dot org slash life Partners This American Life is delivered to public radio stations by PRX, the Public Radio Exchange. Thanks to Zoe Stewart Program's co-founder Mr. Troy Malatia. You know, he actually screen tested back in the day for the little girl character in ET t, the Drew Barrymore part. But the scene where they opened the closet and CET and scream Tory just could not deliver. They call action. He looks at ET and boards out. I like the guy, he's impressed me, but he needs to go home. I'm Eric Glass back next week with more stories of This American, Life.