
Support for the following message come from LinkedIn ads. With LinkedIn ads, you can reach professionals relevant to your business. Target them by job title, industry, company, and more by launching your next campaign with a free $100 ad credit at linkedin.com/results. Terms and conditions apply support for the following message. Come from LinkedIn ads. With LinkedIn ads, you can reach professionals relevant to your business. Target them by job title, industry company, and more by launching your next campaign with a free $100 ad credit at linkedin.com/results. Terms and conditions apply


From WB e z Chicago. It's This American Life. I'm Han Jfi Walt sitting in for Ira Glass. This all started with a phone call, a call that eventually led to this episode. So that's where I'm gonna start. I was talking to a journalist in Gaza on the phone. Hello? Hi, This is Hana. Hi, How are you? This was back in April. I'd been speaking to people in Gaza for months by then, but nobody where maam was in the middle area. Dear Bella, maam, who made, she's a reporter for Al Jazeera English. We were chatting, I was asking some pretty basic questions about what she was experiencing, what she was seeing, what the day had been like. She got interrupted.


It was, yeah. You know, a little bit calm day, you know. Who is it? It mom. So Ben is listening. I, I need to introduce Ben to you. Hi, Ben. This is, Hi, How are you? I'm fine, thank you. Good Maram and I kept talking or trying to, and you're in Ella, are you in de Now? What do I do? Yeah, we're in Del in the central area now. What do I do? Is that where you're from? Is that where your home is? Or did you No, I'm displaced. Yeah. And we are living in our relative's home here with around 80 other family members.


Wow. 80. Yeah, it's 80. Not 80. Not 80. It's a lot. That's a lot of people. People. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Like big mom. It's 80, not 80. Oh. So Benya is correcting me regarding the American accent. Okay. So she's, she's saying like, what is it? It's 80 or 80? 80. 80. 80. Does she correct you a lot? Yeah, a lot. A lot. She speaks English better than me because I started with her from very young. I'm here, you know, back to me. Back to me. Yeah. And where, where She's, yeah.


Does she wanna talk You guys? Yes. I'm, I'm pretty ready. I'm ready. Ready? You're ready. Ready? Yeah. How old are you, bunya? I am eight years old. You're eight years old. And where did you learn to speak? Like an American From mama. She speaks to you in English? Yeah. Do you hear that? You hear that? So we, we, we, I do. Yeah. Okay. What is it? So Ben is, what is it? The wish? A war plane. It's a warplane. I do hear it. Yeah. Yeah, I of course hear it because it never ends.


Benes then takes the phone from her mom, having told me. What they are hearing begins pointing out what they're seeing, saying, look at this as if I can also see, even though we're not on a video call, she says, here we have the window. As you can see, here's the curtains. They're flowers. Flowers. We don't have any sofas. Just, mom, how do you say it? Shut Mattresses. Just maes. As you can see, we sit sometimes bed on, on the ground. Women are covering their heads all the time, as you can see. She, she couldn't see you. Can she tell her?


Yeah. Tell me. Okay. Oh, did you see our room? No. If you see it, you were, we, we, you'll you'll run, run, run, run from this. Why? 'cause it's so old and, and dusty. Maam told me later, she was so surprised at Bennet's performance in this call. That was the word she used. Apparently Benes was marching around with the phone in front of her, telling people, I need the room please. Jumping on the mattress, standing on the table pointing, saying, here's my brother Es. There he is. He's pretty and smart like me.


Gaza is full of kids. About half the population is under 18 years old, and about half of that group is under 10 years old. Like Benya. A huge way in which children in this war are different from kids in other war zones is that children in Gaza are not allowed to leave. They're not displaced to some other spot away from the fighting. They're displaced inside Gaza. They're stuck in the violence and stuck with their families in crowded rooms or tents, doing the things that kids everywhere do, building their inner world, trying to make sense of the world around them. I was calling Maram that day to ask about the situation in Dar Bella and Bunya took the phone and said, no, no, no.


Don't ask her, ask me. Being in Dar Bella is boring. It's boring. Really boring. Yeah. Not just bored. So bored. I really missed the burgers. And now we're on, can we have just the boxes of food? The food boxes? One day I wanna tell you something. Tell me One day when we are sitting in our room talking about something, then boom. A big bomb broke all of the windows and the door and the home is, was shaking.


And my baby brother, he has has, has got injured in his head. We, we have noticed the glass in his head. Is he okay? Benya? Yes. Now he's alright. We talked for a while and then said goodbye. That was the end of April. And then in July, I saw Mara's name on my phone. Hi, maam. Can you hear me? Hello? Hello? Yeah, It was, she wanted to talk. Tell me about her day then another day.


Hi, you want to talk? Yeah, sure. What are you doing? Through the summer into the fall, Benya called me and I called her Maam, her mother gave permission for these phone calls, but it was always just Benya on the line, telling me about herself and her life. I wanted to know what it's like to be a kid in this war. And here was this kid who wanted to talk. Penas was a natural narrator of her own life. She was constantly directing my attention. These are my friends. This is my school stationary, as you can see. Do you wanna know what we're doing right now? I'll tell you. Unfortunately for me, she also had zero interest in satisfying my journalistic agenda.


If I asked Benya a question she was not interested in she'd yawn dramatically. Stage yawn. Oh, it's getting late. I'm so tired. Let's look over here. I had been reading and thinking about what was happening in Gaza all the time. Talking to people there. Every call with Banyas was something I hadn't heard that was completely different from when adults tell the story. So that is today's episode. We're calling it The Narrator. We're gonna listen to this kid and Gaza, a narrator who does not ask permission to narrate. She takes the phone with a soaring confidence that what she has to tell you is interesting and important, and I agree with her.


Stay with us.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


This message comes from assured guarantee, looking to invest in municipal bonds for extra protection by bonds insured by assured guarantee, A proven leader in municipal bond insurance. It guarantees 100% of your principle and interest will be paid when Due Assured guarantee has demonstrated its reliability and financial strength for nearly four decades. That's why the Bonds Day back are one of the safest investments you can make. Visit assured guarantee.com. Assured guarantee a stronger bond.


Hey there, it's Ira here in the break. A little embarrassed to be saying these next words, but I'm gonna say them nonetheless. You can give a This American Life partner subscription to anyone you want as a holiday gift. What that means is that your loved one will receive bonus episodes. We've been doing a new bonus episode every other week. They'll get the program without ads, in other words, without somebody interrupting the way I am right now. And your support allows us to keep making the show. If there's somebody in your life that that would be right for go to This American Life dot org slash life partners. That link is also in the show notes. Okay, back to the show. Here's Hana.


It's This American Life. My calls with Banyas were sporadic. Sometimes we talked once a week, sometimes a month would go by. Usually we talked at the end of the day, her time while she was sitting on a mattress inside the house, fidgeting, there were always lots of people and activity in the background, but Benes never explained much about who was there or what they were doing. She told me about what she was doing, what she wanted me to know. And sometimes, see, I prefer a video call. Let me try. Okay. Hi, This is my complete look. That's a good look.


She's in a pink shirt that says Dream huge eyes, dark hair and pigtails with two loose curls, very purposefully framing her face. And you have earrings. I didn't know you had earrings. Oh Yeah, I do have earrings. This is my blue shorts. Yeah. And this, this is my head accessory for today. It has rhinestones, Purple, furry with rhinestones. Yeah, it, it's beautiful. When Penya and I first started talking on the phone, my questions were pretty basic. What do you do all day?


She was in a house with 80 people, which is unusual in Gaza right now. To live in a house. Most people are in tents or schools or other temporary shelters. Benya and her mom, dad, and baby brother were on the ground floor of this house, sharing that floor with about 20 relatives. There was one bedroom, she slept on a mattress on the floor alongside her parents. Brother, grandpa, uncle and aunt. Everyone else slept in the living area. If Penas wanted any time in the tiny bathroom. She got up early in the morning, then she ate breakfast. And then what? Today we play school games.


What does that mean? We're pretending that we're in a, in the school I was a student and one of my friends was the teacher. What classes were you taking? Math class. Okay. And did you write actual math or is it just pretend It was actual The plus and the minus and the equal. It was actual fun. It wasn't in a, in a game, not real. At this point. July Benya had not been in actual class, in an actual school building for nine months.


But she played school every day with three other girls, two younger and one older. There were other kids in the building, but everyone else was just okay. Or a boy or a baby. When aid organizations go into other war zones, one of the first things they do for kids is set up schools because children need a sense of routine and a sense that life is moving forward toward a future. There's no safe place in Gaza to set up schools like that. So Benya and her friends in the building created that for themselves. They played school for hours. There were lectures, there were assignments, there were exams. Who is usually in charge of what you're gonna do that day?


The girl that's older than me, her name is Donna. How old is Donna? She's 12 years old and she has a iPad. Donna is generous with her iPad. So this is another part of Ben's Day games on the iPad. When the war started, her mother's screen time rules went out the window, but also Israel cut off electricity to Gaza. There's just generators and solar panels, so screen time is limited. Anyway, And today I, we played a cafe game. Oh, a cafe. That's new. I Was the, I was the chef.


Yeah. And one of my friends was the customer. I cooked some salad and some, Say it one more time. I cooked salad and pancake and I made some hamburgers and some pizza. Penas was reenacting her old life where she had teachers and exams and went out to cafes. There was one they used to go to every Saturday. Yeah, it was really close. It was just in the next street in our house. Okay. Did they make salad and pancakes?


No, but I, I used to order some noodles and some hot chocolate. What did you eat in real life today? Today we have eat some beans, some white beans. Do you ever get to eat pancakes or noodles or burgers? I hate pancakes and noodles. You Do? Yes. Oh, Wow. Do you believe, do you believe some somebody, these, these things?


No, I do. They're So good, But I hate them. I was never sure what motivated Banyas to wanna talk to me. She seemed to like telling me about her day, practicing her English. She had an ongoing fascination with the time difference between us. She always wanted to check in on that. You're at morning or at night? It's the afternoon. It's just Afternoon. We're in the middle of the night. She'd call when she felt annoyed that Donna got to be the teacher that day. Yet again, I'm proud of being this children every day.


I'm the oldest. I should be the teacher And she'd call when she was bored, she'd call because I was an adult who would pay attention to her. Penas had to create activity, interest out of such little material. Sometimes I got the impression I was there to help with that. Like one night she was on the phone with me and another phone rang and like a character in a play. She went, oh look, the phone is ringing. Oh my God. Who's, who's ringing the phone? Get away, get lost. We, we have to sleep. You're pretty funny.


Bunya. Yes. I'm funny. That's Donna. Always say for me that I'm a bit funny. Really funny. Bunny. You are funny. Yes, I'm a funny bunny. So Benes had her own reasons to call me when I called her. It was for different reasons. I'd call her because I'd read about a bombing campaign or fighting near where she was. Was she okay. And what was she thinking about all the violence around her? What is this like for an 8-year-old in the middle of the summer, there was a series of intense airstrikes near Benya. I was curious if she'd heard them or seen them, but I also wanted to follow her lead and what she wanted to talk about.


Do you have some time to talk? Oh, yes, of course. I'm available. Great. I'm actually good. Yeah. Doing good. Last days we, we have heard a little of a, a bit of bombing around us. Yeah, it's, I've been reading in the news that there's been a lot of bombing. Yeah, I do know it was loud. Is it scary? No. For me, no. Me and my friends, we were, we were playing hide and seek.


We don't ever get bored of it. It's our favorite game when, when we're playing. Some strange things happens with us. I'll tell you then. Okay. I thought, here it is. She's about to tell me something big about what it's like to be a kid playing hide and seek with bombs going off nearby. Banyas told me, so we were playing and we ran to the backyard. When we run to the backyard, we see some, some insects in the back in the ground.


We said, we see some insects on the ground, and we, and me and the kids, we watched it. That's it. That's her whole story. That the strange thing that happened when they ran outside is they saw insects, a kind of insect they'd never seen before. Not the bombing bugs. Children are not known for their sense of scale or the longevity of their attention. And maybe it wasn't surprising that pretty much every time I asked about the war, Panas didn't really wanna engage. She didn't exactly ignore me, but it didn't seem to be the main thing she was thinking about.


Like, when an airstrike broke the windows in her house, she wanted to tell me about a prank she played on Donna in mid-August when ceasefire negotiations between Israel and Hamas seemed to be unraveling yet again. And all the adults I was talking to in Gaza were deeply dispirited. Here was Banyas. I think there will be a sea spider soon. You do? Why do you think that? Because it's really close to, and Why, why you say what gives you that idea?


Mom and dad tell me. I heard that Jan noting it. Discussion of the war over there was one moment when Benya was forced to engage. She couldn't avoid it. Bennie's family had been sheltering in Dabella for almost a year. When suddenly at the end of August, they got an evacuation order. Israel posted a map on social media designating certain blocks in Dabella, unsafe. And I saw that maam Bennie's mother had written something for Al Jazeera about the order. I'd hardly spoken to Maram for months, but I'd followed her reporting on bombings and food shortages.


This article though, was personal. She wrote about her confusion about what to do next. I've never felt so worthless as a human being. She wrote a single Facebook post from an Israeli military spokesperson can upend our lives in an instant. Have you ever felt like a toy being played with left and right, east and west, pushed from one place to another south to Hanes out of Rafa, back to Hanes, then to nra, only to be driven out again. People are literally running through the streets like mad clutching. What little they have left? We have nothing left. Our hearts are broken and our minds are frayed. I look around at the few possessions I've managed to gather over the past 10 months.


A stove cups, plates, pots, winter clothes, summer clothes, mattresses, blankets, batteries, light bulbs, big bottles of drinking water tubs to wash clothes in. If I leave everything, there's no way to replace it. There are no markets, no supplies, no money to spare. We're running and running aimlessly. People screaming, suffering and dying while the world watches end. And then my phone rang. Hello? Hello. Hi, banya? Yeah.


Do you wanna talk? Okay. Today. Today we, we have done a new thing. What'd you do? We have dropped some pictures. I imagine that there's a garden, that there's some people walking inside it. Stop. Okay. Let's, Okay. Oh, well, my friends were with me too, drawing, and one of my friends have, have, have a plane.


Like a war plane or a plane. You travel in Traveling. Okay. Do you ever draw anything about the war? No. Nothing at all. Why not? Because I really can't. Why? I feel mad. I feel mad of these things. I can't draw them, but, but I don't like we're playing a, he a helicopter and rockets.


I don't like, there's lots of things here. I feel mad. My friends always make me mad from things. Sometimes I don't, I don't want anybody to enter this room. Get out, mom. Okay. I'm sorry. Okay, let's continue. Okay. I was saying they always attack me. Your friends? Yeah. I was eager to ask Benjas about the news, the evacuation.


But what she wanted to talk about was a fight she had that day with another kid in the building. A girl es calls her the girl with the bad personality. That girl told es today that one of her pictures was no good. She is, she have a really bad person, Shirley. I said for her, are you looking for a fight in our language? And what did she say? Yes, I'm, and we fight it all day. What the most bad friend, Did she not know about the evacuation order? She must, right.


I didn't wanna scare her. I saw your mom wrote about people leaving their bella. Yes. Have you, but we will go to a white, to our relative. What what do you think about that? I think was a, a good idea. We're packing our clothes and our, wait for a minute. And we're packing also our mattresses and our money. Where will you sleep if you pack your mattress In, in a tent?


Our relatives live in a home, but we would make a a, a camp next to them. Okay. Have you ever lived in a tent? No. Are you? But I Wanna try. I think it'll be something creative. Are you scared to move, to leave your friends or to leave your house? I'm ready to leave them. You are. I, I'm, I'm not ready for more, for more fights. I wanna leave them today.


I told one of my friends that I, that I will leave, I've told everybody Was, is that sad? It was drama. Why? Because she is a drama girl. Don't leave. That's everything. Don't Leave this house. We want more fights. Penas was ready to leave because it meant she could get away from the girl with a bad personality. Almost a million kids in Gaza have made a move like this since Israel invaded many of them multiple times.


So it was interesting to hear how a child was thinking about it. Bens was ready to flee the home she lived in for 10 months at that point, to move into a tent because she got into a fight with an annoying girl that day. Because that is what just happened. And because Bens is eight, she's told me her friend Donna's leaving too. She, she's gonna but me. I'll go to the Aya. Me and my family. Yeah. Our relatives are there when the Israeli army.


We'll move. Just, You're not scared? No. Okay. And Let, Not a secret. You have to express yourself Number. What does your mom think is a secret? A family cigarette? No, no. I'll a I Hannah.


Hi. Hi. How are you? Good. No, no, no. Let that away. It that away. I was just So Crying that away. It's, it's don't. And she went into a, of feeling sad and feeling nervous.


Very afraid of what is going on. And I just surprisingly heard her saying that I'm not, I didn't feel afraid. Why? Why does she not wanna talk about that? And she's not saying that it's a secret. Like she doesn't wanna recall, you know, some horrific memories for her, or like she wants to, she got over the feeling of being afraid. When did she find out you were evacuating? Excuse me. I didn't cry. Didn't cry. She tell us. She she believes you. She believes you.


She believes you. I know. Like she, you are, you are, you're a brave girl. Like, you can get over anything, but I'm, I'm telling you benya, it's not a shame. It's not a shameful thing to feel afraid that you're scared and you're afraid of like, something like this. Yeah. So, right. It's, it's normal. It you should be scared. Yeah. This is very normal. And do what I can. Okay. Mama, you halas you're afraid to, to, to say what you, what what you want. But I wanted just to look to, to clarify this point for you were crying like, like crazy, you know, upon hearing the news and I'm telling her like, I, I totally understand her feelings.


When Did that happen, maam? When did you tell her? It's just crazy. Less than two hours ago. Oh wow. Just recently. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Very recent, you know, very recent. When got the news suddenly, like you can, I was, I, I was really nothing when I, when I heard her, you know, trying to show a perfectionist reaction and like, so positive. She was very positive. But it was totally the opposite. You know, just a few, like two hours, less than two hours. She was hiding behind the curtain, the, the curtain crying and like crazy.


And, and she continued this cycle. And then we find it really hard. I almost couldn't bear hearing this. Ben's visceral, immediate panic was so uncomfortable hearing her mother pierce the carefully constructed artifice she'd presented to me, and it was disorienting. It made me think of all the things I didn't know. Does she wanna talk again? Yeah. Yeah. She's home. She's here. Okay. Come and kill me. Hello. Hi, EZ. Hi. Hi. How come you didn't want me to know that you were upset?


I'm not upset. You're not upset. Do you wanna talk about that or no? Yet what? Not yet. Is there anything else you wanna tell me about how you're doing? I'm already so sleepy. Yeah, it's late. So I hope you have an easy night, Ben. Yes. I hope so. An incomplete list of things Banyas does not have control over.


Can she go home? No. Is there food not enough? Is there school? No. Is there safety here? No. Banyas lives in what has become the most dangerous place in the world to be a child. Disease in Gaza is widespread. Children face acute malnutrition. Kids are getting horrible skin infections. Polio has reappeared in a 10 month old baby. Children are losing their limbs, their parents, and they are being killed constantly. More than 13,000 children have been killed so far, including at least 710 babies.


Some of them born and then killed since the war began. Maam told me Benya has seen dead children. She's seen their small bodies wrapped in white cloth by the hospital. I asked maam later, what do you think Bunyas gets out of talking to me? She told me you're a bubble for her every time you call. She treats it like an important meeting. Tries to find a private space away from all of us. Everyone around Bunyas is in the midst of this chaos. She said, you're not here, you're not experiencing any of this. Benya was telling me a version of life where she has ultimate authority, where she gets to be The Narrator.


Who doesn't want that? I was coming to her to understand the war, but she was coming to me to not talk about the war until one day she did. That's coming up from Chicago Public Radio. When our program continues,


Support for This American Life comes from Squarespace, the all-in-one website platform with features to help you start a fully custom on-brand website, use squarespace's latest AI enhanced website builder Blueprint ai. It can transform basic information about your brand or business into an elevated online presence with curated premium quality content automatically added and matched to your profile and aesthetic. Head to Squarespace dot com slash American for 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


This message comes from Midi Health. Women in midlife face a healthcare desert, but Midi is here to fill the gap, offering expert care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance, hot flashes, insomnia, brain fog, weight gain, and moodiness. Don't have to be accepted as just another part of aging. Midi clinicians understand how these symptoms can connect to menopause and prescribe a wide range of solutions. Book your visit today at join Midi dot com. That's join MID i.com.


It's This American Life Han Jal sitting in for Ira Glass. Our show today, The Narrator, an eight year old in Gaza, tells us about her life in the middle of a war. This war started in 2023. Hamas attacked Israel, killed about 1200 people and took 251 people hostage. Since then, Israel has launched a 14 month ground invasion and bombing campaign in Gaza. More than 44,000 Palestinians have been killed, and more than 13,000 of those dead are children. Penas and her family never moved into a tent. After the Israeli army issued that evacuation order for Rabah, her parents agonized over when and if they should flee for days, the dangers of moving into a tent could be worse than tanks outside their house.


They decided to stay put. It was early October. The family was coming up on a year of war and displacement and Benya had an announcement. The war stopped. The war stopped. Dino, the war stopped Yesterday. There was no bombing or fighting? No. Ever. Never. Why the worst out? Whatcha Talking About? Because our house was bombed. Your house was bombed. Yeah. Just kidding.


But whatcha doing To me. But there was good news yesterday. Yesterday. Tonight it was, we, we had a party. There was very, very good news. What was the good news? Oh, we have killed all of them. What do you mean? Who, who did you kill? All of I, not all of them. Thousands and thousands and thousands of them, but I can't remember.


You're talking about the Israelis? Yes. Yes. Thousands and thousands. We killed thousands thousand thousands. I realized as we were talking, this was October 2nd, the day before Iran had launched 180 missiles at Israel. That was, Yes. That was yesterday. Yesterday we had a party for that. We, we drink coffee, make juice. Yes. What's mean? That we had a, that means we had a good time in Arabic.


You're talking about the missiles yesterday to the Israelis. Yes. How did you feel about, about that? It was, oh, whoa. It was very good. This threw me hearing Bennis talk about killing Israelis. No Israelis were killed from these missiles. One Palestinian man was near Jericho. It's one of those empty truisms about war that kids in a war learn to hate the other side. A true thing about war that also can feel a little abstract, but here it was showing up randomly folded into the rest of Ben's narration to her playing with me, messing with me.


That the home she was sheltering in was bombed, which it could have been, but wasn't. I asked maam if I could talk with her about this day. Told her what Azza told me. What was happening that day. Yeah. I actually, on that day, it, it, it was a huge surprise actually. Suddenly we were at home and we heard the sounds of cheer and people around us cheating and chanting. The, the internet was cut. And I I, I thought from the first assistance that there was a ceasefire or something like this, the word ended, you know, so people around us start to say that Iran is bombing Israel right now, and we could see the lights of the Messiahs being sent to Israel on the sky and people around us are just cheating and celebrating clapping.


I was in emotion. I was very emotional. I really cried. I felt like, oh my God. Really? Someone who's trying just to stop Israel and to say that by, by the missiles and by the rockets, the same language that Israel understands and uses and, and Gaza throughout the year. Were you celebrating? Was were you guys celebrating? I did. Then we were just like excited we stayed home because maybe miss science could be, could drop by mistake on us. We're just trying to follow up the news.


Maram told me she does not tell Benya to hate Israel or celebrate when Israel is attacked. Benjas dad, she says, also doesn't do this. But maam was not surprised to hear Benya was saying this. She remembers feeling the same way when she was a kid growing up in Gaza. Maam was 10 years old when she first experienced Israeli bombing after the second Ada broke out. She remembers crying when she saw her first dead body and collapsing when she saw footage of a 12-year-old Palestinian kid Muhammad Ald killed while hiding next to his father. Penas was born in 2016. Her first war was when she was four years old.


I totally understand that. She herself, as a Palestinian kid, she views Israel as an, an enemy. An enemy that bombed, that bombs us, that killed, that kills us, that targets us. There's something I've been thinking about When it comes to kids in wars, but kids in Gaza in particular, it's something a psychologist told me, Dr. Iman Ferla, who studies the effect of war and occupation on Palestinian kids.


She told me it really gets under her skin. When people at the UN or healthcare professionals or whatever, say kids in Gaza are suffering from PTSD. Post-traumatic stress means the traumatic event is over for kids in Gaza, the trauma is continuous. There is no post, there's no opportunity for recovery. Instead, there is just coping. Dr. Gel says, you'll see kids cope in all different ways. Some kids act out, some can't leave their parents' side. Other kids get obsessed with soccer or drawing, or children try to shape their world in other ways.


For instance, maam told me when Banyas was six years old, there was an Israeli military operation in Gaza, lots of fighting and Banyas was sitting on the window watching ambulances rush people to the hospital blowing bubbles out the window. Maam asked her, what are you doing? And Beya said, I'm trying to change the mood. I know Beya, she has an optimistic one. She's someone who's positive and, and she doesn't even want to share her negative thoughts with others. Even when she's fearful, like, this is my space. Beas, please go away. I'm, I'm talking. She's someone who loves life and loves to play and loves to, It's almost like she's like willing it, she's willing, she's using all of her force to will life into being easier than it is.


Yeah. Yeah. And, and yeah. And, and she, she was, she always trying to change the mood for the people to, to make them feel optimistic. Hi. Hi Ez. Hi. Hi, Hannah. How are you? That was basically the end of my conversation with maam as she did the first time around. Es decided it was time for us to move on. Know my calls with Es have grown more infrequent. The last time she called, I was in my office heading into a meeting. I was gonna just say a quick hello. Make sure she was okay. Hello.


Hi, EZ. How are you? Hi. Are you calling me on video? Yes. I, I'm Okay. Hang on. Let's see. Okay. You're there. You're Hi. Hi. Is this, I'm watching a film. Do you wanna see It's called Home Alone. I do You do you know it? I do. I love it. But you like to watch with me. Would you like to watch? I Paused. Looked at my watch, saw my coworkers heading to the meeting room. Meeting. What? And decided to go ahead with her agenda.


Let's, let's see it together. Okay. For a few minutes. Oh, Oh my God. I wanna cover myself. It's so cold here. Oh, oh, cute. Oh my God. I'm here. Okay. She's under the covers with her phone and her laptop in purple Pajamas. She's sitting on her mattress on the floor and she's pointing the phone at her screen so we can watch together. I'm covering myself in the tent. Oh, here, do you see? Yeah, I can see. Oh. Oh my God.


Of course. Penas is a vocal movie watcher. Hey. She has a running commentary on the characters repeats English words that are new to her. Explains the movie. He's no skating on the ice. They leave him alone, but, but he is happy. Happy. Would you be happy if that happened? Yes, I'm free. You would? I'll shout in the whole I'm free. I'm free. We're the bandits sick? You know that really, really silly.


That's a sick thing to do. Macauley Kin, who I'd forgotten is also eight years old in this movie, is walking home, crosses a driveway just as the two burglars Joe Peci and the other guy pull out in their van screech to a halt and Culkin does his blonde surprise face. That's so funny. Hey, hey. You wanna watch out, son? You know, sorry, Sandy, don't visit the funeral home little buddy. Okay. Okay. Merry SI do like the Christmas design.


I like this movie. And when they travel to New York. Oh, where do you live? I live in New York. That's where I live In New in in New New York. Yes. Kevin's family travels there. Last time you live in New York? I do. Oh, I wanna tell you something. What about this, the statue That's, you have The Statue of Liberty. Yes. It's in, in New York. Yeah. You see it? I wanna see It. Yeah. I don't see it right now, but I see it. I see it pretty often. When you Are out of your house.


Yeah. You See it? Yeah. When I go, oh yeah. When I go to work sometimes I can see it. Oh, I wanna go to work with you to see it. I love to The houses there in that part of the movie, does it look anything like Gaza? No. How is it different? No. Gaza is is more beautiful Even now. Yes, even now. And every time. Two days earlier, Israeli airstrikes hit Alexa Hospital in drab Bella, right near Banyas apartment.


The hospital was surrounded by tents filled with displaced people sleeping. The airstrikes caused a fire that ripped through those tents. I'd seen maam sharing images and videos of people sleeping in the tents burned alive. I wondered if Benjas had seen those images, but I didn't ask. Instead, we watched this Christmas movie. We watched Kevin trick the burglars into thinking his family is home by staging a fake party in his house. Oh my God. What's that? Any war is a series of plot points.


Even in an ongoing war, a never ending and no longer new War. We track its progress by the worst moments. I kept calling Benya with this expectation, waiting for the story of the war as I was understanding it, to somehow intersect with her life as she was experiencing it. I kept imagining, dreading that one of those moments will break through. That something bad will happen to Bunyas. One of those horrible plot points will become her plot point. But something bad is happening to Bunyas. This is the plot point for her. She's sitting under the covers with no electricity, no heat, winter approaching.


Benes has not been in school for over a year. She has no home. She has a cough and there is no medicine. Her friends have scattered. Some of them are dead. Her relatives are all over. Some of them are dead. She's eating canned beans instead of burgers. She's finding glass in her brother's head. This is her life. This is the story she has to narrate. Do you wanna see where he'll go? I didn't know exactly where her will go. Church. He's hiding. He is Hiding. Okay, I'm gonna go. Oh, do you wanna leave?


I wanna continue this movie and then go to sleep. Okay. Sleep well. I'll talk to you soon. Where are you? Are you still here? I'm here. Hello. Hello. I'm here. Are You still here? Yes, I am. We have a couple minutes left in this episode and I have a small update. Recently, Ben's family moved not far an apartment a couple miles from Dar Bella where they've been staying.


The new place is less crowded. There's more privacy for her family. It has trees outside and a refrigerator that doesn't work. But still the apartment is quiet, temporary and it's not home. Benya knows she can't go home to the north of Gaza where she's from. She knows her home was destroyed. She's seen pictures of her neighborhood exploded on fire and she's seen video of the empty space where her house was, the small mountains of rubble, the gray couch with yellow cushions that she sat on after school. The chandelier, her mother chose the mirror by the door, the teacups and trays filled with treats.


Her new reimagined, big girl bedroom with an Elsa bedspread. Her desk, the pink moon, they hung on the ceiling. All of that is somewhere in that pile of rubble. All of that is there in the north of Gaza, their life, but the north of Gaza has been transformed. There were about a million people living in Northern Gaza when the war started over 270,000 homes. Everyone was told to leave to go south. Most people did. And now those people are separated from the north of Gaza by a wide militarized zone that they cannot cross. Israel has been building and fortifying this military zone for the last few months.


It cuts right across Gaza splits Gaza in two, completely separating the north of Gaza, where Banyas is from, from the south of Gaza, where she's been displaced to. This military zone is called the Netzer Corridor. It has a constant military presence, and it's big around 20 square miles. It takes up more than 12% of the entire territory of Gaza in order to build it. Israel cleared out a wide stretch of land, demolished hundreds of buildings from the Israeli border all the way to the ocean. And in that space, Israel installed checkpoints and paved roads and flags and waterlines and cell phone towers.


It looks like something you'd put in place if you're planning to stay a while. A former chief of staff of the Israeli military has called the emptying out of the north of Gaza and ethnic cleansing. He said, quote, the land is being cleared of Arabs Human rights watch. Oxfam Amnesty International have all called what is happening in Gaza and ethnic cleansing or a genocide. Israel denies this, and the Israeli military sent me a statement calling the charge of ethnic cleansing entirely baseless. It says it's working to dismantle Hamas' military infrastructure and is adhering to its obligations under international law.


The people who remained in the north and never left are under siege with increasingly limited food and medical care. The UN says children are quote, as ever, the first and most to suffer. So this latest move for Ben's parents, it feels like a new phase. It's a move from, I can't believe it's gone on this long to this is gonna keep going on for Benya. It's more of the same, more temporary, more displacement. Displacement that looks pretty likely to last most if not all, of her childhood.


I asked Penas if there was a song she thought we should use at the end of the show. This is what she suggested. She says she danced to the song at her uncle's wedding two days before the war started and has not stopped listening to it since. Barbie. Let's go party. Today's episode was produced by Valerie Kipnis and edited by Laura Starches. The people who put together today's show are Jen Bonds, Sean Cole, Michael Comte, Henry Larson, Catherine Raimondo, STO Nelson, Nadia, Raymond, Anthony, Roman, Ryan Rumery, Francis Swanson, Christopher Spa, Matt Tierney, Nancy Dyke, Julie Whitaker, and Diane Wu.


Our managing editor is Ada Abdurahman, our senior editor, David Kestenbaum, executive editor, Emmanuel Berry. Welcome to the world, Elias Berryman Chase. Special thanks this week to Hanni Ley, Bethel Hae Nabil Chaat, Mona Chalabi, Rachel Lisi, Rebecca Vital Dela Claire Garon and and Becky Smith With Save the Children, Shana Lowe and Camilla Loie with the Norwegian Refugee Council. Tanya Hari with Geisha Amy Walters and the wonderful Al Jazeera podcast. The take Corey Short with the City University of New York, Jamon Vanden Hook with Oregon State University and the UN Satellite Center. Dr. Iman Farah's book that focuses on the experiences of children in Gaza in particular is called My Life is a War.


This American Life is delivered to public radio stations by PRX, the public radio exchange to become of This American Life partner, which gets you bonus content, ad free listening, and hundreds of our favorite episodes of the show. Right in your podcast feed. Go to This American Life dot org slash life partners. That link is also in the show notes. I'm Hana Jaffe. Walt Ira will be back next week with more stories of This American Life. You, you play your you can, you can play.


I'm your, So this whole episode of the show is all conversations with you and, okay, That's great. I'm I will be the star of Gaza. I'll be a star. I'll be a star. By the way, the Mushroom two want to be the mushroom star of the of Gaza. Mushroom Is joining us in the conversation. Hi mushroom. Hi Hannah. I'm joining you to the conversation. Do you want the mushroom star start? Come on Barbie.


Let's go party. Come on Barbie. Let's go party. Come on Barbie. Let's go party. Come on Barbie. Let's go party. Oh, I'm having so much fun. Well, Bobby, we're just getting started. Oh, I love you, Ken. Next look on the podcast of This American Life in Lily's family. There's a story everybody knows by heart. How many Times do you think you've heard this story? 50, A hundred many times. If this story had never happened, all of Us wouldn't be here right now. Sammy wouldn't be here, Tina, Nana wouldn't be here. Marian wouldn't be here.


Wally wouldn't be here. Anyone that we know wouldn't be here. So what happens when Lily's mom tells her the story's not true? Next week on the podcast, we're in your local public radio station.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses? At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@warbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.