
Support for This American Life comes from Squarespace, the all-in-one website platform with features to help you start a fully custom on-brand website, use squarespace's latest AI enhanced website builder Blueprint ai. It can transform basic information about your brand or business into an elevated online presence with curated premium quality content automatically added and matched to your profile and aesthetic. Head to squarespace.com/american for 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


A quick warning, there are curse words that are un beeped in today s episode of the show. If you prefer a beeped version, you can find that at our website, This American Life dot org. This is not a setting where Chris was used to learning anything important, much less having his whole world rocked by something. Somebody said he was 15 in health class in San Juan Capistrano, California, as Chris remembers it, it was the beginning of the period, class was just beginning to settle down. The teacher was also the school's basketball coach. You know, in my memory, he's sort of this standard issue. I don't know, tallish white guy coach with like neatly parted brown hair and You know, the bell Rings class is supposed to start and we're all just, You know, talking over him, not listening and he's trying to get class started and I think he's getting understandably a little annoyed.


And then at, at 1.1 of the girls said loudly, like, we're all gonna be friends forever. And then he gets our attention and said something like, You know, just for your information, you're not gonna all stay friends forever. And let me tell you a little bit about like how friendships work. He says like, in a couple of years, You know, high school's gonna end and you're gonna all scatter to different jobs or colleges and you're gonna start falling out of touch with each other. And eventually you're not gonna talk to most of any of these other people.


And now you might, I remember him. Can we just pause? That is such it's it's real. It's very true. But like, what a funny thing to say to a bunch of kids. Yeah. It's like suddenly he had our full attention, But then the teacher kept going. He wasn't done. He got very specific and said, okay, you might stay in touch with a few friends from high school. He said like, well then you're gonna get into your thirties and your forties and it'll be harder. You know, you'll be working and then, You know, some of you might get married and your free time, a lot of that should go towards your spouse.


And if you have kids, oh, like whatever little free time you have left like that, that'll go to the kids. And finally he said like, the only friends you're gonna be left with are the parents of whatever kid, your little toddler or whatever, randomly sidles up to because they both like the same part of the playground. Like that person, that parent that's gonna be your friend That is a very thorough and vivid and not unaccurate, like picture of the future that it's amazing that he went into that much detail. Yes. By then we were like, I remember a sort of like stunned silence at that point and, and maybe there's like one person who said like, no, or like, no, he's wrong or we're gonna stay friends or something.


And then the class and then the class began and I don't, I don't remember anything else from that day Because It is actually one of the producers on our show, Chris Bed Dere. And He says he remembers the other kids in class kind of shrugging this off. Like, yeah, whatever. But he couldn't Did you think it was true? I absolutely, I thought that he, I I I remember thinking, oh no, I hope that he's wrong, but it sounds like he's right. That's what I remember thinking. It had the air of truth. Like partly because it was so specific, the playground detail, especially Before this moment, Chris hadn't bothered picturing what the future was gonna be like very much.


He had a vague sense that things were gonna get better and better. But now thanks to this random speech by this otherwise forgotten teacher, he realize the future he was facing, it's Gonna get tedious and small and narrow and boring because like when you're in high school, like what is better than hanging out with your friends, right? Like that was the best thing you could do. And so you're gonna have less and less of that and this tiny world where you don't even get to pick your friends. I don't know. That just seemed very sad at the time and scary a little bit.


In fact, his senior year approached, his graduation day, approached Chris says that this tiny two minute speech by this teacher totally colored how he was seeing it. He loved his friends. I was scared of the end of high school in a way that I think most 18 year olds aren't it? It seemed like this was gonna be the beginning of the end. And so I became very kind of nostalgic and also fearful. Like, You know, a, a doomsday clock or something was running down. Chris actually tracked on the health teacher recently and of course he had no memory of making that speech though he said it was exactly the kind of thing that he might have said.


And in fact he did remember saying it at some point to his own kids. This teacher said that he would like to believe that he meant it in a kind of nice cherish these special times sort of way. And he was horrified at the thought that this made Chris or any other kid feel bad for the rest of high school. But it just goes to show you that somebody can say something off the cuff that can accidentally turn somebody else's world completely upside down. We asked listeners if they ever experienced this and hundreds responded some of the sentences that were said casually to them that later alone they've obsessed over. It's not your glasses that aren't even, it's your face. You must have been surrounded by some pretty insensitive people growing up.


No, no. You're the only circumcised one in the family. And one last one said by a childhood acquaintance and a funeral. And Jenny, little Jenny, you're the one that nobody liked. In Chris's case, the teacher's comment obviously stayed with him. How old are you now? I am 38. And how many friends from high school are you in touch with? I a a few. A few. Count. Three or four. Three or four. And really only one that I see regularly. So the guy was right? Yes, he was absolutely right. He a hundred.


He fully predicted my future These days. Chris is married one child. In fact my, the only friends I've made recently are the parents of the other kids who were in my son's daycare. Yeah. And in fact, now that you are married and have children, is your life tedious and narrow and boring? In some ways it is, but I like it. I really like it. I obviously like spending time with my kid and my wife and like the people I made friends with that are the parents of the kids randomly assigned to my kids' daycare class.


Yeah, they're delightful Fall. But a day on my program. If You Want to Destroy My Sweater, Hold This Thread as I Walk Away, we have stories about the things that people say that unravel your world. Turn it upside down, shake it like a snow globe. Pick your own metaphor for this. Some of these offhand things that people say are completely accurate, others are the exact opposite. And it can be really hard sometimes to tell which is which. We have real life case examples, including somebody who thinks his life was completely upended after a single brief real life encounter with Weezer From WB E Z Chicago. It's This American Life America Glass.


Stay with us.


Support for This American Life comes from Charles Schwab with their original podcast Choice, hosted by Katie Milkman, an award-winning behavioral scientist and author of the bestselling book. How to Change Choice is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Hear true stories from Nobel laureates, historians, authors, athletes, and more about why people do the things they do. Download the latest episode and subscribe at schwab.com/podcast or wherever you listen.


This message comes from Apple Card, searching for a hassle-free way to help you grow your savings. Then look no further than the high yield savings account. You can open through Apple Card. Apply for Apple card in the wallet app today and see a credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more@applecard.com


On the embedded podcast. No, it's called Denying Us Speed him of speech. It's misinformation. Like so many Americans, my dad has gotten swept up in conspiracy theories. These Are not conspiracy theories, these are reality. I spent the year following him down the rabbit hole trying to get him back. Listen to alternate realities on the embedded podcast from NPR. All episodes available now. Thiss, American Life Act One. The world has turned and left me here. So let's kick off the show about people saying things that unravel your picture of the world with this from Lily Sullivan. In my family, there's a story the Kanye family never forgets.


It's about a hitchhiker. It happened decades ago. In 1974, there were three women in a car. My aunts Monita, her daughter and their cousin Manita was driving And I was going in my car. And then here I saw him hitchhiking like this, holding His finger in the air. Manita is now 96 and her daughter in the car. Anita remembers more of the details. So I'm gonna let Anita tell a lot of this. She was a kid at the time, 10 years old. For me, it was such a shocking event. It permeated every cell of my being. Meaning like, I just remember it all very clearly.


We were in the car, my mother was driving and she was always impeccably dressed if she was going out. And it was raining that day. My mother exited the freeway and she spotted this young man hitchhiking. He was tall and lanky and he had long blonde, dirty, blonde hair. Well 'cause it was wet, it was raining, You know? And his beard was just like down to his chest. And he had his shirt inside out and Miss Buttoned. And she said, oh, he has such kind eyes. And I was like, You know, he doesn't, you can't see his eyes.


It's raining. And she said, I was not afraid of him, But she was. Yeah, Anita was scared because they were in Northern California and there were serial killers, a few of them around there in the seventies. Even at 10, Anita knew this. All three women in the car were small, all under five feet. Anita in the front seat. Their cousin Cecilia in the back again, here's Anita. And then of course I was protesting loudly. Don't stop the car. And Cecilia even said, no, Manita, don't do it. Don't do it. Manita stopped. Anyway, the man came through the window and He had to talk through the passenger side window where I was sitting and kind of like freaking out that he was in my face.


Now Anita remembers sitting stock, still staring straight ahead, afraid to make eye contact as a stranger. Somehow talked them into letting him into the car. And my mother didn't speak very good English. Neither did Cecilia, but guess who did speak Spanish. Serial killer looking white guy. Turns out fluent in Spanish. The hitchhiker lumbered into the backseat next to Cecilia. Cecilia had only been in the country a few weeks at that point and was like, what on Earth. She was 26. And Cecilia, You know, she was all dressed pri and proper and, and she even had little white gloves on.


And he had a booming personality to match a booming voice. He had a great voice. He got in the car and everybody calmed down when we heard him speak to Cecilia so kindly. And they, my mother introduced them and, and she pointed out that, You know, she had just come, Cecilia had just come to the US from Peru. And this is how the story started. Their life changed. Our lives changed. It was like a meteor hitting the earth when we met Brian. Brian, that was a Hitchhiker's name, which I know because that guy's my dad, Cecilia, that's my mom.


And this story, it's a story of how our family came to be their legendary first meeting. It was followed by a similarly legendary first date. My mom's sister and cousin dressed her up in their own clothes. White bell bottoms, white platform heels. My dad showed up in a poncho and he took her hiking in the Redwood forest where it rained. He ended up carrying her so that she wouldn't ruin the shoes she'd borrowed. Two weeks later they eloped headed off to Reno, but ended up stopping in a random town nearby where marriage licenses were $5 cheaper.


They got married at 7:00 AM on Christmas Eve. Anita remembers them coming home after with their marriage license. I can remember even the knock on the door and I ran to open it. And there they were standing there. I yelled at my mom that they were here and she came running and Her mom manita, She welcomed them in. And I don't know what happened next, but they came back married and they loved each other till the end. Wow. Yeah. That's so cool. It's a good story. It's like, it's such a good story. Like I said, legendary. This story is the bedrock foundation of how I see my parents, especially my dad.


I picture him at 26, his miss button shirt, catching rides through the west coast alone. This big white guy from Detroit climbing into this car full of immigrants, just exuberant and thinking, wow, I'm gonna marry this lady. And I picture my mom at 26, having just arrived in the country, self-contained, determined, seeing this weirdo and deciding, yes, him. When you enter the family, this is pretty much the one story we make you memorize. And then you could be a citizen of the family. Here's my brother-in-law. Lars. How many times do you think you've heard this story? Oh, I don't know. Many times.


50, a hundred many times. And the meaning of this story has always been clear. If they didn't pick him up, we would. All of us wouldn't be here right now. Yeah, Here I am with my niece and nephews. I wouldn't be here. And you wouldn't be here. Your mom wouldn't be here. And Sammy wouldn't be here. Sammy Wouldn't Be here. Tina don't, wouldn't be here. Marianne wouldn't be here. Wally wouldn't be here. Anyone that we know wouldn't be here. Why not? Well, we wouldn't be here to know them. There's something predestined about it.


This is such an important story. I thought, You know what, I wanna visit the spot where the meteor struck. My dad died 10 years ago. I miss him always. And he doesn't have a grave. He insisted on cremation by quote. The cheapest means possible. He didn't like fancy things. And I also think that he didn't wanna be a burden. Anyway, what? I wanna remember him. There's not like a location I can go to. I can't like put flowers by a tombstone. So how about this place, this legendary spot where he climbed into a car and her family began. So, can't be hard.


So where was it? Anita says, it was by the freeway exit by our house. Manita says it was an on ramp heading downtown, but they're not definitive about it. So I went to the third person in the car that day, my mom. And she says, sure, I know exactly where it was. And then she starts to tell me this story. I remember, what I remember is that we were walking down the walking to the car and Brian said, Ola, Brian, my dad. And man said, Ola, Ola. We all say Ola. You saw him when he was walking? Yes. He was walking to go to the bus stop.


The bus stop. He was taking the Bus. This is not the story I'd always heard in my mom's version. They weren't in a car. She and Manita were walking down the street that just left the Jackson's house. The Jacksons where a family where my Tia Manita worked as a cook. She says it was a beautiful day, not raining at all. And most importantly, dad wasn't hitchhiking. Was he like holding up a sign or something saying he wanted a Ride? No, Because the story's always been hitchhiking. No Wait, mom. But your story, an Anita's story is completely different.


She remembers it clearly. Yeah. That was walking to stop. Then why does she remember this other story? I don't know. From my mom's point of view. View, this is especially mysterious because she's quite certain that Anita wasn't there. Not in a car, not on the street, not there for this moment at all. I don't think Anita was. Anita remembers it. I don't think she was. No, no, no. Okay. This Kind of knocked me over. The hitchhiking story, as I've said, is the origin story of my family.


My mom's had a private version of it for 50 years that she's kept to herself during the many, many conversations where we tell it. When my dad died 10 years ago, we wrote about this story in his obituary, like printed it in our local newspaper. We ran that obituary by my mom. She didn't think it was worth correcting. Dad was the memory keeper of our family. A big hearted, big brain guy who held onto everything that happened. Who had chickenpox versus as a kid, Natalie, he'd say, what was the name of that iguana that we had that died Mari iguana. He'd say he would absolutely know exactly where this happened.


And the thought that he is not here to tell us, it makes him feel so gone. Like we had a favorite photo of him and we have no idea where it is anymore. When my dad died, it was sudden and it devastated me. As time passes, we've lost so much of him. His clothes have lost. His smell of wool and sawdust and too much tide. Laundry detergent and this, it was like losing a big piece of him again, because in his absence and in our negligence, we simply forgot to remember unforgivable. I had to fix this.


I had to get to the truth. I forced the three of them, monita, Anita, and my mom to sit down together to try to work this out. Come to some agreement about what happened and where Anita is stunned to hear that my mom and Monita don't think she was in the car. So yeah, my story's not gonna change. I was in the car. I was in the front seat. You were in the back seat. Mom turns to me. I don't remember never any being around. She tells the others they weren't even in a car.


But Manulita, you remember him hitchhiking and you were driving and you pulled over, right? Oh Yeah. Of course. That's why I I I pick him up. Yeah. She remembers walking. That you all were walking. No, we were not walking. We were walking too. Oh yeah. I was driving. Yeah, I was driving. Yeah. Hitchhiking. He was hitchhiking. This went nowhere. And the fact that we've been telling this hitchhiking story for 50 years, and my mom's never mentioned that. She thinks it's complete bullshit. I have to say that's very much like my mom. She's eminently capable of keeping her thoughts and feelings to herself.


She has feelings, obviously, but she shows love in concrete ways. An unasked for plate of fruit, a bowl of soup. She'd gimme her kidney or hide a body for me, no questions asked. But sitting around gabbing about feelings, not her thing. She finds that trying. She'll either roll her eyes or blurt out something explosive and walk away or clam up. Here's us in the car, Mom. So, but, but I just, is it interesting to you that you have one memory and other people have a different memory? Is it interesting? I know that stories are like that.


I know, I know. But is it interesting? I wanna talk about the feelings of it. That's good. Yeah. That's how we met. Yeah. But what's it, what's it like? How do you feel? Nothing. It's okay. She gets impatient. She dodges in response. I get impatient with her about everything. I compulsively nitpick everything she does. Can you put your bag in back? Because the noise, it's too much noise. Yeah. Rustling that bag makes noise that gets on the mic. I tell her, so does your beaded necklace. Could You take off your necklace? Yeah.


Rather than engage with me, she whips out her little pot of Mary Kay cold cream and starts stabbing it on her cheeks and forehead. This will finish my face, my hand focus. Okay. Okay. Can you just put the cream on after we go? Okay. No, it's okay. It's going on. You can't be messing with it as we drive. Okay. I'm a nightmare. She lets it go. She's a good mom. Of course. The day my parents met, there was one other person there.


My dad, I'd interviewed him in 2010 years before he died, before he even got sick. I've never been able to bring myself to listen to that recording. Just too hard. So I had no memory of what we talked about that day. But I had a hunch that if I'd done an interview with him, I would've asked him to tell me this story. I had no idea where this interview was, but I'd given him a copy and I knew he would've kept it. The week I talked to my mom, I spent hours digging through old file cabinets and boxes in the garage. I finally found it one night at 2:00 AM I threw on all the lights, ran into bed and listened immediately.


Okay. How did you meet mom? I was hitchhiking on Rio Delmar Boulevard and Manita picked me up and I believe Anita was in the car too. Oh my God. Of course he has all the answers. Anita said, no, don't add, don't even think of stopping for this guy. And said he's cute. And, and that's how I met your mom. What kind of car were they driving? Huge. A a Lincoln Continental. Yeah. It was. I mean, it was like a Star Wars machine. You know, the, the front of it go went by and then five minutes later the rear of it went by.


It was huge. Biggest car in the world. Manita is the smallest person in the world to driving. Yeah. And what did you think when you got in the car? I said, Don, he's a cutie. That's the first thing you thought when you got in the car. Of course. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You weren't like, who are these tiny ladies picking up a huge, like, I, I didn't know. I, You know, I didn't know what I was getting into. Oh, Why did you think she was cute? She was very self-confident and Oh, really? Well, You know, your mom, she's nothing if not self-confident.


Yeah, she's smart. Yeah, she's really smart. Really smart. So they picked you up on Rio DeMar in front of what? Like what, what would it be there today? Same. It hasn't changed. Rio Riomar and right by that bridge, You know the bridge on Rio DeMar Boulevard? The one by like The little bridge, it goes across that little ravine there. Oh, right there. Yeah. Right there. And so then what happened in the car? When did you get out? They invited me over to dinner. Mine wa Letha did. Did. So I went over to dinner. Anita was against this, Very much against this.


And then did you ask mom out? Either that or Manulita asked us both. I think Manuta asked us both out. She said, when are you, when are you coming to take her out? Something like that. What did you say? I said, oh, I don't know Tamara. She goes, okay, This recording is from 14 years ago. I haven't really heard his voice in 10 years since he died. I hadn't forgotten, but I sort of had forgotten how much fun we had just talking to each other. And my dad told the same story as Anita and Manita.


This story my dad tells about their meeting. It was not news to my mom. She says, yeah, we always disagreed about that. Of course he said that he's got it wrong. Always has. I remember we argue a lot when we told people how we met. People laugh 'cause he wanna say one thing. I wanna say another thing, but I thought a lot about why my mom prefers her version where he's walking to a bus stop and not hitchhiking. And the main thing I keep thinking about is in my dad's version, my mom's people make the first move. Their meeting is kind of random, a split second fluke. But in the version my mom likes, everyone's on foot on this rainless beautiful day.


And my dad sees them and approaches. He makes the first move, which is maybe more romantic. Everyone wants to be chosen. I run my hypothesis by her, which kind of blinks at me blankly, slightly impatient, nothing. The day after I found that interview with my dad, I woke up early and the mismatched memories, it all started clicking together. Okay, this is just me in my room. It's Wednesday last night I listened to that recording and dad said it was in Riomar right by the bridge.


So I think, I think I just figured it out. I think their car was parked on the street a little ways from the Jackson's house and they had to walk to the car from the house. So my mom remembers that walk. And then they got in and had just started driving when they hit that bridge and saw my dad, that's like a block away from the Jackson's. No time at all. Easy for my mom to forget. And there he stood, not at a bus stop, but hitchhiking. Okay. Walked. Here's me explaining my theory to my mom got in and you had barely gotten in the car. You went around the corner and dad was right there.


We drove around the corner Maybe because what dad said. And dad has a really good memory, You know? Yeah. Oh yeah, I know. But what I think might have happened is, mom, your feet, can you stop? Yeah. I think you guys might have just gotten in the car. Barely driven. And then he was right there. Yeah, I think so. I think, I think that's where it is. You think that sounds right? I think it sounds right. Yeah. That's, that's how I remember not much driving. Yeah. Do you wanna go drive and see where he said, Let's go look at Yeah. Close by. Yeah. We drive to the spot.


My dad said, you remember Rio DeMar? And right by that bridge, the little bridge, it goes across that little ravine. The Jackson house is maybe a minute away around the corner. There are trees everywhere. An intersection between residential blocks and much around, except for There's a bus stop. Oh, he was walking here. Mom. It's a bus stop. Yeah. I've never seen this bus stop before. She had been talking about this bus stop the whole time. And I didn't believe her Mom.


But it's the bus stop. Yeah. The one you've been talking about. Yeah. But he was walking to bus stop. I think this is it, mom. I, so, I'm so glad I knew this road, like the back of my hand. And I'd never seen a bus stop there. She told me that. But here it was tucked under some trees, just a sign and a little bench. Mom, good job. But the past memory never goes away. I'm so relieved. Yeah. Very close. No, everything is so close. Good job. Okay. We found the bus stop.


Wow. This was it. Okay. What I'd wanted to find feels good. The place our family began. I love you. A bus stop. I driven past a million times. Not the fanciest spot in the world, but pretty place. You wouldn't mind visiting again. My mom said, next time I'm in town, we should go sit at that bus stop, bring champagne, toast my dad. Probably get a ticket, she said. But to hell with it. Part of what made this whole project a little weird for me was this thing that I've mentioned a few times that my mom doesn't really like discussing feelings.


But I learned something, talking to my sister Kim about all this stuff that driving home, I really wanted to tell my mom. Do You know that when he was sick, Manita came to the house and she was sitting with him and, and he was sick. You know, he was just lying down and not really talking that much at that point. But he did say to her, he said, Manita, thank you for my life. Hm. Did You know that? He Said, I don't remember. I think he said something. Yeah. What, what does it feel like to hear that he said that?


It's nice. Tell me more. Tell me more about what it feels like. Well, I feel just like crying. What? Like crying. You feel like crying? Yeah. We know that he was gonna do die so fast so soon. Well, like, I think when I hear that story, it's kind of beautiful to me. 'cause he loved his life so much.


He loved it. Yeah. And he loved his family. And he loved you. The family. Yeah. Yeah. Right. She said, thanks to me too, and kind of, You know, we're not perfect or we can forgive each other if we, if we, he was saying, I brought up my dad's last days and my mom's mind went straight to their last night together, cut to the heart of her grief to this moment when he was dying and they forgave each other for their hurts. We've never talked about this. My mom never talks like this, You know, he said number one thing that everything was in order and I forgive him.


Whatever he did, we were not perfect. And he forgive me to whatever I did. So we, we talked in, in the room, You know the, yeah. And then we hug and, and so that I was leave together the last night, but they were afraid to touch him. I didn't want to hurt him, so I just touched his legs, his feet. And he sleep the whole night too. No problem. Mom didn't stop there. She'd told me something else when I was nine.


My parents had a rough patch in their relationship and decided to separate. After a few months, they got back together. I never really knew how or why we didn't like to speak about that time in my family. But as I was talking to my mom about all this, she brought it up. You wanted the real hitchhiking story, she said. And she told me that during the time they were separated, one day she was driving down the street and she saw my dad was walking. And as she approached him on the road, he saw it was her and her Volvo. And he threw his thumb in the air. Cold joke, huh? So she stopped, picked him up. A couple days later they got back together.


That's the important story. She said. After that, my parents stayed married another 20 years. And during that time they had a blast together, sometimes inseparable. The best time of their marriage. My mom tells me after they returned to that root moment where everything started, only this time it wasn't random chance. It was his choice to flag her down and hers to scoop him up. Lily Sullivan is a producer on our show. Special thanks to Lilly's sisters. This song is one of their dad's favorites.


Used to play it for them on the piano when they were growing up. Coming up a one badly tuned instrument on one song at one concert can change your life. That's a minute. Chicago Public Radio, when our program continues


Support for This American Life comes from GoodRx looking to take control of your health. With GoodRx, you can find big savings on your prescription medications. GoodRx lets you compare prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly find discounts of up to 80%. And even if you have insurance or Medicare, GoodRx may beat your copay price. So for simple, smart savings on your prescriptions, go to GoodRx dot com slash t.


Support for This American Life comes from Amazon Business. Every business starts with an idea. How can you go from daydreamer to industry Leader Amazon Business accelerates your journey with smart business buying. Get everything you need to grow in one familiar place. From office supplies to it essentials and maintenance tools. Amazon Business takes the familiar Amazon buying experience and adds tools that help you save costs and make insights based decisions ready to bring your visions to life. Learn how@amazonbusiness.com.


This American Life. I'm Eric Glass. Today's program, If You Want to Destroy My Sweater, Hold This Thread As I Walk Away, we have stories about small moments between people that suddenly change how everything looks. We've arrived at Act Two of our program, Act Two. What's with these homies? Dissing my girl. In his early twenties, Mike Comte wanted to be a professional musician. He was trying his absolute hardest to make that happen until one day it all came undone. Weirdly, right in front of Weezer, Mike tells what happened. There's this video. I've watched it more times than I'd like to admit. In the last decade and a half, kind of like a retired football player, watching old game tapes from his glory days, who pauses and reminds that one play where he tore his ACL over and over to see where his career went sideways.


It happened at Bonnaroo, this music festival with some of the biggest acts in the world that year. Dave Matthews Band and Jay-Z were playing. It was 2010. The band I was in was invited to play on one of the medium sized stages, which is a huge deal for us. It'd be over 2000 people watching. It'd be the biggest stage we'd ever played on. But then I saw that Weezer was also playing Bonnaroo. It felt like some kind of faded opportunity. We were actually covering a Weezer song in our set. And so I had this big idea. Our front person, Julia was a musician who had blown up on YouTube. She had thousands of followers on social media. What if we got them all the tweet at Weezer's lead Singer River's Cuomo to see if he'd come sing with us.


I asked Julia and she was game for it. And shockingly, it worked better than we could have hoped. Rivers didn't come sing with us. Instead, he invited Julia to come play her ukulele and sing with Weezer during one of their songs on the main stage. Julia's visibility at Bonnaroo would be multiplied tenfold. If this went well, who knows where it could lead. Maybe Wheezy would bring us on tour with them as their opener. Our agent immediately submitted us to their team for some of their upcoming shows. Or maybe Rivers would write a song with Julia play on our record, or she'd play on theirs. The possibilities kept me up at night. I was 22. I'd only been playing music professionally for a year at that point, but I was convinced this would be the moment that would transform our careers.


The day of the show, Julius split off from our group to rehearse with Weezer on their tour bus. I felt a little sting finding out I wasn't gonna meet them too. Weezer went on a little before Sunset. Me and the rest of the band sat way back in the crowd on some bleachers. While Julia was somewhere backstage. There had to be at least 20,000 people between us and Weezer. I couldn't believe that a dumb idea I'd cooked up in rehearsal had led to this. The song Julia was going to play on was called Tripping Down the Freeway. Weezer started at a few songs into their set. Miss A new song, come chicken Down a freeway. Julia's off stage for the first half of the song, but after the guitar, solo Rivers brings the band down to a vamp and has Julia come out kind of dramatically.


Alright, We're gonna bring out a special guest now. Final Road. This is Julia News on ukulele. Julia walks on stage storming her yuk, but something sounds off. Are we the right tuning? They are not in the right tuning. She's in a different key. Oh, It's supposed to be EFL For a split second. I'm convinced I'm having a nightmare. I try telling myself to wake up. She's got this amazing tuner on her ukulele. Get, can you do this E Flat? Nope. Weezer is still on stage having a conversation. Mid song about Julia's tuning through the PA system. River's pivots.


Alright, I'm gonna tell a little story while you tune your ukulele. He turns to the crowd and starts talking about how Julia had ended up on stage with him that day about Twitter, about Julia's fans. They started to hit me up saying, Hey dog. Julia's an amazing singer. And Ukulele is most of the time. She even knows what key the song is. So why don't you guys have her up? He's making fun of her. I start clenching my jaw from the stands. I said, I don't know, man. This is weer. This is a professional act. We demand perfection. And Julius Fair said, trust us dog.


Julia's the moon. I'm mortified. I can't believe how mean he's being to her. Just so passive aggressive. At this point. Our crew member who's been sitting next to me excitedly filming Julia's big moment, quietly stops recording and puts down her camera. This isn't her video. Someone else posted this one on YouTube. I couldn't help thinking I'd been the one to suggest she do this in the first place. This was on me after an excruciating 62 seconds of Improv Rivers wanders across the stage to where Julia's trying to retune with another band member. So we could just have you sing. I'm just Gonna sing. I'm just gonna sing. She says, alright.


She's just gonna sing. Check your mic. Oh, what the, yeah. Alright, give us the baseline. Scott Rivers counts off and starts singing. Julia jumps in two, Three. No way. We ain't, Julia looks so small from where we're sitting, but I can tell she's holding her ukulele by her side. As she sings. They finished the song Rivers. Thanks Julia. And she walks off the stage. I'm sitting in the bleacher, shocked by what just happened. Weezer keeps playing a bunch of my favorite songs and I can't enjoy them. Alright, Gimme a guitar, my man.


The next day, rivers tweeted at Julia and thanked her for playing despite the mishap. A few weeks later, Weezer's Manager officially turned us down for the opening spot on tour In the music business. You need some moment to pull you out of obscurity and propel you forward. And it felt like for us, Weezer had been it. Instead we'd blown it. And that was the beginning of the end. After Bonnaroo, Julia and I stayed busy touring just the two of us for a while, but then things slowed down. Julia and her management were about to part ways.


I started getting nervous about being able to support myself. So I tapped outta touring with Julia and got a full-time job where a lot of struggling musicians and actors end up at the Apple store. And so this is when I started watching and rewatching that video, the Weezer performance. I've been doing that for the last 14 years. Each replay, I keep hoping that it won't be as bad as I remember, but it always is. I'm still stuck on what the fuck happened. And in particular, was it our fault on Stage Rivers had made it seem like it, but I've gone through the details again and again. Julia had received tuning instructions from Weezer's Road manager.


Were those incorrect? Had Julia done the math wrong tuning her uk Had I, I'd helped her with that. I found a video of Julia rehearsing with Weezer on their tour bus. She was in the wrong tuning there too. But no one had noticed. Julia might know what went wrong, but I never really talked to her about that show. Only once right after it was uncomfortable, she was clearly upset, had been crying. She asked to let it go. So I did. But she must remember something from that day. So I called her. When is the last time you thought about the Weezer performance? It doesn't like revisit me in the quiet dark night.


Okay. I think when Weezer comes up, like if, if Weezer is on at a party, I might or might not be. Like I've played with Weezer once and I totally fumbled. Julia lives in Austin, Texas now she's still releasing music, but her career has shifted more towards life coaching and guided meditation. Her memories of the Weezer incident were not as vivid as Mayan. She didn't remember how she and Weezer got in touch. She didn't remember what year it happened. She definitely did not have the email from the road manager about the tuning. And she never puzzled over why her tuning was off.


Because for her, that whole show is a totally different experience. When Rivers was saying all that stuff about her on stage, It never registered to me as like anything, anything other than like a musician just trying to make the show go, Oh my God, I feel like I've just been stewing in it for so long. Being like, that dude was an asshole to my friend. Oh My, no way, man. I have never once thought that Rivers was mean. I didn't know what to say in that moment. I didn't know what to do. Like, he could have just been like, okay, nevermind. But the fact that he came up with a real time solution to be like, yeah, just sing.


I was so grateful. I watched this video probably more often than I should. I feel like I am responsible for it in a way that's like if I had just not said anything in that rehearsal that day, we could have just gone about our, our days and rehearsed and, and just had our set at Bonnaroo. And then you would've come to Weezer set and sat in the bleachers with us. And we just would've enjoyed Weezer together. Mike, don't you dare. But instead you went on stage with him. And this thing that could have changed your career, in my view, had this effect that this like, you seem so sad afterwards and devastated.


And I was like, oh my God, if I had just said nothing, this wouldn't have happened to you. God, I I don't think that experience had any sort of detrimental pivot for my career. The thing that made my career not happen is that I couldn't take the, the pressure. It's not that you, I think that you offering that Weezer thing was brilliant. I wish I would have done a bunch of different things, but like not playing with Weezer and not fucking up on stage is not one of my regrets at all.


I'm glad Julia was so much more at peace with the day than I was. She said the band, our band wasn't sounding good to her anyways. She thought opening for Weezer was a long shot, even if she had been in the right tuning for tripping down the freeway. But also the moment Julia remembered most from that performance wasn't the mistake. It was the part of the video that I usually skip over the moment where it works out. Right after Rivers asked Julia if she wants to sing, I'm Looking River's Cuomo in the eye. Once we decide to start singing, everyone cheers.


And we start like dancing together and we put our arms around each other and we're like head to head singing, like full blast tripping down the freeway. And I felt like we sounded really good together. Yeah, I don't know, like all of that feels important to me. You can't see any of this in the video. I'd been replaying all these years. That one was shot from way back near the bleachers where I watched the show. I almost couldn't believe what Julia described. But changing up the wording of my YouTube search, I found another video from that day filmed close to the stage.


You can see everyone's faces and even when the tuning mistake becomes apparent, they're smiling and they're laughing. Julia and River's dance. They're having a great time watching it. I felt this wave of relief. It's what I was missing all these years. Julia was okay. And I believed her that the band didn't break up because of a tuning mistake. And this moment wasn't why I stopped playing music for a living. After Julie and I talked, I finally heard back from Weezer's former road manager. She found the email they'd sent us before the performance and the instructions were wrong. There would've been no way for Julie and me to tune correctly with them.


I had the full answer now, but I was surprised by how little it mattered to me. I was over it. Mike Comte, he is one of these super skilled people who work here at the show doing audio mixes and adding music to our stories. Diane Wu produced this story. Here is Mike playing guitar and singing with Julia, whose full name, by the way, is Julia Nunes. This is a song that used to cover together years ago. There will always be someone better than you, even if you are the best.


So let's stop the competition now or we will both. I'm ashamed I ever tried to be higher than the rest, but brother, I am not alone. We've all tried to be on top of the world somehow because we been losers. I so much time When I, I wanna make It clear now.


I wanna make it Known. I don't, Don't care about being a winner going out Fridays. No, Act Three. And if you see her, tell her it's over. Now In the last act, we turn from small personal moments to big news that the whole world experiences. But that hit some people very, very personally.


You probably saw the headlines and reports that a couple weeks ago, after his family ruled Syria for over 50 years, the president slash dictator, Bashar Alad was run out of his own country. Very suddenly, Asad a government that did not tolerate descent. He used chemical weapons against his own citizens. He spent much of the last 13 years brutally crushing and uprising. Hundreds of thousands of Syrians were killed, tortured, disappeared. More than half the population was displaced in that conflict. 6 million Syrians fled the country. So when a rebel coalition forced to set out two weeks ago, Syrians all over the globe had their world turned upside down. And a few of us here at the show called around to see what that's been like for them. Diane Wu put together this story.


The regime collapsed late on a Saturday night. My coworkers and I talked to a few Syrians who are living abroad now about what that night was like for them. One was up studying for an exam, another was out to an anniversary dinner, kept checking his phone. But the person I wanna tell you about is Selma. She was in London on Saturday. She lives in another part of England. But watching the news by herself in the days before that, she felt like she had to be around other Syrians. So she got on the train and headed to her friend's apartment. She'd been crashing there since Thursday. It's like this tiny one. It's not even an apart, it's like a studio. So it's this tiny, tiny studio. We're all sitting together on this couch, five of us, and we're all like on our phones.


And then the TV's on and we're all checking and there's like barely any space. I dunno if I would describe it as crashing. 'cause we didn't sleep, so, okay. None of us were, were sleeping actually. It felt like we were on duty for, for some reason. You know, like we were like on call constantly. It felt like their job to not look away, something huge was happening back home. The rebels kept taking more and more ground each day, liberating more and more cities with hardly any pushback. Everyone was worried that Assad would do something desperate, like retaliate with chemical weapons or bombings, or that Russia would jump in some. And her friends were barely keeping it together.


One of them, I, it's not funny, but he kept fainting. And so he would go into the room and then just like almost pass out. So the first thing I did was I, I didn't know what to do, so I gave him a tomato with like, salt on it, and I just shoved it into his mouth and, and I was like, okay, like I think your blood pressure is dropping. And and Were you guys like, like were you worried or freaked out or was, was he kind of like, oh, this is something that happens? We were, I don't think we were super freaked out just because like a lot of us have medical training. Okay. It wasn't that big of a deal. And so that's handy. Okay. Yeah, They noticed there was a pattern to his fainting.


First he'd start sweating profusely, then go stand in the door to cool off, then head towards the bathroom. By the third time we kind of got the routine down. Like we saw him open the door. We're like, he's about to pass out. Like someone start, You know, doing, doing all the steps. We kept joking. They're like, you have, we have like, you can't pass out now. Like, you gotta be strong. You gotta make it till, till the regime falls. Selma told me that her friend who kept fainting had been detained by the regime when he was a teenager three times. He fled Syria after the third time, but his parents are still there. And he was really concerned about them. Other people in the room were also having physical reactions from all the stress and fear.


I think it was, it was just like our bodies going into shock. And like each person was kind of doing it differently. Like for me, I cry a lot and I, I have like panic attacks and then I throw up, which is kind of gross. But that, that's what would happen to me. Like, I would get really nauseous, really nauseous, really nauseous, like I would go and throw up. It was from inside this crowded apartment scattered with takeout containers and nervous bodies that these friends then witnessed a sudden unraveling that none of them had anticipated Selmas from Damascus, the capital, which was the seed of the Assad regime. And as the rebels kept advancing across Syria, taking hamma and then Oda and then homes, her friends from those cities celebrated around her.


If the rebels succeeded, her hometown would be the last to fall. When Selma saw a video of people standing on a tank in Ume, had square in Damascus singing Genna Genna a revolutionary song, it was finally real to her. It was over Knowing that we would be the last I was, I was holding it in. And so the first thing I did was I cried. I hugged all my friends. I, I just, I sat there kind of like staring at the wall, crying, crying, crying, crying. They stayed up all night and then celebrated more the next day in Trafalgar Square. Then Selma went home and mostly laid in bed in the dark for a few days trying to make sense of this brand new world.


Selma's family had left Damascus in the first year of the war. 2011, when she was 15, they moved to Connecticut where she joined the soccer team and tried to do regular life while going to protests against the regime on weekends. Now she had to figure out how to reverse this thing she's been doing since she was a teenager, separating herself from Syria. I knew I couldn't go back with, with the regime there. And so I started like slowly distancing myself from my memories. Like before I would post a lot of photos and, You know, saying I miss Damascus or I miss this, or I miss my house. And I miss that. And I stopped doing that kind of on purpose and even be like between myself when I'm alone.


If I would remember something or if I would find myself kind of like daydreaming, I would stop myself and I wouldn't let myself kind of go through with it. Remember what kind of daydream, Like sometimes I would daydream about my house and like, sorry. It's okay. Yeah. I don't know. Like, it's the place where I have a lot of good memories and, and it's the place where like me and my siblings did this and did that. And like, sometimes I would just daydream about like walking into my room and, and going back and like sitting in my living room and looking out the window and, and I just, I wouldn't let myself do that anymore.


And even like at times where I would have like dreams about like being in my house again, I would like wake myself up and, and be like, no, like this isn't real. Someone else I talked to described it like this. Syria was on a different planet from the one he lived on now. There was no way to visit it. He had to flip a page, start a new life, better not to think about it anymore. But now that the regime was suddenly gone, Syria was back on this planet a place like any other place. And they had to reset their minds to take that in, which was hard to do after so many years of doing the opposite. So I almost started thinking about visiting home, not just in a dream way, but like the logistics of where she would stay when she went back.


So we still have our house and now I'm like, would I stay at my house or would I wanna stay somewhere else? Or what am I gonna do? And, and now I can think of all the plans, The euphoria of the regime falling was laced with heavy feelings too. In the days following the collapse es Selma learned just how many people who had been disappeared by the Assad government had been killed, were not coming home. She had another panic attack. Selma's been watching all kinds of videos coming out of the new Syria. And there's a particular type that delights her when I wasn't expecting It was a, a girl in a karate uniform.


And this guy was standing across from her with something on his head, I can't remember, like a water bottle. And she closes her eyes and she like, karate picks the, the water bottle off the top of his head with her eyes closed. And then the camera pans back and everyone's like clapping and cheering. I saw people doing parkour and Damascus. They're like doing like back flips in the street in the middle of a celebration, Watching these people just be silly and happy for Selma. She sees that as getting to watch them finally be free. And latia someone was lifting weights Like in the street. Like in the street, yeah. Like in the middle of the, like, there's like fighters kind of passing by on, on cars, like waving flowers.


And he's like right on the side doing all of these moves and it is like gym clothes. It's just so, so uncurious, so fun. You know, like it's things you could have done before, but it's just the, the, the mentality of you're free, you can do anything and, and, and you belong to this country, or it, it feels like it's yours again. I think the slogans of the regime were so damaging to our psyche. Like calling it Studio Asad, Asad, Syria just, it removes you from the equation. So who are you in? Asad, Syria, you're, you're nobody you don't belong.


Seeing the people now in Syria seeing their reaction that are slowly kind of feeling like it is theirs. Like we, we, this is our country. We're the ones who are responsible for it now. We're the ones who are gonna take care of it. There's pretty much no way to overstate how much there is to do next. How many things will need to be figured out, how many unknowns there are. But one person told me none of it could be worse than what we live through already. Diane Wu is a producer on our show. Mr. Story was co-produced by Hanni Ley.


I'm, I can sing and hear me, know me If You Want to Destroy My Sweater. This thread as I walk. That's Mike and Julia covering Weezer's sweater song, undone. Our program was produced today by Lily Sullivan. The people who put together today's show include fia, Ben, Dana, Chivas, Sean Cole, Cassie, Howie Hana, Jaffe, Walt Henry Larson, Seth Lynn, Catherine Ray, Mondo, S Stone, Nelson, Nadia, Raymond, Anthony, Roman, Ryan Ruy, Alyssa Ship, Lily Sullivan, Christopher Sala, and Matt Tierney, our managing editor, Sarah Abdurahman, our senior editors, David Kestenbaum.


Our executive editor is Emmanuel Barry. Special thanks data. Natalie Sullivan, Kim Sullivan, Sarah Kim, Steve Socha, Aaron Marie Comte, Dave Burns, Todd Johnson, Leanne Victory, Darien Woods and Zen Abu Ismail to become a This American Life partner, which gets you bonus content, ad free listening, and hundreds of our favorite episodes of the show. Write in your podcast feed. Go to This American Life dot org slash Life Partners i's also in the show notes. This American Life is related to public radio stations by PRX, the Public Radio exchange, and this is always to our program's co-founder, Mr. Tory Malatia. You know, he invented this new appetizer where you put a hot dog in a handful with straw, what's he call it?


Hey, dog. I'm at her class back next week. More stories of This American Life. I don't want. Let's be friends. And the woo


Support for This American Life comes from Charles Schwab with their original podcast Choice hosted by Katie Milkman, an award-winning behavioral scientist and author of the bestselling book. How To Change Choice is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Hear true stories from Nobel laureates, historians, authors, athletes, and more about why people do the things they do. Download the latest episode and subscribe at schwab.com/podcast or wherever you listen.