
Support for This American Life comes from Squarespace, their AI enhanced website Builder Blueprint. AI can create a fully custom website in just a few steps using basic information about your industry goals and personality to generate premium quality content and personalized design recommendations. And get paid on time with branded invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools. Head to Squarespace dot com slash American for 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


A quick warning, there are curse words that are un beeped in today's episode of the show. If you prefer a beeped version, you can find that at our website, This American Life dot org. From WBEZ Chicago. It's This American Life. I'm Hannah Jfi Walt sitting in for Ira Glass Family Group Chat created May 19th, 2023, two years ago before Yusef Ash. Send this link to Aseel, Salbi and Heba so they can enter the group. Manal, we are all gathered together. What a blessing. Heart emoji. I don't have Hassan or Ahmed. Yusef must add them. I sent the link above you idiots so you can send it to them.


Yusef Rehas link. Send them the link. I sent it. Manal. We wanna go out tomorrow to the beach. Okay. Why is the group called the shitty family? Yeah. Who's the son of a gun? Who names a group? Laughing emoji, please. Isn't this Yusef Stew? It's Yusef. I did it for your sake sister. God bless you. Pride of the Arabs. Al wants to invite us to the beach. Hadil, I wanna take you to the beach when we're thinking either tomorrow or Monday I'll let my children go. But what day? We're thinking Monday. We need a watermelon. That's the most important thing.


You're making conditions as well. The watermelon is more important than you. I'm being mocked. Yusef. Whoever wants to go with us like this message. I will set up a time later. Where? To the beach. But what day tomorrow? Clown face. Yusef, who started this Group Chat for his family. He's been on our show before. Yusef Mash. He was a humanitarian aid worker in Gaza. Grew up there, lived there his whole life. He started this Group Chat with his family months before the war, before October 7th when Hamas attacked Southern Israel. After that, Yusef became responsible for moving his whole family, his four sisters, their extended families from one place to another, trying to escape Israel's bombing.


After six months of displacement and near death experiences and worrying for his children, Yusef did something he thought he'd never do. He left Gaza. This was last spring. He went with his wife, mother and his kids to Egypt. His sisters decided to stay behind and since that time almost no one has been able to leave Gaza. That was a little more than a year ago. The Group Chat is still going. What are they talking about in the WhatsApp group? Yeah. I dunno. Daily life complaining or making fun? Sending, I dunno. Sometimes it's jokes, sometimes they're crying. It depends.


Voice, text, photos, everything. Okay. Just like this is like the, the refuge for them. Where they go and more the sisters are talking and my mother and we just observe. We meaning the people who are outside Gaza now. Yusef, his wife, his kids and his mom inside Gaza. The sisters make plans. Talk about who they ran into that day. Share pictures of their kids of bombings. They send voice memos to each other to share news and cheer each other up. Hadil, my sister is feeling down. Come me Hadil, let's go out, let's go somewhere. I'm buying. I have Ahmed's money.


My sister is feeling low, so let's do something fun In a year. Plus, since Yusef has left, the sisters have all moved again. They're not all together anymore and they keep moving. They've survived airstrikes, illnesses, months with no food at all coming in. And they keep checking in here in the chat. Yusef the problem solver in the family, the don't worry. I'll take care of it. Guy. He keeps trying to figure out how to solve the same problems over and over. When his sister Esil texts, if I clean, I get dizzy. If I cook, I get dizzy. There's no edible food. It's worse than you can imagine.


Use of replies. Buy anything Aseel. Don't worry about me. Love. All is okay. Then they go back and forth. Aseel, one kilo of rice is 35. Yusef, no problem. I'll pay Aseel. A kilo of flour is 50. Yusef, whatever the price. Aseel. The issue is not the price, it's the cash. Yusef. I don't know what one can do. Aseel. The situation has become very bad. Yusef. The problem is, I can't do anything. Even your money doesn't help you. You can't find food. Even if you have money. Exactly. Yeah.


If if you, if it, if it's available, it's very, very expensive. But mostly you cannot find it. What's, what's it like for you to talk to Aseel? Yeah, I was talking to her today, but it's, it's just actually we, I feel use this. Her daughter is crying, which a a year old crying. 'cause there is no bread, there's nothing she can feed her. Even all what I can do, being outside now, all what I can do is send money or just secure money. But it's not enough anymore. Yusef spent the first six months of the war experiencing everything his family is experiencing together. And when he left, it felt inconceivable that it could go on this way this much longer.


But it has, his phone keeps getting new messages and he keeps reassuring and responding and arranging and trying to provide comfort. And then these last few weeks being unable anymore. Even with all his skills and connections to get money, cash into his sister's hands, hearing how their children are not eating. Something changed for Yusef. He felt literally dumbstruck. Even words are not helpful anymore 'cause they are finished. You know, I used all the words and I think if I need to start to find other languages, but I keep it like, hopefully it's gonna be fine. It's gonna be a matter of days. Hopefully, You know, all what I can do is just to be supportive.


Do you still say those things? It's useless anymore. I, I just even saying them became like something stupid. Like, I didn't know what to say to be honest. I, I took and, and is okay. In Arabic language we have has, okay, we, the God against them. All these words became useless. Even these words that we were using all of our life to calm each other became meaningless because even using it became unfair. It's really painful when you communicate with anyone from Gaza. It's really, really painful. Do does it make you wanna avoid it?


100%, Yeah. Otherwise, I wouldn't stay Saint. I will lose my mind. Leaving Gaza made use of the newest member of a well established club. There are about 5 million Palestinians living inside the West Bank in Gaza. And the rest. About 9 million Palestinians live all over the world. People who are trying to maintain family and connections across countries and time zones and bad cell connections. Today's show is about those conversations inside one family and between friends, colleagues, Yusef's family agreed to share all the messages they sent back and forth to each other over years.


We got them translated. All the late night musings and updates and petty resentments and serious resentments and jokes and plans and fears. Intimate moments where you can see how these conversations and relationships change over time. How do you keep being a family? And we hear from other people on the outside and others inside figuring out what to say and what to keep secret. Stay with us,


Support for This American life and the following message come from Dataiku. AI can be a kind of raw power. Take control of AI with dataiku, the universal AI platform. It's built for business teams and AI experts alike, designed for trust and engineered to scale, to fit your tech stack today and tomorrow from analytics models and agents. Make AI flow through your enterprise. Don't just keep up with ai, control it with dataiku, the universal AI platform. Find out more@dataiku.com slash This American Life.


This message comes from MIDI Health. Women in midlife face a healthcare desert, but MIDI is here to fill the gap, offering expert care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance, hot flashes, insomnia, brain fog, weight gain, and moodiness. Don't have to be accepted as just another part of aging. MIDI clinicians understand how these symptoms can connect to menopause and prescribe a wide range of solutions. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join, MID i.com.


Promotion for This American Life comes from revisionist history. Malcolm Gladwell's revisionist history investigates the overlooked and misunderstood. Did You know that some people suffer from face blindness while others are super recognizers and can remember a face for years after only seeing it once or that the secret behind Thomas English muffin's, signature nooks and crannies led to a lawsuit that forever changed. Trade secrecy laws in the us. Listen to revisionist history. Wherever you get your podcasts,


It's This American Life Act One. I'm fine. Don't worry. Within any family, there's the Group Chat and there's the side chat. The person Yusef is always checking in with most is his youngest sister in Gaza. Aseel, June, 2024. Yusef to Il. Yo, my sister, please confirm you're well Il. I feel like I haven't seen you since the last century. The thing Yusef says more than anything else in these chats is please confirm you're well. The thing Aseel says most and fine, don't worry. Yusef says, Aseel is the one in the family who's most like him. Practical can do.


Unfazed, also stubborn. Il is 10 years younger than Yusef. She's a nurse. She wants to know things and do things. She's young, but she's expert. Usually Il is the most between my sister. I look, I look to Aseel as the most wise. She looks to him the same way she trusts him. When Aseel was trying to figure out the safest place to give birth to her first child in a war zone. The person she planned out with was Yusef. When she needs advice on anything, Yusuf in the beginning of their WhatsApp chat after he left Gaza, you can see Yusef trying to set the terms of their new situation, his point over and over, the important things have not changed.


I'll call every day anything you need. I'm here, Yusef. If you want anything, whatever it is, do not hesitate Aseel jokes. After all, everything is cheap. Yusef live and spend Aseel my dear brother. I swear I want nothing but to see you. I swear I don't need anything, Yusef. This is my duty. My sister. Just take care of yourself. Aseel responds with a voice memo, her and her baby, Sila. 24 hours later. Yusef seemingly concerned that he didn't get his point across rights.


The most important thing is that you do not lack anything by whatever you want. Relationships shift all the time, sometimes suddenly. But the long slow changes, they can be just as dramatic. Yusef Asile lived within walking distance their whole lives. They saw each other in person all the time. They shared life a landscape. And right away, within a week of leaving Gaza, Yusef realized how much information he gathered just by being there, seeing Aseel face to face, seeing what she needed when he wasn't there, he understood, oh, Aseel isn't great at asking for things.


It it's something I really like it about her, how decent she is. And she'll never ask anything. But at the same time, that's, I'm not there to understand the the needs anymore. My other sister called me, she, she lost her phone and she's like, okay, buy me a phone, send it to anyone to, yeah, okay father, I'll do it. I, she will never do that. And that's my issue with that. So every time Aseel says, I'm fine. Yusef has to guess what he can do to help. Four months after he left Gaza, Yusef was reading and hearing about bombing. Increasingly, the bombing was where she was living. The other sisters were moving. Yusef figured Aseel would too, and made a plan for her to move to a safer area called Al Wase, just like he always did.


He would pay for it. Of course, Yusef to Aseel. There's a furnished department in this project. 1000 per month. Aseel. Oh my God, it's a lot. I don't know if the war will go on longer or not. The amount of money is a lot. Yusef, call her. You will love it the next day. Yusef, have you seen the apartment? It's a good place. Aseel. It's forbidden to be extravagant. I didn't go no four hours later, Aseel. It's really nice, honestly. But it's expensive. Yusef, is it a suitable place? Double question mark. Aseel. I'm fine now. If there's an evacuation, I will leave.


She did not move to the apartment. Money was becoming an issue between them in a new way. Yusef had always supported a lot of people in the family, but after he left Gaza, he started doing it through Aseel. She'd tell Yusef who among their family and friends in Gaza needed help. Here's how much. Here's a list he'd coordinate with her to get the money to them. Aseel. To Yusef. Everyone thinks I'm the finance ministry. Yusef, let them think that this meant Now. Aseel knew how much money Yusef was giving out, how many people he was supporting in Gaza. Not to mention trying to find a place for his family on the outside. Aseel didn't wanna add to the burden.


Aseel, don't worry about me love. You're gonna have travel expenses and expenses that will destroy even mountains. Don't send me money until you guys get settled and organize your matters. Yusef, don't worry, your brother is strong as a whale. As the months passed, IL continued to lean on Yusef for some things, but she also quietly started trying to manage more things on her own. In August, a few months after Yusef left, IL's baby was suffering from a terrible rash. She couldn't figure out how to treat it. She couldn't find the cream she needed. IL sent me pictures to see if I had any ideas, but she didn't tell Yusef, even though Yusef knows all sorts of medical people in Gaza, No, but it's just one thing that I'm hiding now.


There's a new disease that has spread targeting children, which is, I don't know, an allergy. It's a skin rash or something like that. So I don't know how to treat her and every time I use something it spreads even more. Why wouldn't you tell him about the skin problem? Because He would be upset in reality, they're not here, so he won't know what to do. He'll feel like it's his, their tion or of duty, like he could have done something. I don't want him to feel that way. But couldn't Yusef help you get access to the medicine?


Oh, yes, But he'll send his friends to look. And in reality, I looked a lot and I couldn't find anything. So I don't know what the solution is. I don't want them to be worried over there because I can solve this. As long as I can solve this. There's no need to let them worry and no need to tell them. Keeping things from each other. This became a bigger part of their relationship. Yusef was traveling around Egypt, England, trying to get asylum somewhere in the world. He told Aseel about some of it and he edited out stuff that would be too sharp, a contrast to a Seal's life.


He'd share a selfie from the train, but he would not tell her about taking the kids to see the pyramids. The Nile, he'd gleefully tell her he's near where David Beckham lives, but he wouldn't mention the restaurant he went to that day. IL knew he was keeping stuff from her. And in the text she's constantly nudging him to send her pictures and updates. And when he does share something, she responds quickly with hearts and says things like, I am happy just seeing your pictures. It's amazing, bro. Yusef sends a picture of himself on a bike in London, Aseel Wow. Smiley face. It's amazing. And an athlete, smiley, face, heart. Another time a selfie of Yusuf in Cairo.


Aseel advice for you. Smiley face, heart. This haircut looks good on you. Aseel had pushed Yusuf to leave Gaza. She considered going with him, but the cost was enormous, more than Yusef could cover, and she didn't wanna leave her in-laws. An extended family behind in Gaza. She's genuinely very happy for Yusef, but there's also a new unfamiliar feeling Whenever something happens that upsets me. I blame him for not being here. I don't say that to him, but internally I blame him. You were not supposed to leave. You were supposed to stay here. It's, it's like a psychological war between me and myself.


Yusef knows it without her saying it, because he feels it too. You know, I, I, I, I always, I keep saying I, I should have taken my sisters out with me. I shouldn't listen to any objections why? That they couldn't do it. They have their children. They have. I should have tried more. At least I I was How Often are you thinking about that Yusef? Whenever I have a call with any of them, Every time you talk to them, Whenever something happened, the first thing that came to my head, I should have taken everyone.


One of the reasons Aseel didn't leave Gaza with Yusef is she thought the war would end soon. Another reason she wanted to go home to the north where her house is in Jabal. She wanted to raise her daughter at home. She thought about it every day. She was waiting and waiting for the Israeli military to allow residents of the north to return. These months and months of text messages really conveyed just how long she was stuck. You can see Aseel getting ground down over time. There's no electricity, no clean water. She keeps getting sick. There's bombings and drones and just uncertainty. Endless uncertainty.


September, 2024, Aseel. Oh, by God, we are tired. I wish I had listened to you and gone with you October Aseel. Officially. I swear to God that I cannot bear the situation at all. November. Aseel, Sila has malnutrition. Yusef. Oh my God. What did the doctor tell you? Aseel? She told me she has malnutrition and she's very underweight and needs vitamins. I don't know what to feed her. I didn't feed her canned food because I was afraid she'd get sick. Today is the first time I regret giving birth. Yusuf. May God help you sister. January, 2025.


Voice memo from Aseel to the Group Chat New year. Oh, I forgot to say Happy New Year. I hope that next year, no, no, this year. Yes, yes, this year we see you all. I hope you'll be looking forward to seeing us and we'll be looking forward to seeing you and happy New Year. That's it. Then January 15th, some news, homash family Group Chat. Aseel, the president of Qatar wants to announce a ceasefire soon. Oh God. Get excited guys. The war is over. It's a truce. It's a truce. It's over.


Oh God. A truce. Thank God. The moment Israel and Hamas agreed to a ceasefire last January, Aseel began planning her return to the north to her house. It was time the thing she'd been waiting for, but Yusef was against it. Yusef to Aseel. In my opinion, sister, you should stay where you are. It's early. My sister and I hear strange things in the north Aseel, but I'm tired. How long will we continue like this Yusef? One by one, everything will be solved. Aseel, but man, the house is important. Yusef, leave it to me.


The word just stopped yesterday. Their other sisters were fine to wait and see, but IL kept pressing to go north. Yusuf had access to satellite images and his assessment was if IL went north, she'd find that she had no house anymore. I don't think any house in that area still standing. I'm trying not to be negative with everyone's like, no, everything is live, but I know it's not there. So You know for sure The area where they live. It's not far from Kamal. One hospital in the northern part of Gaza and then they sent this military campaign was mainly in that area and all of that area was livid.


And honestly, for the northern part of Gaza, where I am from and all my relatives, it's impossible that anyhow, still standing there. Yusef and Ailes text about this went on for weeks. Their back and forth reads like Yusef is still that older brother who's in control. But one of the things IL is not telling him, she and her husband Ahmed have already begun moving their things north. Yusef thinks he's still in a position to grant permission. Aseel tells him it's already done Yusef to Aseel. You can go for two days and try it, but try not to move your things. Aseel Ahmed transferred 90% of them smiley face.


She was already there. I came back because I know I belong to this place. I wanted to come back. I want to fix up my place and live in it. I want to have my inner calm back. Is there anything there? The House was blown out and there were no walls. There were only the support pillars, the ceiling and the floors. That's what was left. So I had to make a wall out of tarp. I covered the entire house with tarp and I'm trying to adapt. What is around you? Are there buildings and is there anything there?


I still have a bit of a roof over my head, but my neighbors next door set up a tent on top of the rubble of their house. And it's the same with the neighbors all the way down the street. Those whose houses are still standing, they fixed them and they live in them now. Others set up tents on the rubble of their homes. What did Yusuf think of you moving back to Jabal? Yusuf Didn't know I was moving back. He only knew I was coming to check on the place and belongings and then go back south. But then I moved back and let him deal with my decision. I shocked him with that. He didn't approve of me going back north.


Okay, and what did he say when he found out you were staying? He Told me to wait a bit, take more time, be careful with my decision and blah, blah, blah. I told him, no, I'm going to stay for a bit. I feel that I belong to this place and I need to stay here. Yusef saw that Aseel was not alone in this decision. As soon as people were allowed back, 376,000 Palestinians returned to their homes in the north and they returned to places with no roads or schools or hospitals or clean water into homes that were damaged and destroyed. But they still went back after weeks of pushing back.


Yusuf got it. It was easy to urge patients from the outside, but it was hard in the south where they'd been forced to live for more than a year. Towns in the south were overwhelmed by displaced people from the north. There was tension between people from the north and south. There was months and months of displacement. People were tired, degraded. It was better to be in a tent where your home was than an A tent in Rafa. Now that she was home, Aseel began trying to live, not just survive. Her husband Ahmed set up a solar panel and started a phone charging station, a small business. Aseel found a job with an NGO doing data entry.


Yusef hadn't wanted her to work. That going outside was unsafe, but IL wanted to have money of her own. Yusef told me, despite his objections, he was proud seeing what Aseel had created. For two months, the ceasefire held March 18th, homage family Group Chat. The war is back. Damn. God is sufficient for me and he is the best disposer of affairs. 2:39 AM Yusef writes, call Aseel. I can't get through seven hours later, Aseel. I'm fine. Don't worry. Now that she was back north and the war was back on all the little ways Aseel had been gathering herself over the last year, making her own decisions, working for her own money, relying mostly on herself became essential for her survival.


It's like she anticipated a time when even with love and support from the outside, she was going to need to be entirely self-sufficient. That time was now when Israel violated the ceasefire. In March, it launched one of the deadliest days of the war. 400 people killed in a single day in the north and also throughout the Gaza Strip. Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu said this is only the beginning. Israel barred all food aid and any other supplies from coming into the territory. A complete ban that would end up lasting more than two months. What are you eating?


What's available is rice, lentils, tuna, sardines, and other canned food for food. There's no flour. I ran outta flour a while ago. The flour in the market was not good for consumption because it was mixed with plaster by the sellers. May God guide them. There's a bombed house next to us and there was flour under the rubble. You, you dug through the rubble of your neighbor's house? Yes, that's correct.


We Were confident there was flour because our neighbor told us there was flour in his home. He also told us that if we could get it, we should eat it. Wow. We Collaborated with the neighbors and got it out. I don't know if you can imagine it, but it, it used to be a five story building and now it's only half a story. The whole situation was like a drowning person who's clutching at a straw. We all hoped that we could get the flower out. They didn't get all of it out. I think they got about two bags and everyone ended up with a small bag. We took some of the flour and sifted it twice and ate it.


There was sand and plaster in it, but we made it work. Oh, she in a hand. The flower lasted two days. Aile stopped working. She tried not to go out more than she needed to. There were evacuation orders for areas in the north in April, again in May, but also orders in the south and some in the middle area of Gaza and threats of a new Israeli ground invasion in the north and bombs. Aile was coming back from visiting an injured relative in the hospital. She was almost home and there was an explosion right where the car was gonna drop her off. This was two weeks ago.


I Couldn't understand what was happening. I didn't know where to go. Suddenly children appeared and they were covered in blood. People were running, carrying martyrs. It was very bizarre, to be honest. They Were carrying the martyr on a donkey cart, but there was no donkey. People were pulling it and I said to myself, look at what we've become, what brought us to this life. I Don't want to evacuate. I don't want to leave. I feel comfortable where I am and if I left, I'd be anxious all the time. It's better for me to stay in my house and maintain my dignity and that's it.


How long will you stay there? I don't want to leave, but if they bombed somewhere near me, that's when I would leave. Didn't that happen today? They bombed somewhere close to where you are. I meant something closer. Today's bombing was close, but there was still a street between us. So they would have to bomb the street you are living on for you to leave? No, God forbid. No. No. Are your sisters or Yusef or other people trying to convince you to leave?


Yes. He wasn't convinced, but I'm doing what I want. What's In the news is not like what's on the ground. They exaggerate in the news. I tell them the situation where I live still allows me to wait a bit longer in my house. They should listen to me and be patient. Did you tell Yusef you were going? Will you tell him about what happened today? Not yet. Not yet. I will tell him. He'd be pretty mad. Most probably he won't be happy that I got out during this dangerous situation. He would tell me to not leave home in the first place or to go stay with my sisters.


I've been telling him since yesterday that the situation where I am is good. You can see in the chat when Aseel does tell him, and she's right, he pleads with her to leave to go to her sisters who are sheltering in Gaza City, but she doesn't want to leave in her home. She managed to collect bedding, some furniture, a small generator, toys for the baby, the beginnings of something livable. If they leave, everything could be gone when they get back and Aseel tells Yusef, nowhere is safe. May 15th, 2:25 PM Aseel.


I'm fine, my love. Don't worry. Yusef God is sufficient for us and he is the best disposer of affairs. My sister by midnight that night, more bombs, homash family Group Chat. Can someone check on Aseel? Al Yusef is talking to her. No, I dunno. She was refusing to leave yesterday and then became night then. Okay. It wasn't safe to move, so I said, okay, let's see. Until tomorrow then, and, and, and the night, everything changed and 1:39 AM Yusef, please confirm you're well Il. Thank God for everything. We Were chatting, texting each other.


1:59 AM Yusef, make God keep you safe. My dear Il. Thank God. I'm fine. Don't worry. The last message at 2:00 AM and Sha, everything's fine and we'll meet soon, like, You know, changing nice messages. Then at three 15, she text me, I cannot breathe. I cannot see anything. And she, in this video, In the video, the camera is pointed at what looks like a pile of rubble, but it's hard to see because it's dark and they're surrounded by a cloud of dust and debris.


In the upper corner of the video, there's a piece of drywall, maybe a fallen ceiling. Il is saying, I can't see a thing calling for her husband Ahmed. Someone says, Ahmed is there, he's there. Il says, I hope they don't bomb again. And then I panic and it kept calling. No phone calls. Waken up a deal, trying to call there or call Alia, Alia so we can call her husband. She's texting free. 18:00 AM They bombed the house next to my house.


It's full of dead bodies. Most of the house got lap. So everything lapsed on us. Pray for us. And she asked, pray for us that this night pass. And then she didn't respond. Yeah. I got messages from ail that night too. She wrote, I hope to stay alive until the morning. This is the hardest night since the beginning of the war. I'm so scared. And she wrote, I feel like I won't meet my family again. Did she sound different to you than she has sounded at other scary moments? Yeah. It's, it's not the first time that they go through this, this, they go through it a lot and she never reach out when she know that nothing I can do, I'm outside.


Especially at 3:00 AM That's quite serious. She always tried to spare me when it, this is, it was serious. She's not just scared. She was about to die. It took 11 hours before he heard anything. His other sister Heba finally got through to Aseel. They'd survived. Heba was hiring an ambulance to try to Get a seal out. She wasn't injured. It was just the only way the family could figure out how to get to her. She's moving to Gaza City. Yeah. Wow. One second. So my, my sister Heba texting me now saying that was, it was very hard to send the parents and he just agreed.


Ash Family Group Chat. Yusef to the group. Aseel has arrived at the girl's house. Are you asking or telling Yusef? I'm telling you. Upside down face. Thank God she's safe. Thank God. May God keep them safe and well. God willing. And then 5:51 PM Aseel shows back up in the chat, Aseel. I'm fine guys, but I'm devastated. I Get a text too. I'm fine, she said. But my psyche is broken. Aseel has not gone back since 19 months.


Is a long time, long enough to move four times to create a home out of nothing. To start a new business. Long enough for ES seal to be pregnant, to deliver her first baby. And for that baby to learn to roll over, crawl, and walk long enough to feel certain that this cannot possibly go on any longer. The day after this terrible night, aile sent me one more text. I'm pregnant. I don't know if I should be worried or upset or happy. I don't know what to feel.


When Aseel and Yusef shared their messages, I started reading from the beginning and didn't stop for hours and hours until I was finished hundreds of pages and photos and videos. Later after I was done, I kept scrolling back up to the beginning to how the story starts. Two years ago, a family planning a day at the beach, make a cinnamon roll heba and arrange it here. Heba, I'm scared you'll ruin the cinnamon roll. You're good at baking cake. Bake a cake. Hadil cinnamon roll is tasty. I'll make a cake and you won't eat it. Who told you we won't eat it? Okay, I'll make you a cake. Aseel, do you wanna bring the nuts?


Bring the seeds and nuts. Aseel. Shall I make you a crepe? No Aseel. Shall I make you some pastries? Come on, Aseel Manal and I will work with you. Do You know how to make a cinnamon roll? It felt like a shock Being in the presence of a family in this way, in the banality of a moment, I understood, oh, this is what this family was. This is what was destroyed.


Coming up a refresher. How many pounds are in a kilo again? 2.2 pounds. And other memorable measurements That's in a minute. From Chicago Public Radio. When our program continues


Support for This American Life comes from Squarespace, their AI enhanced website Builder Blueprint. AI can create a fully custom website in just a few steps using basic information about your industry goals and personality to generate premium quality content and personalized design recommendations. And get paid on time with branded invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools. Head to Squarespace dot com slash American for 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


This message comes from Apple card. Picture this somewhere in the world. An Apple card user is getting 3% daily cash back on the purchase of an iPhone 16 at Apple. That's not all. They also earned 2% back on the new shoes they bought using Apple Pay. Visit apple.co/card calculator and see how much daily cashback you can earn. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Support for This American Life comes from Squarespace. Their AI enhanced website Builder Blueprint. AI can create a fully custom website in just a few steps using basic information about your industry goals and personality to generate premium quality content and personalized design recommendations. And get paid on time with branded invoices and online payments. Plus, streamline your workflow with built-in appointment scheduling and email marketing tools. Head to Squarespace dot com slash American for 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


It's This American Life Han Jfi Walt sitting in for Ira Glass. Today's show Group Chat. We're hearing from Palestinians living outside the West Bank and Gaza. Checking in with people there. We've arrived at Act Two of our program, Act Two. Week 11. Mohammed Mhawish left Gaza a year ago around the same time as Yusef just before the border closed. Mohammed's a reporter. He's lived in Gaza his whole life, and he spent the last year since he left, continuing to report and talk to people back home. Some are people he knows, others he finds. Through his reporting, he's been trying to document each phase of the current war. Last fall, the messages and voice memos Mohammad was getting from people in Gaza were about evacuations, were about people figuring out where to move to be safe.


In November and December, the messages were about the cold winter was coming. Now they've turned to food. Israel has imposed restrictions on food and supplies entering Gaza throughout the war. In March, they began a total blockade. No food was allowed in for 11 weeks. Israel said it was to pressure Hamas to release hostages. Now, just this week, Israel is allowing a trickle of food, but it's doing so through a brand new privately run system that's backed by Israel and the us. This new system now has only three food distribution sites running. There used to be hundreds. A un official has said the new system quote cannot possibly meet Gaza's needs.


The upshot as of the moment I'm saying this is there's still not enough food inside Gaza, especially in the north. Mohamed has been talking to people there. Here he is. A few weeks ago, I got a phone call from my friend, Abdul Hakeem Abre. He's in Gaza in the north. He said, I can't explain the pain in my stomach and my bones in my head. I know exactly what he meant. Right before I left Gaza a year ago, I was in the north of this strip. There was a blockade then as well. No food or supplies. My son and I were both diagnosed with acute malnutrition.


Now it's not just the north. All of Gaza is hungry. When I call people there now, all I hear are stories of hunger. The quiet and desperate tricks that people have come up with to survive. A father living in my old neighborhood, a garage told me his family of five shared a single Snickers bar for lunch. We slice it like cake. He said, we make it a moment. I talked to a son in charge of searching for food for his whole family who told me. We boil herbs to trick our bodies into thinking we're full. We feed the children first, then wait to see if there is anything left.


Most nights there isn't. Now I'm talking a lot to another person in the north hot desk cake. She's 20 years old. A few months ago, she messaged me out of the blue. She said she wanted to be a journalist, asked me for advice on how to pitch to news outlets these days. I message her for updates. I called her on week 11 of the blockade, week 11 of no food going into Gaza. We don't just talk about food. She has ambitions. I asked which journalists from Gaza she'd been reading lately. So I read for, for Ari, her reports, and also I read for Ahmad.


If You know him, of course you know him. So you are not reading my work. Okay, thank you. Of course. No, swear, swear. I I wrote some vocabularies and I will send you some photos after finishing this interview to show you what I'm, I'm reading for you. She did. Huda is a very serious student. She's studying English literature online through the Islamic University of Gaza. First in her class, she told me studying brings her peace. It was nighttime in Gaza when we talked nine hours since she'd last eaten, And I bought a bottle of water here next to me.


Every time I feel like hang, I, I drink some and then I feel like, oh, I'm full and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm intending to drink a lot of water in the coming days in order to stay alive. This is the only way my stomach will be full a little bit. This is how I make myself patient with hangry. It's exam time right now. Huda has been putting her headphones on and studying late into the night. I was astonished by Huda's ability to stay focused. Nighttime is terrifying in Gaza, all we could hear was explosions and the sound of drones getting closer. But Huda just studies through it.


So when all of my siblings and my parents fell asleep, I study. So when I get hangry sometimes at night, You know what I do? I go to the kitchen and I eat a spoon of zar. So we have a lot of zar. Okay? So in order to not make my mom notice that I am eating from it, I go to the kitchen and I So You sneak a bite in silence? Yeah. So that no one Exactly. Thank God that my parents don't know English. Okay. And sometimes I feel like I am guilty because it's for my siblings in the morning and oh my God, but I want to satisfy my hunger and I'm studying and I wanna focus.


Yeah. Yeah. And then i a, after eating those two spoons, I, I drink like one or two cups of water in order to help to feel like I, I had dinner, You know, I yearned for eating ham cheese. Before the war, Huda was the kind of person who liked to take pictures of what she was eating, especially when she made it. These days when she gets hungry, she's crawled through those pictures. She said it helps her feel full, just looking at them. She told me about a photo of maluuba from 2022, a screenshot of a burger ad.


She told me she zooms in and pretends she's picking the crispy bits of the chicken. I wanted to, to have an idea if you've ever been to the market lately, and what kinds of things that are still being sold. Okay, so most of the market shelves are, are really scars and are empty, can see some canned food or even lentils, rice soup, pasta. These are the items that are currently available, but in a very, very, very expensive prices.


Like almost $11 for a candy bar. A year ago, prices were high, but not this high. People still had stored food. There were still some farms. The market I used to shop at still had stuck. There was snacks and there was green leaves, some vegetables, some green vegetables. Yeah. Yeah. That Are not available now. I, I hope they was available so I can make myself busy with them while studying. There was also, there was also some coffee, there was also some tea, there was some sugar that we could, we would do sometimes, like with, we could, we can sweeten some water with sugar and we can drink, and so it could have some sort of a feeling of a sweet thing that could be enough for the body to feel full at some point.


Somehow sugar, it's, is it available? How, how much does it cost to get one kilo of sugar? Let me ask my brother. How does it cost? $30 one kilo. Oh, A before the war, a kilo of sugar cost about 25 cents, 30 cents on the high end. When I was still in Gaza, a kilo of sugar was already outrageous, $16, and it was already hard to find. Now there's almost nothing.


Farmland has been wiped out. Greenhouses turn to ash. It's not just the food that's gone. There is no fuel to cook. What little might be left? Rice, lentils. There is no fuel to even boil water. There isn't any burning wood around you, right? Yeah. There is no wood right now. We, we sometimes book, book some bls, you know, or nylon or whatever we find, you know, in the street in order to fuel the require. Yeah. When I study, I have my notebooks, which are really close to my heart, and I can't let them burn.


Give them up. Yeah. Yeah. But I have another papers. These are for my mom. When she burn, when she burns the, the f the for the food when she Cooks, yeah, She cooks. We burn some of my, of our clothes. And it's something like you, when, when we burn these things, you know, I feel like we are burning some of our memories. A huge number, a huge amount of our memories.


I dreamed of my, my cousin that was killed in the first beginning of the war, just two days ago. She was telling me that she was missing me and that she wants me to eat some food. She, she tells me that she feels like I am hangry. She, she was cooking for me, something that I love, which is the baa, but in a very, in a very delicious way. She made it in the dream. And then when I wake and I, when I woke up, I felt like I am full. I felt like I, I don't want to eat. You know? It's really something indescribable and I, I felt so sad when I saw her.


I'm sorry. I'm so sorry for your loss. I'm so sorry. Yeah. It, I start telling my friends that brave to have a dream like this, You know, it'ss really so bad. Oh my God. I remember the way hunger settled into my body, not just as pain, but as a kind of silence. When I stood up, the room spun my mouth tasted like metal. My limbs felt heavy. Like I was waiting through water. I stopped feeling hunger as a craving. It became something else.


A slow shutting down. I, I have never, ever expected to reach to such level to seek food, to think of food, to only just want to, I just want to eat food. And I, I feel like people are going, are going insane. We could lose our minds if we didn't have food. Immediately. When I first talked to Huda, I could tell she was ambitious. She talked about wanting to be a teacher. She dreamt of getting her master's degree abroad, but just before we talked, she had started to rethink that plan because she doesn't wanna leave Gaza behind.


The Israelis are trying to erase all the traces of Palestinians and approached them, and they are trying to put the idea of traveling and to get outta Gaza. But we will not, we will always stay in our home. And sometimes I feel like, how does the wall outside Gaza feel? How is the walls, you know, behind that, the, like, how did you feel when you get on Abla? A plane? Can you tell me?


I was surprised by Huda's question and I had trouble answering it. It slammed me back to the moment as I was crossing into Egypt. No drones, no sounds of war. People were just living only 30 minutes away from Gaza, sipping sodas, grilling on the street, kids heading to school, others coming back from college, the world outside Gaza. It's an overwhelming mix of things. My mouth is incapable of what it wants to speak. I think it's good for us to be in other parts of the world to share what is happening back home. But to do that, I had to leave everything behind knowing I may never go back.


My home is out of reach. This is kind of breaking my heart. Hood had texted me after our call and surprised me with another question. She asked what I had for breakfast. I lied. I said, coffee and toast. These two things are still available somewhere in Gaza. I did not tell her I had one egg, a cookie and a cup of tea.


Mohammed Mhawish is a journalist and writer from Gaza. Diane Wu produced this story. You can find more of Mohammed's reporting in Al Jazeera and M-S-N-B-C. He's also a contributing writer for the nation, which is where we first read about his experiences with hunger. Huda's access to food has not changed since Mohammed spoke with her two weeks ago. One last thing before we end today's show. Almost every day someone asks me about a kid we put on the show six months ago. Penas, she's in Gaza. The thing people always wanna know, how is she doing?


This is a question I find very difficult to answer, but here we go. I'm gonna try. Benya is still in Central Gaza where she's been displaced from the north. She turned nine during the ceasefire in January. She's living in an apartment with a yard. There are long stretches when she can't go outside, when it's not safe enough. When she can go out. There are kids nearby. She plays with, she draws, she pretends to be a naturalist. Benes loves bugs. She does remote school for a few hours each week. She's skinnier. Ben's family has far more resources than most people in Gaza, but still, her parents spend most of the day trying to find food lately or waiting in lines to access an oven where they can cook bread.


If they have flour. Most days they don't. They eat lentils and rice or lentils and pasta. They're running out of canned food. Her mom told me on a good day they'll also share one fried potato for the family of four. How is Bunyas doing? Should be a really simple question. Bunyas is wonderful. She's charming, endlessly curious and energetic and bursting with things to say. She's very funny and Benya is still incredibly good at creating her own reality. I'm so happy today. I'm really, really, they're really happy. Yeah.


Why? The kids are playing in the backyard and I'm standing here in the balcony. There is our clothes sometimes it, it was loud bombing around us. It, that's sometimes, oh, here's one. Yeah, I just heard it. It's not close. This is a lemon tree. This olive tree is so easy to climb. I just stepped, oh, I was about to fall.


Okay. I'll switch the camera to show you. I'll hold the phone tightly and Climbing the tree right now. And I'm, and I'm climbing. Look, this is the tree and I'm here. I'm here. I'm the queen of the garden. Oh, is it safe There? It's safe. Don't worry about us. But there's some shooting around us.


Yeah, I can hear it. So, so don't go to high places. I'll just get down. Yeah. Maybe come down So I I doesn't get do it. Yeah, you should. Maybe you should go back inside. No, it's okay. It's, it's a, it's far away from us. It sounds close. If You're scared we can, we can go inside. Yeah. Why don't we go inside? You. You don't. You want to go inside? Yeah. Alright, let's go.


That's how Benya is doing. Fiercely protecting and inventing a childhood for herself. A childhood that is constrained in every way by shooting and bombing, by a lack of nutrition, education, and safety. That's how she's doing. Oh, person. Person. We're really missing you. It breaks all of our hearts to know that you just want to come on home. So come on home. The telephone, it just doesn't seem to do, to let You know how much it's true that we love you.


Yeah, we love you. Person, person, Person, Person, Person. Our show today was produced by Lily Sullivan. Nancy Updyke edited the show. The people who put our show together include Michael cte, Angela Avai, IRA Glass, Cassie Howley, Valerie Kne, Seth Lin, Miki, meek, Katherine, Raimondo, S Stone, Nelson, Nadia, Raymond, Anthony, Roman, Alyssa Ship, Christopher sw, and Marisa Robertson Texter. Our managing editor is Sarah Abdurahman, our senior editors, David Kestenbaum. Emmanuel Berry is our executive editor.


Special thanks today to Hanni Ley, Laura El Buss, Rania Mustafa, Dana Balut, Rachel Strom, Al Lizzie Ratner, and Suzanne Ber. Thanks also to KCRW in Los Angeles, where I've been recording this week and have had help from Katie Gilcrest, Phil Richards, Mike Stark, and Mike Newport. Voiceover for Aseel in Act One was performed by Tara Abood. Our website, This American Life dot org. If you become a This American Life partner, you'll get bonus content, ad free listening, and more. To join, go to This American Life dot org slash life partners. That link is also in the show notes. This American Life is delivered to public radio stations by prx, the Public Radio Exchange.


I'm Khanna Jfi. Walt Ira Glass will be back next week with more stories of This American Life.


This message comes from Sony Pictures classics with the new romantic comedy, Jane Austen wrecked my life. A woman dreams of becoming a successful writer and experiencing true love. While at a Jane Austen Writer's Residency now playing only in theaters a.