
Hey There podcast listeners, IRA here, not with a new episode of Our show, but to say a few things about some of the backstage behind the scenes stuff going on at our program and to make an announcement. The reason for the announcement is There have been some changes in the podcast industry. Basically the ad market has dropped. It's harder to run a podcast by selling ads and it's affected nearly everybody who does a podcast. In the last few years we've watched trends at podcasting companies all around us as they made massive staff cuts. Some companies have gone under Ad Revenue is crucial. Here at Our show advertisements are the main way That. We pay for everybody's salaries and all the production costs.


and because these changes in the industry this coming year, we expect our ad revenue to be a third less, a third less That won't we brought in just a few years ago. It's just a ton of money and if we don't figure out how to make That up some of the way, we're gonna have to change the way we make Our show, which we don't wanna do. Fortunately, we have a secret weapon and that's You. You are the way That. We can make up That shortfall. t know hearing those words might not be the happiest news for for You. Let me say more. We have tried to figure out a way to make this worth your while, to make this more than a donation, more than charity.


and this brings me to our announcement. We're starting a premium subscription version of Our show and the idea is That You pay us the money and then You get all kinds of stuff That we're not giving out with the free version. and I wanna be very clear before I say anything else. You do not need to subscribe. If You just wanna hear Our show every week, Our show is still gonna be everywhere. That it is now for free. That's not changing. But if You subscribe, You get bonus episodes, You get exclusive content. Ask me anything. Sessions, recordings of live events, That, We, do on stage and You get the show ad free. We really like That. We can offer That to You It. It's kind of ironic.


That, the solution to ad rates dropping is That. We are gonna offer some people a version of the show with no ads at all. So You can get That and if You subscribe, You also get access to this special version of our archive where I went in and handpicked over 250 of my favorite episodes. So You know That situation where You just want something to listen to for half an hour, you're doing some errand, you're whatever, and you're scrolling, you're looking for something. Here's my promise to You. Take any one of these episodes and you'll be very happy. These 250 episodes will appear right in your podcast app. Once You subscribe, like right under the most recent episodes, you'll find these. There's not gonna be any hunting round. So that's the stuff You get.


We talked a lot around here about What. To call this subscription version of Our show, we considered This American Life Plus or This American Life Premium Boring. This American lifeboat too Desperate This American Life saves too likely to get us sued by a candy company. This American Life with benefits too. Dirty I like What. We settled on in the end. This American. Life Partners, or maybe I should say It. This. American Life Partners. You will be our partner in making Our show Live and Thrive. So if you're in a position to help out and if You like Our show, if it means something to You I, really hope you'll step up and subscribe.


and we really have knocked ourselves out trying to invent stuff with this new subscription version that'll make it worth your while. I just recorded a bonus episode with Nancy Ache where she played me a thing and it actually made me cry. So there's That. So do It for the stuff. Do it to help us keep making the show. and the last thing I'm gonna say is That. We're really hoping to get this thing launched and get It going and get as many people as we can to sign up right from the beginning. and so with That in mind, we are giving a discount on the price to anyone who signs up in the first week this week. That we're in right now. So if You think That This is something That You might wanna do at some point, I'd encourage You to do it right now.


Not only 'cause it's Better for us, but You get a really good deal. I can't tell. If it's too pushy for me to suggest That. You can do this on your phone, You can do it right now. Probably That is too pushy, but now it's too late. I've already done it. Let's move on. The way You do This is That You. Go to This American Life dot org slash life partners. The link is also in the show notes to the episode That you're listening to right now. This American Life dot org slash life partners. Or if You happen to be listening to us on the Apple Podcast app, You can sign up right in the app on Our show page. Alright, we're gonna be back in a couple days with new episode. Thank You for listening.