
I'm Maisha Roscoe, and This is The Sunday Story. It's Labor Day Weekend. Where did this summer go? It has just zoomed by, but it's not too late for one last summer read. Now, as I've said before, I love horror, and as I've also said before, I can't get enough of it. I recently read a novel that fed my love for horror stories, so indulge me in an episode about a really good horror thriller book. It's set in Puerto Rico, and it's about a group of close male friends who are dancing with death.


The novel is House of Bone and Rain. It's the latest book by the Bro Stoker award winner, Gino Igl. The story is built around a murder. The mother of one man in the group of friends is killed. Afterward, the friends decide to plot revenge. And what I really loved about the book is that it explores how the connections that we make, the, the brotherhood, the sisterhood, the friendships, they can be a force for good, but at times they can play on our worst impulses. And it really explores how seeking vengeance can sometimes eat away at us in ways that we never even imagined.


Today on The Sunday Story a conversation with author Gao ILAs. stay with us.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares the story of how he got started creating Sattva From 2007 2008. I went out and I bought the most popular luxury mattresses. I tore them apart and I realized based on the raw materials cost and the analysis that I had done, that I was able to sell that level mattress, but with a very affordable price. Visit SA tva.com/npr to save up to $600 from now through Labor Day weekend.


This message comes From NPR sponsor The Capital One Venture Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on every purchase. Plus earn unlimited five x miles on hotels and rental cars booked through Capital One travel. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com for details.


This episode's sponsor is Carvana, which offers the following message. Whether you're looking to sell your car in a hurry or thinking about parting ways with your trusty ride, Carvana is the convenient way to sell your car. Go to Carvana dot com to get an offer for your vehicle in seconds.


Welcome back to The Sunday Story. I'm Aisha Roscoe and I'm joined by Gao Iglesia, the author of the new novel, House of Bone and Rain. Thank you so very much for having me. Asia. I want us to start the way you kind of start the book with the reader thrown right into the action. It starts with our awkward silence. Seemed to give him a resounding yes, And he placed his gun on top of his death mother's chest. When he looked at us again, his eyes were bloodshot, his dark face, strict with tears. He used both hands to wipe his cheeks before reaching to the casket again and placed his right hand on top of the gun. We were all watching him wondering what weird reach we were witnessing being a part of bimbo.


Kept his eyes glued to his mother, but moved his head sideways. He wanted us to put our hands on top of his. When you spend enough time with someone, you can more or less read their mind. We all took a step or too forward reaching to Maria's dark brown casket with lacy white interior and placed our hands on the gun, resting on her chest. Then we stood there, huddled over Maria's body, shoulder to shoulder like the brothers we were. Mm. Now that, that sets a scene, but tell us what's just happened. That unfortunate woman is the mother of one of these young, young boys trying to be men playing at being men.


And she, she sadly took two bullets to the phase in the streets while doing her job, checking IDs outside a club. So these just young men got together and decided to seek vengeance to, to right the, the wrong that was done in the universe by avenging this dead woman. And you get right into it. That's what I kind of really enjoyed about it. You don't, you didn't waste no time. You have things to do. Yes, exactly. But, but this, this novel follows five friends, bimbo, Tavo, Xavier, Paul and Gabe. Yep. And Gabe is really the main character, but it's Bimbos mother who died. Yeah.


And they all consider themselves brothers and they, they really, their identities are shaped by this connection. What I found so fascinating about the book is that it shows like how the group dynamic can be so powerful and empowering in a wonderful way, but it also can lead to very dangerous and questionable choices. Like that brotherhood they have, it's both like this safety net for them, but it's also potentially destructive. Right. I, I think we all have different personalities that we have. We're, we're not the same person often at work that we are with our close knit group of friends.


And these individuals have been, as you said, you should. They've been shaped by this friendship. So it's, it's, it's a blind kinda love. Like I will, what we call nowadays the ride or die. There's no reason to die. You don't have to do those things. You can do some other things and if you think it through, but I, I think a lot of young men don't think things through. So in this case, that's, that's what this group does. They're blind with, with love and, and a little bit of fear and a lot of grief. And then you do very dumb things from time to time when that happens. And, and people do things in groups that they would never do by themselves. Right. Oh, You have someone egging you on. It's like, yeah. It's like, you know, when when you hear chug, chug, chug, you know, something bad's about to happen.


But if you're at a party, you join the chorus. So yeah. And I, you know, in this book there are a lot of villains and, and even monsters. It really seems to be an exploration also of male bravado or ego. I, i is male ego a villain in this book? I, I think it's a little bit of a, a little bit of a villain 'cause it leads them to do very bad things. But hopefully there's another side to that. There, there's a little bit on, on the other side of the balance, which is there's a very, very small part of, of toxic masculinity that I think we should keep, we should do away with 99% of it. But there's this whole thing where, where in Latino macho culture, if you see an old lady about to cross the street, you help her out.


If, if someone's on a vacation and they, they call you up, they say, you take care of my mom, she can't go get groceries today. You do that. So it's this deep bad thing that has some very small shining elements like, like sticking together, like standing up for what's right. And, and you know, in this case, like fighting against colonialism or racism or homophobia and doing it together. I think that part is, is worth saving. This is said in 2017 in Puerto Rico. Gabe is like the main character, but the, the other major character is Hurricane Maria. Yeah. And it's also the name of the character who's murdered, the mother who's murdered.


Why did you make that choice to really center Hurricane Maria in, in this way? Well, it was, it was almost outta my hands. I wanted to celebrate a woman whose, whose life had ended, and her name was Maria and then Hurricane Maria. I wanted to, you know, use that hurricane in the book. So it just worked out beautifully for me that both of them were named Maria. So shout out to all my Latinos brothers and sisters and non-binary siblings for using Maria so much all the time. What do you know, like, I think that for a lot of people who are not in Puerto Rico, unfortunately Hurricane Maria, it's not top of mind. It seemed like in this book, in addition to the supernatural elements, like there's a very real failure of the government, of the US government, of the politicians on the islands.


Like, there's so much failure that leaves people desperate or just fighting for survival. Not just in the way that this group of boys are, but like, just fighting for food and water and all these things. Food, water, medicine, you know, services, other products, feminine products, baby products. The hurricane comes and if it's a bad one, it, it shuts down the country. So everyone's just basically left to fend for themselves from time to time. When the power is out in the whole island, we will get something like, you have to be owned by six or 7:00 PM but then the cops won't come out 'cause it's dark and scary. So no one's enforcing that. So it's, it's, it's chaos that ensues.


And in the case of Maria, it was chaos for a very, very, very long time. It, it, it finished basically obliterating a power grid that had been on its last leg for, for 20 years. And it's, it's ugly, but it's, it's worth remembering. It's one of those things like nine 11, you don't wanna think about it every day, but it's there. It's, it's a reality. Thousands of people died and, you know, they, they deserve to be memorialized. They deserve to be remembered in, in many, many ways. Hurricanes, in this book, there's talk that hurricanes bring this dark evil force. They're these myths that the characters talk about and believe with storms.


Where did you get inspiration for them? Are, are these myths that you actually heard or are these myths that you, you made up in composing the book? So besides being a writer, I'm a, I'm a huge fan of literature. And when it comes to horror, I think every, every living major horror writer has sort of their own mythos. Right? And for me, I knew I wanted to do something special to, to add something to the storm, to make it bad. Not just on, on the physical front, but also add something and make it supernaturally bad as horror does so well. Right? And I realized that there, that there's a point in your career where if you're gonna do this for, for the long haul, you can start trying things like that to create your own universe, your own mythos, things that connect together, your own multiverse, if you will.


And I knew that hurricane, the word hurricane comes from the Tino word. So I was like, for, for the Tino Indians, the, the, the hurricanes were a bad thing. They were sort of like a bad spirit that came and destroyed things. And it was loud and scary. And so I decided to create a new god, a new dark God, a blood thirsty old God that comes with the storm and, and wrecks havoc as, as the winds take care of the physical part. You know, I mean, I love horror as well. Do you feel like by adding in this kind of mythical force, that it helps to make sense of the real, because, you know, these are monstrous things in a way, right?


Crime fiction and horror fiction are two of the most amazing, beautiful and effective mirrors that we have to show society to ourselves. Or in the case of writers show, show society and, and our ideas of it to, to our readers. And I think that comes into playing in this novel. It's like, here's the storm. You already know about the part destroyed homes and overrun places and you know, the business are shutting down and 90 billion, you know, against the economy. But you do that little extra thing. And so people start paying attention a little bit more. 'cause you make it just a little bit more interesting. I think we're callous when it comes to death. We, we, we are hearing about Ukraine all the time.


We we're hearing about Gaza, we're hearing about all of this death. We know people are dying right now as we're having this interview. And we don't think about that all the time. When you add that little bit, like that extra supernatural element, you make it weird again. You make us, you hopefully, if you do it all right, you make readers realize just how dark and weird and powerful death is and, and horror allows us to do that. You are listening to The Sunday Story. We'll be right back.


This message comes from NPR sponsor NetSuite. The less your business spends, the more margin you keep. But today, everything costs more smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud financial system, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one proven platform, helping you reduce it costs, maintenance costs and manual errors. Over 37,000 companies have already made the move to NetSuite backed by popular demand. NetSuite has extended. Its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few more weeks. Head to netsuite.com/story.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Comcast. The Olympic and Paralympic games are a source of joy and inspiration for so many. And Comcast is proud to bring all the heartwarming moments and incredible action home to millions of Americans through NBC Universal's, iconic coverage and xfinity's innovative technology. Comcast hopes the stories of Team USA will inspire all those watching, especially the next generation, the team of tomorrow. Learn more at comcast corporation.com/olympics.


If you think the economy makes no sense right now, You are probably right because even economists can't explain it lately. But Our podcast, the indicator from Planet Money We're a little dose of clarity on the biggest economic questions of the day And about the forces that affect your life In 10 minutes or less every weekday. The indicator from Planet Money from NPR,


Welcome back to The Sunday Story. I'm speaking with the author Gino Igl about his new novel House of Bone and Rain. It's a thriller, horror and tale of male friendship all wrapped in one. I I understand though that the inspiration for House of Bone and Rain came from a personal story from when you lived in Puerto Rico. Are are, are you comfortable with sharing that? Yeah, definitely. I mean, it's, it's the novel that has taken me the longest to write. 'cause in the, the summer of 1999, the inciting incident that that opens House of Bone and Rain happened to me and my friends. Mm. And so we swore, you know, it's, it's it's young dumb men who grew up watching Goodfellas.


So what are we gonna do? We're gonna get a revenge. No, we're not. 'cause life's not a movie or, or a ga beo igl novel. So you're not, you're not gonna do that. And the, The streets. So, so did the mother of one of your friends get murdered? Yeah, she got murdered doing the, that exact same job. She was checking IDs at a, at a place called Laer Club. And there was a drive by and she died there. And it really changed our, our senior year. Mm. And, and was, and her name was Maria and Her name was Maria. So I had to go with that. I had no option. And then the hurricane too, so. Wow. Wow. And so how was that defining for you? So you didn't obviously go on this journey, this blood thirsty journey, but how does that define you or how did that shape you?


So we did nothing because like I said, life's not a movie, but we talked about doing things a as you're in your group, it, it's all good. We have each other's back. We're gonna get this done no matter the cost. And then folks go away, they go home and then you're left alone. And you're wondering, am I, am I really gonna do this? Is this a good idea or is this how I die? I love my friends. I, I, I believe in that, in that that friendship that's so deep that you would take a bullet from someone. But that's easy to say when no one has a gun in the room. So when, when someone shows up with a gun, then you have to think about, am I really going to take a bullet for this person?


And I think in the, in the House of Bone and Rain, most of the characters at the beginning sort of have that thought process and, and they decide that they will, that they will take this to the, the farthest ends of the earth. And whatever consequences come their way, they're willing to do that. Do you think your life could have gone in a different direction if you had someone who was really like bimbo and really, really about that life as they say? Do you think I I've had a couple of friends who were all about that life. Yeah. Some of them are lucked up right now. Some of them kind of moved away and realized that, you know, you can die very easily. Yeah. And, and moved to Austin in 2008 and became a, a normal citizen that doesn't hang out with people like that anymore.


But I still love them. And even the, the friends that I have in prison, yeah, they're, they're beautiful people who made a lot of bad choices. So no judgment. Yeah. I, you know, one thing about this book, obviously it's said in Puerto Rico you use a lot of Spanish on almost every page or every other page. Like there there are long parts that are in Spanish and I had to do a lot of Google Translate and get, get all of that out and learned a lot of Spanish curse words. I didn't know how, how did you make that decision to include it in the book? I, I'm, I'm going to walk outta here and add, I, I showed you should how to talk Bad words in Spanish to my, my resume that is popping up on the CV as we speak.


And I'm a, I'm a perpetual ESL person. I'm, I'm English is my second language. I didn't speak a word of it till I was like in sixth or seventh grade. And in 2015 I was writing my novel Zero Saints. And I couldn't, I couldn't write a page of dialogue without having to stop 25 times to think about the dialogue that was coming to me in Spanish. And then translating it and making it make sense. 'cause there's literal translation in which, you know, usually you lose a lot of context. You lose some power, you lose some passion. Sometimes some things just don't make sense when you translate them. And in 2015, I decided I'm not gonna do this anymore.


I'm going to write the dialogue as it comes to me. After that book came out, I received a lot of hate mail about, you need to write an American for an American market and all that stuff. And then I realized, wow, I have a power. and that power is as a English is a second language speaker. I might be talking to you on NPR and suddenly I forget a word and I have to sit there and try to think about it. And it's scary and it's, it's, it's very uncomfortable. It's unsettling. You're always afraid that people are going to judge you. They're gonna think you're not eloquent because you forgot that word, no matter your level of education. And then I realize if I can do this in my novels, people who don't know Spanish for a brief moment will be pushed into the shoes of all of those in this country who are bilingual, have English as a second language, and our brains falter from time to time.


And if I can make you feel a little bit left outside as a monolingual reader, I think I accomplished something. Mm. If you are in, in US soil, people don't think you don't know the language. So if you work somewhere and you're monolingual, they immediately start talking in English. They assume that, you know, if you don't know, it's almost like a shock. They feel insulted that they have to, you know, deal with you. If my books can push people into that space, when they realize that there are many other languages and other cultures and that not everything they're going to fully understand immediately, then that's a beautiful thing. It's, it's a great power to have. You, you've talked about how much you love horror and in the House of Bone and Rain, Gabe describes the Five Friends being like a tight-knit group of kids in a Stephen King novel.


I'm thinking, stand by me. Right? But, but what drew you to the horror genre? You've talked a little bit about why you think it's, it's so useful, but what drew you to it? Remember I said like it was sixth or seventh grade where I, where I started writing English at the, at the end of that year, our, our teacher, Ms. Deana asked us to write a short story so she could analyze our, our English skills. And I kind of realized then that the kind of stories that I really liked were spooky stories. Stories that unsettled me, that kind of made me want to turn on the light. Or if I had to go to bed, I wanted to have that sensation in the back of my neck that I have to turn off the light and run into my room.


In that process, I wrote a short story for this teacher where really bad things happened. The woman in my neighborhood had a, some kind of mutant baby that she locked in, in, in, in a room in her house, in a basement, which is fiction 'cause Puerto Rican houses don't have basements. And one day the baby just grows too much and, and goes out and murders the entire neighborhood. So that's a story that I turned in not knowing then sixth or seventh grade that I needed to change the names. Long story short, my parents got called to school. Your son wrote a a horrible thing about murdering everyone and their dog. and that was the only time I remember my father going to school. He, he sat there and he listened to the lady talk about my horrible story.


And at the end he looked at her and said that, that's great. And I see your point, but please tell me this was it well written. And at and at that moment I realized I could, I could get away with so much if I learned to write really well. That's Gao ILAs, his new novel House of Bone and Rain is out now. Thank you so much for talking with us. Thank you so much. That was Ga Bino ILAs. You can find his novel House of Bone and Rain wherever books are sold. This episode was produced by Reyna Cohen and edited by Jenny Schmidt.


Our engineer was Gilly Moon The. Sunday Story team includes Justine Yan and Andrew Mambo. Liana Strom is our supervising producer. Irene Na Gucci is our executive producer. I'm Aisha Roscoe. upfirst is back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org.


If you are hearing this, that means you haven't gone sponsor free with NPR. Plus, join us on the plus side for awesome podcast perks across more than 20 NPR podcasts, including bonus episodes behind the scenes content sponsor free listening and more. Learn more and sign up@plus.npr.org and never hear this promo again. The candidates for November are set. I know Donald Trump's title. Between now and Election Day, we are not Going Back a campaign season unfolding faster. Kamala Harris is not getting a promotion than any in recent history. Make America Great again.


Follow it all with new episodes every weekday on the NPR Politics Podcast.