
I'm Aisha Roscoe, and you're listening to The Sunday Story from Upfirst, where we go beyond the news to bring you one big story. If you've been listening to NPRs reporting on Gaza over the past year and a half, there's a name you've likely heard. N P's producer in Gaza, Onis Baba with Ennis Baba in Hanes Gaza. That was NPR producer. An Baba. An Baba. Anas is one of the only Palestinian journalists in Gaza working full time for an American news organization. He's from Gaza City and he's been NPRs eyes and ears on the ground. He sends dispatches from hospitals, displacement camps and bomb sites, Dust everywhere, the bower of the guns and explosions all over the air.


Wherever you put your eye to the horizon, it's the same distraction everywhere. S does all of this with little more than a cell phone. He works closely with a team of NPR journalists who've been covering this war from outside of Gaza. Israel has banned international journalists from independent access to Gaza since Hamas' deadly attack. On October 7th, 2023. On January 19th of this year, a ceasefire deal between Israel and Hamas went into effect. The ceasefire permitted Palestinians to return to the north of Gaza. And today we are returning hundreds of thousands of people, literally hundreds of thousands of people.


Anis Babo was one of them. Nothing still the same. I'm gonna keep reporting here. Justine Yan is a producer for The Sunday Story. She's been keeping in touch with Honest since he returned to God's a city in late January to try and understand what it's like to be a reporter covering the war while also living through it. Justine takes up the story after the break. Stay with us From media to tech, to politics. The world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust.


Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now@donate.npr.org.


Imagine If you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPRs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts guest.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S through line podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Throughline Podcast from NPR.


I started calling Anas Baba after the ceasefire went into effect and he was home in Gaza City. The only place he could find with a good internet connection was a cemetery next to a hospital that had generators. So that's where he'd sit to talk with me about what he'd been through during this war and how home had been an idea that sustained him for 15 months. I was always fantasizing how it's gonna be the first moment that I'm gonna see my old neighborhood. He said he wasn't sure what he'd find, but as he walked down the street, reality sunk in The mosque of my neighborhood. It was totally flat into the ground.


He walked past a community kitchen And it was flat into the ground. And another building that had housed 20 families, It was flattened into the ground. I kept walking and trying to tell myself that my house is okay. I do believe that my house is gonna be okay. And in a way, it was unlike so many other houses. His was still standing. Ana's house is at the end of a small street. It's four stories high with concrete verandas on the top three floors. He said his father designed it to look like an Italian villa.


Anas lived here with his mother and father, his sister, and two of his younger brothers. They all evacuated Gaza early in the war, and he hasn't seen them in almost a year. So when he walked up to the front door of his house, he was alone. He reached for the keys in his pocket, but there was nothing left to unlock. The doors were exploded. I I found shutters of the, of the locks itself. So the dream of unlocking my door was taken. So I just kept the keys inside my pocket and I entered the house. Once I entered, I started to feel the beating of my heart going crazy.


All of the windows had been shattered by bombs. There were gaping holes in the walls, and on the third floor, he found an unexploded artillery shell. Ana surveyed the damage, the broken glass and piles of rubble. The kitchen was totally empty. No cooking gas, no blades and no mugs, no spoons, nothing. My house was super sad. There was no people here. In order to spread life, I tried my best to stay strong, but having that rush of emotions was good for me, truly was good for me.


'cause I thought that I lost that sensation On us is used to being in reporter mode. On the on, on, on, on, on. Go, go, go, go, go, go. Mood. Yes. I cannot even stop for a second. If I stop, that means that I'm gonna fight that ghosts inside of me. Now the bombs have stopped. I think now is a good time to ask him to sit and think about what it's been like. This is Aya Troi. NPR is correspondent in Dubai.


She's been working closely with Ana since the start of the war. I still think he's in a little bit of a fight or flight mode, like because he hasn't really settled in yet. Aya has covered the Middle East for more than 15 years. After Hamas' attack on October 7th, her editors in Washington called her and asked her to fly to Israel to join the NPR team there. Aya got on a plane to Tel Aviv the next morning and she got her assignment From day one. I was told call Gaza. From then on, AYA was on the phone with Anas almost every day Trying to figure out how we tell the story together and like what the story should be from the First of the beginning. Okay, from the beginning, It was a very intense, very intense time.


In the chaos of that first week, Ana and Aya collaborated on several stories. Ana would upload recordings and videos he'd gathered on the ground, and Aya would write the stories for the radio, including this one. This is the sound of Gaza's biggest hospital and Shifa. All of its beds are full. Like all of Gaza's hospitals, clinics, and medical centers serving its population of 2 million, every functioning hospital is at full capacity, the stream of wounded and dead. So he was there interviewing staff, documenting some of the cases coming in, just getting us information of what it was like on the ground.


This was some of the last reporting Aya got from Anas in Gaza City before he had to evacuate. I remember having this call with him and he was like, okay, this is the situation. They're telling us to evacuate to the south, all of Gaza city. It was kind of like panic mode. Israel rained down paper leaflets across parts of Gaza's North, telling residents to leave their homes. AO went on the radio again and again trying to describe what was happening. And Bear Rei is in Jerusalem, may. Thanks for being with us. Hi. Thanks Scott. What do you hear from people inside of Gaza? I've been talking to them all week. It's been sheer terror and trauma. They tell me the sounds of the bombs this time are different, and even Israel has said that this war is different And that the response will be harder and harsher than Hamus has ever seen.


I can hear in my voice, like my voice, like quivering and going away because we, it had been such an intense week, already had been like seven days of nonstop reporting and calls and yeah, like I can hear in my voice already, like a sense of of exhaustion. I spoke with our producer in Gaza, an baba who also had to leave with his family. He told me scenes of mothers carrying their babies and walking by foot from miles, fathers walking with kids on their back, young children having to walk from miles and miles, all of them trying to head south. Anna documented every step of that journey.


I'm standing at the moment inside of Nassar medical complex in ity, Sending dispatches to his colleagues in Israel. I'm Now standing in the middle of the rubbles of what was before a peaceful neighborhood in ity. But sometimes Aya didn't hear from Anas for days. Was the phone lying down because they've run outta fuel to keep their telecoms operating? Or something was struck. He had to use an eim or was there like 3G or 4G available? There Were multiple communications blackouts during the war. There is nothing like being disconnected. It's a feeling that you don't know anything. You are not able to understand what happens around you.


Just as Aya depended on Anna's reporting, Anna depended on Aya to help him see the bigger picture. So that meant sometimes Ana took big risks, like moving closer to the Israeli border to connect to their cell towers. I just put myself in danger in order just to get some internet near to the borders. I can't stay there much more. Aya and the rest of the team worried about Ana's safety. When there were bombings in an area, Anas was thought to be in, someone would reach out just to ask, Are you okay? Is it near you? And Anas would respond as soon as he could. He was alive and he had recordings for them most mornings.


Annas told me he woke up at 4:00 AM and began scrolling through updates what had happened while he was asleep. The problem, it was at least 90 air strikes every day. So what am I gonna cover? Am I gonna cover like the airstrike on the school or the airstrike on the mosque or the airstrike that's on the hospital, or the airstrike that killed a hundred person or is gonna be the like the children that they were amputated? One thing he always did was try to name the victims. An Israeli airstrike targeted the house. The house that belongs to Shahin's family, which is an air strike targeted a civilian house, Rafa City.


The house holded the family, which is a family, and they were hosted by a family called AB Family. And he shared the grief of survivors. This is the sound of a mother that's Mour, his 10 years old child. She already lost a daughter before, and now she lost another son. It's too much. I I wish that I do have a hundred clone of me that can be everywhere to just document every single thing. But it was impossible. It all felt impossible for Aya Troi to, after a few weeks in Israel, she went home to Dubai.


From there, she continued to work with Anas to tell stories from Gaza. And that was a different sort of challenge. I can't remember exactly when I came across it on Instagram, but this is like a collage by this group called Gaza Poets. And it sort of spoke to me so much because it's how I felt. It just says in big black letters in the middle, Gaza's being bombed and all these tiny little words around it saying things like, I eat breakfast while Gaza's being bombed. I read a book while Gaza's being bombed. I laugh at a joke while Gaza's being bombed. I go to the gym while Gaza's being bombed. I fall asleep while Gaza's being bombed.


Reporting was actually like a really important way to release some of that pressure that was building up After the break. How Aya covered the war from afar. Well, Anas only got closer and closer. There was Barb Heimer summer than Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four, Superman for a guide to the movies and TV. We are most excited about this summer. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR.


Do you think you have a DHD? You're not alone. After the pandemic hit, there was a huge jump in A DHD diagnoses among adults. And at the same time, the internet is more and more obsessed with saying everything is a sign of it. You might have ADHD To identify the red flags when a diagnosis goes viral. Listen to the, it's been a minute podcast. Today We're back with The Sunday Story. I'm Justine Yan for Dubai based correspondent Aya Troi. As the war dragged on, it got harder to make sense of what was happening. It's war. It's war, but it's also a war that was happening so quick and so fast, and one that had the full, full backing of the United States.


And also there are certain numbers that certainly have defied the history. Books like Oxfam reports that more women and children were killed in one year of war in Gaza than in any other war in decades. The Committee to Protect journalists says more journalists were killed in Gaza than any war on record. Same with healthcare workers, civil defense, rescue workers, like the list goes on and on. I really had to think, how do you tell the story of godsend? Everywhere she looked, there were images of atrocities, men, women, children, injured and killed. It was live streamed every day on like every platform. TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, telegram, WhatsApp.


People saw and had access to see everything. Everywhere she went, everything she did, she thought of Gaza, her own life outside the frame of the war felt unfair. Like, why are my kids able to just bike stub their toe, cry for an hour and get ice cream and like all these other kids are like dying these very slow, painful deaths under the rubble. There's such a disconnect. That for me was a moment where I felt like, I don't know if I can keep doing this. I don't have the luxury to tap out. Like you have to keep going. You have to keep reporting. This is what you do. You have to keep documenting. It became our only way to cope with a feeling of helplessness.


It's because every single aspect of this conflict has been under dispute or questioned, starting with death tolls, the number of dead who died, how they died, why they died. Even just the number of a trucks going in. You think that's a pretty straightforward thing to count? It's not Aya made phone call after phone call to doctors, rescue crews and aid workers on the ground trying to verify the basic facts. And while doing that, she'd also call on us. And a lot of times it would just be venting frustrations, just like being there for each other as colleagues Reassuring each other that what they did mattered.


And then there's also just the element of like, how are you? How are you? You know, what did you eat for breakfast? Did you get food today? Did you sleep? Well? Once I return from any documenting an airstrike, I feel that I'm still doing nothing. The burned blood and flesh after another strike. I do wish that no one truly no one can, can smell it in his life.


In the south, Anas was displaced again and again. He lived in his car. That's where he slept at night. Hey, you do suffer from insomnia. I'm not gonna lie about that. I cannot sleep that much. He was always hungry. Ana has lost almost 70 pounds since the start of the war, and there were days he couldn't eat because of what he saw. The repetition of bombing evacuation and bombing. Again, It's a cycle and the loop never ends. That's just keeps going and going and going. But that takes you more and more and more and more to the same spot.


Always numb, always anxious, always on your toes. Annas has often been among the first to arrive at the scene of a bombing several times he's tried to save someone's life after one airstrike. In Alber age, central Gaza, Annas found a group of people trying to rescue women and children trapped in a building that had just been bombed. It was a human chain. So he joined it. Someone passed him, a young woman, she was semi-conscious and couldn't breathe. He carried her out of the building And they started to take out most of the sands and even small decrees of sand and out of her own throat.


Once I just like make sure that it's opened, I started to give her a CPR and she took the first exhale and inhale and opened her eyes. There's no footage of this moment because Annas had put down his phone. He wasn't reporting anymore. It took more than 15 months for the bombs to stop the day. The ceasefire went into effect. January 19th, 2025. It was also Ana's birthday. He turned 31. About a week later, Ana set out on the coastal road towards Gaza City. It was a seven mile walk north.


He was surrounded by thousands of other Palestinians also heading home. Aya called him. Oh My God, How do you feel? I feel like I'm flying too late. It was a march and the celebration, people were waving Palestinian flags, singing, chanting, playing drums.


Reunions were happening all along the road. People who'd stayed in the north during the war were meeting people who'd been displaced to the south. Anna spoke to a woman who hadn't seen her son in 16 months. He left as a boy, she said, and now I meet him as a man. I'm feeling that there is like shiver all over my body. Electricity that's just like gives me more energy to keep going, to keep walking. I'm grateful I'm, I'm feeling that with every step that I'm just like putting here. It's me back. As he and the crowds got closer to Gaza city, AA reminded him to take in the moment.


Wait, I want you, I want you to just, like you said, the sea is on your left, the Mediterranean, the coast. Can you just like take a big breath of like the fresh sea air for me? When Anas finally returned to his house, it was not as he remembered it, he found the shattered lock, the empty kitchen, the unexploded artillery shell.


But there were some signs of his former life, like his garden. I do have lemon tree, I do have palm tree. I do have an olive tree. And they got bigger. To be honest, It all gave Anas an almost irrational hope. I started to shout, is anybody here? Is there anyone inside the house? To be honest, I wanted my mother or my sister or maybe my brothers to answer me and to say, yeah, we are here. We're waiting for you.


But no one answered me. And when I entered my own parent room, I felt a little bit broken hearted that I didn't find my father and my mother just to scream at me. To go out. You need to knock first. Did you really think that they would be there? Just saying after 16 months of war, we didn't have anything in our lives that we can control except our own dreams and our own own fantasies. And so Ana went from room to room, letting the house welcome him home.


I laid on every single person of my family bed for a one minute, even if it was dusty and super dusty, but it was just like, I'm praising them. Ana's family is now in Europe seeking asylum, but so far they haven't received it. They're not classified as refugees, so they're in limbo waiting. I only call them once a month for 10 minutes. You Only call them once a month? Yes, because I don't want them to be attached to me because maybe at one day, at any moment, I'm gonna be killed. Because I told them since the start of this war that I wanna stay here and I want to keep doing.


What am I doing? I, In the first days of being home, Ana started settling back in. He wanted to fix his house. There was a lot to do that leak on the roof, those windows without glass damage to the walls. He went to the market and bought some materials. I started to buy some blasted wraps and even I was planning to to have some bricks in order to build again the the most damaged areas of my house. Anas and his neighbors even made plans for rebuilding the neighborhood. We Can live with the dust, we can live with the depraved, but we learned by the hard way, that always be fast.


We do. We don't have that much time in our lives. Then just a week after Palestinians were allowed to return to Gaza City, president Trump gave a press conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. I also strongly believe that the Gaza Strip, which has been a symbol of death and destruction for so many decades and so bad for the people anywhere near it, and especially those who live there, and frankly, who's been really very unlucky. It's been very unlucky. It's been an unlucky place for a long time. Being in its presence just has not been good. And it should not go through a process every building and occupation by the same people that have really stood there and fought for it and lived there and died there and lived a miserable existence there.


There was no reason Trump said, for Palestinians to stay in Gaza. It's right now a demolition site. This is just a demolition site. And he put forward a plan. The US will take over the Gaza strip and we will do a job with it too. We'll own it. Anna's put his own plan to rebuild his house. On pause. I started to feel that Mr. President Donald Trump is just giving me and the other people of girls are the chance to say goodbye for one last time for our houses before he takes it from us. Just like the farewell, It's been cold in Gaza city.


Anna sees people, often children searching the rubble for firewood. I reached to a 0.4 days ago that I burned one of the my house doors. Yes, I took it off. So yesterday I took some of the food, I started the fire and I started to think, what am I gonna eat today? Thank God I grabbed some tomatoes with me, five eggs, a chili pepper, and some olive oil, and I made a Shaka.


Yes, it's an Arabian Palestinian dish that we truly love. So I made a shaka, which was the first time, to be honest, in 15 months to eat it. And I was super, super, super happy with that, with the app, with the result. Then he heard a knock on the door, it was his neighbor, And he told me that I smelled that you are, that you made a fire. The neighbor asked if Anas could spare any wood. I told him, yes, I do have it. Do you want it? And he told me, yes, I want it. I give it to him. And he told me that he wants it for his own daughter, that she got birth two weeks ago and he needs to keep the room as warm as possible.


I told him yes, for sure. And If you need any woods, I'm gonna get, like I can take, I can take off another door for you. And so instead of rebuilding For now, onus will keep taking the doors down from his house for himself and for his neighbors. We truly can live without nothing, but you cannot take the dignity, which is called alamia. So the last thing that anyone can take from you is your dignity. Our land is our dignity.


The ceasefire remains fragile. The first phase of the deal between Israel and Hamas ended on March 1st with no agreements as to what comes next. On March 2nd, Israel blocked all goods and humanitarian aid from entering Gaza to pressure Hamas into a different deal, one that frees more hostages but does not end the war. An Baba continues to report for NPR from Gaza City. This episode was reported and produced by Justine Yan. Additional production by Adelina ese.


Editing by Jenny Schmidt. Fact checking by Will Chase and Audio engineering by Jimmy Keeley. Thanks to Aya Troi de de Ske, Daniel Estrin and Mary Glendenning. The Sunday Story team includes Andrew Mambo, Kim Nader, fame Petera, and our senior supervising producer Leanna Strom. Irene Na Gucci is our executive producer. I'm Aisha Roscoe. Upfirst is back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org.