
I am Aisha Roscoe, and you're listening to The Sunday Story from Upfirst. You know, that Morning City park smell, it's like the smell of dewy earth and fresh cut grass and evaporating beer from the night before. I love that smell. Earlier this year, NPR R'S immigration reporter, Jasmine Garst and producer Xavier Lopez, spent a day in one of their favorite places in the world, a park in Queens, New York. It's called Flushing Meadows Park. It's my park. It's a couple of blocks away from where I grew up in Queens. I also live in Queens.


Queens has been called the most diverse urban place on the planet. Almost half of its population is made up of immigrants from over 120 countries. And Flushing Meadows Park is a microcosm of immigrant life. This is a place where immigrants from all over the world come to get some fresh air and to relax and to really just have fun. You know, It's also for Xavier and Jasmine, kind of like their backyard, where they can go anytime they need to recharge and remember what really matters to be in community. For me, that place is actually a house two doors down from my house.


It's the home of my dear friend and neighbor, Ms. Fanta. I've lived in my neighborhood for 15 years now. All my kids were born here and we have gotten to know our neighbors very well between birthday parties and, and christenings and, you know, helping each other when we get stuck in the snow and, and just keeping an eye on each other's kids and dogs. Yeah, that's Teddy, who's always in the window of my other next door neighbor. And Miss Venetta, she's like the heartbeat of this neighborhood for me.


Her place is surrounded by this nice little porch, and inside it's always kind of dly lit. She got some outlets she gotta work on, but it's a second home for my kids if they want to show her something or just say, Hey, they'll run down the pavement between our front door and hers. If they lose a tooth, she'll have some money for them inside her place. The news is always on, and she's always got a snack in the kitchen. Maybe some pumpkin seeds for anise or some toast for Gabrielle or hot dogs for Reggie.


And if I, I, I ever need somebody, and boy have I needed somebody at times she's been there. Her home has been our safe space, and it's because of that. It's so hard to imagine living anywhere else. But I do plan on starting a fresh chapter soon. We're planning on moving in the new year, but wherever I go, I know I don't ever wanna be too far from Miss Fanta. So we can stop by and visit On today's episode of The Sunday Story.


In the spirit of places that feel like home, we're going to play you a part of an episode that originally ran on NPRs Code Switch podcast. It's a portrait of a community, a small slice of everyday life for the people who call Queen's home. And while you listen, maybe go take a walk to one of your places and stay until the end, because I have a little request for you as we go into the new year. An invitation to send in a sort of audio postcard from a place that you call your own.


All that after the break,


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management, and advice when you need it, You can also invest on your own and trade on Think or swim. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more.


This message comes from Rinse. These days You can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and trade stocks, but You can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with Rinse. Schedule a pickup with the Rinse app, and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order at Rinse dot com. That's RINS e.com.


This message comes from ICF working with government and industry on projects that create positive change in communities nationwide. Whether it's powering energy innovation, advancing health outcomes, or leveraging technology and AI for mission success, ICF works with clients to tackle their most complex challenges. Head on, I C's data-driven solutions are designed to deliver results faster and help organizations move forward with confidence. Let's build a more resilient world. Visit icf.com.


Okay, so first of all, Queens has the best food in all of New York, and this park is excellent in terms of food, I'd say better than any park in New York. Yeah, I I think that's, that's probably an accurate assessment. I feel like that's just Queens generally. There's just like a lot of great food here. And I feel like partially it's because there's like a lot of immigrants here. Like nearly half of the people in Queens are immigrants for more than 120 countries. And You can see some of that represented here at the park. I see a lot of Latinos and Asian folks who make the park their community and people of all ages, older folks that come here to feed the animals. And the young people that come here to just like hang out. They're throughout the park having barbecues with families or picnics with their friends.


And also there's a huge Ecuadorian community here and it's growing. Yeah, there's like a lot of Ecuadorian immigrants here. Like, like me, you know, I came here back in 2002 and back then there was already a small Ecuadorian population here. But in the last couple of years, New York has seen one of the biggest Ecuadorian populations in the US and it's mostly here in Queens right now. We're at the Ecuadorian Festival. This is a festival that happens every year or so in August around Ecuadorian Independence Day. And there's two guys selling ice cream here. They're cousins.


Luis is short. He's very handsome. He has a baby face dimples and some stubble. He's young, but I noticed there's some grays in there too. Luis's cousin is tall, he wears glasses and his hair spiked in a way that makes you feel like he's taller too. Ah, Luis is shy, but his cousin is such a hype man and they have this dynamic think Richie and Carmi in the bear vibes, but it's about selling a Laos at the Ecuadorian Festival. Elso. Exactly. Cousin Primo. And his primo keeps pushing Luis to talk to us while pointing an al at him the entire time.


You know? So Primo says you should do it, ma'am, do the interview. Don't be so shy. And Luis starts telling us his story About how the situation in Ecuador, it's kind of pretty violent. Yeah, I mean, cartel violence has driven a lot of the recent immigration out of Ecuador, and it's impacted almost every Ecuadorian I've met here in New York. My family included. So Luis told us he did what so many people do in order to come to the us. He hired Kote, which is sort of like a guide that brings you up through Central America and Mexico to the US border.


And he paid this guy about $20,000, which is not an uncommon feat to get you all the way from South America to the us Coming to the US is expensive, he says. But he got here, He crossed the US Mexico border and turned himself in, said he needed asylum. He comes to New York, he has this $20,000 debt to the coyote who brought him here. So many migrants find themselves in that situation owing a lot of money, basically, to a cartel.


And those are not people you want to owe money to. And keep this in mind, when migrants like Luis arrive, they don't have permission to work here legally. So Luis, he gets a job in construction, but he also decides to do street vending gigs. The clock is ticking every penny and every second counts. But he says there's this one additional hurdle. He's really shy. So he starts reading this book, Atomic Habits by James, clear, a motivational speaker from Ohio, Build Better habits, eat healthier, and take more risks.


Be more open, be more of a businessman, grow as a person. Challenge yourself. It's very Americana meets ecu. So when he heard about this Ecuador festival happening at the park today, he thought, be a businessman. Challenge yourself. Go sell some ice cream Still. He says, when he got here, he kind of froze up, like, you gotta stand here. I it's hundreds of people, really loud music blaring, other vendors yelling over you.


And then he thought about his aunt when he was a kid back in Ecuador. Luis used to sell flowers on the street with her Rosa, Rosa Roses, yellow roses, tulips, all kinds of tulips. And she would tell him, listen, you can't afford to be shy. So he says, he repeated this mantra, I gotta keep going, I gotta fight. I gotta go back home for my dad one day.


I gotta keep going. And he took a deep breath and he yelled it. All of this ice cream talk is making me hungry. You wanna go get some food? Let's go sit down and eat something. Mm mmm Oh, it's really good. You like it? Yeah.


It's so nice out today. I'm just, I'm really glad we, we got to do this today. Yeah, it's kind of the perfect day to do this. I am really glad we got out here. I'm just so glad that we get to spend a day at the park. And I really like, so I'm an immigration reporter and I work a lot between, I, I spend time at the US Mexico border, and then I come back to New York. And this last trip to the Yes, Mexico border was really hard. Is it okay if I talk about something kind of heavy? I, I met a mom who had just crossed and she had a, a toddler.


They were actually from Ecuador, and he, he was passed out. They, they had been walking all night and he was passed out and something had stung him in the eye and he just looked like, like, like someone had beaten the shit outta him. And, you know, it's, it's just, she was like, please help me. And I flagged down. Eventually a border patrol car came by and I flagged it down and I was like, Hey, there's, there's a minor, there's, I think he's probably like five years old.


He's passed out. And the guy just drove off And eventually, like an hour later they came back. But we were, we were trying to like, get this kid to like stay awake. This kid looked like, like rocky or something. It was bad. And in the next couple of days, I like, I couldn't cry. And I was like, why the fuck can't I cry? And I got back to New York and I get back to Queens. I take a day off, I go, I grab a coffee, you know, from those little cart.


I'm like, I'm gonna go to the park with a coffee. And this, this person, the coffee stand person says, do you want cream or sugar? And I just started sobbing And I realized a couple of things. I realized what an important space a park is for me, like a safe space. And I also realized like that mom And that kid, I don't know, like I'll never, I don't know where they are. I, I don't know, they were heading to the Carolinas, I think, but you never know. And one day they will get to have a picnic in a park like this one.


You know, like they will have a life. I just met them on the worst day of their life and they will get to be somewhere like this. It just really made me think about, I don't want my reporting to just be the worst day of immigrants lives. I also want it to be an a normal day or a beautiful day. I'm sorry, did I ruin our day at the park? Oh, no. I didn't mean to ruin our day at the park. No, no, no. That's why I wanted to do this so bad. Oh, and to hang out with you. Yeah, you're cool.


Jasmine, Do you wanna walk a little more? Yeah, let's go. Come on. So listeners, it's me again. Remember that walk I told you to take? Where did you go? This is our last episode of the year, and we wanted to step into the new year with a question for you all.


What's a special place in your life? One that you visit weekly or even daily when you feel depleted it, it fills you up. It can be anywhere, your community center, your gym, a weekly singing class. It might even be a very special aisle at your local grocery store. What is that place in your community that lifts you up? If you have a place like this, we wanna know about it. You Can send a two to three minute voice memo to us at upfirst sunday@npr.org. You can even include some sounds from that space.


Remember, this is radio, so we love to hear good sounds. Tell us your name and where you're speaking to us from, and we might share it in an episode this coming year. Thank you for spending your Sundays with us. Till next year, I'm Maisha Roscoe, and this is The Sunday Story. This episode of The Sunday Story was produced by Justine Yan. Gilly Moon mastered the episode. The Code Switch episode was produced by Xavier Lopez, Jasmine Garst, Margaret Serino, and Christina Carla.


It was edited by Courtney Stein and Leah Danella. It was mastered by James Willett. The Sunday Story team includes Andrew Mambo, Jenny Schmidt and Leanna Strom. Irene Nucci is our executive producer. Upfirst is back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend and happy new Year.


This message comes from CarMax. Buying a car is a big decision, a decision you should feel absolutely confident about. And when you shop with CarMax, you will, because CarMax offers a 10 day money back guarantee so You can feel confident that you made the right choice for you. If you are not completely satisfied with your decision, simply bring it back within 10 days for a full refund. Always shop with confidence at CarMax the way car buying should be. See CarMax dot com for details.


This message comes from Charles Schwab with their original podcast, choice Allergy, hosted by Katie Milkman, an award-winning behavioral scientist and author of the bestselling book. How To Change Choice is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Hear true stories from Nobel laureates, historians, authors, athletes, and more about why people do the things they do. Download the latest episode and subscribe At Schwab dot com slash podcast or wherever you listen.


This message comes from Warby Parker. If you wear glasses, you know how hard it is to find the perfect pair, but step into a Warby Parker store and you'll see it doesn't have to be. Find a Warby Parker store near you at warby parker.com/retail.