
I'm Aisha Roscoe, and this is The Sunday Story from Upfirst. And today we've got a big one recently. NPR reporter, Jenna McLaughlin, broke open a huge story about a whistleblower from inside the federal government. His name is Daniel Baris. And for him, it all started on a Friday at the end of February. I remember the moment vividly, I was at home and I got a call from my boss saying, Hey, my boss wants us to come in next week. It's possible Doge will show up On Monday. He sees a black SUV with a police escort pull into the parking garage at their office in dc.


Daniel didn't speak to anyone in the SUV, but he assumes it was members of the Department of Government Efficiency or Doge. He'd been hearing about Doge showing up with police escorts around town, and based on that call with his boss, he was expecting them to arrive that day. They didn't wanna interface with us. The, the admins, they wanted system access to the cloud. That's, that's what they were there for. And access to the cloud, they got, this is bar's whole job to guard the sensitive data in the cloud of his agency. He works at the National Labor Relations Board or NLRB, which is a small, independent federal agency that enforces the law to protect people from unfair labor practices, like when a corporation wants to illegally punish workers for organizing a union.


After the Doge team arrived bar saw one red flag after another indicating that sensitive data at the NLRB was at risk. It scared him enough to come forward as a whistleblower. He filed a disclosure with Congress and he approached Jenna at NPR bar's. Story gives us a rare look at what Doge was doing inside this agency and perhaps inside many others. And also what that means for the census of data of millions of Americans. Jim McLaughlin has covered cybersecurity for over a decade.


Stephen Fowler is also with us. He's been focusing on the big picture of the federal government's restructuring under President Trump. Jenna and Stephen, thanks so much for being here. Thank you. Thanks for having us. So tell me a bit about this particular whistleblower at the NLRB. Like who is he? Yeah, I was lucky enough to speak to Barus at length. You even got notes. I have my timeline, my handwritten, so lemme get that out before I get started And got to learn a lot more about him and, and what makes him tick. Let's just start off with you Introducing yourself. Sure. Tell me a little bit about you. So my Name's Danny when he was 16, he got a computer for his birthday instead of a car, and he just took it apart to see how it worked and put it back together.


I fell in love. I found the first video game I could play and it broke and then I, I fixed it by just learning every little bit about how the hardware works and what parts are broken and what's doing what. He did the same thing with electronics from the thrift store. Actually, he would buy radios and take them apart. He even said that he once got nearly electrocuted messing around with all the electronics. My, my, my pastime is I like to understand how things work And he's worked in this field for many years. Prior to being in the government, he was a technical consultant. He was a specialist actually doing auditing of corporate systems. So exactly the kind of stuff that Doge does that they're trying to do, that was actually brules his job.


He says he decided to join the NLRB because he was really interested in public service. He had done volunteer firefighting in the past. He had worked for a rape crisis line, but he wanted to use his technical skills to do more. The agency that I work at, they have a very specific mission. They are really the voice of the downtrodden and unincorporated worker. When they try to make working conditions better for themselves or their coworkers and management comes in and punishes them or fires them, that's where the NLRB steps in. So his job at the NLRB specifically is to secure the cloud-based systems. He reinforces who gets access to those systems and he helps keep out attackers.


So Daniel Barus has been working in cybersecurity for a long time. Walk me through what he saw when the Doge team access the NLRB systems. So normally anyone working on these systems, once they create an account, there's a ticket filed. You get to track a little bit about what that account is doing. But when the Doge staffers came in, Barilla said that his colleagues were asked not to track anything to just completely act like they were never there. The instructions given were very specific And that was do not log the accounts, don't log the access and stay out of our way.


How unusual is that request not to log? Like does that happen often or are there special situations where they don't log? It's really unusual. Every expert I talked to for this story, over 10 people said there's absolutely no reason that you wouldn't want your activity logged if you're doing something legitimate because at the bare minimum it allows you to troubleshoot to fix errors that are completely benign. If there is a potential breach or a concern about a cybersecurity issue, it gives you a lot of clues about what systems affected what happened, which users were involved. So yeah, it's, it's extremely problematic and, and it really set off some red flags for barus To give somebody a global admin account and not log or not track their activities or access that's keys to the kingdom.


I'm gonna close my eyes now and trust you. That's something that you just don't do. It violates every core concept of security and best practice. It's important to say, when we asked NLRB for comment on this story, they said they had no official record of Doge visiting that they'd never authorized Doge accessing their systems that Doge had never requested access. Of course, that's counter to les's official disclosure plus records of internal communication seen by NPR and the forensic evidence that we've been looking at. It's really possible that this first visit and this request not to log access was outside senior leadership's awareness that they didn't know about it.


Steven K kind of help us zoom out a bit and, and put all of this into context. How is this different from how the federal government has historically operated? So the big thing I wanna talk about here is the Privacy Act. It was passed in 1974 and that's a lot of the backbone of these lawsuits. Challenging DO'S access. Congress decided 50 years ago that there shouldn't be this so-called God mode in government and there shouldn't be the ability for one person or a small group of people to be able to access virtually anything and everything about somebody that the federal government keeps, I mean their social security numbers, employment information, you've got immigration information bank accounts.


The thing I want people to realize about this is that there is so much that we entrust to the federal government and federal agency data wise that individually doesn't say that much, but now there are people affiliated with Doge that have access to that information and also have access to the Social Security Administration and your social security number and any statements and benefits. And so even if they don't use it that way, we are now at a point where a small handful of people could build dossiers on people and do who knows what with it.


And that's something that has concerned people across the ideological spectrum who are very much worried about privacy. And so Doge is now inside the NLRB working without much oversight. What happens next? Yeah, Aisha. So for the first couple of days, Barus was continuing to do his job as normal. He went home on the weekend and then he noticed that this political reporter, Roger Sullenberger, tweeted about one of the Doge engineers and his public GitHub page.


So basically that's a place where You can host coding projects, collaborate with other people on that project, and he noticed that a project was deleted or made private before he was able to figure out what it was. But the name was really interesting. The name of that project was NX Gen BDO Extract. NX Gen is the name of an internal system that was designed specifically for the NLRB in-house built just for them. And because of that name, Les was freaked out. What is this file like? What is he looking at? Yeah. Every single person I talked to about this immediately just gassed. They were shocked that someone would actually call something this because the name BDO essentially implies that you're building a back door or a way to get into a system that's not authorized, a possible way to extract information.


When I saw this tool, I immediately panicked just for lack of a better term, I, I kind of had a conniption and said, whoa, whoa, whoa. So to be clear, we were not able to recover the code for that project. We can't know exactly what the program was doing without seeing the details of that code. But you know, even without knowing when it was created or how frequently it was used, the real importance of this is that it made brules concerned. That's when his real fears started to escalate A and And why did that scare him so much? Mostly because he was really scared of the data inside the NLRB getting out, particularly the data that lives in an extremely sensitive internal system, the case management system, that's where all the case files live of ongoing NLRB investigations.


So Aisha, here's some of the kind of data that NLRB has personal information about union members or employees that are voting to join the union. It has witness testimony in ongoing cases. It lists union organizers and leadership and you know, even if there's a possibility that that information was out in the wrong hands, we spoke to a lot of labor law experts who said that it could have a chilling effect, it could scare people from forming unions or coming to the NLRB with concerns or testifying if they feel like that information isn't going to be secure. But you know, even if you're not the biggest fan of unions, this agency also has sensitive business information. Companies sometimes cooperate with investigations, whether it's an investigation into potential trade secrets or something along those lines.


So it's possible that companies will have shared a lot of information about their internal workings that they also would not want exposed. So, so help me understand what's really at stake here. Like what really could come out of this data? I think firstly, if someone had this data, they could use it to create blacklists of union organizers, fire a bunch of people, target harassment, intimidation tactics at individuals involved in union activism. It could even give a company an advantage in an ongoing legal battle with the NLRB. If you've got insight into the opposing a counsel's notes, You can probably come up with a pretty good response. Meanwhile, a foreign adversary or criminal hacker might be really interested in that data too.


They might hold it for ransom, they might learn more about their competitors' businesses or innovations. And it's also possible that this data could be combined with some of the other sensitive sources of data that Steven's been talking about to build a larger dossier on American citizens. Steven, you've been covering Doge at large, like how does this complaint from this whistleblower fit into the larger story of what Doge as advisors are doing across the federal government? So the National Labor Relations Board is just a small pocket inside the federal government, but we have some of the most detailed looks at what Doge is doing and how they're doing it because of this whistleblower and also because of more than a dozen lawsuits.


These are federal court cases that I'm tracking and a handful of agencies challenging how Doge has access to the sensitive data there and the fact that they even have access to the data at all individually. These cases paint isolated pictures about employee one having access to database one here and so on and so forth. But we pulled all of these things together and found this pattern of a small number of Doge staffers being given access to virtually everything at all of these agencies that control just vast amount of data about millions and millions and millions of Americans. When we come back, the whistleblower himself becomes the target of secret surveillance and threats From media to tech to politics.


The world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now@donate.npr.org.


There was Barb Inheimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four Superman for a guide to the movies and TV we are most excited about this summer. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR.


Imagine If you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR, A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants, incompetent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, wait, don't tell me. Yes, that is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


We're back with Jenna McLaughlin and Steven Fowler. So about a week after they arrived, the Doge Engineers left the NLRB systems and deleted their accounts, but Barus kept looking into their activity and he uncovered other clues that that made him alarmed. Like what else did he discover? Yeah, there were some really weird stuff going on that any IT specialist that you talked to is gonna kind of scratch their head about. He saw them using what's called a container. It's kind of like a little bubble that exists inside of a computer where everything that you're doing inside of it is invisible to the rest of the system. So You can execute code, You can have it run a bunch of automated programs and then when it's deleted, when you're done with it, nobody really knows it was ever there or what it was up to in his disclosure to Congress.


Baris also said that they turned off multi-factor authentication, deleted logs, turned off security requirements for mobile access. You know, these are all security controls that would be really strange and unusual for a regular user to disable. And you know, for barus, all of this points to a real attempt to obfuscate activities to cover tracks. From what I saw, these tools have a very specific use, what you would call part of a hacker toolkit. And then the thing that was really important to barus is he saw this giant spike of data leaving the agency. That was one of the biggest red flags that he saw. He captured images of data transiting out of the agency over time, over several weeks.


And there's one gigantic spike that You can see right in the time where Doge had access, I saw that there was a good 10 gigabyte spike within the manner of maybe two hours that lined up right about the time that they had their access accounts. It would represent data that was being copied from within our system to outside of our system and for it to spike like that. That's across the board probably the number one indicator that you've been breached. So first bar Barola saw files leaving the case management system that we had been talking about. He described it as kind of the nucleus where all the sensitive stuff lives and stuff never leaves there. And then he saw a slightly larger chunk of files leaving the entire system and it was impossible to know exactly what those files were.


It's all extremely mysterious and sketchy, But, but has NPR seen evidence of this? You know, is he just making allegations or have people confirmed like what he says he saw? Luckily Brules came with the receipts. He included in his official disclosure, that same image I had been talking about, where it shows the spike of data leaving the system. So he was able to definitively prove that data left that should not have And and what makes him think that Doge may have taken this data. He really double and triple checked his work. He stress tested these theories.


So he talked to all of his colleagues. I went to, you know, obviously immediately try to validate that this was not legitimate copying. And so I first went to the dev team, validated that nobody was working on the systems at that time. It was like an early morning. So it did make sense for him anyway. He confirmed no one at the NLRB had been saving backup files that week or migrating data for projects. And you know, the timeline matched up. He essentially thought of it as, you know, even if Doge was not the one responsible for this, something unusual happened and it needs to be investigated. I spoke to Richard Griffin, he was the former NLRB General counsel from 2013 to 2017, and he told me in an interview that none of that confidential and deliberative information should ever leave the agency.


So, so how much data are we talking about? Like is it every file that the NLRB got? So it's not everything. The data leaving was almost all text files. It added up to around 10 gigabytes. Think of that like the equivalent of a full stack of encyclopedias worth of pages if someone printed them. But it's possible the files that were extracted were compressed into a smaller package or that only some of the files were extracted. They could have searched for something specific When he realizes that I was taken. What did Barus do next? Well, according to his disclosure, next thing he does is gather the troops. He got his IT team together to discuss possible insider threats, namely the Doge engineers.


So this group of people eventually launched a formal breach investigation. They were actually preparing a request for assistance outside their agency from the Department of Homeland Securities Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. That's a mouthful. You can just call them cisa. They have more forensic tools to investigate potential breaches than the NLRB does. But ultimately those efforts kind of just went quiet. They were disrupted without an explanation from somewhere higher up according to brules Instructions to drop it to not file the report. It was one of those situations where it just, it bothered everybody that was involved in my agency and my, especially my department to do that. And so there was a lot of concern amongst us about that.


So Aisha, I should also say that the NLRB told NPR that they did conduct an investigation into Brules claims. They said that they ruled out a breach. However, given the evidence in Brules disclosure that NPR reviewed, he argues that there's suspicious activity that should be investigated further in the days after requesting the formal investigation, it got even scarier. Brules actually found a printed letter in an envelope taped to his door at home, a place he had only been living for two months. And that included a ton of sensitive personal information. It had photos of him walking his dog that appeared to be taken with a drone. And you know, when investigators and myself tried to follow this data trail and figure out where this could have come from, we could not find it even in the tools that journalists have access to, to search through public records.


That's really scary. I mean, the idea of, it seems like someone's watching him. Does he know or have any idea who left that letter? It's terrifying. Honestly, he, he doesn't know law enforcement is investigating as we speak right now. There's not clear obvious suspects yet, but he's really scared because all of this really sensitive data, it was only available in his government file. He only recently updated it. He just moved like two months ago. When we come back from the break, Jenna and Steven consider what else could be motivating Doge to access all this data.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential power aging, and Evangelicalism Time travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR. Do you think you have a DHD? You're not alone. After the pandemic hit, there was a huge jump in A DHD diagnoses among adults. And at the same time, the internet is more and more obsessed with saying everything is a sign of it to identify the red flags when a diagnosis goes viral.


Listen to the, it's been a minute podcast today We're back with The Sunday Story from Upfirst. We're talking with reporters, Jenna McLaughlin and Steven Fowler about a huge story that they've broken wide open after talking to a whistleblower at the National Labor Relations Board or NLRB. So what are are the consequences of the access that Doge has gained to these systems? What kind of vulnerabilities has Doge left in its wake? So Brules can't confirm for sure, but he has reason to believe that there was potential malicious activity.


According to his disclosure, there were multiple login attempts to the system from a Russian IP address that was using the new credentials that Doge appears to have created. So Aisha, this happened within minutes of those new accounts being created because of all this experts told me that they could see the possibility that Doge has been compromised. I spoke to Russ Handorff, he's a former FBI cyber expert. He said malicious cyber actors, whether they're criminals or hackers working for Russia and China, might be really interested in getting inside the NLRB systems. And that's for a couple of reasons. First, we've heard US government officials sounding the alarm for years about stealing US intellectual property to benefit their own industries and companies.


It might also be valuable for blackmail purposes or to hold the data for ransom. But the thing about this is this cloud account could be connected to other government systems and handorff said that it could be a way for a hacker to jump off from NLRB and go somewhere else. Steven, you mentioned earlier that there's no reason Doge needs to access the data at the NLRB for their stated mission, which is to deal with waste, fraud and abuse. So why else might they want to collect it? Yeah, It is worth mentioning that at a lot of these agencies that Doge has had access to data, there is a benefit of the doubt to understand why they would have it.


For example, you know, at the Social Security Administration, they are looking at data to try to find evidence of people receiving benefits that they shouldn't have. This is nowhere like that. It could be used for business purposes, especially if you're Elon Musk. His companies have several active cases before the NLRB. There's a group of former SpaceX employees that have lodged a complaint against Musk as an example. And Musk and SpaceX are part of a group of companies that have filed suits saying that the NLRB itself is unconstitutional. So in theory, if this data was taken by somebody affiliated with Doge and given it to Elon Musk, he could have access to sensitive information about these cases that have been filed against his companies used to target lawyers or witnesses or other people involved with the case.


Also, it's stuff about his competitors. I mean, there are multiple competitors that also have cases before the NLRB and also have trade secrets or other intercompany workings that are involved here. Another thing I want people to think about is the potential for data scraping. There's been a lot of reporting across the government about Musk and Doge and the use of artificial intelligence programs. You know, things like x AI and grok that are being used to basically train on government data for things. So, so Steven, from, from what you're saying it is like this story is likely bigger than just the NLRB since Doge has gained access to several agencies at this point.


How have cybersecurity experts at other agencies responded? Well, We have seen testimony in those federal court cases that I was talking about of people expressing alarm, about how Doge had access to the data. But at the same time, there isn't really much of a response because many of these cybersecurity professionals have resigned, been forced out, relocated put on administrative leave, taken the buyouts that have been offered. So it's really hamstrung the ability to respond to or keep track of what Doge is doing. I'm thinking specifically of Erie Meyer, a technologies who stepped down after Doge did something similar at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.


Jenna talked to her for this story. She said, I'm trembling they can get every piece of whistleblower testimony, every report, everything. This is not good. Another employee at the Department of Interior Subagency who requested anonymity fearing retribution said their cyber teams are pissed because they have to sit on their hands when every single alarm system we have regarding insider threats is going off. That's a lot of red flags. How has the administration reacted? Trump issued an executive order that asked federal agencies to find ways to break down information silos and share non-classified data more easily across the federal agencies and to do so as applicable by law.


But as we've seen here, their interpretation of what the law is is different from some of these experts. And Aisha, the White House gave us a comment after we published, they said, essentially it's old news that dojos and federal agencies like the NLRB sharing data, they did not deny it. So what else has happened since you broke the story last week? Well, the top Democrat on the House Oversight committee ranking member Jerry Connolly of Virginia, is calling for an investigation into dojo's access to the NLRB to get some answers. Meanwhile, we got a copy of an email informing NLRB employees that two doge staffers will embed with the NLRB for the next two months.


You know, given the fact that folks like Connolly want independent investigations, it'll be hard to guarantee that those new Doge staffers aren't gonna mess with any forensic evidence while they're there. We're also hearing some IT staff have been locked out of the systems that they work on. Basically, they can't see what's going on or do their job with All of this. I, I'm, I'm still thinking about the whistleblower barus and, you know, the, the picture of him walking his dog and all of that across administrations we have seen that being a whistleblower can be dangerous. Is barus still at the NLRB? Now? BARUS is still employed at the NLRB and we haven't heard any indication that he's gonna be put on administrative leave or fired in their statement.


NLRB told us that they're committed to protecting their employees' rights to make official disclosures to Congress And that they will cooperate with any investigation. But I think you're right, it's a really scary moment right now. And for him to know that these Doge staffers might be in the office with him after he raised these concerns, it's really troubling. But Brules felt like it was really important to do this. He said it was a moral imperative that he has never encountered something like this in his 20 years of it. I wouldn't be able to live with myself otherwise. To know that this data was out there. It's gonna impact these cases, it's gonna cost people their real livelihoods and for that to happen with nobody knowing what happened.


That's the biggest travesty of all. And I believe with all my heart that this goes far beyond just case data. I know that there are other admins at other agencies I've spoken to who have seen similar behavior and they are uncomfortable speaking up. They're uncomfortable reporting it because at the end of the day, they have families, they have things on the line that have been implicitly threatened. When I standing up like this, I'm, I'm not hopeful for the outcome. For me, what I'm hopeful is that people look and say, Hey, somebody else did it. I can do it too. And if enough people stand up, it, it can form a movement. And these, these, these practices that they're breaking security and violating and stealing data without anyone knowing it can be stopped.


And he actually made a personal plea to the Doge engineers. It was a simple request, Be transparent. If you have nothing to hide, don't delete logs. Don't be covert about your entrance to agencies. Be open because that's what efficiency's really about. If this is all huge misunderstanding, then just, just prove it, put it out there. That's all I'm asking. Steven, you mentioned that you and Jenna are a part of a team investigating the restructuring of America's federal government. What's your team doing now and how are you continuing to uncover DO'S activities?


Well, there are still so many questions unanswered, both with this specific story and with other impacts across the federal government. So we are fanning out across the country, across federal agencies, tracking these changes, trying to understand how things are changing for the worse, for the better, or not at all. And you know, there's these dozen court cases that are ongoing that there are just going to be more and more developments. So this is a full court press from this team and from the entire NPR newsroom. Absolutely. And meanwhile, Aisha, we're already hearing from more federal workers after this story came out. They wanna share more about what they're seeing at their agencies.


So our team has a lot of work to do. So if somebody is listening and, and they wanna share some important information with you, where can they reach either of you? So the place to go is signal. The encrypted messaging application signal is a great tool. You know, it does a really good job of protecting the average user. It's not totally bulletproof if you're using a work device or if the phone itself is compromised, but for the average person, it, it does a really good job of keeping your data safe. And you know, just a note for full disclosure, NPR, R'S CEO, Catherine Maher is chair of the board of Signal. To find us on signal, click the little pen and pad in the top right corner of the app and search for our usernames. Mine's Jenna McLaughlin 54 and Steven Mine is my name without vowels.


S-S-T-P-H-N-F-W-L-R 25. Both of those are also at the bottom of our stories about this. Jenna and Steven, thank you so much for all of this incredible reporting on the changes happening in our government. Thank You. Thanks for having us. That's NPRs Jenna McLaughlin and Steven Fowler. You can find more details of their reporting on the NLRB at NPR dot org. This episode of The Sunday Story was produced by Kim Nader, fame Petera and Andrew Mambo. It was edited by Leanna Strom, Irene Nucci, and Brett Neely.


The mix engineer for this episode was Jimmy Keeley. The Sunday Story team includes Justine Yan and Jenny Schmidt. We always love hearing from you, so feel free to reach out to us at The Sunday Story at npr.org. I'm Aisha Roscoe. Upfirst is backing your feed tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.