
Investors in cryptocurrency are also investing in politics. Many are donating to Republicans this election year, and some Republicans are giving to an Arizona Democrat. They are trying to meddle into democratic primaries. How So? I'm Layla Fal with Steven Scape, and this is Up First from NPR News. An FBI timeline details some of the warnings law enforcement missed before an attempted assassination. The Bureau is investigating the man who shot at Donald Trump and they plan to interview the presidential candidate himself. Also, Simone Biles competes for the gold at the Paris Olympics today, while American swimmers are struggling, You know, and really the parody internationally, it's, it's really competitive right now.


There's so many talented athletes across the world. Now This podcast, however, remains number one. So stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions so you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Better Help. Social media makes it easy to compare your life to everyone else's, but therapy can help you. Focus on yourself instead so you can live your life to the fullest. If you are considering therapy, give better help a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and tailored to your schedule. Visit better help@betterhelp.com slash npr to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like The power to do investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated, registered broker dealer, registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


Investors in cryptocurrency are bidding to become a political force this year. Former President Trump spoke last weekend at a Bitcoin conference in Nashville. He's seeking votes and donors among those who play in cryptocurrency markets. Trump promised to fire the head of the Securities and Exchange Commission for his efforts to regulate crypto. The story we have this morning shows crypto's possible influence on a race for Congress, Arizona Holts. Its primary today, which means voters choose nominees for an open seat for Congress. And some Republican donors, including some with an interest in crypto, have been donating to a Democratic primary At VI'S congressional correspondent Claudia Zales joins us this morning to talk about it.


Good morning. Good morning, Layla. So tell us about this Democratic primary race that's drawn interest from high profile Republican donors. Why? Well, that's one of the enduring mysteries here. This is a pretty blue seat in this purple state. It's a 65% majority Latino district. It's been held by Democratic Congressman Rubin Gallego, but he's leaving it for a US Senate run. Polling shows this could be a close race between an ex top state democratic lawmaker and a former Phoenix City council member. They're both vying to make history here with their background. Former state lawmaker, Raquel Teran would be the first Latina to represent Arizona in Congress.


While former Phoenix Vice Mayor Yassin Inari would be the first democratic Iranian American in Congress. And with Republican donors favoring Ansari. It's become a bitter race. So what are the candidates saying about how this primary contest has been playing out? Well, I talked to both Deran and Ansari in recent days, and Deran argues that she's having to face off against Republican and crypto donors who are quote bankrolling former president Donald Trump. They are trying to silence our voices as Latino voters. They are trying to meddle into democratic primaries, taken away the voices of many working families. So how is Ansari responding to all this?


Well, she disputes all of it. She says in one case of Major Trump donors giving to her campaign because they're a family friend and they have shared heritage. And as for the crypto donors, she says she's likely drawn that support because she's pushed ideas on how to innovate the digital asset industry. Frankly speaking, I think it's a desperate attack from a campaign that has not spent much time at all focusing on what they actually wanna do for residents, but more on trying to tear down another Democrat, For example, she said she has no connection to the Winklevoss twins who are major players in the crypto industry today and donated the maximum allowed to her campaign. So Claudia, how unusual is it for Republican donors to be donating to a democratic candidate in a Democratic primary?


Well, It's pretty unusual, though we did see this in the last election cycle in a Democratic primary in Oregon falling crypto mogul, Sam Bankman freed in 2022 propped up a virtual political unknown against a Latina state lawmaker. It became one of the most expensive primaries in the country that year. But in the end, crypto's favored candidate lost to the state lawmaker. Now in Arizona's case, we know the industry has been through a series of major scandals in recent years, but yet crypto could make its biggest mark on this election cycle. For example, the Republican Crypto Protect progress PAC has given more than $1.3 million to support Ansari's campaign in just this one house Democratic primary race.


So it'll be interesting to see how this plays out today in this key battleground state NPRs at Claudia Zales. Thank you. Thank you. Former President Trump has agreed to be interviewed as a witness in the assassination attempt against him. The FBI says, it will talk with Trump as it investigates the shooting at a campaign rally. Just over two weeks ago in Pennsylvania, NPR justice correspondent Ryan Lucas is covering this investigation. Ryan, good morning. Good morning. What's the FBI hoping to learn? Well, this is what's known as a, a victim interview. It's standard procedure, the FBI says it wants to get Trump's perspective on the shooting, what he observed that day experienced just like any other witness.


And the bureau says they contacted him about doing this interview and that he's agreed to, agreed to sit down with him. I Just have to note, Ryan, this is a man who was under federal indictment, an entirely separate cases for the 2020 election and for classified documents. Do the agents agree not to ask him about any of that stuff? These sorts of victim interviews will be limited to the events of July 13th and and and what he saw that day. Okay. So they're focused on the assassination attempt and this is part of the broader investigation. What has the FBI been learning in that investigation? Well, it, it says that it's interviewed more than 450 people at this point. That includes folks who knew the shooter, Thomas Crooks, his family, coworkers, former teachers, classmates.


Remember crooks was just 20 years old. The FBI says crooks was highly intelligent, but a bit of a loner. His social circle was limited basically to his immediate family. He was interested in shooting versus a hobby that later morphed into formal firearms training. And at this point, the FBI says, it still has not determined a motive, but it says it does believe from what it's found so far, that crooks appears to have planned carefully ahead of the Trump rally and taken actions to try to hide his activities. What was he trying to hide? The FBI says, crooks used aliases to buy things online and not just any old things, but things related to guns and explosives. It says starting in early 2023, crooks made 25 gun related purchases online.


And then in the first half of this year, he bought precursor chemicals, basically the ingredients for making homemade bombs. Hmm. And he did so on six occasions. Ultimately used them in two explosive devices that were found in his vehicle. He of course didn't detonate those. So that is new. Investigators say that this is what points to careful planning concealment on crook's part, but we also learned more about what the FBI seen on his cell phone's computer, his online search history. And that includes that he looked up information related to power plants, to mass shootings, homemade bombs. And he also looked up information on the attempted assassination earlier this year of Slovakia's Prime Minister. I'm Amazed that after all that planning, he ultimately just improvised his way into a position where he could fire from a rooftop at the former president.


Has the FBI answered any questions about how that could have happened? Well, we got the most detailed timeline yet from the FBI on what Crooks was doing the day of the shooting, particularly in the immediate runup to it, the FBI says that at 5:56 PM So 15 minutes before crooks fired on Trump from the, the rooftop that crooks was seen walking on the ground with a backpack. So he wasn't on the roof at that point. Investigators say they think he climbed piping on the side of the building to get up onto the roof. And then at 6 0 8 he's seen walking across the roof to get to his final firing position. Three minutes later, a policeman, and we've heard about this, was lifted up to the roof, sees crooks, crooks points the gun at the cop who immediately drops back down to the ground.


And the FBI now says it was just 25 to 30 seconds after that, that crooks fired eight rounds of four being killed by a counter sniper. Now, as for the security failings that day, the FBI is not focused on that. There are other investigations, the secret service director and a senior FBI official are testifying about that before Congress today. And here's Ryan Lucas, thanks for the update. Really appreciate it. Thank you. Okay, let's go to Paris, where Simone Biles competes for gold today. And where there's trouble for the US and the water Americans have always been dominant at the Summer Olympics. Think about Michael Phelps in swimming.


But so far in these summer games, the swimmers are struggling, You know, and really the parody internationally, it's, it's really competitive right now. There's so many talented athletes across the world now, veteran American swimmer Ryan Murphy. Settled for bronze last night in the 100 meter backstroke. With me now is NPRs Brian Mann in Paris. Hi Brian. Hey, good morning Layla. Beautiful summer day here in Paris. Big crowds. It's gonna be really hot though today, So, but there are a few gold medals for American swimmers. What's happening? Yeah, you heard Brian Murphy there talking about parody the rest of the world, especially Australia's getting better and better. The US has seen some of its big stars retire like Michael Phelps and others are nearing the end of their careers like Katie Ledecky and Layla.


One other big trend that we're seeing here is that international swimmers are living and training in the us some of the big new stars in the swimming world, the future of the sport folks like 17-year-old Canadian summer Macintosh who won gold last night. Leon Marshon, the Frenchman who won his first gold. These athletes have come up through the US swimming system, but their gold medals are going to their home countries. So One more bit of trouble in the water. Bryan, the men's triathlon on delayed today because of poor water quality in the Sun River. Is this fixable? Yeah, the French took a big risk trying to clean up the sun enough that world class athletes could swim and compete there. Organizers say it was in good shape, but then all that rain hit Paris and it flushed gunk into the river.


So it's testing unsafe right now. They're gonna try again tomorrow. Now Simone Biles competes today in the gymnastics team finals. There have been questions about Biles left leg, possibly being injured. What do we know? In preliminary competition, Biles had heavily taped calf and ankle. She was clearly limping. Her coaches downplayed this Lela describing it as a muscle issue in her calf. She is scheduled to compete in all these events and she's looked strong, confident, really poised the US is gonna face some real competition from Brazil and Italy. But if bile shows up healthy, if she performs as brilliantly as we've seen so far, the US women are heavy favorites. Now, a sports doping scandal involving Chinese athletes has continued to escalate in Paris today.


US lawmakers are getting involved back in Washington. What's happening there? Boy, this just keeps getting messier. 11 Chinese swimmers competing at these Olympics tested positive back in 2021 for band performance enhancing drugs. The world anti-doping agency, known as WADA, is supposed to keep drugs out of international sport. But when WA WADA learned about those positive tests, they kept its secret. That's led to a lot of calls for reform of the anti-doping system. but it sparked this intense diplomatic fight. Here in Paris, the International Olympic Committee is siding with WADA and the IOC actually demanded that American officials back off the IOC threatening to revoke Salt Lake City's award to host the winner games in 2034.


Now US lawmakers not backing down at a press conference today, this bipartisan group of senators and house members expected to announce legislation pushing for big changes to wada. And athletes are also angry over this Layla, they want reforms to this system. And Pierre's. Brian Mann is with our team in Paris covering the Olympics. Thank you, Brian. Alright, thanks Layla. And that's a first for Tuesday, July 30th. I'm Layla Alden. And I'm Steve Inskeep. Your next listen is consider this from NPR News. Many Venezuelans who left their country hoped that this week would mark the start of something new. Instead, Nicola Maduro claimed victory in the presidential election once again and they're wondering what the future holds.


Listen to consider this. Today's episode of Up First was edited by Anna ov, Russell Lewis, Janaya Williams and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziyad bch, Ben Abrams, Nia Dumas, and Demil Ada We. get engineering support from Stacey Abbot And. our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us again tomorrow. Woo.


Wanna hear this podcast? Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Up First sponsor free through Amazon Music. Or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Up First plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.