
So it's hot there. Yes, very much so. Got some ice water, air conditioning. Can you hear the, oh, That's great. Our son bought us an ice maker. It makes that kind of soft little crunchy ice. Oh Yeah, I know what you're talking about. It's like those bags of ice you can buy in a store. Yeah, It's just like that. It's just, it's just homemade. So it's made with love. Oh, I get water and love. I get it. New details. Fill out an incident if Arlington National Cemetery. Former President Trump denies everything. It was totally false. So NPR has named two campaign staffers who had a physical altercation with a cemetery employee.


I'm Martinez with Steve Inskeep, and this is a first from NPR News. Prosecutors filed charges against the father of a 14-year-old accused of a mass shooting. These Charges stem from Mr. Gray knowingly allowing his son to possess a weapon. The news comes as Georgia debates, firearm storage legislation, what's on the table Also, what can the latest jobs report tell us about the state of the US economy that many people watching Include leaders of the Federal Reserve, which makes a decision soon on interest rates. stay with us. We've got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, the Capital One Venture X Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy. Plus get access to a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. What's in your wallet terms? Apply details at Capital One dot com.


This message comes from BetterHelp. It's back to school time. And even if you haven't been to school in a while, you can still learn a thing or two, particularly about yourself. Therapy can help you do just that by helping you discover your strengths, set boundaries, and adopt new coping skills. And BetterHelp Online therapy is convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash npr to save 10% on your first month. That's better, HE p.com/npr.


This message comes From NPR r sponsor CarMax boldly searching for your next used vehicle with CarMax. You don't have to settle on anything when it comes to your ride. Instead, steer clear of the ordinary and buy the car that's right for you because CarMax makes it easy to stop settling and find a car you'll love today. Start shopping now@carmax.com. CarMax the way car buying should be.


We have new information today about an altercation at Arlington National Cemetery. Yeah, This is the incident where staff for former president Donald Trump had a verbal and physical confrontation with a cemetery employee. The employee was trying to enforce the rules about photography on hallowed ground. Now, until recently, it seemed this incident is over. NPR first reported it, then both the US Army and the Trump campaign acknowledged it. But this week, Trump began saying it never happened. Now NPR has identified the names of the two Trump aids who were Involved. NPR, Stephen Fowler joins us now. Stephen. Good morning. Good morning. Okay. What are the names? So, according to two NPR sources familiar with the incident, Trump Deputy Campaign manager, Justin Capal, an advanced staffer and Michelle Picard, are the ones who got into that verbal and physical altercation with the Arlington Cemetery staffer.


That staffer was trying to stop campaign photographers from accompanying Trump to the grave sites in Section 60 because the campaign was told ahead of time that only cemetery photography was allowed by an official photographer. And federal law prevents using cemeteries as any sort of campaign tool. The Army says that staffer did not want to escalate the situation at the time out of respect for grieving families and has declined to press charges. We're putting those names out there because of the conflicting answers that the campaign has given about what happened. Oh, yeah, I'm remembering that at the beginning they acknowledged that something happened, although they disputed exactly what they made accusations about the cemetery employee, and they claimed the campaign did that they were going to release video evidence to prove their side of the story.


Haven't seen the video. Well, they still haven't released it. Steve, when our colleagues Quill Lawrence and Tom Bowman first broke the story, they reported the campaign, made antagonistic remarks about the staffer. They accused the staffer of having a mental health episode. The campaign did when the army statements that had happened and considered the matter closed. The campaign said they did too until Trump started posting earlier this week. He said on his true social site that there was no conflict or fighting at Arlington National Cemetery last week. It was a made up story. He also went on Sean Hannity's radio show to reiterate that false assertion that nothing happened. He questioned the motives of that cemetery employee and downplayed the accusations as attacks over publicity.


Do you notice that the person represented now doesn't want to talk? He doesn't want to speak or talk. Now, the the nice thing, the beautiful thing was all the parents and and relatives got together and, and they said, that's a false story. It was totally false. It's not false, and it's also not a one-off of this conflict between reality and the reality that Trump creates. Okay. Well, what is the broader context then of Trump saying something that just contradicts all the facts? Well, there's been several examples of Trump going rogue and saying something that then is different than the campaign's official stance. Take Florida's abortion measure last week where it seemed like Trump supported it.


Then the campaign said Trump had no position on it, and Trump quickly did an interview that say he actually opposed it even next week's debate, which his campaign agreed to. He now says it won't be fair and that Vice President Harris is somehow going to cheat. This story isn't likely to sway any voter's opinions on Trump, but it does tell us something important in a time when voters are about to cast ballots. Harris has a race, Trump summer polling lead, and every headline in every day counts. Stuff like this, muddies the water and shows that the campaign might not be rowing in the same direction as Trump And Pier. Steven Fowler, thanks for the update. Thank you.


Some other news now, the father of a 14-year-old charged with killing four people at a Georgia high school now faces criminal charges of his own. Yeah. Let's hear from Georgia Bureau of Investigations director Chris Hosey, who made the announcement last night, Four counts of involuntary manslaughter, two counts of second degree murder, and eight counts of cruelty to children. These charges stem from Mr. Gray knowingly allowing his son to possess a weapon. 54-year-old Colin Gray has been arrested and his son is scheduled to appear in court today. Sam Greenglass, the politics reporter at WABE in Atlanta, is following this. Sam, good morning. Hey, Steve.


I, I gotta tell you, it's like a, it's like a fresh wave of, of pain. When you hear that the, that a parent was charged in this situation, what makes authorities say the father was responsible? Investigators announced these charges as a vigil went on around the school flagpole nearby, but they've offered few details, these charges against the father for knowingly allowing his son to possess a weapon. Suggest investigators are honing in on whether the 14-year-old should have had access to a firearm. This is a significant development because earlier this year, juries found the parents of a school shooter in Michigan guilty on four counts of involuntary manslaughter.


A ruling, Steve that's thought to be unprecedented And, and now that same thinking seems to be applied here from the limited evidence that we know, we did have some information about weapons and what people said about weapons. I'm remembering earlier this week, we found out that in 2023, law enforcement visited the family home. They noticed guns were there, but the father told them then the son didn't have unsupervised access. So those are the facts as we know them. How is that influencing the debate over guns in Georgia? Well, weeks ago, lawmakers had scheduled a hearing on safe firearm storage, and yesterday it went on as planned the day after this shooting.


And Steve, the testimony got pretty emotional as a police chief, a pediatric nurse and a tearful parent encouraged lawmakers to take action. Action like incentivizing the use of gun safes, but also making it a criminal offense when adults don't lock up weapons that kids get ahold of. But these proposals stalled in the Republican controlled legislature this year, and Democratic state rep Michelle ow wonders if legislation could have stopped this tragedy to See a preventable harm that we had an opportunity to act on and we didn't is really something that doesn't just keep me up at night, but I wonder if it keeps my colleagues up At night. Okay, what are her colleagues saying?


In recent years, Georgia Republicans have proudly loosened gun laws, but they did pass a law this year mandating school safety plans and active shooter drills. Republican State Senator Frank Gin's district includes Appalachia High School and like other Republicans, he's prioritized hardening schools and mental health over changing gun laws. This sits closer to me than than anything in the world. This is in my Senate district and that that I haven't been able to crack is how do we get to these youngsters that are going into schools and shooting 'em up. So the question now, will a tragedy so close to home shift how Georgia deals with gun violence? Sam, green Glass of WABE in Georgia, thanks so much for your reporting.


Thanks, Steve. Okay. A lot of investors and economists will be holding their breath this morning when the August jobs numbers are released. Yeah, That monthly report is always closely watched, but today the stakes are particularly high at a time when both the economy and the Federal Reserve are shifting gears, Which we're gonna find out about from NPR Scott. Horsley. Scott, good morning. Good morning, Steve. Thanks for joining us early. What's so special about today's jobs number? Well, you might remember, July's jobs report came in weaker than expected. Yep. Hiring slowed sharply. The unemployment rate jumped to 4.3%. That rattled people. Some took it as a warning sign, there recession might be around the corner.


There was a temporary sell off in the stock market. So with today's report, we're gonna be looking to see, was that a fluke or the beginning of a more ominous trend? Most observers do think the job market is slowing down, but maybe not quite as much as that week July report would've suggested. Forecasters are projecting a little bit of a rebound in hiring in August with about 160,000 jobs added during the month. That would be respectable, but certainly slower job growth than we were seeing earlier in the Year. Okay. What's behind that slowdown? Assuming it is a slowdown? Well, Part of it is the high interest rates that the Federal Reserve has imposed in order to get control over inflation. Those high rates make it more expensive to borrow money for big ticket items, and so that's weighed on some parts of the economy like manufacturing.


A survey of factory managers out this week also found a fair amount of uncertainty over the upcoming election, and when businesses are uncertain, they might be less likely to bring on new workers. The good news is, so far we're not seeing a lot of layoffs. For the most part, employers are holding on to the workers they already have, and most workers are also staying put. Unlike a few years ago when people were quitting jobs in droves, often in search of better jobs. Today, economists, Neela Richardson, who's at the payroll processing company, A DP says there's just a lot less churn in the job market. Turnover is quite low. What does that mean? People are staying in their jobs. They're not quitting, they're not in the great resignation, and so there's less need to hire.


So this is still a pretty good job market for people who already have jobs. For those who are just coming into the workforce, though, it might take longer to find a job. There aren't as many help wanted signs out there. And in fact, the number of job openings has dropped back to the lowest level in more than three and a half years. Really interesting. So the great resignation is over, and I guess people have gone back to quiet, quitting. That's the great hunker down. Exactly. Just stay in the job a little bit longer, see how it works out. How does this news, whatever it turns out to be, affect the Fed's thinking. Fed policymakers are set to meet the week after next, and they've signaled pretty clearly that they're gonna start cutting interest rates at that time. Fed Chairman Jerome Powell says he and his colleagues are no longer as worried as they had been about rising prices.


Inflation looks like it's settling down now. They're more concerned about rising unemployment and they'd like to head that off. We Do not seek or welcome further cooling in labor market conditions. What we don't know yet is whether the fed's gonna start small with a quarter point rate cut or go big and cut rates by half a percentage point. And a lot is riding on today's jobs report. If as expected, the unemployment rate ticks down a little bit, that might give the Fed leeway to go with a smaller rate cut in a couple weeks. On the other hand, if today's report shows more weakness in the job market, then look for the Fed to be more aggressive and perhaps go with the larger rate. Cut. I'm enjoying Jerome Powell's phrasing there, Scott, we do not seek or welcome further cooling.


It's like you're, I really don't need this guest to come over right Now. Exactly. NPR Scott Horsley. Thanks. You're welcome. And that's upfirst for this Friday, September 6th. I'm Steve Inskeep, and I'm me Martinez. Don't bring it. upfirst airs on the weekend too. Aisha Roscoe and Scott Simon have the news and you can also check out NPRs consider this podcast. You can find it right here in this feed or wherever you get those podcasts. Today's upfirst presented by Megan Pratt Susanna Capeluto Rafael Nam Moham Al Bari and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziat bch, Nia Dumas and Lindsay Totty. And we get engineering support from Phil Edfors.


Our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Join us Monday. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org. This message comes From NPR r sponsor. Lisa, good sleep should come naturally. And with the new natural hybrid Mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm.


The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Plus every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash npr.