
After 54 years, the Ed's brutal reign In Syria is over. Va el Assad fled to Russia with his family as rebel forces swept into Damascus and Syrians emerged into a new reality. What kind of Syria is born in this moment? I'm Layla F. That's Michelle Martin. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. President Biden called the fall of the Ed regime, A moment of historic opportunity, But he also warned of the potential risks We're cleared eyed about the fact that ISIS will try to take advantage of the Vacuum. With the Trump administration coming in, how will he approach a new Syria? Trump Also gave his first network TV interview. Since winning the election, I'm looking to make our country successful.


Retribution will be through success. What did we learn about his approach for his second term? Stay with us. We'll tell you what you need to know to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares why Sattva Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At Sattva, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful. To make sure you make the right choice To learn more, go to SA tva.com/npr.


This message comes from Better help this holiday season. Do something for a special person in your life. You give yourself the gift of better mental health, better Help Online Therapy connects you with a qualified therapist via phone, video, or live chat. It's convenient and affordable and can be done from the comfort of your own home. Having someone to talk to is truly a gift, especially during the holidays. Visit better help.com/npr to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow, sell without needing to code or design. Just bring your best ideas and Shopify will help you. Open up shop. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


Syrians woke up this morning to their first day in decades without the Ed regime ruling their lives. The Assad family came to power in 1970 when Richard Nixon was still in the early days of his first term as US president. On Sunday, Russia confirmed that President Bashar Alad had fled to Moscow while and Damascus the capital. The rebels who seized control were led by an Islamist group, still designated by the US as a terrorist organization. Here to tell us what Syrians are making of this stunning new reality. Without Ed's brutal grip on power, we are joined from Beirut by NPR R'S Ruth Sherlock. Good morning, Ruth. Good Morning. So Ruth, an 11 day rebel push in Ed is gone after over a decade of civil war.


It's hard to even believe. What are we hearing from Syrians on their first day? Without the Ed regime in power, people Are dazed and incredulous. You know, there's celebrations across the country. Like you said, you know Layla, this regime was in power for over 50 years, and then there was 13 years of devastating civil war and the Assad family seemed to have won. Then it collapsed like a house of cards. The regime collapsed in the space of just over a week. So there now major celebrations across the country, but also among the millions of Syrian refugees, many of whom now want to return. NPR producer in Lebanon, Jo went to Al. That's a town on the border with Syria, where families have lived in tents for years.


He asked a refugee there m to describe what was happening. Now we are hearing the celebrations of the people they are streaming, that now they are free, like their, their whole country is free. You can, you can hear the happiness in their voices. And you know, in Damascus has been celebrations. Also some looting, but also Syrians are accessing places they've never been before. Like Assad's family Palace, this war plunged people into extreme poverty. Now you're seeing the opulence in which the Assad family lived like sports cars in the garages and Syrians are coming out of the palace holding fine China and silverware.


Yeah, I was watching those videos as they walked through this palace, seeing the richest he lived in as so many lived in poverty. I've also seen the videos of thousands of prisoners freed and just moving heartbreaking scenes. What do we know about them? Well over a hundred thousand detainees I believed to be unaccounted for In Syria. And now their loved ones want to find them. So you've got families combing the Snia Prison in Damascus. It's this huge complex, it was synonymous with fear and torture during the regime. Thousands of people have disappeared there. And now, you know, rights groups say that many of the prisoners have died there of neglect, of torture. There were mass executions in the prisons, but we're also seeing these incredible scenes of detainees being freed.


What you are hearing here is, you know, the sound from a video showing cell doors being bashed open as prisoners, gaunt and gray and dazed are crying wildly as they learn that the regime has fallen. Some are too injured to walk, so you're seeing them drag themselves towards the exit. And rescuers believe though there are many more prisoners underground in these cells behind thick walls. So now they're searching for a way to free them too. Really quickly before I let you go, there's also an American who's been held for some 12 years, believed to be with the regime Austin Teis, the American journalist who disappeared In Syria. What do we know there? President Biden says The White House believes he is alive and his parents, mark and Debra Teis have never given up.


They're speaking to the media, calling on Syrians to find Austin and help him. Debra Teis said, direct him to his family, please. And P'S Ruth Sherlock. Thank you Ruth. Thank you Layla. President Biden said Sunday the US is prepared to work with Syrians as they try to create a new government. Yet president-elect Trump is sounding a different Note to hear more on this NPR r's. Greg Miy is with us. Good morning, Greg. Hi Michelle. First The US carried out numerous airstrikes In Syria. What can you tell us about that? Yeah, this was really big, Michelle.


The US military carried out this very large airstrike on Islamic state bases in central Syria. The US is was done because a sizable group of Islamic state fighters gathered to train, perhaps hoping to take advantage of the turmoil In Syria. So the US says it hit some 75 targets. The US forces entered Syria to fight the Islamic state a decade ago and defeated the group. About 900 US troops remain in the country to prevent a resurgence. Now, president Biden said the US would maintain this presence In Syria. He called Bashar al Assad's alster both a moment of risk and opportunity and said the US will work with Syrians as they try to put together a new government.


But what about Hay Alam or HTS? That is the group that is now believed to be in power In Syria. They're still designated as a terrorist group by the us, aren't they? That's right. This group, HTS, has been on the US list of terrorist organizations For more than a decade. That means the US can't work with them directly right now. But the group is sounding more moderate and they say they will work with all other Syrians. Now, Biden says the group is saying the right thing, but the US will be closely watching their actions. So that's what President Biden is saying. President-elect Trump is striking a different tone. Tell us more about that and what should we expect from him? Yeah, Trump was on social media over the weekend.


He said, Syria is not a US problem. The US shouldn't get involved, should just let it play out. But that may be easier said than done because as we've noted, the US is already pretty deeply involved. And the US troops there are not just fighting the Islamic state, they're also protecting civilians. MUAs Mustafa is with the Syrian Emergency Task Force and American Aid group. He spoke about these displaced civilians in a barren area on Syria southern border. He says they depend heavily on the US military and have developed very close ties. If you spoke to any of these people and you asked them about the United States military and you asked them about the relationship between the two, those Syrians love the American military.


So Iran and Russia were both big backers of Asha Al Assad. What does this mean for them? Well, this was really the latest in a series of major setbacks for both of them and Iran in particular. Iran had close relations with Assad that used Syria as a a bridge to ship its weapons to Hezbollah and Lebanon. But now Assad has gone, Hezbollah has been devastated by its war with Israel. The same is true for another Iranian proxy, Hamas and Gaza. I spoke with gal with the Middle East Institute in Washington and asked her where this leaves Iran Losing Syria will deal a huge blow to Iran and its proxies in the region.


And that's why I think right now the leaders in Teran must be feeling quite anxious. And what about Russia? A huge loss for Russia as well. This was Russia's main partner in the region for decades, but Russia was re preoccupied with the war in Ukraine. It carried out a few strikes in recent days. Clearly was not able or willing to provide significant support. That is NPRs Greg Myy. Greg, thank you. Sure thing. And now we have another window into how President-elect Donald Trump says he plans to govern In his first network television interview.


Since winning the election, he sat down with Kristin Wilker on NBC's Meet the Press. I won on two things, the border and more than immigration. You know, they like to say immigration. I break it down more to the border, but I won on the border and I won on groceries. It's a very simple word, groceries. He sung the praises of the power of tariffs. He said he doesn't intend to cut off access to abortion pills. And he said mass deportations have to be done For more on this. We are joined by NVR, senior White House correspondent Tamara Keith. Good morning, Tam. Good morning. Okay, so you covered Trump's first term. You followed him and his time in office very closely. What did this interview tell you about how he is approaching his second term? You know, for much of the interview, he spoke in soft tones.


He talked about Unity and said that it would be the theme of his inaugural address. These are things that he has said when he feels confident and appreciated. And he voiced something that he's voiced many times before over the past eight years that success brings unity. Take this moment where Weer asked him about whether he plans to prosecute President Biden. I'm really looking to make our country successful. I'm not looking to go back into the past. I'm looking to make our country successful. Retribution will be through success. If we can make our success this country successful. That would be my greatest. That would be such a great achievement. Bring it back.


So you could call this the generous victor version of Trump, but there were other times in this interviews where he let his old grudges slipped through. Okay, so tell us more about that. Well, success is retribution was all fine and good until the House January 6th committee came up For what they did. Yeah, honestly, they should go to jail. So you think Liz Cheney should go to jail For what they Did. Everyone on the committee you think should go jail. I think everybody on anybody that voted in favor. Are you gonna director, FBI, director and your attorney general to send them to jail? No, Not at all. I think that they'll have to look at that. It's not entirely clear what he thinks they should go to jail for, but in an unedited transcript, he spent a lot of time repeating a false claim that the committee had destroyed evidence.


It didn't. And he said he plans to follow through on his pledge on day one to pardon people who've been convicted of crimes for their activities On January 6th, though, he did say the pardons would be considered on a case by case basis. Okay, so let's go back to policy. Immigration, a signature issue for him since his first run for office. Did he make some news here? Yeah, he did. He said he wants to come up with a legislative solution for dreamers who were brought to the US as young children who have been living here in some cases for decades now. And he repeated his desire to end birthright citizenship on day one. And then he conceded that it may require a constitutional amendment, which definitely couldn't happen on day one.


As for his campaign pledge of mass deportations, he said he planned to start by deporting criminals, but eventually it would have to move beyond them. Asked about mixed status families. He suggested the only way to avoid family separation would be to send American citizen children away with their undocumented parents quote. You have to send them all back. And he acknowledged their wealth could be images that emerge from these policies that turn the public against them. That is N p's. Tamara Keith Tam. Thank you. You're welcome. And that's Upfirst for Monday, December 9th. I'm Michelle Martin. And I'm Layla Fall for your next.


Listen, why not consider, consider this from NPR. We hear at upfirst give you the three big stories of the day. Or consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single news story and what it means to you in just 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by James Heider, Andrew Sussman, Roberta Rampton, HJI, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziad bch, Katie Klein and Ben Abrams. We get engineering support from Stacey Abbott and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from GiveWell. GiveWell provides rigorous transparent research about the best giving opportunities so that donors can make informed decisions about high impact giving. To learn more, go to givewell.org and pick podcast and enter NPR at checkout.


This message comes from NetSuite. What does the future hold for business? Can someone invent a crystal ball? Until then, over 38,000 businesses have future-proofed their business with a NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, and HR into one platform. With realtime insights and forecasting, you are able to peer into the future and seize new opportunities, download the CFO's Guide to AI and Machine learning for free at netsuite.com/story.