(3s):
Yesterday, president Joe Biden tackled questions about his candidacy. You're gonna drop out. Whatcha gonna do well, here's my answer. I am running and gonna win again. I'm Scott Simon. I'm Aisha Roscoe. And this is Up First from NPR News President was also adamant during an interview with a BC News. If You can be convinced that you can not defeat Donald Trump, will you stand down With defensive? I? If the Lord Almighty comes out and tells me that I might do that, Is his resolve enough to tamp down pressure from within his own party? Also, the Kansas Supreme Court reaffirms the right to abortion in that state And a reformist candidate wins Iran's presidency.

(49s):
Please stay with us. We have the news. You need to start your weekend. Truth, independence, fairness, transparency, respect, excellence. This is NPR Supporters at a Biden rally in the swing state of Wisconsin, Yale. We love you Joe. As the president made the case for his reelection yesterday, He also sat for an interview with ABC's George Stephanopoulos.

(1m 30s):
It was widely taken as the President's chance to regain his supporters' confidence after a faltering debate performance against Donald Trump. Biden says he's not dropping out of the race and that he will defeat Trump in November just as he did four years ago. And you, our senior White House correspondent Tamara Keith joins us. Tam, thanks for being with us. Glad to be with you. What's Your assessment? How did the interview go? President Biden was repeatedly pressed on his insistence on staying in the race and whether he might be fooling himself about his ability to win and serve another four years. But he was defiant. He insisted that polls showing him trailing are wrong and, and he often pivoted to talk about what he has accomplished and the danger.

(2m 13s):
He says, former President Trump poses, but at times his answers were also garbled with multiple ideas tumbling out at the same time in a way that made it difficult to fully understand his point. Like when Stephanopoulos asked him whether he realized while the debate was happening, how badly it was going, I prepared what I usually would do sitting down as I did come back with foreign leaders or the National Security Council for explicit detail. And I realized about partway through that, you know, all the, I get quoted, the New York Times had me down at 10 points before the debate nine now, or whatever the hell it is. That answer went on a bit longer from there.

(2m 55s):
But then there were other moments that were crystal clear. Like when Stephan Nolis asked Biden about his fitness for office, Can I run the 110 flat? No, but I'm still in good shape. Are you more frail? No. How? How sharply did he answer? What were some very sharp and real questions about not just debate performance, but fitness to serve? Well with regards to the debate, he said he was exhausted from foreign travel and then had a bad cold and that it was just an off night. Stephanopoulos asked him whether he had taken a cognitive exam and Biden said he hadn't, that no one told him he needed to.

(3m 37s):
And he insisted that he gets a cognitive test every day just doing the job, which has been the White House talking point for some time. Now. As a reminder, Trump who is 78 years old, claims to have taken a cognitive test more than once and insist he has aced them. Though a detailed report, really any details have never been released and these tests are not scored like the SAT Coming into this interview. There'd been growing conservation among many Democrats and increasingly open conversations from people who feel that the President needs to step aside. Does this interview change anything? There have been a few supportive tweets, but watching what Democrats say on the Sunday political talk shows will give more clues.

(4m 23s):
Biden's performance in this interview was pretty standard. Biden circa 2024, he stumbled, but he also smiled his big toothy smile and had the look of someone ready to prove all the doubters wrong. Before the interview, I spoke with Democratic Congresswoman Nima Williams, who's also the chair of the Georgia Democratic Party, and she couched it this way. Members of Congress wanna make sure that we are putting the best person forward. Right now at the top of our ticket is President Biden Biden. And I think once we're able to get out of this being the the main story, then members of Congress are gonna reflect where their voters are, and that is who is gonna deliver for the American people because that's what we want Right now.

(5m 7s):
Was doing a lot of work there in that quote. But she believes voters are less concerned with a TV interview or even a debate than they are about the issues and the very clear differences between Biden and Trump And what happens next. Tam, I was up all night refining that question Yesterday. Certainly bought some time for Biden to keep campaigning Sunday. He heads to Pennsylvania. I'll be tagging along for that one. Biden is set to hold a solo press conference during the NATO summit in Washington, DC next week. That will be another test of his ability to think on his feet. Members of Congress who've been out on reach, recess, return on Monday, and we'll see how loud the cries get. And Pierce. Tamara Keith, thanks so much. You're welcome.

(5m 55s):
The Kansas Supreme Court has ruled against two laws restricting abortion. That's a big deal because Kansas has experienced an influx of people seeking abortions from surrounding states with more restrictive laws. We're joined now by Rose Conland with Member Station KMUW in Wichita. Rose, thanks for being with us. Hi. Thanks for having me. Please tell us about the laws. The court struck down One law banned a common second trimester abortion method called dilation and evacuation. And the second one imposed extra licensure restrictions on clinics and doctors that provide abortions that go above and beyond restrictions on other medical providers.

(6m 36s):
Neither law was in effect, both had been blocked by lower courts, but the decision could affect future rulings on abortion in the state. And the Kansas Republican Attorney General had asked the state Supreme Court to overturn those lower decisions and reinstate the laws. Now I understand the court found that both laws violated the Kansas state constitution. How so? Yeah, so the majority opinion said that the restrictions violate the constitution's quote, fundamental right to personal autonomy, which includes a pregnant person's right to terminate a pregnancy. That interpretation actually goes back to a ruling from 2019 when the Kansas Supreme Court upheld a temporary block on the dilation and evacuation ban yesterday.

(7m 24s):
They said they stand by it. And for advocates that's giving them some hope that the court might look more critically at other anti-abortion laws that they're currently challenging. So that includes a 24 hour waiting period and a requirement that providers give patients misinformation about abortions. Like disproven claims that abortion increases the risk of breast cancer and future premature deliveries. Rose, why is this ruling so significant, both for Kansans and and for people who live in nearby states? It's a big deal because so many people are traveling to Kansas for abortions in the aftermath of the US Supreme Court's Dobbs decision.

(8m 8s):
So you know, the state has emerged as a leading abortion access point for people living in states with severe abortion restrictions and bans. Over two thirds of patients at Kansas clinics are from other states, and over half are from Texas alone. And just to put this in perspective, the Gup Macher Institute, which studies abortion access recently reported that about 20,000 abortions were performed in Kansas last year, and that's over 150% increase from 2020 Rose. What's been the reaction from people on all sides of the question? So Reproductive rights groups are breathing a sigh of relief. They weren't necessarily expecting the court to rule against them, but if that had happened, it would've signaled that the Republican controlled Kansas legislature might be able to do more to restrict abortion rights going forward.

(8m 59s):
Abortion opponents are not happy. They say the opinions overturn basic health and safety standards for abortion facilities, which isn't true, but is a recurring concern that they've raised. And they also see the state's role as what they call an abortion destination as really harmful and an existential threat to their values. Rose Conland with KMUW in Wichita. Thanks so much for being with us. Thank you. Iran has a new president-elect Voters in the runoff election handed a decisive victory to the reformist candidate sending a veteran hard line conservative down in defeat.

(9m 45s):
And Pierce Peter Kenyon is following the story from Istanbul. Peter, thanks for being with us. Hi Scott. Was this a surprise? What happened? Well, certainly it was a surprisingly resounding win for this reformist and for the moderates who supported him, the winner. His name is Masu Pian. He's a former health minister, a lawmaker, and he was squared off against somewhat better known, a hard line conservative, a former nuclear negotiator named SAE Gilly. And since the first round of voting saw a record low 40% of eligible voters turn out, no one was sure what to expect. But analysts say Iranians took a good look at these two very different contenders and gave possession more than 2.8 million more votes than Gilly.

(10m 27s):
So a decisive win. And what was the turnout like this time? We ought to note that there were not internationally recognized monitors for this election. That's quite true, and it would be hard to imagine turnout getting much worse than the first round in which none of four candidates managed to achieve an outright victory. Possession and jli were the ones who advanced to the runoff. This time turnout was a bit larger, but still below 50% of eligible voters. That's low for a run. It's a clear message. Voters preferred the reform candidate, but many still see no reason to vote. What do we know about the President-elect? How is he likely to govern compared with his predecessor? Well, there will definitely be a contrast between pian and the late hard line President Abraham Raisi.

(11m 10s):
He was killed in a helicopter crash resulting in the snap election, but perhaps not quite as dramatic as some Iranians might hope. During the campaign, pian laid out a very modest agenda, avoiding any major changes. When he met with student groups, for instance, they were definitely not very impressed. He has though promised to engage more with the outside world at which the hardliners were loathed to do, and he's likely to appoint moderate cabinet ministers. And we should note that Iranian president has certain powers, but all the important matters of state, economic, political, military, they're decided by the Supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Pian recently told a reporter he's wants to elevate the country, have people working together, not competing, fairly generic stuff.

(11m 55s):
And now I asked Sanam Akil, she's Iran analyst at the Chatham House think tank in London, what possession might actually accomplish? She said, maybe a more relaxed approach to social norms like dress codes, things like that. But she cautioned against being over optimistic. Here's how she put it, You know, these are his ideas. It's very unclear if he will be able to push them through and affect change ultimately, because the Iranian president on his own doesn't have that much independent autonomy. She did say any success in rolling back Iran's morality, police or the heavy press censorship in Iran would be welcomed by many. And of course, the new president takes office at a time of sharp tensions between Iran and the West.

(12m 40s):
How do we assess that now? Well, yes. Tensions over Iran's insistence on violating the limits in the 2015 nuclear agreement have only gotten worse over time around began violating the Accord after then. President Donald Trump pulled the US out in 2018. Tensions have eased under President Joe Biden, and of course, Trump is considered the presumptive Republican candidate in the upcoming election. So the prospects for improvement are unclear to say the least. NPS, Peter Kenyon and this done bull. Thanks so much. Thanks Scott. And that's Up First for Saturday, July 6th, 2024. I'm Scott Simon. And I'm Aisha Roscoe. Danny Hensel produced today's episode with help from Gabe O'Connor and Elena Toric.

(13m 25s):
Michael Radcliffe directed this podcast and he is awesome. Our editors are the magnificent half dozen, Roberta Rampton, Ryland Barton, Don Clyde, Matthew Sherman, Samantha Balaban, and Melissa Gray. Our engineers are also magnificent. Our technical director is Hannah gl, and we had engineering support from Isha Highness, Arthur Halladay, Lauren Tom Marquito, and David er, And the parade of Magnificence Doesn't Stop. Evie Stone, our senior supervising editor, Sarah Lucy Oliver, our executive producer, and Jim Kane, our deputy managing editor. He's omnipresent Tomorrow on The Sunday Story podcast.

(14m 8s):
What's it like when one political party has near complete control of a state? We hear how three conservative mothers in Tennessee learn to navigate their Republican controlled state legislature over the course of a year. And you can listen to more news, interviews, sports, entertainment, whatever you want, all weekend long on your NPR station. You can find it by going to stations.npr.org. It's available all the time. Yeah, I mean, I mean, you and I aren't right. No, no, we're not. Well If pretty much you're the mother of three. Yes, of course. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks?

(14m 49s):
Amazon Prime members can listen to Up First sponsor free through Amazon Music. Or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Up First plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.