
At a NATO summit, president Biden reassured world leaders about the strength of their alliance. How does he reassure his party about the strength of his presidential campaign? The president is under pressure abroad and at home. I'm Sasha Pfeiffer with Steve, and this is upfirst from NPR News. Ukraine's president turned up for the NATO summit and he spoke of a missile strike on a children's hospital back home. Coming up, we have an assessment of the damage. Also. An NPR investigation illuminates part of the process for death row. in Texas, the state executes people through lethal injection using a sedative and a law shields information about the executions. Our colleagues visit the pharmacy that provides the drugs.


stay with us. We've got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares why Sattva Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At Sattva, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful. To make sure you make the right choice, Save up to $600 through Labor Day Weekend at SA tva.com/npr.


This message comes From NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Enbridge. Since 2002, Enbridge has committed more than $7 billion to renewable energy and power transmission projects. Learn more@tomorrowison.com.


US allies have a reminder this week of how much their fate is tied to the US presidential election. They're In Washington for a NATO summit and President Biden spoke there about how the North Atlantic Alliance came to the defense of the US after the nine 11 attacks and is now working to support Ukraine Again and again. We stood behind our shared vision of a peaceful and prosperous transatlantic community. Here at this summit. We gathered a proclaim NATO was ready and able to secure that vision today and well into the future. But Biden himself is under pressure. He's trying to reassure democratic lawmakers, donors, and the allies in the room that he can win this false election and serve for more years.


When Trump was president, he had difficult relations with European leaders. Trump has also sometimes praised Russia's leader and said he will end the Ukraine war. Although he hasn't specified How NPR senior national political correspondent Ma Eliason joins us now. Mara, good morning. Good Morning. In An interview last week, two reassure voters that he's up to the job. Biden told George Stephanopoulos, watch me at this NATO summit. So we were watching, what did he do? Well, you heard him give a ringing endorsement of the principles of the alliance from the very same room, the Mellon Auditorium, where the treaty was signed 75 years ago. In terms of style, you're right. Biden has been under a microscope since his disastrous debate with former President Donald Trump.


This speech last night was from a teleprompter. He did deliver it clearly and firmly in terms of substance. It was music to the ears of NATO leaders. Biden said There's a bipartisan commitment to the alliance. He quoted former Republican president Ronald Reagan saying, if fellow democracies are threatened, we are threatened too. Of course, that's the idea behind Article five, which is the beating heart of nato. That's an attack on one is an attack on all. How are Europeans viewing this moment? Well, many European leaders are very nervous. This election represents an existential moment for nato. The US president wields tremendous, pretty much unchecked executive power when it comes to foreign policy. In the contrast, as you said, between Biden and Trump on NATO couldn't be clearer.


Trump has had a consistent antipathy towards nato. He had to be talked by his aides into staying in the alliance during his first term. He famously said he would let Russia do quote whatever the hell they want to NATO members who he thought didn't spend enough on their defense and Biden last night noted that under his leadership, NATO members have boosted their defense spending. Here's what he said. In the year 2020, your the year I was elected president, only nine NATO allies are spending 2% of their defense. GDP on defense this year, 23 will spend at least 2%. Biden is very, very proud of his legacy that under his watch, NATO has expanded.


Sweden and Finland joined. Yeah, and Not a small point that he mentions there. Trump's attack on NATO was built around the idea that they're not spending enough, which is a bipartisan idea. Obama said this, then Trump said it. President Biden is saying that most of them are now spending up to the levels that they committed to. But what does he say about the challenges the alliance faces? Now, Biden said, Russian president, Vladimir Putin wants to wipe Ukraine off the map and that Putin won't stop there. Biden said, the US and some other allies are gonna be giving Ukraine more air defense systems. The contrast to Trump was implicit. Trump has been extremely positive towards Putin and negative towards Ukraine. Many republicans in Congress were reluctant to provide more funding for Ukraine this year and held it up for months.


Now, Ukrainian president Vladimir Zelensky, is at this summit today. He'll be meeting with Republican House speaker Mike Johnson, and tomorrow he meets with Biden Very briefly. Where does he stand with the Democrats who are worried about his candidacy? Well, he's dug in. He says he won't step aside. Despite polls showing significant movement to Trump in the battleground states and Democrats are beside themselves, they're worried they're gonna lose the White House and that Republicans will keep the house and take the Senate And Paris Mar Eliason, thanks so much. You're welcome. Ukraine's president is also here in Washington, meeting leaders of the alliance that his country would like to join.


And he's saying that Russia will stop at nothing in its campaign to take over Ukraine. Zelensky spoke at the Reagan Institute here reminding his audience of a missile strike on a children's hospital this week in the Capitol, Kiev, Russia always knows where its missiles hit, always a direct hit. And the hospital building NPRs Ashley Westerman has been monitoring reaction to that attack. She joins us from Aviv. Hi Ashley. Hi. How significant is it that this particular hospital was hit? So the OK Maddi Hospital is Ukraine's largest pediatric hospital. It's known for treating child cancer and organ transplants and the hospital's.


CEO says the toxicology and trauma departments as well as Ukraine's only blood cancer treatment lab were destroyed in Monday. Strike. Yanu HA is the world Health Organization, country director for Ukraine based in Kyiv. It was devastating. We walked in the hospitals in several wards where equipment was damaged, damaged. We saw healthcare workers, patients, children with their parents in the shelter, but then also the ambulances coming to take away the children to the new hospitals. Now Sasha, no children died, but two adults did. And two days later, rescuers are still trying to dig people out of the rubble.


Now, Ukrainians are of course shocked and angry at what happened, but Hobar says Russian missiles hitting civilian infrastructure is not new. WHO has monitored, verified, and reported 1,882 attacks on health. So we have seen numerous attacks through all this war over the last two years. And now when these things happen, Russia typically says they were actually aiming at something else and a hospital or clinic happens to get hit. And that's the same thing they said about what happened on Monday. Ashley, You mentioned shock and anger. Of course. What else are you hearing about reaction to the strike? So Ukrainians are taking to the internet and saying, see, Russia even kills children to achieve their goals Here outside of Ukraine.


The condemnations have rolled in from Kiev's allies. President Biden called the attack quote, a horrific reminder of Russia's brutality. The UK's new prime minister, sir Kir Starmer said, attacking a children's hospital was in his words, the most depraved of actions. And nato Secretary General Young Stenberg said it was a horrendous and heinous attack. Speaking of nato, the NATO summit is happening in DC right now and long-term aid to Ukraine is on the agenda. Do Ukrainians have any sense of whether this hospital attack could could move the needle at this summit in terms of getting more aid to Ukraine? So Ukrainians would certainly like to think the attack has created some momentum in their favor.


And President Vladimir Zelinsky is not going to let attendees of the summit forget it. But Michael Kaufman at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace is skeptical. My view of events of this type is that most of the substance tends to be agreed prior to the summit itself, and that the summit is more of a convening event than not. So really, Sasha, we'll just have to wait and see how the NATO summit goes. That's NPRs Ashley Westerman and iv. Thank you. Thank you. Some other news. Now, Texas executes more people than any other state, and it carries out those executions using one drug, a sedative called Penta Barbital.


This Morning we have news of how Texas does that most major pharmaceutical companies refuse to provide their medicines for executions. States have passed laws allowing them to hide the names of companies involved. But NPR investigative reporter, Kiara Eisner, found and talked with a pharmacist who recently made the drug for Texas out of a pharmacy in San Antonio, and she's here in Studio 31 to talk about it. Kiara, good morning. Good Morning, Steve. So how did you find out which pharmacy made these drugs? I looked at documents from the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Texas Department of Criminal Justice Clues in there indicated it was a company in San Antonio called right Away Pharmacy and Medical Supply.


They had been working with the state since at least 2019. Right away is what's known as a compounding pharmacy. It mixes its own drugs from raw ingredients, and those drugs aren't improved by the FDA. Okay. I talked with former workers at the company and eventually called one of the owners, Rohit. He confirmed his company provided lethal drugs to the state, but said another pharmacist was mostly responsible. So then I called that pharmacist and he was honest about being the one who mixed the ingredients together and prepared the Penta Barbital injections. He did say the work bothered him at times, but that he had made peace with it. I guess I satiated my guilt with the knowledge that, you know, whatever they did was deserving of capital punishment.


And I'm not the one who decided that they would get that punishment. I was just the one that provided the means for it. Really interesting glimpse into the life of someone who participates in this process and also into this pharmacy, which has an interesting track record in Texas. That's right. So during the time that it was making this drug, and as Texas executed more than 20 people inspection documents from the Texas State Board of Pharmacy indicated that right away violated state rules. Some of them around cleanliness and sterile drug preparation more than a dozen times. And then in 2022, the US Department of Justice sued another right of way branch because it quote, fueled and profited from the opioid epidemic.


Attorneys there alleged at least one person died from an overdose shortly after the pharmacy prescribed her a high amount of fentanyl. The company denied liability but paid a $275,000 fine. Okay. Critics of the death penalty say pharmacies with histories like that shouldn't be trusted by states to make drugs used in executions, But they're doing the work. Why did they agree to do this work? It could have been for the money, but here's the pharmacist again, who we've agreed to keep anonymous. It was probably in the very low five digits. It was not a big money maker at all. And I even had guys from DOC saying, you know, you can charge more for this.


Hmm. The Department of Criminal Justice declined to talk about any of this with me. Texas plans to execute a prisoner named Ruben Gutierrez with Penta Barbital on July 16th. I asked whether the state intends to use drugs from right away to stop his heart next week, but the Department of Criminal Justice declined to comment on that too. Okay, Q's, nerve of NPRs Investigations team, thanks so much. Thanks. and that's a first for this Wednesday, July 10th. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Sasha Pfeiffer. Your next listen is consider this from NPR. We here at upfirst give you the three big stories of the day. I'll consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single new story in what it means to you in just 15 minutes.


Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's upfirst was edited by Roberta Rampton, John Helton, Robert Little, Janaya Williams, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziod Butch Ben Abrams and Katie Klein, who's our director today pointing and I talk. We get engineering support from Stacey Abbott and our technical director is Nisha Highness. Without whom you would not hear my voice, join us tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org.


That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes From, NPR r sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America Company. What would you like The power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


Support for NPR in the following message, come from Chevron. Chevron's offshore platform anchor is designed to help safely produce oil and natural gas with high pressure technology. That's energy in progress. Visit Chevron dot com slash anchor.