
President Biden once championed an effort to cut cancer deaths in half. Now his office says he received his own cancer diagnosis. The news comes amid a widespread discussion of his fitness during this year in office. I'm Steve Inskeep with Layla Faddle, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Israel has expanded its ground defensive in Gaza in operation called Gideon's s Chariots, forcing Palestinians to flee again. Why now? Amid ceasefire talks And recovery is underway. After storms killed more than two dozen people in three states over the weekend, Kentucky's governor says there's been an outpouring of help. And to each of those individuals looking at what used to be their home that are wondering where they start, there's gonna be a bunch of people that show up and say, start with me.


Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com.


This message comes from Sattva Spring Cleaning can be good for your home and your mind. It can boost your mood, sharpen your focus, and fuel productivity. Another way to do all that Sleeping well voted best luxury mattress by sleep foundation.org. Every sofa is handcrafted for a great night's sleep and they cost far less than retail. This Memorial Day save $600 on $1,000 or more at sofa.com/npr.


This message comes from sofa Spring cleaning can be good for your home and your mind. It can boost your mood, sharpen your focus, and fuel productivity. Another way to do all that Sleeping well voted best luxury mattress by sleep foundation.org. Every sofa is handcrafted for a great night's sleep and they cost far less than retail. This Memorial Day saves $600 on $1,000 or more At sattva dot com slash npr.


Former President Biden has been diagnosed with prostate cancer and it has spread to his bones. The news from his office comes as new attention is focused on biden's decline while in office. We're joined now by NPR Senior White House correspondent Tamara Keith to discuss. Good morning, Tim. Good morning. So Tim, what do you know about the diagnosis? Yeah, According to a statement from Biden's personal office, the cancer was detected after he experienced increasing urinary symptoms and it has metastasized to his bones and is a more aggressive form of prostate cancer. The statement says it appears to be hormone sensitive, which means there are options for effective management. And the former president and his family are reviewing treatment options with his physicians.


Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in elderly men, and Biden is 82 years old. He was the oldest president in US history, and there has been this intense focus on his health for years now, but especially after the disastrous debate performance less than a year ago, that performance that ultimately led to him dropping out of the race for president. And I wanna talk more about that, but before we get to that, I mean reactions have been pouring into this diagnosis or the news of this diagnosis. Any of them stand out to you. You know, president Trump, who spends a lot of time trashing Biden, was quite gracious writing on social media that he and the first lady were saddened to hear about his diagnosis and wish Biden a fast and successful recovery.


Former vice president Kamala Harris posted quote, I know he will face this challenge with the same strength, resilience, and optimism that have always defined his life and leadership. Now, Tam, you talked about his decline while in office and the focus of that, and this is all happening in a week where there were already, there was already going to be a focus on the former president because of the release of a book about his health while in office, right? Yeah, the book is called Original Sin, written by CNN's Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson from Axios. And it alleges that Biden experienced both a physical and cognitive decline while in office, And that those closest to him covered it up in an interview with NPR Scott Dero that will air on all Things Considered later today.


Tapper said everyone loses their train of thought or forgets a name from time to time, but this was different. We're talking about to the point of you are not able to have a conversation. You are not able to come up with data, information, knowledge, names that you should have at the ready, Including not recognizing George Clooney at a fundraiser. Biden on the view said the authors are wrong and there is nothing to sustain their claims. Now, the claims in this book are there broader implications here about Biden's fitness while in office. Yeah, this is likely to be an extended and uncomfortable news cycle for Democrats who are trying to move on and restore trust with voters.


Voters who made it clear they thought Biden was too old to run for reelection well before the Democratic establishment acknowledged it. But the midterm elections are nearly 18 months away. The economy and President Trump's leadership are almost certainly going to be bigger issues than Joe Biden, who is already in the rear view mirror. And in a week where Republicans are trying to advance Trump's one big beautiful bill, which includes both tax cuts and spending cuts. Democratic politicians would much rather be talking about what's in that bill. Then rehashing the political tragedy of Joe Biden And PR is Tamara Keith, thank you for joining us, Tam. You're Welcome.


Israel has launched a new ground offensive in Gaza, And Palestinians are fleeing bombardment. They report more than 100 people were killed on Sunday, including women and children. The intensified war comes at the same time that Israel and Hamas are holding new ceasefire negotiations and Israel says it will let some food in medicine back into Gaza after a blockade of almost three months. NBRs Daniel Estrin is covering this story and he joins us now. Good morning, Daniel. Good morning, Layla. So a lot of big developments this weekend, and so let's just break them down one at a time. And let's start with the ground defensive. What do we know there? Israel had been threatening to expand the war if a deal with Hamas was not reached by the time President Trump left the region late last week.


And now that officially has begun. The operation is called Gideon's s Chariots. It began Sunday, just in the last few days, more than a hundred people have been killed on average every day. According to Gaza health officials. NPRs Anas Baba is in Gaza city. He's been watching Palestinians flee this heavy bombardment from northern Gaza. They're fling by donkey cart and by foot. The People here, they look dispart pill, some of them they cannot even walk. You can see the children in front of me. At the meantime, they are carrying pots and empty, canned and rooming the streets. And I spoke with one man who was fleeing while Ani.


And that man described intense bombing and shelling. He said he was fleeing planes who were striking artillery, fire tanks, Israeli military dropping flyers, ordering evacuations from the area. The Israeli military spokesman says that unlike earlier in the war where troops were going in and out of areas in Gaza, he says that any territory captured by Israel this time is going to remain under its control. Hmm. Israel is threatening to gradually expand this new offensive until they reach a deal with Hamas to release hostages. So as you describe this intensifying of attacks, there's also news of ceasefire negotiations that began this weekend. Is there any hope these will be successful?


There are positive signs I'm seeing, but it is still too soon to tell. I spoke to a person briefed on the negotiations who did not have authorization to speak publicly, but offered some details on condition of anonymity and said that the talks between Hamas and Israel are advancing. They are discussing the details of what would possibly be a two month ceasefire and around 10 Israeli hostages freed. They're discussing what kind of Palestinian prisoners would be released in exchange and negotiating international guarantees that Hamas is demanding. They want to see that this temporary ceasefire would include talks about a permanent end of the war. And the US says that it's actively engaged in these talks.


And let's get to that blockade now about nearly three months. Israel's now saying it's decided to allow food and supplies back into Gaza. Is this a full lifting of that blockade? Well, there had been a total ban on food and all supplies into Gaza for nearly three months to pressure Hamas to release hostages. Now, Israeli officials say they are going to allow in a basic quantity of food to prevent starvation. Experts have been warning of looming famine. And Prime Minister Benjamin Netan has been facing right-wing criticism in Israel about renewing this food. And he said, look, we would not be able to continue to have international support for our offensive in Gaza if there is mass starvation.


He said, we're gonna take control of Gaza. We need to do it in a way that they won't stop us Hearing prs. Daniel Estro. Thank you, Daniel. You're Welcome. More than two dozen are dead across Kentucky, Missouri, and Virginia. After a storm sent tornadoes through these states over the weekend, The storm leaves behind a few questions, including these, how will states manage the aftermath and how much warning did people get after staff cuts in an office of the National Weather Service? Let's turn now to Justin Hicks, who's covering the story for Kentucky Public Radio. Justin, good morning. Hey, Good morning, Layla.


Can You give us a brief recap of what happened in Kentucky? Yeah. So on Friday evening, just about all of Kentucky was bracing for this line of severe thunderstorms that were heading west to east. And we were all told to expect high winds, hail, maybe even tornadoes, with just about midnight, the National Weather Service. Now estimates there was a tornado with a roughly 150 mile per hour winds that just tore through central Kentucky. Now you're in London, Kentucky. What's the scene right now? How are people feeling? Yeah, so while Main Street looks pretty normal, just about a five minute drive away, there's houses that are just turned over. That's where I found Matthew Belcher. And he was still in shock yesterday after the tornado, he said he emerged to find that his house was mostly fine, but right across the street at this mobile home park, other homes had just disappeared into the wind.


And yesterday some RVs were still wrapped around tree trunks. It was wild. We had a bunch of power lines. People were rushing to get out and we driving through them, but we got very, very blessed considering that we are 15, 20 feet away from mass destruction. And then Belcher says his neighborhood was told they may not have running water or power again for weeks. Hmm. Because you could see all the light poles are just leaning or snapped in two. And meanwhile everyone with damages have been scrambling to patch holes in their houses or get keepsakes removed. 'cause the weather experts are telling us that another round of thunderstorms is coming tonight and Tuesday. Speaking of weather events, there's been some reporting too about the local National Weather Service Office having staffing cuts thanks to these federal cost saving measures.


What do we know about how that affected the office's ability to warn about the storm? So our Kentucky Public Radio team found that on quiet nights, the local office was closing from about one to 7:00 AM to conserve staff. But then on nights with bad weather, they are able to shift things around to make sure they are fully staffed. And so the office's lead meteorologist says they were fully staffed and they were prepared on Friday night. They said that they knew a tornado was possible And that the failure to notify people just isn't an option for them. Now you're in the midst of the destruction there in London and you've been talking to survivors and volunteers and looking at the wreckage. Were there any moments that stuck out to you? Yeah, so I spoke to this guy named Jake Kuchen.


He was there helping his girlfriend's family, the Karns family, and they were all digging through what was left of the house after the tornado just blew the entire second story in the roof off. And so we sort of sat on the rubble of that second story with our feet dangling off the edge, and we sort of watched this beautiful purple sunset over this totally decimated neighborhood. And sitting there, Chens just started un reeling his thoughts. You know, the thing that they recovered the most outta here was pictures. And somehow every one of them stops and looks at a picture and smiles and laughs and they're telling stories and it's, it is Appalachia's heart right here, and it's the coolest thing to just see it.


So I think it's just little moments like that that really help put things in perspective after such a big tragedy. Absolutely. That's Justin Hicks with Kentucky Public Radio. Justin, thank you for your reporting. Of course. Thanks. And that's Upfirst for Monday May 19th. I'm Layla Alden. And I'm Steve Inskeep. Thanks for waking up with NPR News. Your NPR station is what makes Upfirst possible. Each morning you support their work, and when you do that, you also support ours. Go to donate dot NPR dot org slash upfirst. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Kevin Drew, Carrie Kahn, Anna Yukhananov, Ally Schweitzer, and Alice Woe. Leo is produced by Ziad bch, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas.


We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent and our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us again tomorrow.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, You can manage your wealth your way At Schwab. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more.


This message comes from Greenlight ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest Start your risk-free trial at greenlight.com/npr.


This message comes from Charles Schwab with their original podcast. Choice Choice is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Download the latest episode and subscribe At Schwab dot com slash podcast.