0 (1s):
Okay. Alright. I heard that it's the Thursday sigh. One more day we

1 (7s):
Go. The Thursday sigh. Yes. It's Thursday, July 25th.

2 (11s):
Ah,

1 (16s):
President Biden explained his decision to step aside In a speech from the Oval Office.

3 (21s):
I've decided the best way forward is to pass the torch to a new generation.

0 (26s):
What's on the agenda for his remaining time in office?

1 (28s):
I'm Steve with Michelle Martin and this is Up First from NPR News. Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu meets President Biden today and we'll meet separately with Vice President Harris. Where do the president and vice president differ on Israel and Gaza

0 (46s):
And voters are paying attention to how Kamala Harris's record on law enforcement could play out in a contest against Donald Trump. When

4 (53s):
You can say this is a clear case of a prosecutor against a felon, it's a home run.

0 (59s):
Stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.

BetterHelp (1m 9s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Better Help. Social Media makes it easy to compare your life to everyone else's, but therapy can help you. Focus on yourself instead so you can live your life to the fullest. If you are considering therapy, give better help a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and tailored to your schedule. Visit better help@betterhelp.com slash NPR to get 10% off. Your first month

Amazon Business (1m 39s):
Support for npr and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions so you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.

Whatsapp (1m 55s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor WhatsApp. Texting between two different kinds of phones can sometimes make communication difficult, but with WhatsApp, everyone can enjoy messaging with the added protection of end-to-end encryption. Streamline your messages across all devices on WhatsApp message privately with everyone.

Shopify (2m 12s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com slash Up. First.

0 (2m 29s):
President Biden did not want to end his bid for reelection, but he said the stakes were just too high to risk it.

3 (2m 35s):
I believe my record is president, my leadership in the world, my vision for America's future All merit at a second term, but nothing, nothing can come in the way of saving our democracy. That includes personal ambition. So I've decided the best way forward is to pass the torch to a new generation.

1 (2m 60s):
The president spoke of his decision to step aside and also asserted that he still has work to do in his final six months behind the Oval Office desk from which he addressed the nation.

0 (3m 10s):
Joining us now to talk more about this is NPR Senior White House correspondent Tamara Keith up again early after a long night Tam.

7 (3m 17s):
Yeah, good morning.

0 (3m 18s):
Thanks for doing that. So, so what was Biden trying to accomplish with this address?

7 (3m 23s):
Well, this was a monumental moment for Biden marking the end, or at least the beginning of the end of a very long career in public life. And his family sat lining the walls of the Oval Office as he spoke, the first lady, his grandkids, his kids. He spoke as, as Steve said, from behind the resolute desk, this place of very serious presidential addresses. And this was about explaining the very difficult decision he made to step aside and putting it in a noble light. He was also making an appeal to the American people to think about what kind of country they want. At the very end, Biden delivered this emotional expression of gratitude, saying that he had given his heart and soul to the nation over 50 years in public life and has been blessed with the love and support of the American people.

3 (4m 8s):
I hope you have some idea how grateful I am to all of you. The great thing about America is here, kings and dictators do not rule. The people do.

7 (4m 20s):
This wasn't the place for the overtly political language you would hear at a campaign rally. So he never said former President Trump's name, but the subtext was quite clear. It

0 (4m 30s):
Was clear, but you know, the speech had the feeling of a farewell addressed tam, but he still has six months left in office. What did he say he wants to do with the time he has left?

7 (4m 39s):
You know, it really felt like the oxygen drained out of his presidency when he announced he was dropping out of the race for reelection. But practically speaking, this term was already in a lame duck phase. His biggest achievements happened before Democrats lost control of the house in 2023. So a lot of what he can do in these final months is implementation, distributing funds for infrastructure and climate projects, cementing regulations. He said he is going to keep fighting for reproductive rights and civil rights. He's gonna keep working on the economy and trying to lower costs and he'll speak out against extremism and political violence. And of course he is still trying very hard to get a ceasefire for hostages deal in daza.

0 (5m 19s):
Tim, we have a lot of time to talk about this, but at the end of the day, how do you think his legacy will be defined?

7 (5m 24s):
Well, you know, there's been a lot of praise from Democrats about Biden's selflessness since his announcement on Sunday. But the real judgment comes in November by realizing he needed to step aside at this very late date, he foreclosed any possibility of a real primary. Right now Democrats are very excited about Vice President Harris as the likely nominee, but this race is still very close. If Harris wins, Biden will be remembered as the rare president who put his party and country ahead of his ego. If she loses, then he is both the person who removed Trump from office and ushered him back in.

0 (5m 56s):
That is NPS Tamara Keith waking up early again after another late night. Tam, thank you.

8 (6m 1s):
You're welcome.

0 (6m 10s):
Israel's Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu spoke to the US Congress again yesterday.

1 (6m 14s):
He's given addresses to Congress for different times, which is more than any foreign leader in history. He's been around for a while. Netanyahu's latest yesterday included flourishes, often seen in a presidential state of the Union address. He told stories of guests in the audience to illustrate and defend Israel's war against Hamas

9 (6m 35s):
For the forces of civilization to triumph America and Israel must stand together.

1 (6m 42s):
Today the Prime Minister meets President Biden at the White House and also meets with Vice President Harris. How she engages Netanyahu matters more now that she's running for President.

0 (6m 52s):
NPR White House correspond as muhas with us now to tell us more about that. Good morning, Asma.

8 (6m 57s):
Good

0 (6m 57s):
Morning. So I wanted to ask you how you characterize the Vice President's policies on Gaza. I mean, obviously she's the vice president, so you'd assume that her policies would have to be in lockstep with the Presidents, but, but what would you say about how she approaches the issue?

8 (7m 13s):
Well, the substance of what she's saying is similar to Biden, but she differs in style and tone. Harris A did describe her as having a quote, unwavering commitment to the security of Israel. I also talked with an advisor from Harris's days in the Senate, Haley Soyer, who told me what it was like at a recent White House event in which she saw the Vice President take on a real leadership role in condemning the use of sexual violence in the October 7th attacks. But really, Michelle, the real difference from Biden is how Harris talks about people in Gaza. Take a listen to her comments from this past march in Selma, Alabama.

10 (7m 45s):
What we are seeing every day in Gaza is devastating. We have seen reports of families eating leaves or animal feed, women giving birth to malnourished babies with little or no medical care.

8 (8m 3s):
I've spoken with multiple people who've remarked to me that Harris shows a greater degree of empathy for Palestinian civilians than they have heard publicly from Biden.

0 (8m 12s):
Have these words affected how voters see her?

8 (8m 15s):
Well, people I've spoken with in the Arab American community say that Harris is not viewed as being as toxic as Biden. I was speaking to Rua Roman, she's a Democratic Georgia state legislator, a Palestinian American, and she put it this way.

11 (8m 29s):
I can tell you right now that if I had, for example, tried to go to a mosque or Arab community event and urge them to vote for Joe Biden, I would never be invited back. The anger was so deep and the hurt was so deep. Even for me, I tell people that and I think people would at least be open to hearing from her and to let her make her case.

8 (8m 49s):
And some Democrats who voted uncommitted during the primaries told me that they're willing to give Harris a chance. I mean, to be clear, they are not saying they will definitively vote for her, but there's a possibility. I'll also say that Harris was one of the earlier people in the administration to show a less dismissive response to some of the protests here at home.

0 (9m 7s):
Today she is meeting separately with Israel's prime minister separately from Biden. What do you expect from her meeting?

8 (9m 14s):
What I'm watching for is how closely she sticks to the President. You know, she inherits this problem now in her campaign and following the attack in October that killed more than 1200 people. There are now more than 39,000 Palestinians who've been killed, and there's still no ceasefire. And some people will blame her because she is a part of this administration. She has a real delicate balancing act where she's going to try not to alienate supporters of Israel who make up a key part of the Democratic party. But she's also trying to win back some of the young progressive brown and black voters whom Biden alienated with some of his decisions about this war. That

0 (9m 48s):
Is n Psha Asma. Thank you.

8 (9m 50s):
Good to talk to you.

0 (10m 0s):
Vice President Harris faces another fundamental challenge to win the election. The likely Democratic nominee will have to hold together a broad coalition, and they have some very different views on some issues. President Biden managed this in 2020, but the coalition has frayed, as we've just heard, and Harris is a different figure. Her challenge becomes plain when it comes to her record in law enforcement. My co-host, Steve Inskeep has been talking with voters in Western Pennsylvania. Steve, what'd you find out?

1 (10m 24s):
Well, some contrasting opinions of a big part of Harris' resume her history as a San Francisco prosecutor in California Attorney General, she raised this in her first campaign event while running for president, talking of Donald Trump and saying, as a prosecutor, she knew what a predator was or a fraudster. How voters take that message depends on who you talk to. On NPRs morning edition yesterday we heard Kathleen Madonna Emerling, a Democratic party activist in the Pittsburgh suburbs who really likes her new candidate.

4 (10m 56s):
My first thought was, this is the ideal suburban candidate because she straddles the line between being approachable, relatable, joyful, even while also having incredible public safety credentials. Because often in the suburbs, people want someone who is pro-public safety, pro-police

1 (11m 22s):
Because many people in her suburb have military or police backgrounds.

4 (11m 27s):
And when you can say this is a clear case of a prosecutor against a felon, it's a home run.

1 (11m 33s):
Although for some people in the Democratic Coalition, Michelle, this is a more complicated subject and

0 (11m 38s):
I can, I can cosign that 'cause I have, as they say, people of that way where you are. So, so what is another way people see the Vice President's record

1 (11m 46s):
As a potential mark against her. I also went into Central Pittsburgh this week to the Hill District, which is a historically black neighborhood and talked with Adrian Dilworth. She said she had mixed feelings about Harris. We spoke here while dodging cars in a grocery store parking lot.

12 (12m 4s):
I think they should have put out a broader net for candidates to see who could beat actually the best and not just, you know, like, okay, we're just gonna push the VP for the position.

1 (12m 15s):
Why do you have mixed feelings about Vice President Harris?

12 (12m 19s):
I just, some of her history here, we

1 (12m 21s):
Better get away from this. I don't want to,

12 (12m 24s):
That's okay. but

1 (12m 25s):
It, it would be bad for the interview if you run over in

12 (12m 27s):
Middle. Oh yeah, no, we're not gonna have that. Alright. From just some of what I'm hearing From what of her history of some of the people that she's in had incarcerated in the past,

1 (12m 37s):
She was referring to part of Harris's record as a prosecutor. She fought to put people in prison. Sometimes she clashed with civil rights groups and activists over her decisions. And she's been attacked over the years on the left for this. Now the attack is being repeated by Republicans. I guess you could say that Republicans are just trolling here, but they are also explicitly seeking some of the black vote for Donald Trump. And

0 (12m 60s):
You can see where that might resonate with some people in a community that has had this complicated, as you say, relationship with law enforcement. Oh

1 (13m 7s):
Yeah. I've interviewed people in that same neighborhood in past years, and I once met a voter who was 22 and said she'd already been jailed twice for things that she said she didn't do. So to hold together that Democratic Coalition, Harris needs law and order people, and also people who are skeptical of law and order as it is sometimes practiced in the United States. And we can expect her record to be scrutinized. Although I should add in that same neighborhood. I also found people who were very eager to vote for Harris, excited to vote for a woman, and they were organizing with a new intensity

0 (13m 37s):
That is Steve Inskeep in Pittsburgh. Steve, thank you. Glad

1 (13m 40s):
To do it.

0 (13m 45s):
And it's Up First for Thursday, July 25th. I'm Michelle Martin

1 (13m 49s):
And I'm Steve Inskeep. Consider this, Kamala Harris will not be the first woman to lead a major party's presidential ticket, but will be the first woman of color. And though her nomination is not yet official, she's already the subject of racist attacks. How does that affect your candidacy? Listen to consider this.

0 (14m 6s):
Today's episode of Up First was edited by Roberta Rampton, Gabriel Spitzer, Dana Farrington, Jana Williams and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziyad Butch Ben Abrams and Milton Guevara. We get engineering support from Carly Strange And. our technical director is Zac Coleman. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow.

6 (14m 30s):
Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Up First sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Up First plus@plusdonpr.org. That's plus.npr.org.

Merrill (14m 48s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like The power to do investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC

Bombas (15m 18s):
support for NPR. And the following message come from Bombas. Bombas makes absurdly soft socks underwear and T-shirts. And for every item you purchase, Bombas donates another to someone facing homelessness. Get 20% off your first purchase at bombas.com/npr and use code NPR.