
Fighting across The Israel, Lebanon border has quieted after days of bombardment. The Immediate threat of a broader regional war seems to have lessened for now, but in Gaza, the humanitarian crisis continues. I'm Martinez. That's Michelle Martin. And this is upfirst from NPR News. A planned merger between the two biggest supermarket chains in the nation is under a lot of scrutiny. More than a hundred thousand public comments were submitted And federal regulators wanna stop the deal. What would it mean for your grocery bill? And at least two towns in Massachusetts are closing public parks at night because of a deadly mosquito born illness. This is a recommendation nobody wants to hear kind of at the end of summer, but it is part of this sort of layered prevention strategy.


Stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


Support for NPR and the following message come from GoodRx. Kids are heading back to school and cold and flu season is approaching. With GoodRx. You can find big savings at the pharmacy all year round. GoodRx compares prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly finds discounts of up to 80%. Plus GoodRx could even beat your copay price. So for simple smart savings on all those back to school prescriptions, go to goodrx.com/ upfirst.


This message comes From NPR sponsor sofa. This year many Americans will make a decision that will greatly impact their lives, which mattress to choose. Visit safa@satv.com slash NPR and save up to $600 from now through Labor Day weekend.


This message comes From NPR sponsor the Capital One Venture X Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy. Plus get access to a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. What's in your wallet terms? Apply details at Capital One dot com.


The biggest supermarket merger in US history is in the hands of a federal judge. The government regulators are asking a district court in Oregon to stop the proposed deal that would combine Kroger and Albertsons the two top supermarket chains in the nation. The planned merger has been under review for almost two years. NPS Alina Se has been following this and she's right here with me now. Good morning. Good morning. Why is this merger so controversial? It touches on the hottest topic of the year. Grocery prices. These are also stores we're all familiar with. They're called different things in different parts of the country. Kroger owns Fred Meyer, king, soupers, Harris Teeter, bunch of others. Albertsons owns Vons and Safeway.


That's why this deal is so big. It's worth $25 billion. The government lawyer actually said over a hundred thousand people submitted public comments on the merger to the Federal Trade Commission. Unprecedented interest for this agency. And the opening statements during the hearing had one overarching theme, which I think goes to the heart of the case, which is will combining two of the largest supermarket chains into one lead to higher prices for shoppers. So Let's hear the arguments on both sides. Take us through it. Okay, so the Federal Trade Commission argues prices will go up. You start with two competitors that constantly watch each other's prices. You take one of those competitors away, that's more power for the new grocery giant.


Fewer options for shoppers. Now the companies say that Kroger actually, actually already has lower prices than Albertsons and will invest in dropping those Albertsons prices immediately. And then they raise an existential question of are they really that big? When you think about how Americans shop for groceries, Hmm, that's interesting. So who are, who are they talking about here? You know, the amount of times that Walmart came up on the first day of this case was staggering. Kroger and Albertson's name dropped every store under the sun, Walmart, Costco, Amazon, trader Joe's, discounter, Aldi, even Dollar General and Walgreens.


The companies argued these are the biggest threats. They kept saying they are too regional chains, which they are. But national giants like Walmart and Costco have much bigger sway over suppliers. They buy food at lower prices to begin with, and that only together can Kroger and Albertsons go nationwide and compete with them. Albertson's lawyer actually went as far as to say that if Kroger is not allowed to buy it, Albertsons could wither over a few years. So what's the federal regulator's take on those claims? The Government argues these stores are not the same. They're do not, they do not replace your local supermarket. Where Kroger and Albertsons often compete head to head.


For example, you have to pay for membership at Costco. Selection is much smaller. Dollar stores are Trader Joe's. And if you buy a soda and a candy at a CVS, you'll still go to your nearest grocery store. So Alina, it sounds like this case is mostly focused on the impact on consumers. Is that right? Yes. Mostly on shoppers. But government lawyers are putting focus on workers too, which is new for a case like this. Kroger and Albertsons are union shops, which is rare in the world of grocers. And they say that if they can't compete against Walmarts of the world, that's a win for non-Union employers. The government argues a merger would give them more power over union negotiations, give workers fewer options.


So there are questions about impact on competition for workers. So before we let you go, is there any sense of how this case is going? It will be a slog. This one will be a few weeks. There are actually three lawsuits in total trying to stop the deal and one sort of countersuit from Kroger against the federal government. And it's all coming to a head, right when everyone is talking about high grocery prices, including presidential candidates, That is NPRs Alina Se. Elena, thank you. Thank You. A Massachusetts town is closing. Its playing fields in parks at Dust to try and stop a nasty mosquito-borne disease from spreading.


It's called Eastern equine and encephalitis. Health officials in another town are so concerned they're even encouraging people to stay home after 6:00 PM NPR R'S Ping Huang joins us now to tell us some more. So last week we talked about parvo virus sounded like a thing for dogs. This one has equine in the title, so I'm gonna thank horses. Yep. A this one affects both horses and people and it's a very rare disease overall. The US C'S about a dozen human cases of it a year, but it is considered the most deadly mosquito-borne disease in North America. It's got a mortality rate between 30 and 50%. And that's why this recent case in Massachusetts has sparked a lot of concern. Alright, So tell us about that case. Yeah, so earlier this month in Massachusetts, health officials announced one case of eastern equine encephalitis.


They call it triple E. And this was in a man in his eighties in Worcester County, which is sort of in the south central part of the state. It's the first human case that they've seen in four years, but also this year they've been detecting it in a lot of the mosquitoes they've tested. They found it also in another part of the state called Plymouth near Cape Cod. and that case was actually in a horse. Alright, so that's why they're prompting, that's prompting Plymouth to double down on closing their fields and parts of dusk. Yeah, and not even let athletic teams practice after that because that's when the mosquitoes that are most likely to spread the virus are biting. I spoke with Catherine Brown about it. She's a state epidemiologist for Massachusetts. This is a recommendation nobody wants to hear kind of at the end of summer.


I am entirely sympathetic to that, but it is part of this sort of layered prevention strategy that we have. Brown says that they've also been spraying insecticide in some neighborhoods and there's no vaccines or treatments for it in humans. So health authorities are telling people to be extra vigilant about wearing good bug spray. Yeah. So you mentioned that this virus can be fatal. What are the other risks though of catching it? So this virus attacks a central nervous system in mammals. So it can cause meningitis or brain swelling. And even those that do survive often have ongoing neurologic problems. And interestingly, a humans and horses are actually considered dead end hosts for this.


So usually there's not enough virus circulating in their blood to spread it onto other mosquitoes. And instead the reservoir for this virus is actually in birds, which can spread the virus more broadly. Is this just a thing in Massachusetts or have they found it in other parts of the country? Well, so far this year there have been two other human cases. One in Vermont and one in New Jersey. But the virus has been found in mosquitoes or birds or other animals out in Michigan this year down in Florida, Louisiana, South Carolina. These are all areas that tend to have fresh water, hardwood swamps, which are places where the birds and mosquitoes that carry the virus tend to mix. I should also say that the virus's footprint has grown over the past 15 years.


Brown told me that that's likely due in some parts of climate change. You know, the warmer temperatures are making the mosquito season longer shifts in weather and seasonal patterns really affect when and where the birds are migrating. So just to restate, if you're in that area, bug spray and try to stay indoors after 6:00 PM Yes, that. And also dumping any standing water around you. Alright. NPR r's Ping Wong. Thank you very much. You're welcome. There appears to be a respite in intense fighting across the Lebanon Israel border this morning. This comes after Israel and the militant group.


Hezbollah launched their biggest cross-border attacks in months on Sunday. And the Region had been on edge hearing for weeks at a broader confrontation with erupt since Israel killed a Hezbollah commander in Beirut. Meanwhile fighting continues in Gaza ceasefire talks once against stall. To bring us up to date, we go to NPR s Jane Araf in Beirut. Good morning, Jane. Good morning, Michelle. So the big worry, of course, is that the fighting between Israel and Hezbollah would signal that an all at war is spreading beyond Gaza. Has that worry diminished? Well, it has. For now, it's been clear that both Hezbollah, which is Iran, Beck and Iran itself, don't want all at war. But they also can't let Israeli attacks and assassinations on their soil stand without retaliating.


So on Sunday, Hezbollah said it considered the killing of a senior leader. Veed after it launched hundreds of drones and rockets attacks resumed on Monday, but not nearly at the same level. And we have to remember that fighting across the Lebanese Israeli border parallels the war in Gaza. Hezbollah entered the conflict to support the Palestinian Milant group. Hamas and Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasra has made clear that until Hamas and Israel reach a ceasefire agreement in Gaza attacks across this border will continue. So What about those prospects for a ceasefire? The US seemed to be very optimistic of a deal, but what are they saying now?


Well, a top US military leader was visiting Israel yesterday as a sign of intense US concern about what's happening here. Charles Brown, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Charles Brown, I should say, told Reuters that the near term risks of a war involving Hezbollah had eased somewhat, but that Iran still posed a danger. Now a lot of that, of course, as you've mentioned, hinges on the ceasefire talks, which concluded in Cairo with no agreement reached. Hamas says, Israel has added new conditions to a proposal raised by President Biden, which it had agreed to. Israel says it has security concerns that are not being met.


And Meanwhile, Iran's new foreign minister said, Iran is still intending to extract revenge for the killing of a Hamas leader in Tehran. So, so what does all this mean regarding what's happening on the ground in Gaza? Yeah, no, let up there. It's a situation that over 10 months has begun to sound almost normal, but it really isn't. Israel has issued evacuation orders for Central Gaza, but for most people there's no safe place to go. Yesterday NPR producer, Anas Baba, visited the Alsa hospital in Dar Bella, fighting at evacuation orders in the area, have created panic at the hospital. He spoke with Dr.


Mohammad Shahin, who said, families fearing Israeli airstrikes were pulling their relatives from their hospital beds, even though there are no other hospitals to go to. When you go to the street, you see this patient in the street. No place to go. No place to go. So basically patience along with so many others just ending up on the streets and with near daily evacuation orders being issued by Israel and shrinking space, a lot of families have ended up on the beach in makeshift tents without food, toilets or clean water. That is, and here's Raf in Beirut. Jane, thank you. Thank you Michelle.


And that's upfirst for Tuesday, August 27th. I'm Michelle Martin. And I'm me Martinez. How about listening to consider this from NPR? We hear it. upfirst give you the three big stories of the day. Our consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single news story and what it means to you in just 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Carrie Khan, Emily Copp, will Stone, Alice Wolfley, and Mohammed El Bari. It was produced by Zia bch, Nia du bmas and Nina Ksky. We get engineering support from Simon Laslo Jansen and our technical director is Stacey Abbott. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S vital journalism and get upfirst plus at plus do NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes From NPR sponsor NetSuite. The less your business spends, the more margin you keep. But today, everything costs more. Head to netsuite.com/story to learn how smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle.


Okay, so tell me if this sounds like you, you love NPRs podcasts, you wish they weren't interrupted by sponsor breaks like this one. And you want to Support NPR R'S mission of creating a more informed public. If this does sound like you, then it's time to sign up for perks across more than 20 podcasts with the NPR Plus bundle. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.