
Donald Trump will return to the White House as America's 47th President. Yeah, his campaigns often dark messaging resonated with a large swath of Americans, many of whom say they've lost faith in this country's institutions. That gives Trump a broad mandate as he returns four years after being voted out. I mean Martinez. That's Lila Foll, and this is a special BONUS episode of upfirst from NPR News. Republicans will also retake the Senate while the House of Representatives is still up for grabs narrowly. So what's Behind Trump's historic comeback and what does it mean for the future? stay with us. We'll give you the latest on the election.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Charles Schwab with its original podcast on investing. Each week hosts Lizanne Saunders, Schwab's, chief Investment Strategist and Kathy Jones, Schwab's chief fixed income strategist, along with their guests, analyze economic developments and bring context to conversations around stocks, fixed income, the economy, and more. Download the latest episode and subscribe@schwab.com slash on investing, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Washington Wise. Decisions made in Washington can affect your portfolio every day. Washington Wise is an original podcast for investors from Charles Schwab that unpacks the stories making news in Washington. listen@schwab.com slash Washington wise,


this message comes from NPR sponsor KeyBank, your trusted source for actionable information on trends that matter. So. you can stay ahead head to key.com/trending topics to get insights on everything from healthcare to cybersecurity.


Vice President Harris has now called President elect Donald Trump to congratulate him on his victory and all day. We've been hearing from a variety of reporters, political strategists, and analysts on what was behind Trump's win. So let's begin with what the President elect said himself when he declared victory last night before the race was called, They came from all quarters Union, non-Union, African American, Hispanic American, Asian American, Arab American, Muslim American. We had everybody and it was beautiful. It was a historic realignment. For insight into that realignment, we spoke to a Republican pollster, the President and CEO of the Teran Group, BJ Martino.


He's the lead pollster behind Eric Hoy's effort to unseat Wisconsin's Democratic Senator Tammy Baldwin. Well, he's Not wrong. When you look at the exit polls in the key states that were critical to this election, he did do better than Republicans have in the past with Hispanic voters, African American men, union voters, middle class voters. The gains that Donald Trump saw in 2024 are really very much across the board On the question of what US voters were looking for in a president. Change was certainly a theme here. You look at where voters ongoing disapproval of the job that Joe Biden was doing as president, and then Harris's inability to articulate a single way in which she would differ from Biden left voters wanting.


When you look at the exit polls this year, again in these key states, 30% said they wanted a candidate who had the ability to lead was most important for them. Trump won them 65 to 34. Change can bring needed change. 27% said that was the most important factor. Trump won those voters 73 to 25 in the exit polling. So change was certainly one of the drivers as were ongoing concerns about the economy. NPR R'S political correspondent, Danielle, Kurt Slavin and Senior White House correspondent Tamara Keith discussed with our co-host, Steve Inskeep, how much this was about the Democratic candidate Vice President Harris.


Here's Danielle, then Tamara. To Me, that is going to be the big postmortem question that we're looking at. I keep thinking about something that a democratic strategist, a guy who doesn't sugarcoat things told me in the last couple of weeks, I asked him, Hey, how, how is Harris doing? And he said she really could not have done anything any better. I mean, so I think the question really is going to be, is this candidate error, quote unquote? Is this, the voters just wanted this no matter what, and I, I know we're gonna be picking that Apart. Yeah, I mean, a big part of her pitch was turn the page on Donald Trump. Turn the page on the Trump era. Clearly the American people weren't, or some large portion of large enough portion of the American people were not ready to turn the page on that, and instead wanted to move on from this era of high inflation and go back to 2019, like, make 2019.


Great. Again. I think that all along we'd been tracking sort of a realignment along economic and educational lines that was different that Democrats were, were trying to claim more of the traditional Republican population, and Trump was trying to claim more of that working class population, and it appears as though he Succeeded. The top issues for voters according to exit polls was democracy, which means something different depending on who you ask and the economy, just how expensive life has gotten. Now, central to Vice President Harris's campaign was an appeal to women over reproductive rights. The right to an abortion was actually on the ballot in 10 states this election, and the majority of those initiatives passed.


But that did not translate to a win for Harris at the top of the ticket in swing states such as Nevada and Arizona. And she did worse with women than either President Biden or Hillary Clinton. Elaine Kmar at the Brookings Institution had this to Say something happened on October 1st, which is Donald Trump came out and said, frankly, he'll veto a federal abortion ban. And that was the clearest statement he'd made on that, even though he'd changed his mind about it a lot of times, that in combination with 10 abortion referenda, all, only two of which failed. Okay. Meant that women were relaxing a little bit about that.


Because in fact, what was happening is very, very red states like Missouri and Nebraska were passing, you know, freedom to abortion referenda. And I think women sort of said, okay, well maybe that's taken care of and we can vote our pocketbook, or whatever. So in any event, the numbers were not nearly as good for Harris, as ironically they were for Joe Biden four years ago. Now, analysts thought Trump finished his campaign badly with dark messaging, threatening to prosecute his personal and political foes or speakers at his Madison Square Garden, rally insulting and attacking racial minorities like Puerto Ricans and Palestinians.


But exit polling shows that last minute deciders broke for Trump. Here's Center Wright pollster, Christine Matthews, the founder and president of Bellwether Research and Consulting. What I think may explain that is when we were saying that, you know, as analysts were looking at how Trump was closing out his campaign with what looked like a lot of faux paw, a lot of, you know, alienating statements, that sort of thing that ultimately didn't matter to voters. So when I'm looking through the exit poll and also AP vote cast, which you know, ultimately is early, and we'll, we will, you know, they'll be waited to final results, we'll, we'll get more clarity later, but the, the voters are telling us they don't really like Donald Trump, and that's okay with them.


He, they don't think he's honest and trustworthy. They don't think he has a moral character to be president, but they think he's a strong leader and he would be good at handling a crisis So. what they decided was they wanted someone to come in and disrupt the system, shake things up, things are going badly. And so we as analysts are like, well, he's increasingly unlikable. He's increasingly alienating. And what voters were saying is like, yeah, that's true, but we don't care. The world was Also watching this historic race and Donald Trump's global allies and skeptics began recalibrating and sending their messages of congratulations. Yeah, Foreign policy, a big question.


Trump is seen as an isolationist and is expected to end critical support for Ukraine in the midst of Russia's war on that nation. He claims when he's president, the war will be over in 24 hours. We got the view from Ukraine, from NPRs Joanne kisses in Kyiv. So Ukraine's President Er Zelensky has congratulated Trump and writing on social media. Zelensky said he and Trump had a quote, great meeting in September, and that he appreciates what he calls Trump's peace through strength approach in global affairs. Recently, Zelensky has grown quite frustrated with President Biden's White House saying their approach is overly cautious and encourages Russia to be more of a bully.


But what was not said here is that Trump has professed admiration for Russian president, Vladimir Putin, who is the reason Ukraine is at war in the first place. Ukraine has long sought NATO membership, which it views as essential to its security. And with Trump in the White House, NATO membership for Ukraine may not happen in time to save the Ukrainians. Trump is not supportive of the security alliance, which Ukraine desperately needs for long-term protection against Russia. On the question of NATO and the prospect of President-elect Trump's ability to put an end to the war. Historian and Russia expert, Sergei Chenko of Johns Hopkins University says this, Well, so far we haven't had any evidence that would suggest that Trump is going to pressure Russia.


And how, I mean, if he, if he wanted to do that, perhaps he could provide more military aid to Ukraine and that would be great starting point. I'm sure Zelensky would be looking forward to that. But what, what we heard from Trump so far is that he wants to strike a deal, and that's something I think that Putin also wants. But Putin will make his demands. He wants sanctions relief. He wants recognition of the territories that he had, the annexed in the course of this war in Ukraine, and he wants guarantees of NATOs non enlargement into Ukraine. Israel's war in Gaza, which is now expanded to Lebanon, was another top foreign policy question this election for voters here in the US and NPRs Cat Londo joined us from Tel Aviv with the view from Israelis and Palestinians, Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu put out a statement congratulating Trump calling his win History's greatest comeback.


He went on to say that Trump's return to the White House is a powerful recommitment to the great alliance between Israel and America. And that's how many members of Israel's government are reacting today, especially the most far right members of Netanyahu's party. There hasn't been much official comment from Palestinian leaders yet. Basim Naim, a senior Hamas official, put out a statement this morning calling for an end to the war in Gaza, and an end to blind US support for Israel. You know, many Palestinians we've spoken to have said that they didn't think either candidate was going to make their lives better, but many we've talked to are worried that a Trump presidency could embolden Netanyahu and his government On what this could mean for an end to Israel's war in Gaza. Trump has said that he wants a ceasefire in Gaza, but analysts in Israel believe Trump will help Netanyahu end that war on terms that are favorable to Israel.


Many think that's one of the reasons that Netanyahu has been non-committal on a ceasefire in Gaza up until now. He's been waiting for this very thing to happen for Trump to win the election and allow him more freedom. Back in the United States, the Democrats will be reckoning with losing both the White House and the Senate. While control of the House is still in question. We ask Democratic representative Lloyd Doggett of Texas, how his party sees their role. Come January With a Republican Senate, we will have his appointees. No matter how far out they may be given the opportunity to be approved, he'll be given free reign to his worst instincts. There'll be no check from the Senate. It's the House of Representatives that needs to be a bulwark of freedom to resist the march to fascism if we can gain the majority.


Trump did make this declaration in his victory speech. I will govern by a simple motto, promises made, promises kept. We're gonna keep our promise right. Nothing will stop me from keeping my word to you, the people. We will make America safe, strong, prosperous, powerful, and free. Again, Promises made, promises kept. NPR, senior national political correspondent Eliason recapped some of those promises He wants to do away with the professional civil service he wants to do away with our alliances abroad. Instead of dealing with climate change, he wants to drill baby drill There are gonna be a lot of really profound changes.


And in that same victory address from Trump last night, he promised to be a unifier. Our co-host, Michelle Martin, asked Republican strategist Ron Bon Jean, how he'll be able to do that after running such a divisive campaign. Yeah, it's a million dollar question. I I don't have any easy answers today. There are a lot of hard feelings on both sides and it's gonna be a challenge that we're gonna have to see if President Trump can pull off or he wants to pull off, he's going to need, if Democrats, for instance, win the House of Representatives, he's going to need them going forward. You know, and There are lots of Americans that now that that need to hear that from him, that uni unity message that he didn't use during the campaign but needs to use now.


So what's next for this country? We will be reporting on what happens from here in the days and the months ahead. We'll bring you the facts and context you need with new episodes daily and BONUS episodes as the results of the election continue to unfold and the transition begins, and that's upfirst for Wednesday, November 6th. I'm Lela Foden And I mean Martinez. We want you to know There are two other ways to make sure you don't miss a single development throughout the day. You can find a new episode of the NPR politics Podcast with context and analysis on the big stories whenever they happen. And second, consider. This is the podcast where NPR covers one big story in depth every weekday evening, They will be all over this election and it aftermath as well.


This BONUS episode of upfirst was edited by Lisa Thompson and produced by Katie Klein. It was made by the Morning Edition and upfirst teams along with the entire NPR newsroom. It was also made in collaboration with our engineering and studio teams. Join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org.


That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to mint mobile.com/switch.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus, tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.