
A man accused of throwing Molotov cocktails at Colorado. Demonstrator says he planned the attack for a year. He says he waited until after his Dodgers graduation strike. What else have police learned about the suspect? I Mean, Martinez. That is Steve Inskeep, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Ukrainians have a demand in peace talks. They want Russia to send back children abducted during the war. The biggest challenge is that Russia is not willing to return those kids back. Also, south Koreans vote for a new president today. The last person they elected tried to impose martial law. Lawmakers promptly impeached him. So how are voters thinking about the aftermath?


NPR is where the news is, and our colleague Anthony Kuhn is in Seoul. Stay with us. We've ve got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having Rinse. Do it for you. With one touch in-app scheduling, pickup and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear, handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse combines human care with seamless technology to make laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at Rinse dot com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from T-Mobile for Business Lights Camera Innovation. Walt Disney Studios chose advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform the movie making process. Together, they kept a remote production hub in Hawaii, in sync with a team in California to bring Lilo and Stitch to theaters this summer. This is picture perfect collaboration. This is Walt Disney Studios with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now


Support for this podcast and the following message come from maiden cookware President and co-founder Jake Kali shares a tool that's useful for both Master and newbie griller. The craftsmanship of the carbon steel griddle enhances your grilling experience because it allows you a totally different type of grill surface that opens up the amounts of food you're able to cook. So the griddle is the perfect accessory to add to your grill and kind of widen your your grilling game. Learn more about Made in cookware at M-A-D-E-I-N cookware.com.


The man arrested for throwing fire Bombas at people in Boulder, Colorado says he quote, wanted to kill Zionist people And that he'd do it again. Authorities Say, Mohamed Sri Suleman threw Molotov cocktails at people marching in support of Israeli hostages held by Hamas in Gaza. He's now facing a federal hate, crime charge and multiple felonies. Colorado Public radio's. Allison Sherry is covering this story. Good morning. Hello Steve. Who is the person who made that statement? We know he's 45 years old. He's an Egyptian national who lived in Kuwait for almost 20 years before coming to the US three years ago on a tourist visa according to the Department of Homeland Security that Visa has since expired.


But he says he had requested asylum And that was pending. He didn't have legal status though. Well, do authorities know if he acted alone? That's what police believe so far, at least. He told them he'd been planning the attack for a year And that he told no one about it. He actually waited for his high school daughter's graduation and then did it. Mm, he had five children and a wife. He lived in Colorado Springs. He left them a journal and a phone with messages for them. And the feds on Monday say they've talked to 44 people, searched the house and digital devices, but we don't have much information about what they've found yet. Mr. Soleman also tried to buy a gun late last year, but he wasn't able to because of his immigration status.


So he learned on YouTube how to make Molotov cocktails and use those in the attack. I guess authorities also have this statement that he has made. What does that tell you about him? In the state affidavit that was unsealed Monday afternoon, he said he'd been, he was planning to kill himself, that he had doused himself in gasoline, but he obviously didn't do that. He also only threw two of his 18 incendiary devices that he made and he stopped because he says he hadn't ever heard anyone. But we also know that police arrived very quickly and he was arrested within a few minutes and there were people there also trying to intervene almost immediately. Right. Did authorities know about this person or about his intent beforehand?


No, he wasn't on the radar of the feds or the joint terrorism task force here. And on the other side of this Boulder Police told me they weren't providing any security for the local members of the Run for their Lives group who were marching Sunday because they hadn't asked for it. This group had been meeting since October in Boulder, just a few, mostly older people who marched every week in support of the Israeli hostages. And apparently no one thought there was much danger on the pedestrian mall in Boulder on any given weekend, there are often protests there for all kinds of things, and I, I do wanna note that for Boulder, this is a very small community towards the mountains outside of Denver. This town's had kind of an outsized number of bad events in recent years.


The local DA Michael Dougherty, who filed the state charges against Mr. Soleman said as much yesterday, This community has experienced too many tragedies, fires, floods, and mass attacks. But each time I've seen this great community respond with strength, resilience, and support for one another. I trust and hope that that will happen again. Now, What do authorities do with the suspect next? Well, we expect more charges to be filed in in the coming days, reflecting the higher number of victims, both in federal and state court. He's in jail for now and has another court appearance on Thursday. And I guess we should mention when you say the higher number of victims authorities have added four to the number of people injured, the original number was eight.


Thanks so much. Really appreciate your help. Thanks Steve. That's Allison Sherry of Colorado Public Radio ceasefire talks between Ukraine and Russia in Istanbul. Ended quickly with no ceasefire. That's no surprise, although Ukraine used the occasion to make a dramatic demand. Yeah. Ukraine Gave Russia a list of Ukrainian children abducted during the war, asking for them to be returned home immediately. N PS Joanna Kassis, our correspondent Kief is following this. Hey there, Joanna. Hey Steve. Who are these kids and what is the evidence they were taken? Well, Ukrainian researchers have documented that nearly 20,000 Ukrainian children were abducted during the Russian invasion and occupation of some parts of Ukraine and then taken to Russia.


Hmm. I spoke to Kudo who advocates for these abducted children and their families. The biggest challenge is that Russia is not willing to return those kids back. They even don't wanna tell how many of them are right now in Russian Federation. So in Istanbul, the Ukrainian delegation brought up these missing kids and pushed Russia to give them back. And the researchers have names, they've got backgrounds, they've got information. Yes. Wow. Yes, they have names, backgrounds, some of them are from orphanages, some of them are from families. So yeah, there's documentation for many of these children. How did the Russians respond to the demand? Well, According to Ukrainian president er Zelensky, the Russians did not react well.


Here's Zelensky speaking in Lithuania on Tuesday. He's saying that Russia claimed the Ukrainians were using this issue to pander to the West to childless European grandmothers in particular. So Zelensky did add that at least the Russians now admit to taking UK Ukraine. Ukrainian children in Istanbul, Ukraine gave the Russians a list of 400 children to be returned immediately as part of these talks. Now, Russia said it would consider returning 10 of them and added that they did not abduct the children, but rather save them from a war zone. Okay. So no big breakthrough on ceasefire talks. How is this situation different from last month when each side did swap a thousand prisoners of war?


Well, so this prisoner exchange agreed to yesterday is set to include as many POWs, like a thousand, but with priority given to those who are wounded and sick as well as young soldiers. Those between the ages of 18 and 25 Zelensky who did not participate in the talks was briefed on them, said 200 Ukrainian civilians imprisoned in Russia might also be Released. Okay. So some adults at least are going back and forth to their home sides. Do the two sides agree on anything else yesterday? So no. Exactly. Not as you mentioned earlier, not a ceasefire, but the two countries did agree to exchange the bodies of soldiers killed in action. I Wanna follow up on another thing that we've been reporting on this week. Joanna Ukraine, of course, conducted this covert operation.


Drones hit military bases deep inside Russia, technologically impressive. Operationally impressive. Why is it also really meaningful for Ukrainians? Ukraine says it took out a third of Russia's Bombas using drones smuggled in on trucks to Russian airfields as far away as Siberia. And though Western weapons have certainly helped Ukraine, it's innovative operations like this that have helped the country punch above its weight against Russia, which is much larger and better resourced. And Zelensky says he believes the latest operation will actually force Russia to the negotiating table. So it's an important symbolic victory for Ukrainians, and it's also something that could bring Russia to the negotiating table.


Okay. And the Russians at least showed up, although didn't agree on too much yet. Joanna, thanks. You're welcome. Let's NPS Joanna Kassis polls will soon close in South Korea where the country is voting in a snap election for a new president. That's what South Koreans do when a president tries to overturn the constitution. The former president was impeached for declaring martial law and is now outta office. NPR R'S Anthony Kuhn has been talking with voters and is in Seoul. Hey there, Anthony. Good morning, Steve. Okay, so how important is that very recent history in this election? Well, the martial law crisis turned many people against the ruling party, and it opened a rift within the ruling party between politicians who supported martial law and those who opposed it.


We spoke to Chase Suji, who is 43 and with her young son, and she says she remembers seeing tanks in her neighborhood when martial law was declared. She told us when we saw the news the next morning, my children got very scared and we were also very nervous wondering what's going on. I just felt so sorry that our children had to experience and see all that things that we'd only seen in movies and books. So the Marshall Law Crisis shook South Korean's confidence in their democracy. It spurred many of them to take to the streets to defend democracy, and it appears to have also sent them to the polls today to hold their politicians accountable. Okay, so who's the front runner?


Well, this is really EJ Young's race and his double digit lead in the polls to lose EJ Young as a former human rights lawyer. He's been leading the left of center opposition Democratic party, but he's moderated his liberal stances some to appeal to centrist voters. He's promised more checks and balances to limit presidential power and avoid a future power grab like the martial law incident. And he's promised a stronger safety net, such as subsidies to young families to boost the country's plunging birth rate. Oh, this is all really interesting and relates to debates we have in the United States checks and balances, talking about birth rates, everything else. Yeah. You say he has a big lead, but the Conservative party and that's the old ruling party, right?


They're they're getting a little bit closer. Front runner EJ Yung still has a comfortable lead, but ex-president Yunong y did succeed in rallying his conservative base even while he was being impeached. Also, front runner EJ has been dogged by allegations of corruption, and we spoke to one voter J Ho, who was concerned about those charges and therefore voted for the conservative candidate, Kim msu. He said, if that kind of criminal, in other words, IJ Yang becomes president, I think there will be no future for South Korea's democracy. China is encroaching on our economy and politics, and I can't let my children and grandchildren live in a Chinese colony.


So South Korean conservatives are distrustful of China. They see EJ young as too cozy with Beijing, And that's why this voter voted for the conservative Kim Mun Sue candidate, Of course, South Korea and have relied on the United States for generations to help them fend off China. How is the winner, whoever it turns out to be, likely to handle relations with the us? EJ Young says he supports an ironclad alliance with the US and he's offered to help facilitate any effort by President Trump to reach out to North Korean leader Kim Jong un. Now, Kim may not be willing to speak, but if he is, whoever is South Korea's next president, needs to be careful that if Trump and Kim reach a deal, they don't sell out South Korea's interest by, for example, unilaterally agreeing to leave North Korea's nuclear weapons in place or pulling US troops outta South Korea.


Anthony, thanks for the insights. It's always a pleasure to hear from you. Thank you, Steve N p's Anthony Kuhn is in soul and that's Upfirst for this Tuesday, June 3rd. I'm Steve Inskeep


Martinez. You really should listen to consider this from NPR. We hear it Upfirst give you three big stories of the day, or consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single news story and then tell you what it means to you in about 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Today's Upfirst was edited by Eric Whitney, Ryland Barton, Kevin Drew, Lisa Thompson and Adriana Gallardo. It was produced by Ziad bch, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Zo Van Ginhoven and our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us again tomorrow.


This message comes from Warby Parker, prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This message comes from no cd. Have you ever had an unwanted thought that gets stuck in your head? It could be. O-C-D-O-C-D can cause distress in all areas of life, from relationships to how you view yourself, but it's also highly treatable. OCDs licensed therapists are specially trained in identifying and treating OCD. If you think you're struggling with OCD, visit n ocd.com to schedule a free 15 minute call. That's N ocd.com.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. Mint Mobile took what's wrong with wireless and made it right. They offer premium wireless plans for less. And all plans include high-speed data, unlimited talk, and text, and nationwide coverage. See for yourself at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.