
Canada's new Prime Minister says he's ready for conflict with its neighbor and up to now closest Ally, We didn't ask for this fight, but Canadians are always ready when someone else drops the gloves. What does Mark Carney plan to do? I'm Steve Inskeep with a Martinez, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Immigration authorities arrested a Columbia graduate student who led protests over Gaza. His lawyer says, agents gave no reason. I demanded to see a warrant and the agent hung up the phone on me. What do process, if any, does the government owe a legal permanent resident? Also, Congress has just days to avoid our government shutdown. How Speaker Mike Johnson wants to do it without negotiating with Democrats.


What would it take for almost every Republican to agree? Stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts. Free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org


People gathered in an arena in Canada's capital and heard the results of a vote for the leader of the governing party In first place. The next Prime Minister of Canada, Mark Carney with 131,674 votes resulting in Mark Carney won a kind of mini election among liberal party members and his landslide win means he will now replace Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who's leaving office just as Canada faces a confrontation with the United States Npr R'S International Affairs correspondent Jackie Northam has been following this story. So a new chapter in Canadian politics. What can you tell us about Mark Carney? Well, up until A few months ago, not a lot of Canadians knew who Mark Carney was.


He was considered a political outsider. It was only after Justin Trudeau announced that he was stepping aside in January that Carney threw his hat into the ring for the liberal party's leadership race. You know, but Carney, who's 59 years old, does have a reputation internationally. He comes from the world of finance and has spent time on Wall Street and was the head of the Bank of England, where he helped navigate the post Brexit turbulence and he also headed up the Bank of Canada. So a, that experience could be critical as he becomes Prime Minister, both to tackle Canada's economic challenges right now, but certainly to deal with President Trump's trade policies towards Canada, which frankly are seen by many in Canada as economic warfare.


Yeah. Relations between the two have grown contentious since Donald Trump attorney office. So is there any sense of of how Carney will approach President Trump and his policies? Well, I suspect it'll be a much different dynamic between Carney and Trump than it was with the president and Prime Minister Trudeau. They didn't get along. And in fact, over the past few weeks, relations between the two men were really fraying. You know, Trump calling Trudeau governor and Trudeau calling the President Donald and quoting an editorial saying the tariffs were a very dumb idea. So Carney could represent a fresh start, but he has warned that he would be very tough on Trump and which is something he indicated in his acceptance speech on Sunday. We Didn't ask for this fight, but Canadians are always ready when someone else drops the gloves.


So the Americans, they should make no mistake in trade as in hockey, Canada will win And a if President Trump goes ahead with these steep tariffs on Canadian products, and that's expected in April, it could drive Canada's economy into a recession. And here's the thing, I mean, Carney might not even be Prime Minister that long. I mean there are general elections coming up this year. So when are those? Well, they need to be held by the end of October. You know, the liberals have bounced back in a big way in the polls. Thanks largely to Trump. And his treatment of Canada has created this wave of enthusiasm, you know, both for the liberal party, you know, and just So a nationalism and Kearney could grab onto that enthusiasm and call an election soon.


The opposition could also launch a non-confidence vote when Parliament resumes later this month. That too could trigger an early election. But you know, as it stands right now, once Kearney is sworn in as Canada's new prime minister And that could happen later this week, he'll lead the country. Alright, That's NPR R'S International Affairs correspondent Jackie Northam. Jackie, thanks. Thanks very much. Immigration agents have arrested an activist who helped lead pro-Palestinian student protests at Columbia University. His name is Mahmoud Halil. His lawyer tells NPR that officers from ICE that's immigration and customs enforcement picked him up at his university apartment.


They told him his green card had been revoked. Green card. He was a lawful permanent resident. President Trump had promised to deport students who protested against Israel during the war in Gaza. NPRs Adrian Florido is here with us now. So tell us who Mahmood Khalil is and what happened to him. Well, Khalil A was one of the Palestinian students who last year negotiated on behalf of the campus protesters who were pressing Columbia to divest from Israel over the Gaza war. He was outspoken, very involved. He recently graduated. I spoke with his lawyer and she told me that on Saturday night, Khalil and his wife were arriving at their university apartment And that ice agents were in the lobby.


They told Khalil his student visa had been canceled, but Khalil is not on a visa. He is a legal permanent resident. When his wife went to get his green card out of the apartment, agents said that it had been revoked. Revoked. Did they give a reason? Well, his lawyer, Amy Greer says she spoke with one of the agents on the phone during the arrest and he didn't give her a reason. And I demanded to see a warrant or have a warrant shown to me or Mr. Khalil before they removed him, and the agent hung up the phone on me. Greer said that she was shocked. The government had declared his green card revoked without due process. Mr. Khalil was under the impression that as a lawful permanent resident, that he had some modicum of protection that may not exist for people you know, who do have student visas or who are undocumented.


Instead, agents drove Khalil to a detention center. She said while his pregnant wife a US citizen has stayed behind. Okay. Now what are you learning about what's behind all this? Possibly? Well, I got a statement last night from DHS spokeswoman, Tricia McLaughlin. She said Khalil had been arrested in support of a recent executive order that President Trump signed on antisemitism. She said Khalil had quote LED activities aligned to Hamas, a designated terrorist organization separately in a post on X Secretary of State, Marco Rubio linked to a news story about Khalil's arrest and wrote that the administration would be revoking the visas or green cards of Hamas supporters so they can be deported.


Can you give us just maybe a little more context about the government's motives here? Well, conservative lawmakers have really tried to label pro-Palestinian protestors as pro Hamas, pro terrorist or anti-Semitic. In late January, president Trump signed an executive order that he said would be used to go after students who participated in, in his words, the pro jihadist protests. It directed federal agencies to work toward deporting international students who participated. The order cited federal law that allows deporting foreign nationals who expressed support for terrorism. Students have always rejected a, the claim that their protests were protists or that they supported Hamas' 2023 attack on Israel. They say the protests were for peace in Gaza.


How are people responding to this arrest? Well, student activists are denouncing it as a chilling attempt to use deportation to stifle free speech and to repress pro-Palestinian activism and criticism of Israel. Khalil's attorney Amy Greer told me that she's angry. The government was attempting to tar Khalil as anything other than the kind and loving person that he is. She has a legal team that is trying to find out where he's being held And that plans to defend him and to ensure that he gets due process. All right, that's NPRs Adrian Rito. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Ay, Over the weekend house speaker Mike Johnson unveiled a plan to keep the federal government running through September.


They're doing what lawmakers have done again and again and again and again in recent years. Instead of passing the annual 12 spending bills in what's called regular order with a lot of choices and compromises, or Republicans want to largely keep the government running on autopilot under last year's budget numbers for a while while they discuss all this, Congress needs to approve something by Friday or face another government shutdown. NPR political correspondence, Susan Davis is here now. So Republicans control Congress and the White House. So Sue, why couldn't they come up with a plan to pass the annual spending bills instead of this stop gap? You know, for Republicans that would've been like choosing the path of most resistance. Passing all 12 of those bills usually requires an incredible amount of party unity and would also have likely required by partisan negotiations with Democrats.


Republicans aren't all that interested in that path right now. They really don't wanna burn all of this political capital on spending bills because the party is way more focused on passing a separate budget bill to extend President Trump's tax cuts. That is the priority focus for the Republican party over the next several months because they expire at the end of the year. But even the stop gap path is gonna test party unity. Speaker Johnson has never been able to pass these spending bills or stop gaps without some democratic support, and it's unclear if he's gonna be able to do it this week either. Yeah, Democrats were purposefully cut from this process. How are they gonna support it? Well, the top house Democratic leaders over the weekend came out and said they're gonna oppose it. This is unlike past deals where minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries has helped deliver the votes to avoid these shut downs.


If house Democrats remain unified against it, the speaker is essentially gonna need unanimous support from within his own party, and that's gonna be tough. That sounds like a place where the president could step in though. Yeah, I mean, president Trump is certainly trying to keep pressure on the Republican rank and file in a social media post over the weekend. He was asking for quote, no dissent on this, and there's a sign he might get it. One of those traditional hard line conservatives who likes to vote against these types of spending bills. That's Texas Congressman Chip Roy. He's also a member of the Freedom Caucus. He's indicated that he will support it, which is a good sign for the speaker. So considering all this, so I mean, how likely is a shutdown on Friday? You Know, I think it's gonna be pretty clear early in the week. The house is expected to vote on Tuesday, and if they can't pass a bill, the shutdown becomes exponentially more likely by Friday.


If they can pass that hurdle, a handful of Democrats are still gonna be necessary to get it through the Senate. At least one of those Democrats, Pennsylvania's John Fetterman has indicated he'll be on board. It's unclear if others will be, and Trump is already trying to put the blame on Democrats if there is a shutdown. But I think that's gonna be a bit of a hard sell when it's his party that controls all the levers here and have also made clear that Democrats didn't have a seat at the table For Democrats, though. What might they want in this deal? I mean, Democrats were trying to get language into any deal that is gonna make it harder for the Trump administration to cut off funding for things that Congress has already appropriated money for. Obviously in response to things like cutting off funding for U S A ID, they wanted to tie the hands of this ongoing Doge effort, And that was obviously gonna be a non-starter for this White House.


I also think it tells you a, that as long as Republicans are in control of Congress, they're not gonna be putting up much of a fight over the Trump Administration's push to play a bigger role here in deciding what money gets spent and what gets cut, which as Steve noted at the top, this is a power that traditionally is supposed to be decided by Congress and they're willing to cede much of that power in this moment, more to the White House in President Trump. All right. That's NPR political correspondence, Susan Davis. Susan, thank you. You're welcome. And that's at first for Monday, March 10th, I May Martinez. And I'm Steve Inskeep. Thanks for joining us for Upfirst. You can find more in depth coverage of the stories we discussed and more on NPRs morning edition, the radio show that a Martinez co-hosts with Michelle Martin, Layla Foal, and myself, me.


Find Morning Edition on your local NPR station@stations.npr.org. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Tara Neil, Kevin Drew Krishnadev Calamur, Alice Wolfley, and Mohammad Alvar, dc. It was produced by Zid bch, Nia Demas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent and our technical director is David Greenburg. Join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org.


That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from stamps.com. Work takes up a lot of your day, but you should still have flexibility to decide how to invest your time. If your day is consumed by tedious mailing and shipping tasks, stamps.com gives you the flexibility to focus on what only You can do. Go to stamps.com and sign up with code NPR for a special offer.


Keeping up with the news can feel like a 24 hour job. Luckily, it is our job. Every hour on the NPR News Now podcast, we take the latest, most important stories happening and we package 'em into five minute episodes so You can easily squeeze 'em in between meetings and on your way to that thing. Listen to the NPR News Now podcast. Now.