
Before we start the show, you may have heard that President Trump has issued an executive order seeking to block all federal funding to NPR. This is the latest in a series of threats to media organizations across the country. Millions of people, people just like you, depend on the NPR network as a vital source of news, entertainment, information, and connection. We're proud to be here for you and now more than ever, we need you to be here. For us, it's time to join the movement to defend public media. Visit donate.npr.org. And If you already support us via NPR Plus or any other means, thank you. Your support means so much to us now, more than ever before you help make NPR shows freely available to everyone and we're very proud to do this work for you.


And with you. Canada's new prime minister, Mark Carney is visiting the White House today. Carney ran and won promising to fight Trump on tariffs and musings about taking over. So how will this visit go? I'm Michelle Martin. That's a Martinez and this is Upfirst from NPR News. The Justice Department is moving to dismiss a case restricting access to abortion medication, which puts them on the same side of the issue as the Biden administration was, and most Democrats are now. I would say the jury is still out essentially, of how aggressive the Trump administration is gonna be on medication abortion. What's the strategy here? And President Trump wants higher tariffs.


Sonic new category of foreign imports. The movies our Industry recently has suffered greatly and many Americans have lost jobs to productions that have gone overseas. Stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from better health. This mental health awareness month better health is encouraging everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma associated with mental health. Better help works to make people healthy and happy, because when people are taken care of, everyone benefits, including families, colleagues, and communities. Visit better help.com/npr to get 10% off your for first month.


This message comes from tma. Create Your Oasis with tma, A modern design company that specializes in furniture and home goods by stripping away everything but the essential. TMA makes elevated beds with premium materials and intentional details with clean lines, subtle curves, and minimalist style. The TMA bed collection is available in four signature finishes to match any design aesthetic. To get $100 towards your first bed purchase, go to tma.co/ NPR.


This message comes from Warby Parker, prescription eyewear. That's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


President Trump is hosting Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney at the White House today. Yes, the meeting comes as Trump has repeatedly offended the longtime ally and ally and trading partner with tariffs that hit Canada hard and musings about somehow making Canada into the 51st state. Here's Trump in an interview with NBC's. Meet the press on Sunday. If Canada was a state, it wouldn't cost us. It would be great. It would be such a great, we, it would be a cherished State. When asked if he'll bring up the idea with Carney, Trump said he will always bring it up so it could be an interesting meeting. Yeah. NPR White House correspondent Deepa Shiro joins us now with more so Trump's choice of words and his policies have played a role in Canada's election.


So what has Carney been saying about the Trump and the US Hey. Yeah, so the thing to keep in mind about Carney is that he won this election running with an anti-Trump message. Canadians were voting as Trump was ramping up his tariff for and Canada's economy is highly dependent on exports to the US and Trump doesn't like that. Canada sells more than it buys. And like you heard in that NBC interview, that clip you just played, Trump continues to say he wants to make Canada into America's 51st state. So the election there was seen as a referendum against Trump Kearney has a background in banking and has never held an elected position before. And he ran with the argument that Canada needs to forge its own path and be less reliant on the us.


Yeah. So Kearney hasn't been really shying away from Trump's rhetoric at all. Yeah, exactly. I mean, here's what Kearney said on election night, America wants our land, our resources, no, our water, our country never. But these are not, these are not idle threats. President Trump is trying to break us so that America can own us. It's typical for new Canadian prime ministers to make their first foreign trip to the us but Carney instead chose to go to Europe And that sends a certain message. Yeah, Sounds like it might, given the contentious climate, then how is this meeting supposed to go?


So I talked to a Kercher, he's a professor of public policy at St. Francis Xavier University in Nova Scotia. And he says Carney has to play this balancing act right, of standing up for Canada, but also not irking Trump, which is kind of tricky, but he says Carney could have a less conflicted relationship with Trump compared to his predecessor Justin Trudeau, who trump often mocked. There seems to be a different tone of emphasis, I think with Mark Carney as prime minister now. Seems Trump's still talking about the 51st state stuff, but he's not called him Governor Carney, you know, he's called him a very nice man. And I think Mr. Carney certainly looks like kind of a nerdy central bank kind of guy. And I think for Mr. Trump, who obviously likes kinda central casting figures, you know, I think Mr.


Kearney looks that part. And he also says that the meeting might be a chance for Trump and Carney to kind of have a reset. Yeah. But Carney himself has said that the old relationship between the US and Canada is over. Yeah. You know, it's a, a pretty unprecedented thing to say, but it speaks to how much relations have soured since Trump's tariff war. Kearney told Canadian reporters a few days ago and not to expect white smoke out of this meeting on a new trade deal. And you know, he's referencing the smoke signal that goes up when a new Pope is chosen. So he's already tempering expectations. But you know, at the same time, Canada is already looking for new, more reliable trading partners. There's reports that South Korean companies are pitching sales of military equipment to Canada, which is significant because in the past Canada's gotten most of their defense products from the us.


That's NPR R'S Diva Sheron. Thanks a lot. Thank You. The Trump administration has been fairly quiet on abortion so far, But on Monday, Trump's Justice Department asked the federal court to dismiss a case that could seriously restrict access to abortion nationally. NPR, Selena Simmons Duffin has been following this particular case for several years now. So tell us about this case, Lina. Well, it's challenging the Food and Drug administration's rules about Miry Stone, which is one of the pills you used for medication abortion. It's also used to manage miscarriages. And If you are thinking, didn't the Supreme Court already reject that case? You would be right.


Kind of. The justices last year rejected the original challenge brought by a group of Christian doctors, but now three states, Missouri, Idaho, and Kansas have intervened. They're arguing essentially they can't ban abortion if residents can receive this medication through the mail. So they're taking up this challenge to FDA's decisions about medication abortion again. So that's what the Trump administration's Justice Department wants to dismiss. Yeah, exactly. They took that position in a filing on Monday, and this was a bit surprising because that's the same position the Biden Administration's Justice Department had made, and you might not expect a lot of continuity when it comes to abortion between these two administrations. Does that mean though, that the Trump administration is planning to go easy on new abortion restrictions this time around?


Because the president has pointed out many times that the justices that he appointed were responsible for overturning Roe v. Wade? Yeah, I don't think that's necessarily what it means. That's in part because the federal judge in Texas who's presiding judge Matthew Kme, is known to be very receptive to anti-abortion arguments. So this case might continue regardless of what the Trump administration wants to do. Also, this is not the only tool in the Trump administration's toolbox when it comes to restricting abortion. Katie Keith is the director of the Georgetown Center for Health Policy and the law and formally served on Biden's Gender Policy Council. I would say the jury is still out essentially, of how aggressive the Trump administration is gonna be on medication abortion.


She says if they want to restrict access, they could, for example, the Trump administration's FDA could just go ahead and add restrictions on who can get this medication and how without being required to by the court. You Think the FDA would do that? You know, it's hard to predict the new FDA commissioner Marty McCarey said publicly in April, there were quote, no plans for FDA to restrict Mifare stone, but plans can change. This is a medication that's been approved for almost 25 years. It's been found to be safe and effective in ending a pregnancy along with another medication called misoprostol. And it's a medication that's used globally. The World Health Organization says it can be used safely in the first trimester of pregnancy without the direct supervision of a healthcare provider.


The FDA here in this country made the same determination. And what's happened since Roe v Wade was overturned nearly three years ago is that half of states have banned abortion. But the total number of abortions nationally has gone up in part because people have been able to get this medication through the mail. There are a lot of ways that the Trump administration could try to tamp down on that outside of this court case if it wants to, and that's what remains to be seen. All Right. NPR, Selena Simmons stuff and covers health policies. Selena, thanks. You're welcome. The film industry started the week with a little confusion. That was after President Trump announced on Truth Social that he was imposing a 100% tariff on movies produced outside the US on Sunday night.


He posted that quote, the movie industry in America is dying a very fast death. Other countries are offering all sorts of incentives to draw our filmmakers and studios away from the United States, unquote. NPR Entertainment correspondent Mandel Al Barco joins us now to talk about this. So I, you know, Manali the, the basic question is probably gonna spring up more questions. So how would a hundred percent tariff on films made outside the US actually work? Yeah, that's exactly what everyone in Hollywood and in film and TV industries around the world would like to know. President Trump's initial announcement was surprising. It left so many questions. Who would have to pay a tariff? The studios film distributors? Will ticket prices go up?


Would this be for international films or for American film shooting or filming on location or on sound stages around the world? What about TV and streaming shows? There have been a lot of emergency closed door meetings, group chats and social media speculation Studios have been quiet so far, but the head of IE, the union representing behind the scenes entertainment workers says any plan must not harm the US or Canadian film industries. The President says other countries are offering incentives to attract movie studios and filmmakers. So can you tell us about the incentives that he was referring to? I know that you have been reporting on this. Yeah, that's right. And it's true that for decades, places like Canada, the uk, Australia, and really all over the world, they've offered productions generous tax incentives, rebates, and grants to shoot or film in their countries.


Some of even built new sound stages to entice productions wanting to cut costs. Trump says the global incentives are a threat to the national security. Okay, so what are people overseas saying about this announcement from Trump? You can imagine a studios and unions around the world, world are worried that this could spell the end of their own production industries. Some wonder if countries will retaliate with their own tariffs on American films. Yesterday President Trump told reporters he wants to meet The film industry in this country to make sure they're happy with his plan to bring back showbiz jobs. Hollywood doesn't do very much of that business. They have the nice sign and everything's good, but they don't do very much. Alright, so why do you think this issue came up at all for President Trump?


Well, I'll give you a hint. John Voight Trump calls the actor one of his special ambassadors along with Sylvester Stallone and Mel Gibson. In a video shared with NPR, Voight calls Trump the greatest president since Abe Lincoln and his friend who Loves the entertainment business, wants to see Hollywood thrive and make films bigger and greater than ever before. John Voight says he presented Trump a plan to rescue the American film industry with federal tax incentives, co-production treaties with other countries and subsidies for theater owners and film and TV production companies. Late last week, Voight also met with California Senator Ben Allen, who co-authored a state bill that would expand film and TV incentives along with California Governor Gavin Newsom's plan to more than double the state's production tax credits.


Trump blamed the governor for allowing productions to leave California. But late last night, Newsom said in a statement that he wants to team up with the Trump administration to create a $7.5 billion federal film tax credit. All right, that's NPR R'S Mandel Al Barco. Thanks a lot. Thank you. A And that's Upfirst for Tuesday, May 6th, Tammi Martinez. And I'm Michelle Martin.


Your next listen is consider this from NPR. We hear it upfirst give you the three big stories of the day. Our consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single news story and what it means to you. Learn about a big story of the day in less than 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Roberta Rampton, Diane Webber, Jane Greenhalgh, Sierra Crawford, Janea Williams, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Katie Klein, Nia Dumas, and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent and our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us again tomorrow.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. Mint Mobile took what's wrong with wireless and made it right. They offer premium wireless plans for less. And all plans include high speed data, unlimited talk, and text, and nationwide coverage. See for yourself at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


This message comes from Bombas Socks. Underwear and t-shirts are the top three requested clothing items by people experiencing homelessness. Bombas makes all three and donates one item. For every item purchased, go to Bombas dot com slash NPR and use code NPR for 20% off.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes financing your next car easy. Buy 100% online with customizable terms good for 30 days. Buy your car the convenient way with Carvana terms may apply.