
Israel's war cabinet gives the final approval to a deal with Hamas. This cease fire, only the second of the ongoing war officially begins tomorrow. I'm Scott Simon. I'm Aisha Rosco. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. The latest from the region today on the podcast. Also, five years after America's first Covid case, is the country better prepared for the next major public health crisis And the case against Pepsi Over allegations, a case of the soda cost different amounts for different shoppers. So please Stay with us. We've got the news you need to start your weekend.


This message comes from a DT with Trusted Neighbor, the new standard in home access through the A DT plus app grant and automate event-based or scheduled access for neighbors, friends and helpers. Notify trusted individuals of events and set access windows for guests without interrupting your day. Visit adt.com when every second counts count on a DT requires a DT complete pro monitoring plan and compatible devices. Copyright 2025 A-D-T-L-L-C. All rights reserved.


First up today, the war in Gaza. A ceasefire is imminent. Israel's war cabinet signed off on the deal early this morning and international mediators say it starts tomorrow morning. It should bring about a pause in fighting as well as the release of dozens of Israeli hostages and many more Palestinian prisoners and detainees. Over the next six weeks. N Pier Hadil Elci joins us from Tel Aviv. Hadil, thanks so much for being with us. Good morning. What else can you tell us about the agreement? Well, we're starting to get a little bit more information about the timing of the ceasefire and what this multi-phase deal will look like in the next few weeks. Hamas and Israel have both promised to hold their fire starting at eight 30 tomorrow morning here in Israel.


And then no earlier than the same afternoon, we should start seeing people be released. 33 hostages freed over this first phase for almost 1900 Palestinian prisoners and detainees. The deal efforts have been underway for months. Why a deal now? Well, first of all, let's remember that this deal contains much of the conditions that President Biden actually helped come up with last May, but geopolitically now, things have changed so much in the Middle East since that time. Hama has lost a lot of its military capabilities over 15 months of war and suffered serious leadership losses, including its longtime head yasir. And then Hamas' backers also including Iran and the Lebanese militant group.


Hezbollah have been weakened significantly by Israel. But then there's something new there. Incoming president of Donald Trump, Trump has said all hell will break loose in the Middle East if a deal to end the war wasn't reached just before he becomes president when that's on Monday. And this wasn't just a warning to Hamas, it was also a call to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to get serious about closing a deal. What's been reaction there so far? Well, it is the eve of the ceasefire and Palestinians in Gaza and Israelis are both kind of saying, we'll believe it when we see it in Gaza. The past few days have been some of the deadliest in recent weeks. Just last night there were Israeli airstrikes that the military said targeted Hamas weapons sites and fighters.


And Gaza health officials said 122 Palestinians were killed in those strikes, including 33 children, our producer in Gaza talk to in Gaza. He's not really optimistic yet, and he won't be until he will be able to go back to whatever is left of his home. And then here in Israel, there is relief that some hostages are coming home, but it will also be heartbreaking to see them suffer from psychological physical challenges after being held for 15 months. Sivan Yadi was at a protest in Tel Aviv this week and she said she doesn't like the deal is carried out in phases.


Ine says she would've preferred that all hostages return home at the same time because they should be reunited now with their families. And if the deal holds, what can we expect in coming days? Well, day one, tomorrow the releases begin. Hamas is supposed to free three female hostages and then the Israelis are supposed to release 30 Palestinian prisoners for each of them. And then there should be weekly releases and the beginning of a troop withdrawal, a surge of eight anti Gaza and some displaced Palestinians should be able to go back home in the north. But negotiators still need to talk about what the upcoming phases are supposed to look like and hopefully bring an end to the war.


And Pici and Tel Aviv, thanks so much. You're Welcome. Monday marks five years since the US recorded its first case of COVID-19, And we're still learning about the virus, our reaction to it, including some new and concerning information about Trump Cabinet Pick Robert Kennedy and how prepared we are for the next pandemic. N P's. Will Stone has been on the story from the beginning and joins us now. Will, thanks for being with us. Sure. Thanks Scott. You were in Seattle when that first Covid case, January, 2020 in the US was confirmed, weren't you?


I Was. This was a man in his thirties who'd come back from Wuhan China. And at the time the, the message from public health was that the risk of human to human spread was low. It wasn't actually until the next month that it became clear the virus was spreading in the community here in Seattle and elsewhere in the country. And five years later, how well prepared is the US for another crisis like Covid? It's a mixed picture. Certainly there's a lot of disillusionment in public health and medicine. You'd hope that after a big pandemic, the country would be better off. But Dr. Andrew Pavia at the University of Utah told me it just doesn't look that way to him.


We've not done a really good job of changing the things that need to be changed. There's so much fatigue, there's so much trauma from the Covid Pandemic. The medical profession saw an exodus of nurses and doctors. The same trend is true in the public health workforce. Meanwhile, trust in public health and government agencies has fallen misinformation, fights over masking school closures. Lots of things could have played a role. And a recent survey from Harvard found trust in doctors and hospitals dipped from 70% in 2020 to less than 50% as of early 2024. And what could some of the consequences of that be?


Yeah, it's hard to overstate the implications. Scott. I spoke to Lauren Sour about this. She's an expert on Pandemic Preparedness at the University of Nebraska Medical Center. People Have to participate in public health, right? The public is the most important part of, unless we really spend a lot of time building the trust in public health back, we could build all the systems in the world and they won't work. And along with that, funding is under threat. There was an infusion of money during COVID, but there have been proposals from House Republicans to slash funding for public health programs, including the CDC. And it's possible that it will gain momentum when President-elect Trump is sworn in on Monday. Well, There's some notes of hope when it comes to Pandemic Preparedness.


Yes, there are some advances. Our ability to do wastewater surveillance to track the spread of disease. That's one example brought up by Caitlyn Rivers. She's at Johns Hopkins and recently authored a book on fighting outbreaks called Crisis Averted. Technology really stands out as a realm where we've seen some great successes. I think there's a lot of emphasis right now on diagnostic testing and also around vaccination. The mRNA platform has been very successful, gives us a new tool to develop vaccines quickly for the next pandemic pathogen. And public health experts say having vaccines ready to go will be key for bird flu. That's why the government is stockpiling existing vaccines and developing new mRNA shots in case the outbreak escalates.


And what has the incoming administration said about bird Flu? Well, it's largely been silent. Certainly Trump has the experience of operation warp speed that produce the Covid vaccine. But scientists like Andrew Pavia at the University of Utah are concerned based on the track record of some of Trump's health picks. Robert F. Kennedy Jr could lead the Department of Health and Human Services for years. Kennedy led an advocacy group that's a big player in the anti-vaccine movement. And Scott, yesterday we learned that in the spring of 2021, Kennedy filed a citizens petition on behalf of that advocacy group to the FDA. And in it he requested the agency revoke the authorizations for the Covid vaccine for all demographic groups.


Of course, the FDA denied this request, but Kennedy has an extensive history of making inaccurate and misleading statements on vaccines. And he has already made comments undermining trust in the existing bird flu vaccines. We reached out to the transition team for comment about their plans, but did not hear back And Bear health Correspondent Will Stone. Thanks so much. Thank you. Finally today, the US government versus Pepsi, The Federal Trade Commission accuses Pepsi of giving unfair discounts for its soft drinks to its biggest retailer, discounts that it doesn't offer to small arrivals.


It's a case that gets to the heart of prices we pay at the grocery store. And it's a case that NPR Alina Suk is following closely. Alina joins us in our studio. Thanks so much for being with us. Hello. Hello. What's the case the government's trying to make? So the Federal Trade Commission alleges that Pepsi discriminates against smaller companies when it comes to how much it charges grocery chains for its stuff. A lot of the details are redacted, as you said, at least for now. But it is pretty widely understood that the large big box retailer here is Walmart, which is the largest retailer in the us. And to clear, Walmart is not being accused of wrongdoing, but Pepsi is the FTC alleges. Pepsi offers promotions and special deals to Walmart that it does not offer to smaller chains, which would be, you know, including like Kroger.


And that means FTC alleges higher prices for shoppers who buy Pepsi, not at Walmart. But I mean, cheaper prices are the whole point of big wholesalers, aren't they? I I How can it be that they buy more? You pay less is somehow illegal. Yeah, it's it's a bit, it gets kind of interesting here, let me walk you through it. So the law says You can definitely offer volume discounts. Like if someone buys a truckload instead of a case of soda, sure they get a discount. But a supplier has to be able to show it is legitimately saving money in that deal. And any discount it offers should be available to everyone. Like if it's a consortium of stores and they are buying by a truckload just like Walmart's, they should get that discount.


And the FTC here alleges that Pepsi did not equally offer special promotions that it gave preferential treatment to well Walmart purely because it's biggest, it's the most important not because Pepsi was actually saving money by doing big business at Walmart scale. And what does Pepsi say? That all of this is wrong on the facts and the law. The company says its practices are in line with industry norms that it does not play favorites. I should add Walmart's declined comment. And you know, there is the whole timing element to this, given that the Trump administration is about to take over the FTC, Which happens at noon on Monday, right when Donald Trump takes the oath of office. Is this case high on the new administration's to-do list?


So this is interesting. The, the Biden FTC has actually issued a whole bunch of charges and lawsuits in the past few days at the 11th hour, which the Republican commissioners say has politicized the cases. But with the Pepsi lawsuit, there's actually a little bit of a complication with this one. And how So? So I have to tell you a little bit of history here. So this case hinges on a law that had not been enforced for decades. It's from 1936. It's called the Robinson Patman Act. It was enforced pretty strictly until the eighties. But then it was kind of shelved because this was the heyday of this idea that bigger companies should not be punished for being more efficient then say mom and pop shops and the law kind of sat their dormant.


But in recent years, independent grocers, pharmacies, farmers have called for stepped up enforcement of the Robinson Patman Act and they have bipartisan support. In fact, the incoming FTC chairman has suggested he's open to the idea another Republican Trump has nominated to the FTC has written in favor of it still, the Pepsi case was pursued on a party line with Republicans arguing the lawsuit was rushed out the door without enough evidence. So its future is unclear. And Pilina Suk, thanks so much for being with us. Thank You. And that's Upfirst for Saturday, January 18th, 2025.


I'm a Rosco. And I'm Scott Simon. Today's podcast was produced by Andrew Craig with help from Fernando Naro, Gabe O'Connor, and Martin Patience, Michael Radcliffe directed. Ed McNulty is our editor, along with Shannon Rhodes, Jerome Sokoloski, Shane Greenho and Emily Copp. Andy ER is our technical director with engineering support from Zach Coleman, David Greenberg and Arthur Hol. Lauren Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Lucy Oliver is our executive producer. And Jim Kane is our deputy managing Editor Tomorrow on The Sunday Story, making big changes later in life, more Americans are switching things up as we live longer and healthier.


Rah. And for more news, interviews and analysis, You can tune into weekend edition on your radio. Go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station. Do it now. Do it now. And then You can hear Scott Roar like that. That was amazing, Scott. He great. He's grabbing on to life.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel. It is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO, ready, Shopify is the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Once you've reached your audience, Shopify has the Internet's best converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers. Go to shopify.com/npr to take your business to the next level today.