
There's now a carve out for electronics on those steep tariffs. The US slapped on Chinese goods, but maybe not for long. Publicly China showed defiance in the face of this trade war Are the US and China any closer to negotiations? I'm Lela Alden with Michelle Martin, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. El Salvador's president is in DC for a meeting with President Trump. Na Boule has taken hundreds of people deported from the US, alleging their gang members. Boule has called himself the world's coolest dictator, but has few fans among human rights advocates after locking up his own citizens without due process. What comes outta this meeting And the Federal Trade Commission is taking on social media giant meta in court.


The case centers on whether meta broke competition laws when it acquired Instagram and WhatsApp. Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you are tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees and free perks, Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month. Five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available, taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


From media to tech to politics, the world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now at donate dot NPR dot org.


Imagine If you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPRs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me yes, that is what it is called wherever you get your podcast.


Over the weekend, there were no new tariffs on Chinese goods coming into the United States or on US goods flowing into China. In Fact, late on Friday, the Trump administration outlined a substantial carve out for mobile phones, computers, and other electronics. But that may not last very long and neither side appears ready to back down. NPRs John Ruit has been following all these twists and turns from Beijing, and he's with us now to tell us more. Good morning, John. Good morning. So no new tariffs and what about that carve out for electronics? Can you tell us more? Yeah. Late on Friday, customs and Border Protection posted a notice online. It was full of legalese and arcane tariff codes.


And what it translated into was no tariffs on mobile phones, computers, memory chips, flat screens, LEDs, stuff like that. This is substantial because electronics account for roughly a quarter of Chinese exports to the us China's commerce ministry responded fairly quickly over the weekend, calling it a small step toward correcting the error of imposing those so-called reciprocal tariffs on China and on other countries. How is this being interpreted? Is it seen as a sign of goodwill or maybe a face saving way to deescalate this trade war that Trump started? It was initially, but it doesn't look like it is. You know, Trump's come out on social media to say that nobody's getting off the hook. These products are just moving to a different tariff bucket.


Commerce secretary, Howard Lutnick explained it on Sunday on ABC's this week. So all those products are gonna come under semiconductors, and they're gonna have a special focus type of tariff to make sure that those products get reassured. So he is saying they're exempted from the so-called reciprocal tariffs that Trump announced, so that they're sort of off the menu for negotiation. Why? Because they're gonna be lumped in with semiconductors under a separate tariff that he says will be announced in the next month or two, and not just on China. And the idea is to force supply chains of those products back to the us. So Where do things stand from China's perspective? Well, China's been pretty consistent. They've projected defiance throughout this. You know, Trump seems to be waiting for Chinese leader Xi Jinping to pick up the phone and call him.


That's not how China operates. It doesn't mean that they're not open to discussion, though. I asked Andy Rothman about this last night here in Beijing. He advises investors and corporate boards on China, and he's been on a trip here meeting companies and contacts. I Think the Chinese have made clear they wanna negotiate, they wanna resolve this problem, but they're not sure what the US is looking for. They're also very unsure about what the US is willing to offer in return. Meanwhile, China has taken steps to, you know, GERD for these tariffs. One part of that is deepening relations with other countries in particular neighbors. And it just so happens that Xi Jinping left today on his first overseas trip of the Year. Okay, now that's interesting. So where is he headed?


First off is Vietnam. He's in Hanoi now. He heads to Malaysia next for three days and then to Cambodia. The Chinese government's projecting China as sort of an anchor in rough seas, a reliable trading partner. In fact, she had a piece in the Vietnamese Communist party's mouthpiece newspaper today, calling for joint efforts to protect the multilateral trading system and maintain stable supply chains. But these Southeast Asian countries are in a tough spot. They've all benefited to some extent from the trade friction between the US and China in recent years because manufacturing has moved their way and also they are all negotiating or seeking to negotiate with the Trump administration to keep the tariffs off. That is and p John WeCh in Beijing.


John, thank you. You're welcome. El Salvador's President is expected to meet with Donald Trump at the White House later today. Yeah, ye B is the man. The Trump administration paid to imprison hundreds of people deported from the US and accused of being gang members. El Salvador got about $6 million in that deal. Those deportations are facing numerous legal challenges in the us. B is no darling to human rights organizations because he's imprisoned thousands of his own citizens with no due process. He's called himself the world's coolest dictator.


To hear more about this, we're joined by freelance reporter Manuel Ada. He's following all this from Mein where You can hear that it is pouring rain, but hopefully he's indoors. Good morning, Manuel. Good morning. So this is the first leader from a Latin American nation to get an official invitation to the White House and President Trump's second term. What is Trump trying to get outta this meeting? Well, in Latin America, the Trump administration has been looking for allies that will help it to deliver quickly in its priorities. And in this case, it's the effort to reduce immigration to the United States. In March, El Salvador took in more than 200 Venezuelan migrants who were accused of being gang members and were deported from the US in an expedited and controversial fashion.


Belli put them in a notorious prison known as the sect. There have been more deportation flights like that since then. The latest on Sunday. During this visit, both sides might talk about how to expand those kinds of partnerships, including the possibility of sending some US prisoners to El Salvador to be incarcerated there. So this has obviously been hugely controversial in the United States. Has there been any pushback in El Salvador about this kind of deal? Well, in El Salvador, Quele is a hugely popular present, and many people don't mind his prison system. That's because El Salvador used to be one of the most violent countries in the world with fighting between gans controlling daily life in many communities.


But in 2022, Belli declared a state of emergency, which is still ongoing, that gave the police the power to arrest anyone they suspect of being a gang member and locked them up for months at a time without any kind of due process. Since those policies began, the number of homicides in El Salvador fell by 75%, and Gans lost their grip on many communities where they were taxing local businesses. Of course, human rights groups have been very critical of these tactics, and now their concern is that people who get sent from the US to El Salvador will basically be treated in the same way that local prisoners are treated and disappear into the system. Last month, a Maryland resident, Ilmar Abrego Garcia, was sent by mistake to El Salvador.


The Trump administration admitted it was a mistake. His family hasn't been able to get in touch with him yet, despite the Supreme Court's insistence that he should be brought back on Sunday, the Justice Department said the courts had quote, no authority to force El Salvador to release a bra Garcia. So the question now is if Trump will discuss with Quele the return of this Maryland Resident, and what about Mr. Buley? What might he be looking for in this visit? Well, I think one big thing is that this gives him the validation of the United States, something that helps buke to dismiss the criticism he gets from human rights groups at home by showing up relations with the Trump administration.


Buke might also be trying to reduce tariffs on El Salvador's exports. El Salvador is the US' main trading partner. They send about 30% of their exports to the United States. That is freelance Manuel Ruida. He's reporting from Mein Manuel, thank you. Absolutely. A case considered the most significant legal challenge in Meta's history starts today in Washington DC Yeah, the trial pits, the Federal Trade Commission against the social media giant. It's expected to last two months, and executives including CEO Mark Zuckerberg are set to take the witness stand.


The case centers on this question, did Meta break competition laws when it acquired Instagram and WhatsApp? NPRs Bobby Allen joins us to talk about what the trial could mean for the future of meta and the entire social media landscape. Welcome, Bobby. Thanks for joining us. Hey There, Michelle, What exactly is the government's case against Meta and what is it asking for? The FCC says, meta acquired Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp two years later as part of a strategy to eliminate competition and maintain monopoly power over the whole social media market. The government says Meta is motivated by a buy or bury strategy, meaning Meadow would tried to purchase a rival or put them out of business entirely.


The FTC says this is illegal and the only way to remedy it is for meta to be broken up. So the FTC is pushing for Instagram and WhatsApp to be spun off in two separate companies. The government says this will allow smaller social media companies to compete for consumers and add dollars and loosen Meta's grip on the industry. And as you might imagine, Michelle Meta is fighting back against this pretty hard. Do we have a sense of how meta is likely to respond in court? Yeah, meta is expected to say it's always competed fairly And that regulators are trying to punish the company for being so successful and so innovative. Lawyers for Meta have said in court filings that you know the acquisitions of Instagram and WhatsApp, and look, they were quite prescient and made the company really successful.


Meta says they were approved by regulators at the time. So to go back years and try to unwind these deals, meta says, is unreasonable. Meta also says, by breaking up an American tech company, who are you gonna benefit rivals abroad, including Chinese competitors? What would it mean for people who use Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp if Meta had to spin them off into separate companies? Well, the FTC says they would mean more competition and therefore better quality social media services. The FTC says, since meta is a monopoly, all of its apps have become pretty lousy and full of intrusive advertising. The agency also says privacy protections for users has suffered.


So you know, if the FTC is to be believed here, a breakup would mean just better quality social media apps for all of us. But meta says the opposite, that a breakup would make each of its individual apps less integrated and just worse overall. So we have been talking about the legal case just now, but let's pivot back to the politics. Does Mark Zuckerberg's relationship with Trump play into this? Yeah. This case first started in Trump's first term. That's when Trump was at war with Zuckerberg. And until very recently, Trump has not been a fan of him. Trump even threatened to throw Zuckerberg in prison before the 2024 presidential election saying if Zuckerberg did anything to hurt Trump on the campaign trail, he would quote, spend the rest of his life in prison.


Now, in recent months, Zuckerberg has been ingratiating himself with the Trump administration. Like so many others in Silicon Valley, Zuckerberg has publicly praised Trump meta donated a million dollars to Trump's inaugural committee fund. He would made these company-wide shifts to appease Trump-like ending Facebook and Instagram's fact-checking program and rolling back diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives. Zuckerberg has also made several visits to Trump's Mar-a-Lago, and there has been tons of speculation in Washington about whether the Trump administration would settle with meta and not go forward with this trial. But so far, Michelle, all indications are that this case will be going on for weeks inside of a federal courtroom in Washington. That is NPR s Bobby Allen, Bobby, I know you'll be watching it.


So thank you. Thanks Michelle. And that's Upfirst for Monday, April 14th. I'm Michelle Martin. And I'm Layla Alden. For your next listen, consider, consider this from NPR. We hear it Upfirst give you the three big stories of the day. Our consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single news story and what it means to you. Learn about a big story of the day and listen than 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your Podcasts. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Ryland Barton, Tara Neil, Brett Neely, Mohammad Varsi, and Jana Williams. It was produced by Ziyad Budge, Adam Bern, Nia Dumas, and Christopher Thomas.


We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent And our technical director is David Greenburg. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel. It is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or high P Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Once you've reached your audience, Shopify has the Internet's best converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers. Go to shopify.com/npr to take your business to the next level Today


There was Barb Heimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four Superman, for a guide to the movies and TV we are most excited about this summer. Listen to the Pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.