
Good morning and happy holidays. Thanks for starting your day with us. I'm as mahad, whether you're squeezing in a quiet moment before the kids wake up, or whether today's work day for you like it is for me, Upfirst is here for you no matter what your day has in store. We're here to bring you independent reporting, context and analysis about the biggest stories of the day, and You can give back to NPR. To support this service you rely on, sign up for NPR Plus today and join our mission of creating a more informed public. You'll also unlock sponsor free listening to upfirst and get similar perks for more than 25 podcasts. If you're already a plus supporter, thank you so much.


If not, You can sign up right now at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus dot NPR dot org. Alrightyy now onto the news. It's a subdued Christmas In Bethlehem with the war in neighboring Gaza. We Need to live in peace and dignity in our Land. What it's like for local Palestinians in the city, Christians celebrate as the birthplace of Jesus. I'm as Mahad, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Famine has spread in Sudan where people are experiencing one of the world's worst humanitarian disasters. People are eating peanut shells, animal fodder, grasses.


Nearly two years into a civil war, the hunger crisis is getting worse. And with so much going on down here on Earth, it's always good to remember to look up at the stars. We look up at The Year In Space. Stay with us. We'll give you all the news You need to start your day.


Support comes from our 2025 lead sponsor of upfirst Amazon Business. Every business starts with an idea. How can you go from daydreamer to industry Leader Amazon Business accelerates your journey with smart business buying. Get everything you need to grow in one familiar place, from office supplies to it essentials and maintenance tools. Amazon Business takes the familiar Amazon buying experience and adds tools that help you save costs and make inside space decisions ready to bring your visions to life. Learn how at Amazon Business dot com.


This message comes from Rinse. These days You can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and trade stocks, but You can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with Rinse. Schedule a pickup with the Rinse app, and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order at Rinse dot com. That's RINS e.com.


This message comes from Mattress Firm. Sleep is personal, and the right mattress makes all the difference. That's why Mattress Firm sleep experts help match you with the perfect bed from a premium selection of mattresses. Plus, with their 120 night sleep trial, You can rest easy knowing you've made the right choice, love it, or your money back. Get matched at Mattress Firm, upgrade your sleep sale and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See Mattress Firm dot com or store for details.


It's Christmas In Bethlehem where Christian tradition says Jesus was born. For the second year in a row, official celebrations have been canceled. Palestinian leaders say they cannot rejoice as the war wages on in neighboring Gaza, in Bethlehem, which is located in the Israeli occupied West Bank. People are also hurting, and tourism has plummeted since the war began. We go now to NPR international correspondent Carrie Kahn, who is in Bethlehem. Carrie, what is the mood like in Bethlehem this Christmas? Well, it's difficult to cancel Christmas, but the mood is very somber. Official ceremonies have been very muted here. Usually Bethlehem is full of lights and these amazing decorations, Asma a huge tree in the center of Manger Square.


And there are crowds, crowds and tourists and pilgrims. This year it is empty, barren. You know, I was here last year, and if it's possible, it feels even more empty and more somber. Oh, wow. I've heard from so many people, they're all saying the same thing. We just never thought the situation, the war would last till another Christmas. So how are people celebrating this year? Christmas Eve, there was the traditional parade of the Latin patriarch entering Bethlehem. It was quiet, though. There's usually these very cute scout troops that lead the procession in, and they were playing drums, no drums. This year there are no bagpipes. Some held signs, reading, we Want peace. Others held pictures of the destruction in Gaza.


The latest figures from the Ministry of Health in Gaza puts the known death toll there now at more than 45,000 people. But last night, of course there was midnight mass in the Church of the Nativity. And I wanna play you some of the Catholic service for you. And I also went to the grotto, the cave like structure inside the church where Christians say Jesus was actually born and the faithful were singing There it was. It was beautiful. It was so moving. Let's hear a little bit of that. No.


Oh, And I think the most amazing thing I just wanna tell you is that I was able to go to both of those services so easily. Usually the crowds are so huge and nearly impossible to experience Christmas In Bethlehem. That close, That singing is really beautiful to listen to. Thanks for sharing. Carrie, without the crowds and tourists, what are residents? What are officials telling you in Bethlehem? How are they doing? The economy here is devastated. Bethlehem is dependent on tourism. Hotel occupancy is in the single digits. Stores have closed unemployment throughout the West Bank is nearly at 50%. The deputy mayor I spoke with Hana Hania told us Palestinians feel like the world has turned their backs on them and their suffering.


And always we are asking the international community to bring back this message to Bethlehem and to the Holy land because we need to live in peace and dignity in our land. Since the war began after Hamas attacked Israel killing around 1200 people on October 7th in 2023, Israel has imposed tough restrictions in the West Bank with new checkpoints and barring Palestinians from working in Israel. And we're seeing Palestinian groups fighting each other here too. The Palestinian authority has launched a rare crackdown on militants in the West Bank, and it's making for a tense and complicated situation here. Thanks so much for your reporting, Carrie.


You're welcome. That's NPRs Carrie Khan in Bethlehem. In Sudan. The severity of the famine has worsened hunger. Experts say the country is experiencing one of the worst starvation crises in modern times. Since April of last year, a brutal civil war between the Sudanese army and a paramilitary group has fueled a near unprecedented humanitarian crisis. NPRs West Africa, correspondent in Emmanuel Tu has been covering this and joins us now. Good morning, Emmanuel.


Good morning, Asma. An merry Christmas to you. Merry Christmas to you. So Earlier this year, famine was declared in one part of Sudan, but it's now spread to five areas. What do we know so far? Yes. In August, famine was declared in what's the largest refugee camp in Sudan, in the western region of DAF four. But now it's been confirmed in three other refugee camps in the same proximity. And overall, it's now five areas in Sudan affecting about half a million people and counting. And over the last week, I've spoken to experts about just what this famine looks like on the ground, just to make sense of it. And one of them is Nathaniel Raymond. He's the executive director at Yale University's humanitarian research lab.


And he talked about Zamzam camp, the first region where famine was declared. Zamzam is in a condition called IPC five or integrated phase classification five, which is the highest level of food insecurity. And children in particular have been dying from a lack of food. People are eating peanut shells, animal fodder, grasses. The the level of desperation is unprecedented in Sudan and the number of areas suffering famine is likely to actually double over the next six months. We were mentioning this ongoing civil war. How has the war made the humanitarian crisis more severe?


Well, both sides of the war have been accused of blocking aid in the areas that they each control, and that's the Sudanese army and the Rapid support forces or RSF. And for example, the RSF Control most of dafur. And that's the region where there was a genocide 20 years ago. And there's been an outbreak of similar ethnic violence against African ethnic groups since the war started. There are millions of displaced people in this region, but they're almost completely isolated. I spoke to Ade Hasani, she's a director at Relief International, and they're one of the few aid groups still operating in Dafo, particularly in North Dafo, which is currently under a siege by the RSF. To get supplies to North Star four has been a huge challenge since the conflict, the start, north Star four has been completely cut off and we lost all our access from inside Sudan.


So there are no official humanitarian corridors that the RSF and the Sudanese army have agreed on. And there's been really small amounts of aid coming in from the border with Chad, but the conflict makes getting that aid in so precarious. Mm. How have the Sudanese authorities responded? Well, essentially with denials, the Sudanese army is seen by most people as the defacto government in Sudan, although they've lost control of large parts of the country. But the existence of famine is really a direct challenge to its legitimacy because people will hold them accountable for why this has been allowed to happen. Famine is declared by this independent body called the Integrated Food Security Phase, our IPC, and they rely on countries to support their networks.


And Sudan has now pulled out of that system That's NPRs West Africa Correspondent Emmanuel Tu. Thanks so much. Thank you. Here on earth, a lot of things happened in 2024, but for a couple of minutes, let's leave our planet and consider what happened this year in space. NPR science correspondent Nell Greenfield. Bo is here to remind us of the highlights and the low lights. Good morning now. Hey there. So I've gotta imagine that a big highlight must have been that solar eclipse back in the spring. That's right. Millions of people saw the total solar eclipse, or maybe they saw this big solar storm that caused widespread auroras in the night sky.


But you know, there were also low lights. I guess If you wanted to talk about that, the main one would have to be those astronauts. You know, those astronauts that NASA says are definitely not stranded. Okay, so they are still in orbit though, right? They are. Okay. They are. So If you recall, they went up there in June on what was supposed to be this short test, flight of spacecraft made by Boeing called Star liner. And then NASA decided it was too risky for them to come home in it, so they had to just chill on the International Space Station waiting for a return ride. And so, you know, they're there and NASA said initially they'd be able to return to Earth in February, but they just said it's gonna be, be longer than that, probably like March. That's a bummer for them. It is. Yeah.


So how are they eventually gonna get home? So SpaceX, so SpaceX has this capsule that regularly takes astronauts to and from the space station, and this was a big year for SpaceX. Not only did it sort of like take over Boeing's return flight, but it finally got its mega rocket into space. Mm. This is SpaceX's Starship. It's the biggest rocket ever built. So that was a big deal. SpaceX also did the first ever private space walk. So basically there was this orbiting capsule and two crew members opened the hatch and kinda stuck their heads outside. I mean, until then, like only national space programs had ever tried these so-called extra vehicular activities. So that was a really big deal. And I understand that one of those space walkers might become the new head of nasa.


What can you tell us about that? So that's Jared Isaac Min, he's this wealthy entrepreneur. He is a private astronaut, and he's Donald Trump's pick to lead the space agency. And you know, Donald Trump has this alliance with Elon Musk of SpaceX who supported his campaign. And Musk and Isaac men have this financial connection through SpaceX. And so it'll probably be an interesting confirmation process in the Senate. No one knows what all of this might mean for NASA and this expensive rocket that NASA has got to try to get people back to the moon. Okay. So speaking of nasa, where do things stand with its efforts to return to the moon? So NASA had been planning to send astronauts to orbit the moon next year, but a couple weeks ago, officials announced that that trip has been pushed off to 2026 at the earliest.


And so that means actually landing on the moon wouldn't happen until like 20, 27 at The earliest. Right. Okay. So we have been talking about people in space. What about robotic missions? So this year we got the first rock samples returned from the far side of the moon. I mean, that was a robotic mission from China. And then Naau also now has this probe that's going to Europa, that's this moon of Jupiter. It launched in October. And you know, Europa seems to have this liquid water ocean underneath a layer of ice. And so that place could have ingredients for life. So it's a cool mission, but Jupiter is so far away, spacecraft won't get there till 20, 20 30. Well, What about 2025? What will we get to see in the new year in space so We can look forward to Spherex?


So that's a NASA telescope. It's gonna create like a 3D map of the entire sky, mapping hundreds of millions of stars and galaxies. And the information it will gather will tell us more about this really brief but powerful moment. Just after the Big Bang, that's when, oh wow. The newborn universe just like suddenly and dramatically expanded. Yeah, That sounds really interesting. So you're gonna have to come back on the show when that happens and tell us all about It. Definitely will. All right. That's npr R'S Nell Greenfield voice, And that's Upfirst for Wednesday, December 25th. I'm as mahali for your next listen, consider, consider this from NPR. Whether you play it on loop or Whether it drives you crazy, there is no question.


Some songs are permanent fixtures in the Christmas cannon. What makes a song a holiday hit? Listen to consider this from NPR. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Andrew Sussman, Miguel Macias, Gisele Grayson, Lisa Thompson and Ali Schweitzer. It was produced by Zed Bch Yamas, Claire Maima and Anna Peritz. We get engineering support from Nisha Highness and our technical director is Andy Hether. Join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org.


That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses? At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@warbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.


This message comes from Greenlight. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, parents invest in so many things to enrich kids' lives. But are you investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, You can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk free trial at greenlight.com/npr.