
Congress is back in session and President-elect, Donald Trump is already trying to influence who will lead the Republican majority. Will the GOP rally around familiar faces or will Trump loyalists allow him to bypass congressional confirmations? I'm Michelle Martin. That's a Martinez. And this is upfirst from NPR News. The Justice Department will be in for a shakeup when Trump and his vice president take office. The most important job after president of the United States in the next administration. It's not me, it's who we select as Attorney General Republicans criticize the FBI and DOJ on the campaign trail So. what changes are they planning to make? And President Joe Biden is in South America meeting world leaders where Trump's return is already reshaping the conversation.


stay with us. We've got all the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva, maker of quality, handcrafted mattresses, founder and CEO. Ron Russon shares one of their core values. At sattva, we believe sleep does unlock a superpower. When you wake up and you're totally refreshed, you go after things more. And it all starts with being on the right mattress. And that's what Safa has been inspired by from the day that we started To learn more. Go to SA tva.com/npr.


This message comes from better health. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls, and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with better help. try@betterhelp.com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from HubSpot. Growing a business means a lot of audience attracting lead scoring, and long days. But with HubSpot, it's easier than ever for marketers to remix content, boost leads and score customers fast. Learn more at hubspot.com/marketers.


Congress is back this week with a busy agenda. First on the list, selecting the person who will lead each chamber. President elect Donald Trump has made it known that he wants to influence these choices and his allies are pushing hard to accommodate him. So who will get these top jobs Here to talk us through? This is NPR Congressional correspondent Barbara Bru. So Barbara, first off, the Senate, Senate minority leader, Mitch McConnell, stepping down from leadership who are the top contenders to replace him now that Republicans will be in charge in January While senators John Cornyn of Texas and John Thon of South Dakota are seen as the front runners going into this. They're both well-liked by their peers. They both have leadership experience. Cornyn previously served in leadership, and Thune is currently the second highest ranking Senate Republican that said there is a pressure campaign from Trump World for Florida Senator Rick Scott to get this top leadership gig.


He's a Trump loyalist, previously ran against McConnell two years ago, got less than a dozen votes then. But he now has the vocal support of a lot of Trump allies, including Elon Musk, RFK Jr, a conservative commentator, Tucker Carlson and match sch SLAPP of the Conservative Political Action Conference. They see Cornyn and Thune as to establishment. And Scott has never publicly been in conflict with Trump. How much though does that Trump pressure change the dynamics? Well, the odds that this campaign changes the hearts and minds of most GOP Senators is slim. Most of them aren't running for another four years or more. Most of them don't like this kind of online campaign trying to change their potential votes.


And most importantly, perhaps this is a secret vote, but it is an open question as to whether Trump himself decides to publicly put his finger on the scale and what kind of consequences that might have. So speaking of that, Trump made a demand over the weekend on social media saying, any GOP Senator wanting the leadership job has to agree to recess appointments. He said that's key to getting his nominees confirmed in a timely manner. Walk us through Barbara, what that means. So basically, if the Senate is in a recess, the President can appoint and mostly get around a longer Senate confirmation, which makes it easier to fill vacancies or usher in temporary, perhaps controversial picks. Senate leaders in both parties have tried to prevent this in order to retain their full power of checking the president's nominees.


And they do that by having what's called pro forma sessions during a scheduled recess. Kind of a shorthand way to block these recess appointments. Now, Scott came out strongly in support of Trump's post tweeting quote. I will do whatever it takes to get your nominations through as quickly as possible. Thune and Cornin also signaled some openness there. Now, recess appointments are only allowed when Congress is out of session for at least 10 days. And a recess appointment expires at the end of a Senate session. So it's an inefficient way to fill out a cabinet, for example, but it can be an easier way to get judges approved. Okay, now let's ship to the house. So Republicans currently hold a thin majority in that chamber, but not all the races have been called yet.


So, what does that path look like? Well, the GOP appears to be on track to retain a narrow majority in the house. New member orientation is starting this morning and there will be leadership elections for the speaker tomorrow afternoon. Mike Johnson is expected to keep the gavel and Democrats will hold their own leadership elections in the house next week. Alright, that's NPRs Barbara Bru. Barbara, thanks. Thank you President Elect. Donald Trump is making some big Decisions. Yeah, one of them is who will lead the Justice Department on the campaign trail. Trump has blasted the DOJ and the FBI.


Soon he will have a chance to do something about his resentment. NPR r's. Kerry Johnson has covered the Justice Department for nearly two decades, and she's here with me now to talk about what the Trump administration might do there. Kerry? Good morning. Good morning. How big a priority is this for Donald Trump? This is a huge priority, and you don't need to take my word for it. Here's JD Vance, the Vice President elect talking recently on the campaign trail. The most important job, and this is a bit of a hit to my ego, but the most important job after president of the United States in the next administration, it's not me, it's who we select as Attorney General Michelle. The Attorney General leads more than a hundred thousand people. The department prosecutes crimes, polices businesses, it defends laws about antitrust and the environment, and it protects civil rights.


And the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Administration and the US Marshals all report to that Attorney General Who might be in line for this job. You Know, There are a lot of names floating around from members of Congress like Senator Mike Lee of Utah. There are people like Jeff Clark. He's the DOJ official. Trump tried to promote in late 2020 Clark advanced phony claims of election fraud. He's faced some legal discipline for that. And then There are other lawyers like Todd Blanc, a former federal prosecutor who represented Trump in several of Trump's criminal cases. I hear Blanche might be more likely to lead the US Attorney's Office in Manhattan. But another strong candidate is Mark Paletta. He's a longtime DC lawyer who's been advising the transition.


He's also very close to Justice Clarence Thomas So. what are some of the top priorities for the new Trump DOJ Special counsel? Jack Smith is already unwinding the two federal criminal cases against Donald Trump. Trump has said he plans to pardon people involved in the January 6th riot at the Capitol. But There are a bunch of other things unrelated the President might try to do. And There are wide ranging because the DOJ is involved in so many things. Here are just a few of them. He could try to cut federal grant funds for local police who won't go along with his immigration plans. He could try to enforce the Comstock Act and criminalize the use of the mail for abortion medication and equipment.


He could restart the engine of federal capital punishment for the 40 or so people on Federal death row. And some conservative advisors have also suggested trying to overhaul the FBI to try to make its director accountable to more junior officials inside the Justice Department with more political control. Can you Talk a little bit about that whole question of who the FBI is accountable to? Because Donald Trump appointed the current FBI director in 2017, but it's my understanding that his term isn't contemporaneous with the presidents and that's intentional because they don't want the FBI director to be subject to political pressures per se. So how would this work? Yeah, the tenure term was imposed by Congress after j Edgar Hoover lorded over the Bureau for decades and decades.


And the thinking was he got too involved in politics in his own personal vendettas. Donald Trump appointed the current FBI director Chris Ray only after he fired Jim Comey. And the FBI has only one political appointee. The director, Chris Ray, has now served just over seven years, so he has some time left. But Trump has had a really tense relationship with Ray lawyers close to Trump. Expect him to dismiss the FBI director sometime next year. As for the FBI director Chris Ray, I'm told he continues to oversee the day-to-day operations and he's actively planning with his team to lead the FBI into next year and beyond. It sounds to me like if Trump wants Ray to go, he's gonna have to fire him. That is N p's.


Kerry Johnson. Kerry, thank you. My pleasure. President Biden travels to Peru and Brazil this week. He's meeting with leaders of the world's biggest economies at two Summits, APEC and Lima and the G 20 in Rio. It's his last big foreign trip where he'll meet a large group of world leaders and it might be his last chance to make a major statement on the global stage, but it comes on the heels of Donald Trump's victory. It's an awkward moment. So how does he shape his parting message? NPR R'S White House correspondent Omaha will be traveling along that trip. So President Biden has said many times that America's back when he is talking about working with allies, Asma, Donald Trump is back too now So, what's he gonna say?


Well, Biden came into office after Trump shocked world leaders with the way that he conducted foreign policy. You'll probably recall, you know, Trump did not like nato and he was openly skeptical of a whole bunch of other alliances. And so Biden has spent the last four years trying to rebuild alliances, expand NATO working to counter China. But you know, as you say, he is now in this awkward position. Trump is back with his same worldview that was threatening broad-based tariffs on friends and foes. So How does Biden's message have to shift now after this election? Yeah, I, I mean, Biden is still expected to provide some reassurances about the long-term. US commitment to the world know former president Barack Obama was in a similar position in the fall of 2016.


He also traveled to Peru shortly after Trump's first victory. And Ben Rhode, who was former Obama's, one of his advisors, was on that trip. And he told me at that point, Obama's message was, wait and see. You know, you don't know exactly how Trump will govern and engage with the world, but he says, that is not the message Biden can give. Now I Think what's changed in eight years, the rest of the world has really priced Trump in. And I don't think that there's any time in the last four years where any country wasn't hedging against a Trump return. And you know, multiple former Obama aides told me that there was a sense in 2016 that the world may have seen Trump as an aberration that is no longer the case.


You know, and I spoke to other people, though, I will say who? Who point out that international partners have a longer view of the United States relationship with the world. Take Danielle Placa, she's with the conservative think tank, the American Enterprise Institute, and she told me that Trump may have an untraditional approach, but he is still going to be engaged in the world. US global leadership is based not simply on sentimental ideas about the beauty of NATO or about what great chardonnay we all get together at the G seven, right? US global leadership is based on the fact that we are the largest economy in the world As Chardonnay Better be really good. I mean, you would think it's the G seven.


Okay. So how does the return of Donald Trump then affect global relationships with China? That's the world's second largest economy. Yeah, I mean, that's one thing I'll be watching closely for this week because China's Xi Jinping is also expected to travel to South America for these meetings. You know, broadly I will say Biden has not drastically broken with Trump on China policy. He largely maintained the Trump era tariffs on China, and he deepened cooperation with India, Japan, and Australia building on an initiative that Trump began. And you know, one practical message Biden could try to make this week is that the threat of more tariffs from Trump is real. And so China and other countries ought to play by the rules.


All right, that's NPRs Smha. Thank you very much. Good To speak with you. And that's upfirst for Tuesday, November 12th I. mean Martinez. And I'm Michelle Martin. Your next listen is consider this from NPR president-elect. Donald Trump has suggested that in his second term, he will take on the news media with more than just words. How might he do it and how will the press respond? Listen to consider this from NPR. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Anna Yanoff, Roberta Rampton, Mohammad El Bari, and Alice Wolfley was produced by Ziat bch, Ben Abrams and Julie Depenbrock We. get engineering support from Arthur Laurent And. our technical director is Zac Coleman joins again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to mint mobile.com/switch.


This message comes from Boland branch. Start getting your best sleep with the softest, most luxurious bedding from Boland Branch. Feel the difference for yourself during their biggest sales of the entire year. Head to bolland branch.com. Limited time only exclusions apply. See site for details.