
A federal court has blocked most of President Trump's tariffs. The judges say that President overstepped his authority when he put tariffs on nearly every country last month. How big of a setback is this for Trump's economic plans? I'm Michelle Martin, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. President Trump appears increasingly frustrated with Russian leader of Vladimir Putin. Trump earlier this week described Putin as absolutely crazy amid Russia's ongoing airstrikes in Ukraine. How does this growing frustration affect any peace negotiations? And one of the largest right wing political gatherings is getting underway in Eastern Europe. CPAC Hungary will feature leading right-wing voices from Europe and America.


Layla Faddle and her team are on the ground in Budapest with the latest. Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from tma. Create Your Oasis with tma, A modern design company that specializes in furniture and home goods by stripping away everything but the essential TMA makes elevated beds with premium materials and intentional details with clean lines, subtle curves, and minimalist style. The TMA bed collection is available in four signature finishes to match any design aesthetic. To get $100 towards your first bed purchase, go to T ma.co/ NPR.


This message comes from Jackson. Let's face it, retirement planning can be confusing. At Jackson, we are working to make retirement clear for everyone starting with you. Our easy to understand resources and user friendly digital tools help simplify your entire experience. You can have confidence in your retirement with clarity from Jackson. Seek the clarity you deserve@jackson.com. Jackson is short for Jackson Financial Incorporated. Jackson National Life Insurance Company, Lansing, Michigan, and Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York purchased New York


support for this podcast and the following message come from Arm in a new episode of their podcast, tech Unheard arm. CEO Renee Haas talks with scale AI, CEO, Alex Wang, about why Alex views his youth as an advantage and about his visions for the future of artificial intelligence available on all podcast platforms.


A federal court has blocked the nearly worldwide tariffs that President Trump ordered last month. The US Court of International Trade says Trump overstepped his authority when he ordered taxes on imports from nearly every other country. If the ruling stands, it would strike down all of the tariffs Trump imposed on April 2nd, along with separate levies on goods from Canada, Mexico, and China, some of which have been temporarily suspended. NPR Scott Horsley is with us now to tell us more about this. Good morning, Scott. Good morning, Michelle. Scott, this sounds big. What's at stake in this case? The stakes here are enormous. The President has imposed the highest tariffs this country has seen since the Great Depression. And while he has backed off on some of those import taxes, the White House maintains he could reimpose them anytime with just a social media post.


So a dozen states and five businesses challenged the president's authority to unilaterally levy those taxes. And last night a specialized trade court handed those challengers a decisive victory. The unanimous three-judge panel ruled that under the Constitution, it's Congress that has exclusive power to regulate, trade and impose tariffs. And the court said the 1977 emergency law that Trump has been relying on does not give the president unfettered power to impose taxes on imports from around the world. They rejected Trump's claims that fentanyl trafficking or persistent trade deficits justify taxing nearly everything the US buys from other countries.


And in fact, the judges skipped right over issuing a preliminary injunction and gave the plaintiffs a summary judgment. How are Financial markets reacting? You know, investors have never liked these tariffs. Every time the president raises import taxes, the stock market tumbles every time he backs down the stock market soars. So global investors are welcoming the idea that maybe the courts are gonna take away one of Trump's tariff clubs, Asian stocks rose sharply overnight. Stock futures here in the US are up between one and 2% this morning. Remember, it's mostly American businesses and consumers that bear the cost of these import taxes. And it's US farmers and factories that risk losing markets overseas because of retaliation in the trade war.


Oregon is one of the states that brought this case. And Oregon's Attorney General Dan Rayfield says, striking down these tariffs is a win for working families. We as consumers, we as families, people that are working day in day out to try and pay their bills don't have the flexibility in their budget to afford it. And economists were showing this was gonna be a $3,800 increase to average household budget every year. That is a tax on all of us, right? But it's hidden and disguised as a tariff. Rayfield also says there's ruling shows that laws still matter and the trade decisions cannot be made on a president's whim. How is the administration responding? Well, the administration wasted no time saying it would appeal this decision that will go to the court of appeals for the federal circuit here in Washington.


The White House also issued a statement saying it's not for unelected judges to decide how to properly address a national emergency. I'll note the three judges who ruled against the president here were nominated the court by President's Reagan, Obama, and Trump himself. Okay, so does this ruling strike down all of Trump's tariffs? No. The industry specific taxes on steel and aluminum and cars and car parts remain in place. Those were authorized under a different statute, and Trump has threatened to use that statute to add additional tariffs on imported computer chips and pharmaceuticals and copper. But as for the sweeping tariffs on nearly everything we import from coffee and bananas to French wine and Chinese toys, for the moment at least those taxes do not pass legal muster.


That is NPR Scott Horsley. Scott, thank you. You're Welcome. For several days now, president Trump has expressed growing frustration with Russian president Vladimir Putin over the slow progress towards ending the war in Ukraine. Something he did again yesterday at the White House. We're gonna find out whether or not he's tapping us along or not, and if he is, we'll respond a little bit differently. Meanwhile, Russia announced its ready to hold another round of peace talks. Joining us to talk about all this is NPRs Charles Mains, who's with us on the line from Moscow. Hi Charles. Morning Michelle. So let's just start by digging in on Trump's statements.


We just heard the President briefly remind us what has he been saying? You know what this began with Trump expressing anger over Russia's intense bombing of cities across Ukraine. Over the weekend, Trump initially said Putin had gone absolutely crazy and threatened potential sanctions. That was on Sunday. Two days later, Trump reminded Moscow that if it hadn't been for him, quote, really bad things would've already happened to Russia. And he warned Putin he was playing with fire. And then yesterday Trump said he was disappointed that Russia had continued attacks while negotiations were ongoing. Yet on this issue of hitting Russia with new sanctions or some other response, Trump made clear he's not there yet. If I think I'm close to getting a deal, I don't wanna screw it up by doing that.


Lemme tell you, I'm a lot tougher than the people you're talking about, but you have to know when to use that. Okay, so some drift in there, but the President is saying he's not happy with Moscow's behavior. So how has the Kremlin responded? Well, some Kremlin officials have called Trump misinformed arguing Trump wasn't aware of Ukrainian drone attacks on Russia over the week, more they also point to a deal. Ukraine signed yesterday with Germany to produce long range weapons capable of striking inside Russia in the future. But overall, the Kremlin strategy appears to be not antagonizing Trump. President Putin has said nothing. Meanwhile, his spokesman, Dmitri Pasco, is a repeatedly complimented Trump's effort to end the conflict while reminding these are complex negotiations full of nuances.


Now, critics will say, of course, that it's just more foot dragging by Moscow as fighting continues. And yet Russia's foreign minister announced last night, he was now ready to pick up talks where they left off calling for a meeting with Ukraine and Istanbul, Turkey next Monday when each side can present documents outlining their vision for an eventual peace deal. Okay, What about the Ukrainians? Have they signed on to this meeting? Well, the presumption is they will because Kyiv needs to show Trump that Ukraine's not the obstacle to peace here. Certainly that was the case in the first round of talks in Istanbul negotiations that were proposed by Putin amid earlier sanctions threat by Trump. Although Putin then undermined these very tall, those very talks by sending a relatively low level delegation.


Is there any reason to be more hopeful with this this time around? Well, I'd say never say never, not least because Trump has suggested he may be willing to meet with Putin Zelensky to hammer out a deal. But Ukraine is already accusing Russia of massing troops along its border for a new summer offensive. And Russia's lead negotiator has publicly drawn comparisons between Ukraine and a war Russia had with Sweden back in the 17 hundreds that went on for 21 years. The clear message there that no matter how long it takes, we'll get what's ours. So Trump may face this vexing question that's really been there ever since he wade into the Ukraine conflict at the beginning. You know what to do if or when he decides Russia isn't serious about wanting to end the war.


That is NPR. Charles Main and Moscow. Charles, thank you. Thank you. Today American and European conservatives, populists and nationalists are gathering in Hungary for a fourth consecutive year for the Conservative Political Action Conference. It was kicked off this morning by Hungary's Prime Minister Victor Orban. The Trump tsunami swept through the world and changed the entire world. It gave back hope to the word. American conservatives have looked at Hungary and Orban as an aspirational model in recent years for getting elected and also for lessons in implementing a political agenda.


He's led the country for the last 15 years and won four consecutive elections and many Hungarians and analysts say he's done that by taking over and then undermining democratic institutions. Our colleague, Leila Faddle has been in Hungary this week exploring all this, and she's with us now in Budapest, the Capitol. Good morning, Layla. Hey, good morning. So I hear it's a little windy. Tell us where you Are. Yeah, I'm actually sitting right outside my hotel. I've been watching people all morning head out with their badges and go over to the CPA gathering that just started. So Remind us what goes on at this annual gathering and who are some of the big names attending this year? Yeah, so Hungary was really the first place CPAC ever hosted a gathering in Europe because Hungary invited them.


And this year Poland hosted a CPAC earlier this week where we saw a department of Homeland Security secretary Christy Nome speak and urge polls to vote for the right wing nationalist running in a tight presidential election there in just a few days. And one of CPAC's goals is really to keep growing its global footprint. And here in Hungary we're gonna hear from a hodgepodge of speakers. One of the minds behind Trump's child separation policy back in 2017, Chad Wolf, John Eastman, the conservative lawyer who crafted much of Trump's strategy to overturn the 2020 election results. So those are the types of voices that are gonna be on the stage in the next two days. So in the course of your reporting, what are you finding has drawn the US and Hungary together in recent years?


Yeah, I met up with the US chairman of c Ppac match slapped to talk about the deepening alliances between the MAGA movement, Orban Fez Party, and Hungary and other right wing movements in Europe. And I ask that, especially given that the European Union is withholding billions of dollars allocated for Hungary right now over policies, they deem anti-democratic. One of the recent moves was the country effectively banning upcoming pride celebrations. Schwab says what's uniting them in part is a feeling that their political opponents are actually being the undemocratic ones. I felt like America's institutions were definitely in an autocratic slide. I felt like people who have CPAC type values couldn't get a fair shake in the major national media.


We couldn't get a fair shake in the big city courtrooms. We couldn't get a fair shake when it came to having corporations be neutral on politics. They seem to all get involved in every left wing political cause of the day. And he's talking about, of course, before President Trump was reelected and he said that's what populists, conservatives and right wing movements around the world feel so Viktor Orban and Trump parallels there. Yeah, I mean there are, they're different men, as many people have pointed out to me. But in style and substance, there's a lot that's similar. And their supporters appreciate what they see as the two leaders calling it like it is outmaneuvering liberals saying controversial and sometimes downright offensive things out loud.


Orban is known for his anti-immigration stance and has depicted himself as the defender of a Christian Europe working against liberal headwinds in academia and the media, Michelle, I'm sure that sounds familiar. And then there are parallels in policies. I mean, this is a different system, a parliamentary system, but basically Orban really centralized power under the Prime Minister. And one big similarity is the universities, they're all state universities here, but enjoyed academic autonomy and now they come under private foundations that get state money And that foundation decides how the universities are run in the states. Trump is also using the threat of pulling federal funds to get universities to come in line with his government's demands, and they both spend a lot of time attacking the independent press.


That's actually how CPAC opened today. That is our Lila funnel talking to us from Budapest Hungry Lela. Thank you. You're Welcome, Michelle. And that's Upfirst for Thursday, May 29th. I'm Michelle Martin. Make your next. Listen, consider this from NPR. Upfirst covers three or more big stories of the day. Consider this gives you one big story in depth in less than 15 minutes. Check it out wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of First was edited by Kara Platoni, Miguel Macias arzu Ani, HJI, and Lisa Thompson. It was produced by Ziyad Budge, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas.


We get engineering support from Nisha Highness and our technical director is Carly Strange. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow.


This message comes from eBay swapping out your tires. There's nothing like it. With eBay, you find the feel you're looking for from smooth highway rides to grip for rough terrain, get all the tires you need at prices you'll love eBay things people love.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Dignity Memorial. When your celebration of life is prepaid today, your family is protected tomorrow. Planning ahead is truly one of the best gifts You can give your family. For additional information, visit dignity memorial.com.


This message comes from MIDI Health. Women in midlife face a healthcare desert, but MIDI is here to fill the gap, offering expert care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance, hot flashes, insomnia, brain fog, weight gain, and moodiness. Don't have to be accepted as just another part of aging MIDI clinicians understand how these symptoms can connect to menopause and prescribe a wide range of solutions. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com.