
Dave Portnoy has opinions about Donald Trump and Bros. Somebody who maybe likes sports and wants to get laid, which I don't think is a bad thing. How does the founder of Barstool Sports think about voters like him? I'm Steve Inskeep on a special edition about, first from NPR news. Dave Portnoy doesn't always get along with the media. They Asked me for a quote about something the other day. I said, I'd rather put a pencil in my eye than speak to you guys. But he talked with us about voters known as Barto conservatives. What keeps Portnoy on the president's side, even after Trump tanked the stock market. I was mad, but I told myself I was like, He Said he was going to do tariffs Also.


What, if anything, could get more men to vote for Democrats Stay with us for an extended conversation with Dave Portnoy. Bars. Steel sports has been around just over 20 years. It features podcasts, web stories, lots of ads for gambling lots, and also Dave Portnoy talking about things like watching Basketball star Caitlin Clark, Because I was there for it. I was decked out. Fever hat? Fever sweatshirt. Oh yeah, yeah. I saw that. His business model is to cover whatever guys might talk about while at a bar watching sports. This now includes politics, which he riffs about on social media. The Thing about me is when I see something and I get an opinion and it bubbles up.


If I don't get it out, I just combust. I just like, I may just explode. When progressives denounce his language about race or women, as they often do, he says, that's why men voted for President Trump. Maybe they don't trust the extreme left like you, who seemingly hate all normal white guys. He also criticized Trump when Trump's tariffs tanked the stock market. I Went super viral when I said I lost $7 million I, I'd kill to be back to losing $7 million. To be clear, he's still with Trump. But when we met face to face, we also heard some surprising nuances. One of Portnoy's homes is in Miami and we met near there in a podcast studio.


Let's just hear him in his own words. Welcome. Thank you. Thanks for having me. If people don't know, I want to know a little bit about your background. You're from Boston, correct? Your parents were a lawyer and a teacher. School teacher. Yep. Which I like. 'cause my mom was also a teacher and my dad too. And I read that you went to University of Michigan and got a degree in education. Correct. Were You planning to be a teacher? No, I don't think I was. So at Michigan you need a, to graduate, you need to pass your language requirement, which I just could not do. So I went, I was through Spanish three in high school, got dropped back down to remedial Spanish. When I took the test, couldn't pass it just couldn't pass it.


I realized if I transferred to the educational school, there was no language requirement. So that was my fast pass to get my graduation degree. Degree. So you just trying to escape. I was just trying to graduate with a degree. Yeah. But you had a vision of something else you were gonna do in life. Yeah, I mean I, there was a time when I thought maybe gym teacher was, was like something I, I knew I wanted to enjoy my life. So I was a sports guy, but I was really at that point, let me get the degree and get outta get outta college. And you ended up developing your own business, which is a long and amazing story. But you started in, I mean, before the internet was as big as it is now, it was a physical newspaper at one time. Is this right? Parcel Sports was basically a four page gambling rag like fantasy for sports, that type of thing.


And I would hand it out outside of subway stations in Boston, literally up 4:00 AM screaming at people to take the newspaper. I do all the jobs in the paper. I, I'd write sales, whatever. And then I'd go back to the subway station around 4:00 PM hit people on their evening commute. And that's how it started. And that's how it was for the beginning years. Did You have a vision for what it was gonna be? No, No vision. I I, I just really want to wake up and enjoy what I did. I was interested in the gambling industry. That was something that interested me. So fantasy, sports, that type of thing. I never dreamed it would be what it was today. If I could have squeezed out 60 grand a year, waking up happy, working for myself, that would've been a win.


It seems to me you then caught a couple of big waves and one, is the internet getting bigger and bigger and the other is gambling and sports getting closer and closer, more intertwined. Yeah. Is that how you see it? I caught a lot of waves. I won't just say two. A right time, right place, right guy throughout the years. But the internet, without the internet, I'm not here with Barstool and Barstool isn't here. Found the right writers, right people to work. The gambling part of it, we actually sort of went away for, for a while. But I would say what elevated my bank account for sure was the changing of the law in the United States where you could now legally bet on sports.


We had started as a gambling newspaper and then, I don't know, 10 years, I'm guessing when that law changed. We were uniquely positioned with our audience for all these companies. It was, it was a land rush. I mean, it was a gold mine of people throwing money at advertisers, different types of things. So we were just right time, right place again for that. So I think about where your business is now and it's this kind there. I mean, you're, you're at some intersection of sports, of gambling, of culture, a little bit of politics, a little bit of news. But like, what's the one sentence description? What essentially is it that you're doing Yourself? It started, and I think it rings true for the most part, Barsol Sports was supposed to mean anything.


Guys would talk about sitting down at a bar watching sports. So that's pretty wide open on what it could be. The only caveat I'd say, which I didn't anticipate, we, we've more, we have a, a big female audience too, and launched some of the biggest female podcasts and podcast stars. So it's, it's really what a guy or girl may talk about in their living room or for guys in a locker room or girls in a locker room that's really, it's supposed to be plain speak, basically busting each other's balls and having fun. Does the, when with those podcasts, does the audience segregate or self-segregate? Men and women listen to different things. It generally does, but it can't, it it depends on the podcast. It depends what they're doing. Like I worked on a podcast until recently called BF and this was basically, I thought at the time Barstool was starting to get old and, and TikTok was developed and we, the kid, If you went to people on TikTok, said, what's Barstool Sports?


They've been like, we have no idea. So I, I knew I had to penetrate that audience. So we teamed up with a, a TikTok star, Josh Richards, basically think of a boy band except for TikTok. That's really what it is. And Barstool got big in TikTok now that audience, male, female, everybody talking about things for, for multiple people. Then we have, you know, spit and Chiclets as a hockey podcast. That'll be very male centered. Call her daddy, which is, I still think to date the biggest female podcast of all time. That was really female focused. So it, it's just, what are they talking about? I follow on Instagram. Your, your pizza ratings, your political commentaries, the same things are on TikTok and every other platform.


Correct? Correct. A lot of people know you from those, are you in real life the same person that I see on Instagram? Yeah, it, it varies on what you're doing. It may be an amped up a WWE version of it at times. And I have a vehicle obviously to, to get my thoughts out with it. But it's, it's me for the most part. I mean, again, it depends the, the situation. I got arrested, protesting Tom Brady into Flight Gate. Like we went myself, three other Patriot fans worked, handcuffed ourselves to each other outside of the commissioner's office and said, we want to talk to Goodell. I thought what they did to Brady was wrong, unfair, all of that.


If I had a nine to five, am I going and handcuffing myself to in front of the headquarters? No, I'm not like, I'm not a crazy person, but we are in an entertainment business. So that worked for us. You wanted to make that point. You also wanted to get attention from making that point. Yeah, and even in that, we, one thing I will say about us, and I've said about that incident, we do it for our, our readers, our fans. Sometimes I don't think about the effect beyond who I'm speaking with. And I think that sometimes surprised me, sometimes doesn't. But like our crowd knows me, so we've been around 20 plus years, so they can almost predict what I'm gonna say before I say it. But a lot of times I'll see people who maybe less and less, who don't know who I am, they're like, holy cow, what's this guy saying?


And they don't have the context or anything of who we are and where we came from. Who In your mind is your audience, the person you're talking to when you're talking? I'd say a very, I'd say like 90% of like normal Americans. Like I think the extreme left and the extreme right are like a little bit nuts. But this for the most part is people trying to grind through their day. They have a normal job, they're in college, whatever. They're trying not to take things too seriously and enjoy their lives and maybe have an escape for a couple minutes, you know, hours how, however they consume us. But really, that's who I think our audience is. There's this phrase that people use, I don't know If you like it or not, the manosphere talking about like male podcasters and internet stars talking to bros about bro things.


Do you accept that there is such a thing and are you part of it? I think there maybe is, but it, it gets, I've seen myself lumped in, in all sorts of different mano spheres. I've seen barcel Republicans, I've seen stuff that I, I would say are inaccurate how they describe us. There's always bros. I mean, I think when you say the word bro, it's somebody who, you know, maybe like sports and wants to get laid, like, which I don't think is a bad thing at all. I think that can sometimes be like shamed recently since I've been doing bar stool for sure. And, and there I I think the bros don't like being shamed for that.


But I think it, it, it's a far more complicated word than just to be like, you know, the revenge of the nerd type guy in the football locker room who's like nerds. Like I, no, I, there's certainly male focused publications and again, I guess you could say we're one, that's what people say probably 'cause they think of me. But then If you actually look at who we employ, we have just as much of the equal female stuff going on. Yeah. So, you know, bro, are they thinking Rogan? They're thinking Theo Vaughn, I get thrown in that a lot. Do you accept it? Are you in that group? We have a male audience, like we may feel very differently on, on certain issues.


So I think if somebody says, bro, what are they saying? You love Trump. I, I voted for Trump. It's more an indictment of, I would say the Democrats and endorsement of Trump's politics. I'm pro-choice. I think people would say that is not a typical bro standpoint. So I think there's certain things. I think they think you're magna. I would say I'm not, you know, and I don't know that like Rogan is, I I think there's intricacies within each person. It's hard to just say, well, that fan base or that person is all these rules. Do you think that, I Think it's blunt talk is mostly Just saying, I I think it's being bottom blunt and, and, and more not politically correct.


Like not, not caring necessarily what that is. If you wanna say that's, bro, I'm definitely that. I don't care what people think about me, but I guess I just don't think it's as straightforward as what I perceive when people mention me. Has something happened in society that has made men like that more political than maybe they would've been 10 years ago? I would say I, I had no plans. If you told me we'd be, I, I'd be on NPR in, in a political leaning podcast like five years ago. I'd be like, you're crazy. It's something I have no interest in. I've actually, I always with Barcel prescribed to the Michael Jordan, like red, red states by sneakers and so do blue states. So we're not in politics. You're In business.


Yeah, in politics, you're gonna piss half the people off no matter what you say. So that's a potential customer. Why don't you want them? So I didn't think I'd be here, but during Barstool it became increasingly obvious that you couldn't tell jokes and you couldn't do things that I don't think you should be ashamed for or ashamed for. And I felt like that was becoming prevalent and maybe it's 'cause of Barstool where we consider ourselves a comedy brand and would come under fire for things. So not, and it was on schools, it was in the media. And really I felt that that was a, something that drove me to probably be a little bit more political.


One of your posts in recent weeks, you talk about your feeling that the political left makes, I believe the phrase was normal white guys feel like you're evil or bad or something Like that. Yes. Yeah. I I, I'd stand by that. At this point in our conversation, Dave Portnoy took a breath. Some listeners get a break now and then we will hear why Portnoy says he stands by that


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com


support for NPR and the following message come from Indeed you just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed claim your $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash npr Terms and conditions apply.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com.


So he asked Dave Portnoy about a social media post in which he said he felt the left was out to get normal white guys like him. Here's what he said. I'd stand by that. And and there's an element to me that I felt if you're, and now this is somebody I started a business from scratch and, and really didn't get any help. Moved home, worked, didn't take a vacation day for 10 years and grind my ass off to get where it is. And I felt that there was, I should somehow have shame as being a white person who wants to make a lot of money and live a great life. And, And that bothered me. And and there's different things that happened along the way that really reinforced it.


Like I know you had a OC on, she jumped into, into my world. I didn't really even know she was, but we had a rival website way back in the day. Deadspin hate them. Yeah, yeah. They're the, they they are, they went from being like the most off the cuff, non PC website to doing 180. They deleted all their, all their history and suddenly they, you couldn't say a joke. They apologized for all of it anyways. They were going outta business and they had a union and, and we do not have a union. And I just hate deadspin. So I, I did something like, Hey, the union couldn't stop these guys from losing all their jobs and we pay well and do great.


A OC jumped into the fray and tweeted at us. It's like illegal for us not to have unions and threaten unions. Our reaction to that was we created a fake union within Barstool and we were actually playing it like they were fake calling to Le like, you'll never believe what Dave is doing and all this stuff. We, this turned to a big thing. I had to apologize to the National Labor Relations Board. Huh? Things like that drive me nuts. Like anybody who objectively looked at what we're doing new Barlow's, like these guys are joking around, you Had to apologize. Why? Because You were accused. 'cause we threatened our, we, we you threatened your employees. I I I tweeted out as part of the ongoing satire of what we do, anybody who creates a union, I will bust that union to shreds and you'll be gone.


And it continued, like she'd say she'd throw a bar back and weed up the ante. And it was our own people with a union we had created as kind of like a Saturday Night Live skit creating all the issues. So do you think you Ought to have a real union? No. No. We definitely shouldn't have a union. You know what? Our union is talent. Like if, if, if we've made, so if, if I look at the people who have come and gone just briefly, like Alex Cooper left Barsol made 70 million from Spotify. I think McAfee got about a hundred million at ESPN busing with the boys. The podcast just got 60 million from FanDuel. Also, I don't fire people. We pay great.


And If you are great, we use a model like a a i I look at us like a athletic team, right? If you are a great player and we sign you a two year contract, at the end you'll have the option. You can go get more money because we can't pay you. You Stay with us and we pay you. But talent for us, we're in a talent business. So talent pays. There's no, we pay well, we do Well If you look at the history of our company, almost nobody leaves. We don't fire everybody. So we absolutely do not a union have a union. But I find it interesting, all the companies kill us for that debacle. They all have unions and their people all have been laid off and gone outta business. We haven't, we're thriving and have been for 20 years and people love working for Barstool.


So there's this phrase, Barstool conservatism. Yes. Which you've heard. I looked up the definition of it on Wikipedia. I'll I'll read you some of the words. They have. Barstool conservatism, pro-Trump, libertarian, no lockdowns, a COVID reference, no abortion bans unwilling to accept liberal social norms, embraces sexual libertinism, anti-authoritarian, and lots of f-bombs. That's their definition. Yeah. I think Mo I think most of those I agree with. So I, I guess a question for that would be, are they talking about me or are they talking about Baral? Because If you look at any media organization, unless you're talking about something that's political, we have people all over the place.


Yeah. We have people on the far left. We have people on the far right. I mean, we have a, a gay podcast, we have straight podcast, we have sports podcast girl. So we're all over the place. So I, I don't know that it's fair to, to judge the whole company based on what you think the views of me are. Which Is that a good summary of your Views? I think, I think for the most part it is. I think for the most part it is. You haven't done any f-bombs in this interview, by the way. I Appreciate it. No, because NPR Can I do an f You could do it. You could, we could bleep If you, you should express yourself the way you need to. I, I, I feel like I'm speaking freely, but that's great. That's, if it comes to the top of my mind, I'll let It rip. It's available, it's available. Let me ask another question. Now. Having voted for him, has Trump met your expectations so far? I think he has.


I I I think Trump for the most part has done exactly what he said he was going to do. Now people are getting upset at him trying to do what he said he was gonna do. But I, he has in my mind, done what he said he was gonna do. Like I had a rant about tariffs. Yeah, right. Because I'm in the stock market and I do a show. You Lost a lot of money. Yeah. And I lost a lot of money and so I'm gonna rant about that. And he had a quote later that it wasn't his stock market. I think it was Biden's. Well, that's garbage. It's yours. Your, your, your direct statements are causing it to go up and down. It's bounced back. But I was mad, but I told myself, I was like, he said he was going to do tariffs that wasn't like he was hiding that and pulled it out.


So for the most part, I feel like he's trying to do exactly what he ran on and what he got voted for. What do you think about the way he's doing tariffs? I mean, up, down, constantly up and down. Yeah. So that, that mess the stock market for sure. As he said, I think someone asked him the other day, I, he'd say it's a negotiation and I think it's too early to tell where it lands and how it goes. And I think I said that one of my rants, it was cut off because people clip everything, but it's like, we'll see how it plays out. The stock market goes up and down. I you can't kill the stock market, you can't kill the economy with this tariff scheme. But I think Trump would say I'm the greatest negotiator the world has ever seen. Do You suspect or assume as I think a lot of people do, that somebody on the inside may be making money as he keeps saying things that make the market go up, go down.


I Always think people are making money on the inside. So yeah, I'm sure people are making money. Does That bother you? It does bother me. But back to a OCI agree with her that politicians shouldn't be able to trade stocks, period. That, that's crazy me. But I don't think it's unique in a weird way like the Trump meme coin, like that's so blatant in your face. I'd almost rather have that than like Hunter Biden doing some back deal that I don't know about. So none of it to me is good, but it, So it's more straightforward to just have a dinner and everybody who's paying me should come to dinner. Yeah, yeah. Which is what Trump did with the coin.


With the coin. Yeah. So again, I don't like it and they are, I'm sure making money, but this isn't, I, I wouldn't sit here and say, well damn, like Donald Trump's the first president ever to be making money. Like I, I think they all do. I don't trust any of them. Probably a lot of your readers that invested in that meme coin and have lost as it gone, as it's gone up and down. Well yeah, meme coins is a crazy world. I actually made money on that one. But meme coins to me in, in the, it's a whole different discussion that is, you can't cry If you lose money in a meme coin. That's, If you went to Las Vegas and put a dollar in a slot machine, pulled a slot and lost and cried, Hey, I didn't know I was gonna lose.


Like, now you may say the public should be protected against that, but meme coins are a dangerous, You said you made money on the Trump On On the Trump one. I did. I made bucks. How'd you do that other than buy low, sell high? Was there something To it? That's it. That's just totally it. Like, I think I bought at 24, I went to bed, it was at 75. I said, get me out of this. And then I put a million I I made a million and I put on the Buffalo Bills to win the Super Bowl. So I'm back down even. Yeah, Well, but you had a lot of fun Way. Yeah, it was a good ride. Let me ask about another thing in that that that bar stool conservatism definition, anti-authoritarianism. Does anything the president has done to expand his power or to reach for more power concern you?


No, not yet. I agree with a decent amount of what he's trying to do. I'd have to get a specific amp example. There could be specific examples where you're like, I'm like, no, I don't agree with this one, but the things I should add Send sending people overseas without court proceedings. This, to give an example, this Is a complicated issue because for the guy, and I forget his name, the the, the one that the Marilyn, the they, they the one with the tattoos, but not tattoos. The Maryland, the bra Garcia. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I think he's a bad guy. Like I don't think he should be the one that Democrats are putting a flag in the stand and being like, what are we doing here?


Even Though they're like, well, you know, his tattoo meant something else. You, you, I think the tattoo, they didn't have the actual, but I, I, I think for that to be like your flagship guy where I have the issue, you gotta be right a hundred percent of the time. Like he, I don't have a problem with, but God forbid you, and I don't necessarily think you should go back in time. Like I don't think if, if somebody is a doesn't isn't here legally, but they're a productive member of society with no issues, I don't think, then you go and say, get outta here. I, but If you are, you've been committed of a crime or have something and you're here illegally, I don't have a problem with them getting kicked outta the country.


I think that's okay. To answer your question, I don't have a solve because how do you do due process with all of 'em? Because you'll never get through it because of the time and energy it takes to do that and go through the courts. So I'm stuck. I don't have an answer for you. You have to be right 100% of the time because you the due process. How do you know? So I don't have the answer for you. That's it. Yeah, You're right. You're right. I mean, the court system is slow. It takes a year. So, so you're, but You can also churn people and hundreds of thousands people can get deported every year. Yeah. So it can be done in the system. I, I don't think If you have a criminal record or you've done something illegally, I think this guy had a restraining order, his wife and like, and you're not here legally, then you shouldn't be in this country.


That, that I have no problem with how to accomplish that higher goal is a little more complicated. Bill Maher, who I think maybe is sympathetic with you in some, some of his positions has been very critical of Trump, but went to dinner with Trump and says he told Trump you're scaring people. Do you think Trump is scaring people? And does it bother you? If he is, He's definitely scaring people. He's definitely scaring people. But he was scaring people. He's been scaring people. How long has he been on a political scene now? 12 years In this, in this iteration. Yeah. He was even doing things before. Yeah. So I think he's been scaring people throughout.


I don't know Mike, he scares my dad. I've said this many times. My dad is an anti-Trump or hates him. Trump derangement syndrome. I I, I think the fear is overbuilt. I also think a lot of it, there's no way for the toothpaste to go back in the tube. Like he scares people. There's no, but Bill Maher is saying you're scaring people. I don't know what he would do differently at this point in the game to put people at ease. And I don't know that that's his responsibility necessarily to put, I mean, yeah, you wanna unite the country And that was my number one thing. What, when I said, what If you said, Dave, what is your critique of Trump? I'd say he is intentionally divisive. Like that. That is something you want to bring the country together.


But man, the people who don't like him hate his guts. Like they just, I feel like he could cure cancer and they'd be like, why didn't you get aids while you were at it? You know? I just don't think there's anything he could do that they would give him credit for except him for at this point that, that's his story on that is sort of written. And he obviously digs in and entrenches around it. Part of me I can see in that, because if like you come at me, I think unfairly, I like, you're gonna get, I'm not gonna try to play nice with you. And he doesn't. Now I'm not the president. Yeah. So that's an obvious difference. When you call your dad, do you talk politics or avoid talking politics? We gotta avoid it. We, we, we maybe will last a minute and, and there's just no way he and I will ever see eye to eye on, on certain things ever.


He considers himself the number one Trump expert in the world. He's like, Davey, I know Trump more than you. I've been following him my whole life and I know things you don't know. And he's a bad guy. It just, the people Who he bothers follow him all the time. Yeah, you're paying attention all time. It's the time. It's like Howard Stern quote, like, the people love me. Listen for five. The people hate me, listen for 10. But yeah, my dad qualifies for that. So my mom will put a stop to it. But I'm not one of those guys who sits here like my dad. I think really when he got elected, he is like, the world could not be here in four years. Like he could do something with this much power where we're just not here. I, I don't feel that way. I, I, I think Trump is a rational, sane guy.


I actually think he's brilliant, but a lot of people hate things. He stands for, they think he stands for. Now, if you've been listening closely to Dave Portnoy, you've heard that he's for Trump, but not all the time on every issue. And that raises a question on the minds of many Democrats. Could they win back A few more men? Some people have a break here. And then we'll ask Portnoy what he thinks Democrats could do.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@warbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com.


This message comes from Schwab. Everyone has moments when they could have done better. Same goes for where you invest. Level up and invest smarter with Schwab. Get market insights, education and human help when you need it.


Democrats, as you probably know, are asking, why are we doing so badly with men? We have this gender gap used to work for us with so many women. Now it works against us. They're having focus groups, they're commissioning studies. What would you tell Democrats to do differently, if anything? There's a lot of things probably I, it goes back to what you said, and I don't know if I have this specific example, but I really truly feel like men have been, I demonize is not the right word. I'll use an example of a story. And this was from a deadspin writer who hated our guts. And Drew Brees quarterback of the Saints broke, I believe it was the touchdown record or the passing record, some big NFL staff.


They stopped the game and he, his family's in the field and he says, see boys to your two, two kids. If you set your mind to it, You can do anything. There's a big think piece that he alienated his daughter by not including her in that discussion. Boys. Boys. He said boys. His daughter was there and it was like, boys, You can said anything to me that you've, you've lost the plot of reality. Like not everything is nearly as serious a as it may seem. And to me, again, like guys can say a girl is pretty without being sexist, that doesn't make you a sexist pig.


Simple things like that. It feels like you have to say in hush circumstances again, I, everything is blown out of proportion. I and my story probably makes me, some of the stuff I've had to deal with, I I'm probably more sensitive to it, but I You're Talking about accusations that you faced. Yeah. Accusations about Harassment and stuff forth. Yeah. Harassment. Never, and like we, we, a story that people still, like the New York Times, literally, they asked me for a quote about something the other day. I said, I'd rather put a pencil in my eye than speak to you guys. I don't trust you like at all. And they actually printed the quote, which I didn't expect that Dave's like, we asked him for a quote.


He said he'd rather put a pencil to, and then the sentence below was that Dave has admitted to being a racist in the past. That's what they said. What they're referring to is when Black Lives Matter happened, people who did not like me or Baral went through every post that everything I'd done at this point for 15 years, we had a Super Bowl party that we had Jar Rule and Ashanti performing at. And I do these things, emergency press conferences, and it's like emergency press conferences. You'll never believe who we have at Super Bowl party. I'm gonna sing five songs for you. The lyrics, the first 30 seconds, you guess who it is. One of the songs is five years prior to BLM had the N word in it.


I sang the lyric in front of the camera on YouTube, put it on, didn't think twice really of it. I went, do it again. Posted Nobody said a word in real time. It went five years later. This is what people say, Dave's a racist to me. I wouldn't have done it. But If you can't look at intent on what's being used and, and use some rationale that that's bad, that like shouldn't, like am I racist, like to the New York Times to literally be like, Dave's a racist because of that incident. 20 years of doing stuff to me is wildly disingenuous. I think you're saying, I shouldn't have said the word, but it wasn't that big a deal or it doesn't say everything.


I would never do it again. But it at different times. And, and even If you want to say Dave is a racist, I'm not stupid. Like I posted this on YouTube, like I, I didn't realize the impact that it would have on some people. I wouldn't do it again. But there is, there is context to things. There's more texture to things and and a lot of times I feel like in, in this internet age, it has blown out. I mean, that clip still gets used against me if someone doesn't like me. I hear that every time. Does your story also suggest though, I mean your success suggest that things are really not that bad for guys. I mean you did, you've done really well in life. Yeah. I don't know that it's bad.


I but it Do you still want to be like demonized for it? No. And and I wouldn't say it's bad. Like I don't know that my story though is an indication of anybody else's story. Yeah. There was an episode that we don't have to totally recount, but somebody at a bar stool bar Yes. Holds up a sign that says F the Jews. You had a very strong reaction, which understandable, but over the top almost. What really sets you off about that? It was probably building like, so I've been doing Barstool for like I said, 20 years since the conflict in the Middle East.


The amount of antisemitism I deal with daily is astounding and growing. So it, it had already caught my attention. The fact that it was so blatant and it got to the point that it actually made it onto the sign in our bar and somebody felt that it was okay to do that. That someone put it on the sign that, you know, nobody had a visceral reaction. Like, what the hell are you doing? All really, really, really bothered me. So I almost filmed my un unfiltered candid reactions all the time. I could be watching a sports event. Thi this pissed me off to no degree.


So I picked up the, the phone and made a video of how I felt. Hmm. And it turned into a days long, days long episode on the Internet. More than that. Yeah. Do you think it did any good? I don't know if it did any good. I think it raises attention to it a little bit. I've had plenty of Jewish people come up to me and just thank me. They're like, thank you for, for saying something. Not enough people are saying something whether that's true or not. So I'm glad I spoke up. It is interesting that you spoke up because you have been a free speech guy. Yep. In favor of saying what you think still am not necessarily a contradiction in saying you disagree totally with somebody else's offensive speech, but is there a line you would draw somewhere between what's appropriate, What's not?


No, I'm a, I'm a big free speech. You, if you're gonna put somebody in danger, like I can't, you can't yell like the, the classic like bomb in an airport. You can't do that. That, that's not free speech to me. This You can yell to Jews or do that where I think a lot of, I I would describe them as morons, confuse free speech with consequences for free speech. Like You can say whatever you want, but there's consequences to what you say. And that could be me airing you out, hoping you don't get a job in the future and things like that. So people seem to confuse those two elements to me. Like I am fully full speech outside of, Hey, I'm gonna murder you.


That's, that's not free speech. That's like, that's a threat that, that's different. But saying I don't like Jews. I don't like you either. But You can say it. You started to run for mayor of Boston once upon a time. Yeah, I got screwed. You got screwed. Yeah. What happened? So you needed 12,000 signatures to get on the ballot. I had a pretty well thought out plan because of all the colleges in Boston. I thought I could register them, get to vote. The signatures they can throw out for one of two reasons, you can't read it or they're not registered in Boston. We didn't do this ourselves. We paid a reputable Yeah. Firm to gather the signatures.


They got 20,000 of them and somehow only 11,000 of them were legible. So I, I think there was a concerted effort to keep me off the ballot there. Have you thought about running again for something Every once in a while? It's fleeting. I think You can accomplish a lot more in the private sector than probably You can in the public. I think we've done a good job bar stool with helping in the private sector, raising money at different times. I don't know, I don't trust those politicians. I feel like I go to a whatever and and really get frustrated with everything. I'm sitting here thinking like, you're pro-choice. So you would've trouble running as a Republican in most places?


Yeah, I, I'd have to be I And you're not a Democrat, that's for sure. Yeah, so I mean, growing up I would've said, I, I think libertarian is probably more where I'd fall. I, the problem is the political party. Like I think people are craving, what I would say is fiscal conservatism and social liberties. I think that is the majority of the country actually. I think that party, if that party was like an established party, I think that candidate would be very strong. I think about people in my family or that I grew up with whose views are a lot like yours and they're basically Republicans and basically vote Republicans.


But they think about it and when you talk with them, you find out, well, this guy voted for Obama once and this guy voted for Clinton. Have you voted for Democrats? And would you vote for a Democrat? Yeah, a hundred percent. I would vote for a Democrat. And I have voted for a Democrat. I campaigned for Paul Brown back in the day. And I've said this mindset, what the, the Democrats lost themselves the election with this whole Biden coverup of, of him as, I don't know, wanna call it dementia or whatever it is, cognitive disabilities fading, whatever you wanna call it. Yeah. Like I was talking about that for two years. It was, I think to an intelligent mind, quite obvious.


And If you said it you, and not like somebody like me, but like If you, that old, the interview with like Lara Trump, with Jake Tapper where she's, he, he's like screaming at her for even insinuating it. That type of attitude and the way they handled the election is why they lost. And what drives me to make rants on social media and Instagram is I feel as though the left will look at you with a straight face and say they are the moral clarity, moral compass, moral superiority. And it's like, well you've been lying for like two years to our faces about this. You may not like Trump. And people always say lies.


I think most of his lies tend to be crazy euphemisms. Like If you win a game by 20, you say won a hundred. I think they've been far more honest with the American people. Do you believe he's won all those club championships that he says to him, Well, I don't know. Do you think Putin or Kim JGs shot at like an 18 on a full regulation golf course? So I mean he's, he, listen, he's a great golfer for his age. He is that, Have you played with Him? Him? No, I've seen the clips. Okay. I've seen the clips. He would've, that was the funniest. And I do find comedy in like politics. That's, yeah. Like the whole golf debate between him and Biden I thought was like some of the best comedy material that we've had in a long time. Them going back, That was the high point of that. Otherwise low debate.


And, and it was the only thing that Biden really got under his skin about was what he said, like his handicap. So it takes a small victories there. You probably know that in surveys most people do not like the direction of the country. It was true last year. It's true this year. Sometimes it goes up a little, sometimes it goes back down. How do you feel about the direction of the country and where we're going? My biggest, like, I think Trump is doing what Trump's wanting to, I I want a United, United States. And when I say that like people don't hate each other and, and I do feel like we've lived in a world that there's a lot of hate in this country based on groups sectors.


I I, maybe I'm wrong, I've said it probably 10 times during this interview. I do think we're far more alike than we are not alike, but it seems like the differences are, are what has carried the day for a long time. And If you turn on the tv, it it or the news, it it, maybe that's always, maybe that's the internet age. Sometimes I can't tell. Like, something that you may not even know about gets blown up on social media. But I wish we got along more. That would be, that would be kind of what would be my biggest concern as somebody that there's just so much hate. Dave Portnoy, it's a pleasure talking with you. Thank you. Thanks for having me.


This has been a special edition of Upfirst from NPR News. We visited Dave Portnoy in the 3 0 5 podcast studios in Miami, where they moved aside a few of the plants to make space for us. Our producer is Adam Baron. Our editor is Rena Ani and Our Executive Producer is Jay Shaylor. I'm Steve Inskeep,


Support for NPR and the following message come from Washington Wise. Decisions made in Washington can affect your portfolio every day. Washington Wise from Charles Schwab is an original podcast that unpacks the stories making news in Washington. Listen At Schwab dot com slash Washington wise,


This message is from NPR sponsor Total Wine and More this summer season with so many bottles to choose from, it's easy to find your favorite and more. Find what you love and love what you find only at total wine and more drink responsibly. B 21.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Charles Schwab with its original podcast on investing. Each week hosts Lizanne Saunders, Schwab's Chief Investment Strategist and Kathy Jones, Schwab's chief fixed income strategist along with their guests, analyze economic developments and bring context to conversations around stocks, fixed income, the economy and more. Download the latest episode and subscribe At Schwab dot com slash on investing or wherever you get your podcasts.