
Good morning. Good morning. How you doing? I'm okay. How are you? I'm okay. You're doing better when I have a little more coffee. Isn't that a good sound? That's a great sound. President Trump praised his defense secretary even as an official talk of a search for a replacement. Pete TXS shared details of a forthcoming attack and a second group chat. Also, why did an official in his office quit? And why were others fired? I'm Layla Alden. That's Steve Inskeep, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Some people were in tears at St. Peter's Square. They put into words their appreciation for the late Pope Francis, His concern for others and the world, and trying to set an example.


Also, some parents seek the right to pick what their kids are exposed to in school. It's just very heartbreaking to me how many parents feel like they have to choose between educating their child and raising their children in their faith. A Supreme Court case tests the power to opt out of some lessons. Stay with us. We've got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you're tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees and free perks, Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month, five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available, taxes and fees, extra Mint Mobile for details,


support for NPR and the following message come from GoodRx, looking for relief from allergies this spring. Pay as little as $15 for common allergy medications with GoodRx. Plus, find savings on everyday prescriptions for you and your family. GoodRx lets you compare prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly find discounts of up to 80%. And even If you have insurance or Medicare, GoodRx may beat your copay price. Stop allergy season in its tracks. Go to goodrx.com/first.


From media to tech to politics, the world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now@donate.npr.org. We are waiting to see how, if at all, president Trump addresses the leadership of the Defense Department. When us official tells NPR that the search is underway to replace defense secretary Pete Hegseth. Publicly, the president is standing behind him. After a tumultuous week, he's office fired.


Some of his aides. Then came revelations that the secretary shared details of impending airstrikes in in Yemen. Again, NPR confirmed the second chat on the messaging app signal, which included Hex ex's wife, his brother, and his personal lawyer. The first chat was with top officials and a journalist who is inadvertently included. NPRs Quill. Lawrence is here to tell us more. Quill. Good morning. Hey, good morning. So we'll note that you're reporting this story with our colleague Tom Bowman. What are you guys hearing? Yeah, a US official told us that the search has begun after this second round of headlines about Hgsf that I should add. That the, the White House has said our anonymous source doesn't know what they're talking about, but at a a Rose Garden event yesterday, the president stood firmly by heg Seth, at least publicly.


No, he's doing a great job. It's just fake news. They just bring up stories. I guess it's sounds like disgruntled employees, you know, he was put there to get rid of a lot of bad people, and that's what he's doing. Quail that phrase, disgruntled employees. I think Heg Seth used a similar phrase in his public remarks about this and referred to people who were fired in his office. What's he talking about? Yeah. There were four senior advisors to HEGs who left in just the past week. Former Defense Department spokesman John Elliot resigned last week and then published a quite extraordinary opinion piece calling the past month at the Pentagon, a quote, full-blown meltdown and saying that this infighting is hurting President Trump.


He served in, in Trump's first administration. It appears to want to continue to serve three other Pentagon advisors. Colin Carroll, Dan Caldwell and, and Darren Snick were escorted outta the Pentagon and accused of leaking information to the press. They then put out as a trio, the, the three of them put out a, a joint statement on X saying that their dismissal was unconscionable And that they haven't even been told what they stand accused of leaking. They all three of them served in uniform. They say they understand the importance of information security. Caldwell and Snick, notably are longtime associates of of Hegseth. They've worked with him over a decade back to when he was at Concerned Veterans for America Policy Group.


So I'm trying to figure out what all of this adds up to. The White House does appear to be backing Hegseth, but he's been revealed, NPR has confirmed the original New York Times report that, that there was a second chat group on Signal where he was sharing information about an impending attack. Yeah, I mean it with the first chat group. It was against Pentagon policy to use signal for that. There were a lot of security issues with it, discussing details of an attack hours before the bombs hit in in Yemen. But it, the people in that chat were the vice president, the Secretary of State people who would need to know. This second group, it appears that Hegseth was just cut and pasting this actionable intelligence about us strikes to his wife.


People who just, I, I can't think of any conceivable need. They would have to know this information. And military sources, veterans I talked to are just outraged about this. They say that it really did put us lives at risk and American security at risk. And they're concerned that this example being set, you know, the military really drills into troops that they have to take responsibility for their actions own up. And so far heg, Seth has not done that yet for either of these signal chads. Yeah, and I guess we should emphasize Heg. Seth's side has insisted, no classified information was shared, leaning on how they define classified information, but it was information about an impending attack, which is always considered sensitive. Quill, thanks so much.


Thank You Steve. That's NPS Quill Lawrence. And since we mentioned signal, we will also mention that NPR R'S CEO chairs, the board of the Nonprofit Signal Foundation, which we cover like any other entity. Church Bells told from Notre Dame in Paris to the Philippines for the death of Pope Francis. He died on Monday at 88 years old after leading the Catholic Church's, 1.4 billion followers, tributes have poured in from around the world, remembering Jorge Mario Bario, the first Pope from Latin America as a leader who advocated for the poor and the dispossessed Gloria In Rome.


The faithful gathered for rosary prayers for Francis and preparations are underway for his Funeral. NPRs Ruth Sherlock is in Rome. Hi there, Ruth. Hi. Good morning. What are you hearing from people in St. Peters square? There's real emotion under a sense of loss. You know, many were in tears at the rosary prayers last night, but Steve people are also talking about Francis' legacy, about what he stood for in the, in his 12 years as Pope. This is Ruth and ti from Montana, His concern for others and the world, the environment with concern for other people and trying to set an example. Part of that example was to his own church. Francis famously derided the wealth and the lace and the frills that come with a papacy.


He'd wear simpler outfits. He kept his plastic watch, traveled in a small fiat car promoting this idea of a less ornate gold laden church. And then he was also an advocate for migrants and the environment and seen as being friendlier to the L-G-B-T-Q faithful. He's been accused though of not making substantial enough changes to the church. He is Ian Kilroy from Ireland. I think Francis was too radical for the conservatives in the church and not radical enough for the reformers in the church, but certainly his impulse was towards reform within Catholicism, and he will be remembered for that. So even among regular people, You can kind of see the debates taking shape on what his future legacy might be.


Yeah. It's been fascinating to reflect on how much he changed the tone of the church without changing the underlying rules of the church. Yeah, exactly. And And now we go on to the funeral and a selection. What are you hearing about the next few days? His body will be moved to St. Peter's Basilica where people could come to see him from Wednesday. Previous popes were placed in these three nested coffins standing on an elevated beer for the public viewing. But Francis has ordered that he'll be put in a single wooden coffin and it's gonna be positioned facing the church pews. His funeral will be Saturday. Of course, many people will come from all around the world, including President Trump. And then what about the conclave that comes after? Well, it's the largest conclave in history.


Pope Francis has appointed 108 of the 135 cardinals who can vote in that conclave. Here's Austin Ivory Pope Francis Francis's biographer. He's appointed so many cardinals who are from far-flung places, often with very small Catholic populations who are on the frontier of interreligious dialogue or war or suffering. Anyway, the realities of the world so that they bring those realities into the room. So even if Francis chooses Cardinals with a similar outlook, experts say, many will still differ and view on some of the huge range of issues. And there's really no guarantee that the conclave will choose a more liberal pope like Francis. Yeah, it's a fascinating choice to be watching N p's.


Ruth Sherlock, thanks so much. Thank you. Today the US Supreme Court considers a question about public schools, Right? That question is whether and when parents should be allowed to pull their kids out of class over religious objections. Can parents pick and choose different bits of the curriculum taking education a la carte? NPR legal affairs correspondent, Nina Totenberg is covering this case. Hi Nina. Hi there Steve. So what are the basics of the case before the court? At the center of the cases, the school system in our own nearby Montgomery County, Maryland, and it's the most religiously diverse county in the United States of America.


It has 160,000 students of almost all faiths. And on one side, our parents who wanna opt their elementary and middle school children out of classes when those classes include story books with L-G-B-T-Q characters and themes. And the parents contend that the books expose their children to ideas that contradict their religious values. I talked to Grace Morrison, who's one of the parents who's suing the school system. Her daughter was 10 when the L-G-B-T-Q books were introduced in their curriculum. Okay. So rather than risk exposure to the unwanted ideas, Morrison is homeschooling her daughter and here she is. It's just very heartbreaking to me how many parents feel like they have to choose between educating their child in raising their children in their faith.


And what she really wants to do is to have her kid in the public school and be able to say that when certain material is discussed at all, the kid will be opted out of class and go to a different classroom. Has the school board made any effort to, to accommodate that point of view? Well, the board initially did allow opt-outs, but it says it became just unmanageable. Unlike a sex ed class, for example, where the school system does allow opt-outs, the board says it became a logistical nightmare to take children out of a classroom when a single story book that features some same sex parent or gay and lesbian kids could come up at any time.


And then there's the question of where do you draw the line? Could parents opt their kids out of a science class where Darwin's theory of evolution is being taught? Or a history class where there's a section on how women got out of the kitchen and into the workforce. These are things that are against some people's religious views. Well, what is the law set up to now before this case? Well, I talked to Yale law professor Justin Driver, who's written extensively about the history of public schools, and he says that generally these curriculum decisions are left to local school boards unless there's some effort to coerce students into accepting a religious belief. He defends the way the Montgomery County system has handled this issue.


It Seems to me that the process is working as it should, rather than empowering individual parents or students to be able to control it. People have raised objections. The school district has heard those objections and modified their practice. So we've heard the facts of this case. We've heard a little bit of the history. What happens when you take those facts And that history and put it before these particular nine justices? Well, answering that question is dangerous. You know, my guess is that a majority of the justices will side with the objectors who want an opt out, but that's not a certainty. I draw that conclusion mainly because the majority of the court has had little exposure to attending a public school themselves.


I don't know where they sent their kids to school, but only three of the justices went to public schools. The other six all attended private Catholic schools. Nina, thanks so much. Thank you, Steve. That's N P'S Nian Totenberg. Today we're also following a lawsuit filed by Harvard University. The nation's wealthiest school is challenging President Trump's administration, which froze more than $2 billion in grants for research. The administration asserts that it wants to crack down on antisemitism. It made wide ranging demands on Harvard, for example, learning the political views of students and professors and screening international students for those who are hostile to American values.


Harvard argues there's no rational connection between anti-Semitism concerns that grow out of protests in the last couple of years, and the scientific and technological research funds that were frozen, the university frames, the government's demands as a threat to its independence. And that's a first for this Tuesday, April 22nd. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Lela f. The NPR app lets you keep public radio right in your pocket. You'll find a mix of local, national, and international news, plus the very best podcast from the NPR network. Download the NPR app. Oh, I was waiting for you to say in your app, In your app store.


I was like, where else would they Get it? That's the question I always have. Download the NPR app at seven 11. Yeah, exactly. Download the NPR app at your corner store, Safeway. Today's Upfirst was edited by Andrew Sussman, Ryland Barton, Krishnadev Calamur, Arzu Reni, and Jana Williams. It was produced by Ziat bch, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent, who has been supportive as long as I've ever been on this program. And our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast? Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. DO'S plus.npr.org.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


Imagine If you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.