
The migrant at the center of Illegal Storm is back in the US Kmar. Abrego Garcia was deported to El Salvador. He now faces criminal charges. This is what American Justice looks like. I'm Debbie Elliot. I'm Aisha Roscoe, and this is Upfirst from NPR News World Pride is wrapping up in Washington DC this weekend. Thousands are expected to attend a march celebrating L-G-B-T-Q rights later today. But the event is taking place with the Trump administration targeting diversity programs. So how's that affected the party mood? And it is the business end of the season for the NBA.


And as hockey fans know, we've got a thrilling Stanley Cup on our hands. Stay with us. We have the news you need to start your weekend.


This message comes from T-Mobile for Business Lights camera innovation. Walt Disney Studios chose advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform the movie making process. Together they kept a remote production hub in Hawaii, in sync with a team in California to bring Lilo and Stitch to theaters this summer. This is picture perfect collaboration. This is Walt Disney Studios with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes financing your next car easy. Buy 100% online with customizable terms good for 30 days. Buy your car the convenient way with Carvana terms may apply.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you are tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees and free perks, Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


The case of Kmar Abrego Garcia is at the center of a bitter legal and political fight. For nearly two months, the Trump Administration said the migrant would not be brought back to the US after he was mistakenly deported to El Salvador. But in a surprise move yesterday, Abrego Garcia arrived back in the country after an arrest warrant was issued. NPR immigration reporter, Jimena Busillo, has been following the case and joins us now. Hi there. Good Morning. So why did the administration say he could come back? Well, attorney General Pam Bondy announced in a press conference yesterday that a grand jury in Tennessee had charged a Bgo Garcia Federal crimes.


The indictment has one count of alien smuggling and one count of conspiracy to commit alien smuggling. She said that the grand jury found that over the past nine years, Abrego Garcia played a significant role in an alien smuggling ring. The indictment alleges that he made over 100 trips transporting people without legal status between Texas and Maryland and other states. NPR has not independently confirmed the smuggling accusations. So what has been the response from Borrego Garcia's legal team? His lawyer, Simon Sandoval Moberg told me that after months of delay in secrecy, authorities were bringing his client back to quote, not correct their error, but to prosecute him.


You know, as you mentioned, a bgo Garcia had been deported to El Salvador by mistake. In 2019, he served a, he was received a protection from deportation to his native El Salvador because he successfully argued before an immigration judge that he could face gang violence if he was sent there. A federal judge in Maryland ordered that the Trump administration facilitate Abrigo Garcia's release and return. And this order was upheld unanimously by the US Supreme Court. But until the indictment, the administration had not been able to communicate its progress in doing this. And Trump officials even said that they would not bring him back. Abrego Garcia has been accused of committing various crimes, as we said.


How does this fit into President Trump's broader immigration strategy? Right. Abrego Garcia has been accused of being a member of the Salvadoran. MS 13 gang Trump officials use that allegation as a justification for removing him in the first place and then not returning him. His lawyers and wife have disputed those claims in court and now he's being indicted by the DOJ and is being returned. Under that context, president Trump has long campaigned and created policy aimed at making a connection between immigration and criminality beyond Abrego Garcia, the Trump administration has both said that they want to arrest and remove the worst of the worst, but they have also vowed to arrest and remove anyone without legal status blurring that line.


Abrigo Garcia's case really challenged how far the administration was willing to double down on its claims and in the face of even the highest courts orders. And now the administration is willing to push this into a new sphere of litigation. Right. And now the administration is seeking to expand the kind of resources it has to make these arrests and removals What's happening on that front? The Department of Homeland Security has requested 20,000 National Guard troops to help with immigration enforcement. The move comes as the White House is increasing pressure on immigration officers to arrest more people. My colleague Tom Bowman, obtained the official request from DHS to the Pentagon.


For the guard's use, their duties would really vary. Some would be placed in detention centers, others would help with the transportation and finding those to arrest, but ultimately used for interior enforcement within the country. How unprecedented is this? You know, fairly, the National Guard of each state is typically deployed at the discretion of each governor. There are different examples of how individual states have already done this within their own borders, but being able to use this across state lines might potentially be unprecedented. Multiple US officials tell NPR that the Pentagon is still working with state governors to determine what states might be able to provide troops.


NPR immigration reporter, Jimeno Castillo. Thank you. Thank you. Just down the street from the White House. Today, Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington DC will be closed for traffic for a parade. The pride parade that is Thousands of people are expected. Gay, transgender, queer, young, old of all races and religions. And this year, especially from all over the world, NPR, Lina Simmons Duffin is here to give us a preview of the parade. Thanks for being with us. Hi Debbie. So DC is usually pretty lit up for Pride every June, but this year it seems to be a different level.


Why is that? Yeah, so this year, world Pride is being celebrated here in the district And that is a roving international version of the Pride parades that happen all over the place in the summer months. The first one was in 2000 in Rome. It's been in Madrid and Toronto and this year it's in dc. So later today is the parade, but it's really a festival. It's been going on for several weeks with concerts and sporting events, art shows, lectures and more. Tell us what it's like in the city. There seems to be a lot going on politically with gay and trans people in America. Yeah, that's true. I mean, from its earliest moments, the second Trump administration has passed all sorts of executive orders affecting L-G-B-T-Q people from the anti diversity equity and inclusion, DEI ideology efforts that has affected L-G-B-T-Q people.


The White House has declared there are only two sexes and they cannot change. Transgender people cannot compete in sports. There are limits to healthcare access, military service, and then there's here Washington dc, which has a higher percentage of L-G-B-T-Q residents than any state in the nation. There's tension between the federal government and the DC government over its local budget. And that tension really ratcheted up this week when the National Park Service decided to close DuPont Circle, which is basically the heart of DC's historic gay neighborhood. The reason given was public safety and because of past vandalism, but local leaders had asked to keep it open, I should say the closure doesn't affect the parade route or any official events.


Well, has this tension affected the mood, the feeling in the city leading up to the parade? I would say yes, there is a sense of nervousness. I don't remember from past years all of those Trump administration policies we talked about have led some places to warn transgender people against traveling to DC this year. Here is Zach who asked NPR to only use his first name because he's a federal worker and fears retaliation for criticizing the Trump administration Anti-trans and antique policies made a lot of people, especially those in foreign countries, feel like they weren't welcome here. What about the businesses that have traditionally supported the parade? Yeah, corporate sponsorships are down this year, not just when it comes to World Pride in DC but across the country.


Gravity Research just did a survey of 200 corporations on their participation in Pride events and found a third, were scaling back this year. Some companies are nervous about being called out by President Trump, so they're trying to lay low in terms of public support while reassuring their employees that they still care. And that's a difficult needle to thread. So with this tension, how is that affecting the sense of celebration? Well, you're hearing a a saying a lot this year. The first pride was a riot, and that's a reference to Stonewall where transgender people fought back against a police raid in New York City in 1969. So pride didn't start because rainbows are pretty.


It started because discriminatory laws and societal intolerance pushed queer people to the breaking point and they decided to fight back. So I think this political moment has L-G-B-T-Q people thinking about that history and how fighting back when the odd seems stacked against you is something this community knows how to do. That's NPR. Is Selena Simmons Duffin, thank you so much. Thanks for having me. I don't get to say this often, but it's time for sports and there's a lot going on more than a century of college.


Amateurism is over and then there's the tennis, the women's final of the French Open is taking place today. Throw in a thrilling Stanley Cup and surprising NBA finals and you have a lot to talk about with ESPN's. Michelle Steele, thanks for being here, Michelle. Good Morning Deb. It's a busy morning. So last night a federal judge signed off on a $2.8 billion settlement. Now paving the way for colleges to actually pay athletes directly, this is a remarkable moment in college sports. It's ending more than a century of the amateur model.


What is it gonna look like? Yeah, so what's gonna happen, Deb, is that starting as early as July, schools will pay their athletes around $20 million annually as part of what's being framed as a revenue sharing deal. This is not salaries, which would kick in all sorts of other implications, right? So I guess the question here is who's gonna get the money? Football and basketball, they're the biggest revenue generators. They're gonna be the biggest beneficiaries. I think what's interesting to a lot of college football fans is now every NIL deal, these are name, image and likeness sort of endorsement deals. If they're over 600 bucks, they're gonna have to go through a clearing house to make sure it's a real endorsement deal and not just, you know, crazy Eddie's car dealership playing a guy to go to Alabama.


So we'll see how strict the enforcement is going to be around that. After a few years of the Wild West in the NIL dead, You know my husband mentioned, it's we're going from the a hundred dollars handshake to the million dollar deal, right? Yeah. Crazy. We're not gonna have duffle bags of cash, you know, lying around anymore. This is gonna be a regulated industry because college sports is a big business now. So the French Open Women's final is underway. Number one arena SCA of Belarus versus number two, cocoa golf of the United States. Golf would become the first American to win a women's single title in Paris in a decade.


Does she have a shot? She's definitely got a shot. She's won a Grand Slam before. In fact, she beat Salka the one time that they met in the Grand Slam final. But a lot of experts around tennis are putting their money on Saca. You know, I spoke to a coach this week who coached the last American woman to reach a French final Sloane Stevens. His name is Kamau Murray, and he told me that Senka has the hot hand. She's seen as dominant as Martina Navar. Tova was in her prime. So we'll see if Coco can defy those expectations. And like you said, the matches just about to get underway On the ice. Now the Stanley Cup tied after two games, the defending champs, the Florida Panthers, even things up with a double overtime win over the Edmonton.


Oilers has this cup final Rematched from last year. Been everything you've expected. This series has everything, Deb, you've got the revenge factor for the Oilers. Huge stars on both sides. Andrew Marchand, who's now joined the Panthers after a storied career with the Bruins, he had the Double OT winner last night. Great matchup. Both of these games have gone to overtime. You know, I have friends who are covering the series who are gonna be ping ponging between Edmonton and Miami, but I hope this series goes seven games. And you know what? They'll get a lot of frequent flyer miles, so it's Okay. And basketball, right? So the Indiana Pacers are the surprise leaders. They're up one over Oklahoma City Thunder after the first game in the NBA finals.


Thanks to yet another buzzer beater winning shot by Tyrese Halliburton that makes four stunning late game comebacks for the Pacers in these playoffs. I guess at some point we should stop calling them stunning. The Pacers were underdogs heading into Oklahoma City for that game. Few expected the Pacers to have a chance. Were we wrong about this team? The short answer Deb, is yes. You know, I think I can confirm. The Pacers are not a fluke. They just refuse to give up. They play at such a high pace. They're so aggressive even in the face of big deficits. You know, you mentioned this is their fourth late game comeback in the postseason and Tyree Halliburton is him.


He hit a game winner in every round of the playoffs. It's wild. He is so fun to Watch. It's hard. Oh, he is so fun. And you know what? One of his best friends, Deb in Indy, Caitlyn Clark, she told me recently that they've got a group text after games they can just chat about, you know, the challenges And of course the fun of their high pressure jobs. So that's pretty cool. You might see 'em around India at your local coffee shop. Who knows? That is cool. Thank you so much. That's ESPN's Michelle Steele, glad you were with us. You bet. See you next time. And that's Upfirst for Saturday, June 7th, 2025.


I'm Debbie Elliott. And I'm Aisha Roscoe.


But wait, we've got one more thing for you today Here at Upfirst we take keeping you informed seriously. Meanwhile, our friends at NPR r's Wait, wait, don't tell me they take making fun of the news very seriously. Each week they create a news quiz and we want to give Upfirst listeners the chance to play along. Now onto our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds of which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? I can indeed. McGee has three. Zach and Adam each have two. That means Zach and Adam are tied for second. And I'm an arbitrarily pick Adam to go first. So the clock will start when they begin. Your first question, fill in the blank. On Wednesday, Adam, president Trump announced a blank ban targeting 12 countries travel. Right according to a new report. The net worth of the 10 blankest people in America increased $365 billion last year. Richest? Yes, wealthiest. This week US blanks on steel increased to 50% tariffs. Right on Tuesday, a judge ordered the White House to continue offering blank affirming care to inmates in federal prisons. Gender. Right. This week the US beat out Australia to become the country that blanks the most in the entire world. Sleeps no swears. On Thursday, a Japanese spacecraft attempting to land on the blank crashed during its descent. Moon, right? On Thursday, the switch to the newest gaming console from blank was released. Nintendo, right this week, officials in Washington state had to release a warning to drivers after a truck tipped over on the highway while carrying blank. Oh, I heard about this. Was it a bunch of coins? No, it was millions of bees. According to the local sheriff, millions of bees escaped from a cargo truck after a tip to over near the Canadian border. Fortunately, less than 24 hours later, a group of volunteer beekeepers helped recover most of them. And they swear they're definitely the escape bees. Not just a bunch of new ones. You can tell because they're still wearing their tiny orange jumpsuits. Bill, how did Adam do in our quiz? Very well. Six, right? 12 more points. Total of 14 puts him in the lead. Alright, So Zach, you are up next. Here we go. Fill in the blank. According to the congressional budget office, the so-called big, beautiful blank would add $2.4 trillion to the deficit bill. Right? On Wednesday, the US veto to un resolution calling for immediate ceasefire in blank Gaza. Right On Tuesday, flash floods hit parts of Kansas after over a month's worth of blank fell in just one day Rainfall, right? Yes. This week a dedicated DoorDash driver in Chicago drove onto blank while trying to deliver an order. Lake Shore drive. No, that would be scary. He drove onto the tarmac at O'Hare Airport on Tuesday. Food safety inspectors said that some ground beef sold at Whole Foods may be contaminated with blank e coli. Right after their playoff loss to the Indiana Pacers, the New York Blanks fired their head coach mix. That doesn't seem nice. He asked this week, A man in Norway was shocked when he woke up and discovered that he had slept through blank. The pandemic? No. A 450 foot long cargo ship crashing into his front yard. Same. Same, Which happened to be on the ocean. Authorities have determined that the ship's watch officer fell asleep while on duty leading to the vessel veering off course and right into the guy's front yard, also asleep. The house owner who did not wake up when the ship which was very large, crashed right there. Call it a disaster If you want, but I think it's a touching story of two men miles apart. Napping with harmony. Bill, how did Zach do on our quiz? The first, well, He did very well. Five, right? 10 more points total to 12. He's in second place behind Ham. Alright, so also known as last. We're encouraging here. Alright then. So how many does Nain need to take it? Six. To win. Nain. Here we Go. Nain. Okay, this is for the game. Fill in the blank. Following a series of surprise drone attacks from Ukraine, Trump, and blank had a 75 minute phone call Putin, right this week. The White House said it was suspending international visas for new students at Blank University, Harvard, right? On Wednesday, the mayor of Baltimore confirmed that a blank spill had stained part of the waterfront red oil. Right this week, a woman in China who said she cried for three days after her boyfriend broke up with her, finally got her revenge by blanking, Getting rid of his Twitter account, No. Sending 2000 pounds of onions to his house. In order to avoid spreading outbreaks overseas, the CDC suggested travelers get the blank vaccine before flying The foot and mouth vaccine, The measles vaccine. On Wednesday, the trailer for the second part of The film adaptation of the musical blank was released. The musical Once Upon a Mattress. No, No. Deep pull. Thank you. The musical. Wicked Wicked for Good. This week, a man in Colorado escaped with just minor injuries after he was hit by a car, while he was in a blank On a in doing ketamine. No, he was in a porta-potty. Apparently the driver who had veered off the road and ran straight into this porta-potty and you know, okay, we've all been there. You have an emergency, you're desperate. You see an old uncared for porta-potty, and you're sitting in there and you think, well, at least this couldn't get any worse. Bill, Did Nain do well enough to win? Well, she got three right? For six more points, total of nine goes to the Irishman. He's our champion, Adam Burke. See how closely you followed the week's news and have some fun by listening to the podcast. Wait, wait. Don't tell me the NPR news quiz every Saturday. It's available in the NPR app and wherever you get your podcasts.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. Mint Mobile took what's wrong with wireless and made it right. They offer premium wireless plans for less. And all plans include high-speed data, unlimited talk, and text, and nationwide coverage. See for yourself at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


This message comes from Lisa. Lisa meticulously designs their mattresses. For exceptional comfort and support, visit lisa.com for 30% off mattresses and a free sleep bundle. Plus get an extra $50 off with promo code NPR.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you are tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees, and free perks, Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.