
Hey, Martinez, are you there? Yeah. Hey, Martinez. That's how I got my name. You know, people ask all the time, like, is his name really a Martinez? And they love this story. It's, it's been 20 something years and people still love that story. There we go. It was 20 years ago today. I wasn't. You Martinez changed his name to a I. There we Go. I wasn't planning on being buried, but I might have to now so I can put that on my headstone. Well, you know, the opportunity comes for all of us, so, so it could happen on primetime tv. Last night, two Obama's took aim at Donald Trump Who's gonna tell him that the job he's currently seeking might just be one of those black jobs.


Tonight, Minnesota Governor Tim Walls takes center stage. I'm Steve Inskeep with a Martinez, and this is upfirst from NPR News. Former President Trump is spending the Democratic Convention Week campaigning in swing states at a sheriff's office in Howell, Michigan. He talks about crime and promised immunity for police. We'll hear how that message is received and The final report is out in an investigation into the deadliest mass shooting in Maine's history. It found what it called multiple missed opportunities to intervene before the Attack in Lewiston last fall. stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions so you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. A-D-T-A-D-T knows a lot can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single and the next second you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't want to be. Maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe because when every second counts count on a DT. Visit adt.com today.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash upfirst.


Last night in Chicago, former president Barack Obama made the case for electing vice President Kamala Harris to the office he once held. I am feeling hopeful because this convention has always been pretty good to kids with funny names who believe in a country where anything is possible. Obama critiqued former President Trump saying the country doesn't need a repeat of his chaos and bluster. He urged Democrats to reach out to voters who don't agree with them on everything. NPR, senior White House correspondent Tamara Keith was in the United Center joins us now. Tamara, what did Michelle Obama have to say?


She directly took on something that no one else has yet. In the hours and hours of speeches, the racism and sexism that she knows from experience Harris will face a lot more of in the weeks to come. And the largely unspoken fear, even with all the hope in euphoria from Democrats, that America isn't ready for a woman of color to be president. We cannot indulge our anxieties about whether this country will elect someone like Kamala instead of doing everything we can to get someone like Kamala elected. Her message to Democrats that she repeated throughout her speech was do something to volunteer, to counter lies, to not be complacent in what is expected to be a very close election.


Okay, and then President Obama, former President Obama followed, what was the crux of his case? Well, Both of the Obamas were quite critical of Trump. Michelle Obama said that Harris and most Americans don't come from rich families where they get a lot of chances to get ahead or a free ride to the top. Barack Obama said Trump has never stopped whining about his troubles and he mocked Trump about his obsession with crowd size On a night when Harris supporters filled, not one but two arenas during the convention last night, Harris held a rally in Milwaukee in the same arena where Trump had made his acceptance speech just five weeks ago. Alright, so tonight Kamala Harris' running mate, Minnesota governor Tim Walls will deliver the keynote address.


What does he have to do tonight? Americans and even Democrats are still getting to know him, so he's got to fill in some of the blanks about his life. Since until recently, walls was relatively unknown on the national stage and Trump and his allies have been going after him. Former President Obama laid some of the groundwork for him last night emphasizing his authenticity. You Can tell those those flannel shirts he wears don't come from some political consultant. They come from his closet and they have been through some stuff And when the cameras cut to walls, his wife Gwen, she gave the look of someone who wished some of those ragged flannels would be thrown out. I'm hugging my flannels from the nineties, Jim.


I'm never giving those up. Now you mentioned how a Americans are still getting to know Tim Walls, his running mate. Kamala Harris is still getting to know Tim Walls as well. So you've been out with him on the trail. How's this getting to know each other stage going? Yeah, she, before she picked him, it would be more accurate to say that they were friendly rather than friends. They have this buddy comedy energy when they're together now walls, the Midwestern high school football coach and teacher turned politician. And Harris, the former prosecutor who grew up in the San Francisco Bay area, I called author Chris Whipple, who writes about presidents to talk about their relationship. He says it is pretty common for a nominee and their running mate to have a campaign trail marriage without having a real relationship going in.


He says, so far they've done well together campaigning, but it is really hard to know how they would work together in office should they win. NPR is Tamara Key. Thanks a lot. You're Welcome. While Democrats are holding their convention in Chicago, former president Donald Trump is traveling across the country, Trump And his running mate, Ohio Senator JD Vance plan to visit swing states every single day this week, hoping to get a message across to voters to choose Trump in November. NPR political correspondent Danielle Kurt Slavin is following Trump for some of his stops this week. Danielle, you were at a Trump event outside of Detroit yesterday where he emphasized crime.


What did he have to say and and how does it differ from what Kamala Harris is saying? Well, first of all, to hammer home the crime theme, he spoke at a county sheriff's office in the town of Howell, Michigan. And this was a small event. This wasn't your typical Trump rally. An officer on hand told me that this was held in a storage building. It was kind of like a machine shed, and it had maybe a hundred to 200 people. Now, a lot of those were cops. And Trump pushed a message about supporting and boosting law enforcement, for example, as opposed to defunding the police. He talked about refunding as he put it, the police, he talked about immunity from prosecution for cops, and also separately, he talked a lot about undocumented immigrants.


He really especially talked about some crimes committed by immigrants in pretty lurid detail. Now, part of what he's doing with that message is trying to paint America as bad right now and say that he is the one to fix it. Now, that is a big contrast from Kamala Harris. She talks about crime as a prosecutor, talking about how she has put criminals away and she has talked about putting away quote predators and fraudsters and cheaters. And then she has linked that to Trump casting him as a criminal saying she wants to get tough on him. So broadly speaking, Trump talks about beefing up law enforcement. Also, it is not clear he would have the power to do all that he would want. Now, Harris talks about it in a more systemic way, having been in the criminal justice system as a prosecutor, and also that she wants to end systemic abuses as she talks about, for example, she co-sponsored the George Floyd Justice and Policing Act, which aims to protect people from cops in many ways.


Now so far at the convention, the Democrats are, are making the case against Donald Trump focusing a lot on that so far. How is Trump trying to counter that? Well, one thing that's really stood out to me in his last few events is how much he uses the phrase common sense here he was yesterday. I like to say the Republican Party is now the party of common sense. Conservative. Yeah, I guess conservative, it doesn't matter. It's the party of common sense. And like I said, he seemed, I think he's been saying that quite a bit in the last few weeks. And I think you could see that as a counter to the weird attacks that Democrats are launching at him in Vance Casting Trump and JD Vance. As weird, I asked the campaign about this, they said, no, this is just a, this is a thing he's been saying since 2016.


And yeah, it's a common phrase, but given how much he's saying it lately, he's been casting Democrats as too liberal and just trying to take back the mantle of normal. Alright, so where is Donald Trump heading to today? Today he and his running mate, JD Vance, will be in Asheboro, North Carolina talking national security. And I think you can really expect them to keep talking about global affairs from an isolationist lens. After all, Trump has criticized nato, he wants to ratchet back aid to Ukraine. And you can imagine they'll also talk about pushing aid to Israel. Alright, That's NPRs Daniel Klavin. Thank you very much. Thank you.


The final report is out in an investigation into the deadliest mass shooting in Maine's history. Last year, a man with an assault rifle open fire at two popular night spots in Lewiston, Maine, killing 18 people and then took his own life. Yesterday, an investigative panel released its findings on the events leading up to that tragedy. And we're joined now by Kevin Miller with Maine Public Radio to talk about the multiple missed opportunities that were highlighted. In that report. Kevin, the special commission, found a number of failures on the part of law enforcement and the Army Reserves. What did the report have to say? Yeah, that's right. The report found that the leaders of the Gunman's Army Reserve Unit failed to take the necessary steps to quote, reduce the threat that the gunman Robert Card posed to the public.


But members of Robert Card's family had also raised concerns about his increasing paranoia and his access to guns Card was acting erratically and be and aggressively during a training mission. And reserve leaders actually ordered him to undergo an evaluation and he spent about two weeks in a psychiatric hospital. But the commission said those reserve leaders didn't do enough after his release from that hospital. Here's the commission Chairman Dan Whan. Despite their knowledge, they ignored the strong recommendation of card's, mental health providers to stay engaged with his care and take steps to remove weapons from his home. Right. So given those warning signs, why weren't his guns taken away?


The report says the local sheriff's office had quote sufficient probable cause to take Robert Card into protective custody. No, Maine has a ELO flag law on the books where if a medical professional and a judge agree that someone poses a high enough threat, that person could be forced to temporarily give up their guns. But that never happened in this case. Sheriff's officials said at the time that card hadn't committed any crimes and they suggested that his reserve leaders actually downplayed the threat that he posed. Reserve leaders dispute that and they said they really had no legal authority to take his, his personal guns. So there's been a lot of finger pointing over who was most at fault. All right. So what about the, the family members of the victims? I mean, what did they have to say about this report?


Well, immediately after the report was released, the attorneys for victims families and survivors held the press conference on the steps of Lewiston City Hall. They agreed with a lot of the conclusions, but one of the attorneys, Ben Gideon, also made clear that this isn't over. The next step in this process needs to be real accountability, and that's where we come in and in the next few months, you will be hearing what that plan entails in terms of the civil lawsuits and cases that we will be pursuing on behalf of all of our clients. All right. So definitely sounds like it's, as you said, not over. What else might come out of this? Well, the commission didn't make any policy recommendations. They said that's really up to elected leaders.


The state officials actually passed several laws earlier this year, tightening gun restrictions, things like expanded background checks and a waiting period on gun purchases. and that was really a big deal in a gun friendly state like Maine. But it'll be interesting to see whether this latest report sparks any discussion of additional policy changes. Alright, that's Kevin Miller with Maine Public Radio. Kevin, thank you. Thank you. And that's upfirst for Wednesday, August 21st. I, mean Martinez. And I'm Steve Inskeep Tonight, check out NPRs live special coverage from the Democratic Convention in Chicago, Scott Dero and the NPR Politics podcast team kickoff coverage at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific.


And we have something special for you today. You can watch that coverage live on the app or@npr.org. And if you're on YouTube, so are we watch our convention coverage on the NPR YouTube channel. And of course, you can always listen on many NPR stations. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Roberta Rampton, Megan Pratz, Gigi Dubon, Jana Williams, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziad Butch Nia Dumas, and Nina Kravinsky We. get engineering support from Robert Rodriguez And. our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org.


That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America Company. What would you like the power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.