
I am Aisha Roscoe, and this is The Sunday Story from Upfirst. Every Sunday we do something special going beyond the news of the day to bring you one big story. Tomorrow Marks four years since the attack on the US Capitol. As Congress attempted to certify President Joe Biden's win in the 2020 election on January 6th, 2021, then President Donald Trump. Now President elect once again held a rally to dispute the election results and then thousands of people charged into the Capitol. Many were chanting Stop the steal, some broke windows and damaged property.


Others called for the hanging of public officials like then Vice President Mike Pence, and then Speaker of the House, Nancy Pelosi. When all was said and done, four people died. 140 law enforcement officers were wounded and there was nearly $3 million worth of damage. And the FBI soon opened what would become its biggest criminal investigation in history. And as the arrest began, something became clear. There were a lot of people with Military ties in the Capitol that day. It's a fact that continues to have a ripple effect for the Pentagon, especially now on the eve of another transfer of presidential power.


And as Trump continues to set up the cabinet for his second administration, Trump recently said that he might pardon some people who were convicted for crimes on January 6th, On his first day in office. Today on the show, we wanna dig into the continued legacy of January 6th, 2021. Does the military have a problem with political extremism in the ranks? And what does that mean with Trump? Returning as commander in chief NPR, R'S Pentagon correspondent Tom Bowman and producer Lauren Hodges have been asking themselves those questions. Late Last year, they released a new investigation with NPR s Embedded podcast called A Good Guy About an Active Duty Marine who participated in the Capitol Riot.


My conversation about extremism in the military with Tom and Lauren after the break,


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management and advice when you need it, You Can also invest on your own and trade on Think or swim. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more.


This message comes from Rinse. These days You Can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and trade stocks, but You can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with Rinse. Schedule a pickup with the Rinse app and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order at Rinse dot com. That's RINS e.com.


This message comes from ICF working with government and industry on projects that create positive change in communities nationwide. Whether it's powering energy innovation, advancing health outcomes, or leveraging technology and AI for mission success, ICF works with clients to tackle their most complex challenges. Head on ICFs. Data-driven solutions are designed to deliver results faster and help organizations move forward with confidence. Let's build a more resilient world. Visit icf.com.


We recorded this conversation before the two acts of violence involving trucks on New Year's Day, a pickup truck carrying an ISIS flag intentionally driven into a crowd of pedestrians in New Orleans, which killed more than a dozen people. And a Tesla cyber truck filled with fuel canisters and fireworks that erupted in front of a Trump hotel in Las Vegas. Injuring passersby, both suspects died as well. Since then, law enforcement has identified the two suspect as retired and active duty service members in the Army respectively and are investigating the motives for both attacks.


Tom and Lauren, welcome to the podcast. Thank you. Hey there. So, you know, I I, I have a lot of questions about this investigation and and about the military during the new Trump administration, the upcoming Trump administration. But you know, I wanna go back to January 6th, 2021. I think most of us watched the attack on the Capitol live on tv. I was in the dentist and, you know, started seeing reports that the barriers were being broken. And then after I got out of the dentist appointment, I realized, oh shoot, like this is, this is of another level. But you were both there. Like you were on the grounds. Yeah, I was at the capitol when that huge crowd that Trump sent over started to arrive and, you know, pressing in from all sides.


It was thousands of people. I watched them eventually break through police barriers and rush up the capitol steps. I asked one man in the crowd nearby, what do you wanna see happen If you get in The people in this house who stole this election from us, hanging from a Gallo out here in this lawn for the whole world to see. So it never happens again. That's what needs to happen. So there were clearly people committing violence or wanting to see violence and there were hundreds encouraging it, pushing it forward, who, while hundreds more, you know, they were just kinda watching this all take place.


So there were people of all sorts of motivations, and we should say not everyone destroyed property or was physically violent, but most of them had one thing in common. Naisha, they believed Donald Trump's lie that the election was stolen. And another thing that a couple hundred of them had in common was Military ties, both veteran and active duty. Wow. I mean, hearing that tape about hanging them from gallows, I think some of that seems to be kinda like memory white, like the, the violent rhetoric at that time, but then also that some of these people had Military ties. Tom, you've covered the military for decades.


You've been embedded with troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. Was it surprising to you to learn that some of these people like attacking the Capitol, were actually people in the military who were supposed to be protecting the us? You know, it really wasn't much of a surprise. I know that militias and far right groups like the Oath Keepers or Proud Boys, they often target veterans for recruitment in large part because of the military training. But again, not everyone there was part of those groups or, or committing violence earlier in the day. As I was walking through the crowds, I noticed there were a number of people with law enforcement or Military ties. I saw some flags with the marine insignia in a ball cap or a sweatshirt with the Marines, Eagle globe and Anchor emblem.


Yeah, I saw a lot of that too. And you know, afterwards, after this day, Tom and I started following the FBI's arrest announcements to see if there really were as many military folks out there that we remember seeing. And our colleagues at NPR started tracking it too. An NPR analysis found that of the 1500 arrested, some 200 had military experience that is roughly 13% about double what you would see with the general population. And we wanted to know more. So we reached out to Michael Jensen, he's a researcher at the University of Maryland, and he studies domestic terrorism. And he found that nearly every branch of the military was represented at the Capitol that day.


It is So shocking when somebody that's taken an oath to protect the country is doing something to harm it. So most of the people with Military ties that day were veterans. And one of them you may have heard of who Republican politicians have talked about a lot, and it's Ashley Babbitt. She was shot and killed by a capitol police officer as she lunged through a shattered window near the house floor. Babbit was an Air Force veteran, So some of these people were veterans. Right. But were there any active duty military members there on January 6th? Yeah, so according to Jensen, at least 24 of them were active duty across the various branches and the reserves.


And the branch with the biggest number of participants in relation to its size was the Marine Corps, The Marines. Do we know why they, they were so represented or overrepresented on January 6th? You know, it's hard to say. We asked a lot of people that question, you know, some Marines told us there's a sense the Marines tend to be pretty traditional, more physically aggressive, lean, more politically conservative than maybe some of the other branches S So you mentioned you talked to that researcher. What did he think about all this? The researcher Michael Jensen wasn't that surprised. He's been tracking instances of political violence in the military going back 35 years and to 1990.


In fact, there's been more than 700 documented cases. Stuff like starting physical altercations at protests, plotting violence against public figures. And those cases have been rising year after year, leading up to January 6th. And as for the Marines, the Marine Corps has the second most cases of former or current members who are extremists second only to the Army, which is the largest branch. This, despite the Marines being the smallest fighting force, And Jensen told us historically the Marines don't open very many investigations into these cases. So they have a disproportionately large problem with extremism, but they're doing the least amount of investigations In your podcast series A.


A Good Guy that you did with NPR is embedded. You look at the case of one active duty marine who was stationed at Quantico at the time, and I guess he, he was there on January 6th. Yep. His name is Joshua Bates, Sergeant Joshua Bates. He's a third generation Marine and really a high achieving one. And he was promoted to sergeant early. He has a navy commendation medal and he got an internship offer from the National Security Agency to do intelligence work. And on January 6th, 2021, he is 20 years old when he says a couple of other active duty marines at Quantico base invite him to the Stop the Steal rally And they see this crowd surging toward the capitol and decide to join it.


I asked Josh why. So you thought it was okay to be in the building? Well, yeah, 'cause we walked right in. We didn't see any signs that, you know, said, don't, do not enter no trespassing. And as soon as we walked through the, the door of the Capitol building, there were two police officers standing right across from the door. I figured if we weren't supposed to be there, they would've told us to get out. Of course, we know from being there that the scene wasn't as calm as Josh just described. No, not at all. So we combed through some security footage of Josh and his friends in the Capitol. They're in there for about an hour altogether, and they are definitely participating in some rowdy crowds. You can see them taking turns holding a don't tread on me flag.


Josh is chanting what looks like Stop the steal. And most notably, the three of them helped someone else put a MAGA hat on a statue of Martin Luther King Jr. In the Capitol Rotunda. And they take a picture of it. I I, you know, I kind of dunno what to say about that. I mean, because Martin Luther King very famously died from political violence. So that was a, you know, what, what a scene to partake in. But, but, but Josh and his friends, they're actually active duty marines, so they take an oath to defend the constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. How would you characterize what they were doing at the Capitol that day?


Like, like how does this factor into the idea of political extremism? Is, is Josh and what he was doing extremist activity? You know, it's really hard question to answer. We spoke with Josh for hours on two occasions and he cops up to the statue thing, but really downplays or even sometimes denies everything else he did that day. And we asked him that same question, how do you see yourself? Were you a protestor or an extremist? I would say the line that that crosses you from just peaceful protestor, kind of just looking around, walking around and extremist is insinuating violence being associated with one of the extremist groups.


Once you compromise your integrity far enough to, to hurt someone or hurt, you know, the, the history behind the building, I think that's kind of what, what draws that line? So it seems like this guy is trying to carve out this neat little box for himself as a peaceful protester. It felt like that's why he wanted to talk to us that day. And, you know, maybe that's true. After all, he wasn't beating up cops or breaking off table legs like some of the other people who were there. The main issue for Josh here is that what he told us did not match what we saw on the cameras. And we were wondering even if he didn't directly hit anyone or break something, did he still engage in extremist activity?


After all, this whole day was an act of violence. And that question is what a lot of other people were wrestling with too. People all the way up to the highest levels of the Pentagon. We'll find out more about that after the break.


This message comes from mattress firm. Sleep is personal and the right mattress makes all the difference. That's why mattress firms sleep experts help match you with the perfect bed from a premium selection of mattresses. Plus, with their 120 night sleep trial, You can rest easy knowing you've made the right choice, love it, or your money back. Get matched at mattress firm's. Upgrade your sleep sale and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


This message comes from The Nature Conservancy, working together to create a future with a livable climate, healthy communities, and thriving nature. Explore ways to act during Earth month and every month at nature.org/npr.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Mint Mobile. Mint Mobile. And their premium wireless plans started just 15 bucks a month. Say goodbye to overpriced wireless plans. Get three months of premium wireless from Mint Mobile for 15 bucks a month. Shop data plans at Mint Mobile dot com slash npr. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


We're back with The Sunday Story. So Tom and Lauren, you've been looking at political extremism in the military since January 6th. You, you're seeing all these announcements of arrest and, and there were, you know, people with Military ties among the people being arrested. I would imagine that military leadership is also seeing this in the news. What is their response or, or what are they thinking, seeing some of the people in their ranks being arrested? Well, you know, it didn't take long at all for the military to recognize a potential problem in the ranks. President Biden's pick for defense Secretary Lloyd Austin was sworn in just a couple of weeks after January 6th.


Yeah, let's let us play you an excerpt from our two-part podcast series. A Good Guy about what happened next. It really helps color it all in at Austin's confirmation hearing. He didn't mention the assault on the capitol directly, but he said he was really concerned about internal threats. The job of the Department of Defense is to keep America safe from our enemies, but we can't do that if some of those enemies lie within our own ranks. And one of the first things he did was to remind everyone in uniform about their oath. So Austin came up with a plan. It started with something called a stand down. And a stand down in military speak is, okay, we're gonna stop what we're doing and we're just gonna have a training day to remind service members about what they can't do.


While on active duty dissident activities, overtly political activities, extremist activities, the reactions coming outta these training sessions and from senior officials, they were kind of mixed. What we were hearing on the ground from units was that a lot of, there was just a lot of confusion. Many service members didn't understand what extremism even means. Well, you know, well what is extremism? My extremism may not be your extremism. That's Bishop Garrison, a West Point grad, an Iraq army vet and a lawyer. Austin tapped him to answer this huge question for the military, how do you define extremism? I'd love to actually get your personal opinion or definition of extremism.


You, you may, and all of the joint chiefs would love to have a clean definition of it. And the problem is, the definition is it depends. It's one of those things where you kind of know it. When you see it. Garrison quickly became the guy that the defense secretary was counting on to figure out just how big of a problem extremism in the ranks really is. Garrison worked a really long time to come up with a definition and as complicated as the work was, it ultimately led him to a pretty simple two-part test. It almost has to be like a rubric. You can't make for every instance of what may or may not be extreme activity. It really depends on the situation and the individual.


One, does the person advocate for extremist ideology? It couldn't just be that you went and and read a thing because you could be historian. You're reading Mein cough because you wanna know more about World War II and Hitler Two, did they act upon that ideology? You have an activity that may not in and of itself be prohibited or be criminal, but it leans in that direction. It gives the commander an opportunity to say, wait, wait, wait, what is this about? So this isn't about your political views, it's all about your actions. It's inciting violence, it's taking part in violence, Unlawful stuff, discriminatory stuff, Raising money for groups that are anti-immigrant, racist, misogynist.


We're not here to be thought police in any way, shape or form. And Garrison thought, all right, we nailed this Extremist activity, active participation, two things go together. So we wanted to know, based on the definition he was working on, whether Josh's actions in the capitol qualified as extremist activity. He was up in the crowd chanting the police were pushing him back and he was refusing to move. Well those last two things you mentioned would both be activities. Yeah. That that is something that is prohibited. I would even argue it's always been prohibited. Garrison's goal was to give Secretary Austin a report with recommendations on countering extremism in the ranks. He knew from the beginning that anything related to extremism could get politicized real quick.


And the trouble actually began before he even got to put out his report. Back when Garrison was hired to do this work, he was given a title, Senior Advisor to the Secretary of Defense for Human Capital and Diversity, equity and Inclusion, Also known as DEI. And that title was typed out in a memo, a memo which the Pentagon released in the spring of 2021. It's standard stuff, three pages long, announcing that Garrison was forming this team to counter extremism in the ranks. Then May 6th, I'll never forget the day His phone started lighting up, he's becoming a target of attacks by the right wing. We uncovered the ideological veteran chief for the United States military.


And that's Bishop Garrison. Suddenly his name was Oliver Fox News, the daily caller Steve Bannon's podcast. So who is the Pentagon's newly minted MAGA purge man. Just spend five minutes Googling Bishop Garrison. This is an extremist Black Lives Matter sympathizer type guy. They're calling him the Pentagon's Hatchet Man. A man who believes all, all Trump supporters are racist and extremists because His job is to purge patriots from the ranks. They're using January 6th as the ultimate justification. He's a lunatic. Pay attention to this guy. Keep your head on a swivel. I don't think he's up to any good In Garrison. He starts getting these messages on social media And that included everything from threats against my career, my livelihood to threats of personal violence.


And he was really worried about his wife and baby back home. My wife truly was afraid of like, someone is going to show up on our, our doorstep with a long gun Garrison. You know, he started to feel pretty alone. That's because he says the military was shrugging off these attacks against him As one very senior official relayed to me, you know, these types of things are like quicksand. You say like, he's A Good Guy. Next question. And that will go away because If you fight against it, fight against it, you're gonna get pulled more into it. I think not pushing back harder and not fighting for it, just let it breathe more and let it breathe longer.


And that's what we are even I think to some degree today, still seeing the remnants of that. So, so Bishop Garrison, he comes up with this definition of political extremism, but he starts getting attacked by the right, you know, called, you know, a critical race theorist and all this stuff, which, you know, definitely he, he was at the center of this kind of firestorm. What happened to the report that he was supposed to file to Secretary Austin and to his recommendations? Like what did the military do with that report?


Well, Bishop Garrison's report had all kinds of recommendations like conducting an insider threat study, developing trainings. Garrison also emphasized in his report that the military really needed to track cases of political extremism. But Aisha, those recommendations sat on a shelf for a really long time. It took a really long time for anybody to talk with us about this too. And believe me, we tried, eventually I got to sit down with the top marine officer General Eric Smith. He told me he doesn't think the Corps has a problem with extremism either. This is something I've heard over and over across a military that they don't believe there's an extremism problem in the ranks.


But to this day they've never collected data to back that up. So it's really hard to say. Yeah, well the researcher Michael Jensen we talked to would disagree that they don't have a problem. And when we talked to Bishop Garrison, he was really disappointed that the department didn't really take his work as seriously as he wanted them to. My Biggest fear is that it's going to take some type of a major massive incident in which people get hurt, if not worse, for the department to actually stop and take action on this. But even still, the military has taken some measures. Mostly just this past year, the Army and the Navy posted new guidelines about participating in political rallies or fundraising for extremist groups.


You know, even, you know, liking extremist posts on social media. So they did put out, you know, some guidelines And the Marines outlined some new reporting instructions, how people can tell the military that something's going on. If a marine suspects a fellow marine of extremist activity, they have to report it within one to three days to a senior officer And that might trigger an investigation. And they're also beginning the process of gathering data to determine how prevalent extremism really is. Why did it take so long for the military to address political extremism? Right. Well, to answer that question, I wanna go back to Joshua Bates story for a sec.


'cause it offers a big clue. Josh, of course is the marine sergeant whose case we followed, and the one who wound up in the rotunda putting that MAGA hat on the statue of MLK. So the FBI eventually arrested Josh almost two years later, connecting him to some social media posts that one of his friends had made, one of the two guys that he was with in the capitol and in court, Josh gets off with a slap on the wrist, just a couple hundred hours of community service. And his military record clearly helped him out. The judge was especially impressed by character letters that describe Josh as an exceptional marine. Right. And then after his criminal sentencing, Josh faces a retention hearing in the Marine Corps, which is sort of like military hr.


It's a panel of other Marines randomly drawn, and they decide whether to keep him in the Corps or to discharge him. And if they kick him out, they then have to decide if the discharge will be honorable or other than honorable. And that's second one is a huge red mark. No one wants that on their record. And you know, there's a moment in that hearing that just completely shocked us. Is your portrayal of the events of January 6th positive negative, or are you indifferent about it? So at the beginning of the hearing, Josh's civilian lawyer asked all three of the Marines deciding this case. How do you feel about January 6th? One panelist said he had a negative perception of what transpired, but here's what the other two had to say.


Said I wasn't there. I, I can't say I know exactly what happened there, so I'm on indifferent about what happened that day. Depending on what news source you look at, you get a different narrative at this point. I, to be honest, tired of hearing about it three years later. I mean, it, it sounds kind of like a microcosm of, of, you know, the, the US population at this point. But you have two of these three panelists who were deciding Sergeant Joshua Bates' future in the Marine Corps. They're pretty indifferent to January 6th. So I mean ultimately, what did the panel decide?


Well, they voted to keep him in the Marine Corps, as you said, it seems like the perception of January 6th at the time of this hearing, which is almost three years later, had gotten much more lukewarm. But that's not the end for Josh. The secretary of the Navy, who also oversees the Marine Corps has to either endorse the panel's decision to keep Josh or he can decide to kick Josh out. But it's been more than a year since the retention hearing. And as far as we know, the secretary still hasn't made a decision and a new secretary will take over when Trump enters office in a couple of weeks. Trump's nominated John Phelan, a businessman with no military experience for that job.


And the decision about whether to keep Josh might just fall to him. So for now, Josh, he's kind of in marine purgatory doing some standard office work while he awaits his fate, that internship offer from the N S A, of course, that got scrapped and he's the only one of his friends left, even though the marine panels decided to keep those two other marines, he was in the capitol with a top general, didn't agree. He later kicked out one of them for his actions. The other one he just ran out as enlistment. So basically the clock ran out on his time in the military. Like is that what you expect to happen with Josh, that he'll eventually just get discharged? Well, we'll have to see Josh declined further interviews with us.


Yeah, this was after we told his lawyer that we'd found footage of Josh in the capitol and it didn't match his story. So he was done chatting with us. Trump said throughout his campaign that he'd be open to pardoning people convicted of crimes for January 6th if they're quote unquote innocent. In fact, many of the people convicted of January 6th related crimes celebrated from the DC jail cell they call the Patriot's Wing after the election results were announced. Now that Trump's been elected to a second term, it's possible that Josh's criminal sentence, as late as it already is, could be totally wiped away. And as far as his military career, it's possible that he gets to stay in the Marine Corps.


Trump has had complicated, often controversial feelings about the military and veterans from my reporting. One thing that becomes really clear is that Trump doesn't see the military service members as apolitical and they're supposed to be apolitical. He sees them as tools to serve the president. Loyalists since the election, Trump has been stacking his cabinet with those loyalists people who are highly sympathetic to him and his supporters. Some of them, you know, they're unexpected, like Pete Hegseth, Fox News host and veteran who Trump tapped as defense secretary. You actually heard Heg Seth's voice in the montage of attacks against Bishop Garrison earlier.


He's the one who called Garrison the Magar purge man. So if Hegseth becomes the next defense secretary, he said he's gonna eliminate DEI programs like the one Bishop Garrison was part of, and maybe get rid of these anti extremist efforts as well. But we'll have to see if Hegseth and Trump's other nominations survive a confirmation hearing with Republicans control in both the House and Senate, they very well might. Yeah. And if that's the case, it's really unclear how the military's efforts to root out extremism are gonna fare. Like we mentioned earlier in the years since January 6th, military officials came up with a strong definition of extremism and what actions are prohibited.


And just this year they said, we're gonna start collecting data on such incidents. This might all go away under Trump. Hegseth has made clear in his public statements that his focus will be on undoing some of the changes the military has made in recent years. We're also left wondering if the military missed its chance to hold people accountable for what happened that day. These are things that Lauren and I will be keeping an eye on over the next months and years of the Trump administration. So I, I mean, it sounds like if the military does have an extremism problem, we may not know officially, at least not in the next four years.


You know, tomorrow is January 6th and Congress will once again gather to certify the votes. Like what can we expect this time four years after that other fateful day? What can we expect for the peaceful transfer of power? Well, from everything I'm hearing, the certification of the 2024 election happening tomorrow will be very safe. It's now considered a national security event. The current director of Homeland Security has said it will have Super Bowl level security, But that probably won't be necessary because it was supporters who stormed the capitol during the last certification when the election didn't go their way this time.


It did. Lauren and Tom, thank you so much for sharing your reporting today, especially about an event that now there's so many different accounts and and views on it, but you were there personally and so you saw it for yourself. Right. Well, thank you for having us. Thank you. You can hear more of this story, including lots of details in the case of Marine Sergeant Joshua Abate and interviews with military officials in Tom and Lauren series. A Good Guy find it in the embedded podcast. Feed embedded is NPRs home for ambitious long form documentary series.


I also wanted to recommend a special episode by our friends at NH P'S document podcast. It follows a capitol police officer as she deals with the aftermath of January 6th, 2021, a day that still lives in her brain and in her body. Civil Dispute calls, you know, just people not getting along with each other, neighbors not getting along with each other, and just that confrontation of them fighting and yelling at each other. That just brings the flashbacks of this guy yelling at me. We want those traitors And that just kind of, those emotions and, And that confrontation of people.


And you know, those, those heated arguments are, are what kind of bring back those images for me From the document team at New Hampshire Public Radio, A story of survival and resilience in the wake of January 6th. The episode is called Amelia's Thing, and You can find it by searching NHPR document wherever you get your podcast. This episode was produced by Adelina Lancia knees and Andrew Mamba. It was edited by Leanna Strom and Irene Nucci with help from Louise Res and Andrew Sussman. The rest of The Sunday Story team includes Justine Yan and Jenny Schmidt.


Fact checking by Will Chase, engineering by Quai Lee and Gilly Moon, I'm aye, Rosco. And this is a Sunday story from Upfirst. We'll be back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes car selling easy. Just put in your license plate or VIN and get a real offer in seconds. Whether selling now or whenever feels right, sell with Carvana.


This message comes from Synchrony Bank who wants to inspire you to keep dreaming. Not the elevator plummeting, being chased by something, waking up in a cold sweat kind of dreaming. They're talking about the goal setting, retirement planning, sail off into the sunset, kind of dreaming the ones that start with saving smart. Open an account with a great rate in five minutes or less in the Synchrony Bank app and Dream on. Go to synchrony.com/npr member FDIC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor one Password, secure access to your online world. From emails to banking so You can protect what matters most with one password. For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/ NPR.