
Thousands of firefighters have come to Los Angeles to help slow the spread of the two biggest Wildfires As the wind is expected to pick up again. Officials are asking residents to work with them, Follow all evacuation warnings and orders without Delay. I'm Steve Inskeep with a Martinez, and this is Upfirst from NPR. News. Negotiations are underway to end the war in Gaza before President-elect Trump takes office next week. I think there's a certain fear of the unknown in terms of what the new administration will do and will say What are the odds of success? And we spoke with President Biden's Homeland Security Secretary as he prepares to leave office. I don't think we prevailed in communicating to the American people successfully the challenges of migration.


Stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect my public media.org.


Public media counts on your support to ensure that the reporting and programs you depend on thrive. Make a recurring donation today to get special access to more than 20 NPR podcasts. Perks like sponsor free listening, bonus episodes, early access, and more. So start supporting what you love today@plus.npr.org.


Over 70% of us say that we feel spiritual, but that doesn't mean we're going to church. Nope. The girls are doing reiki. The bros are doing psychedelics and a whole lot of us are turning inward to manifest our best selves on. It's been a minute from NPR. I'm looking at why maybe you and your closest friends are buying into wellness for spirituality. That's on the, it's been a minute podcast from NPR.


California's governor is looking to rebuild the parts of Metro Los Angeles swept away by wildfire. Gavin Newsom says he wants to restore neighborhoods as quickly as possible and for people restoring their homes, he will use his power to wave. California's famously challenging environmental reviews first, though the Fires have to burn out and they have killed an estimated 24 people so far as we know. We're joined now by NPRs Adrian Florido in Los Angeles. Adrian Firefighters made some progress containing these Fires over the weekend. How are things looking now? Well, things are looking better. Firefighters are gradually containing the Eaton fire in Northeast LA and the Palisades fire on the west side.


Each of those Fires destroyed thousands of homes. As you said, they are now burning mostly in the unpopulated hills, but they are still spreading. There were new evacuation orders over the weekend in neighborhoods that the Fires were approaching. The big concern now is that winds are, as you said about to pick up again, there could be gusts as high as 70 miles per hour in some areas. This is LA County Fire Chief Anthony Maroney. These winds combined with low humidities and low fuel moistures will keep the fire threat in all of Los Angeles County. Very high. LA City Fire chief Kristin Crowley pleaded with residents to stay alert and to stay informed, Follow all evacuation warnings and orders.


And the key here is without delay The national weather surface A has warned that critical fire weather conditions will last through Wednesday. Okay, now You know, last week we heard a lot about how there aren't enough firefighters or other resources to get these Fires under control. So do officials now have what they need? Well, they're now saying that they are staffed and equipped to handle this. Thousands of firefighters have come in from other states, from Mexico and from Canada and are working the fire lines. The governor of California called up a thousand to more National Guard troops to help dozens of planes and choppers have been dropping water and flame retardant pretty much around the clock. Of course, as we saw last week, a wind and the embers that it carries are what really bring a lot of uncertainty.


Now, As far as the communities that have been hit the hardest, that specific Palisades and Altadena, what's going on there? Well, People there are just starting to take stock of all that they've lost and what comes next for them. For the most part, these communities are still off limits even to residents because investigators are going through with cadaver dogs to search for possible victims. LA County is also saying that before debris cleanup can start in these communities, either by county crews or homeowners themselves, that hazmat teams are going to have to go through parcel by parcel to remove toxic waste. At a community meeting yesterday in Altadena LA's Public Works director, mark past said county officials are already hearing from people asking when they can get in and start rebuilding, but he said it's it's way too soon.


He did promise that officials are working to streamline the cleanup process and also the construction permitting process that's gonna be ahead for a lot of people. We intend to make this as fast as possible to rebuild your homes. In the meantime, a people are scrambling to find temporary housing and also to figure out whether they're recovered by their insurance policies. Now, Adrian, my son and granddaughters had to evacuate to my house even though they're not from an area that has burned and and they're not going back anytime sooner, I'd imagine. But have any people have been allowed to return? Well, a lot of people in the areas that were under mandatory evacuation orders have not gone back. And the county fire chief said that the conversation about when they will be allowed to return won't start before Thursday.


Officials want to be sure that those evacuated communities are no longer at risk of catching fire because these Fires are still burning not too far away. Those Santa Ana winds are still blowing also, and Los Angeles is still in an active emergency. All right. That's NPR r's. Adrian Floridita. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Ay, This is a crucial week in negotiations between Israel and Hamas. Diplomats and officials from the US Israel and Hamas are all in Qatar, not all sitting in the same room but close by. After 15 months of war, they're trying to be creative in getting some kind of agreement.


The goal is to end the fighting and secure the release of Israeli hostages before President-elect Trump takes office on January 20th. NPRs Daniel Estrin is on the line from Tel Aviv. So Daniel, we mentioned people are trying to get creative here. How so? Well, both the Biden administration and the incoming Trump administration are working together on this, which is unusual. And they both want the same thing. They want some kind of agreement. Before President Biden leaves office yesterday, Biden told Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netan, there is a an immediate need for a deal. And we've heard Trump many times say if the hostages are not released by his inauguration, there will be quote hell to pay. Biden's outgoing ambassador to Israel.


Jackal. Lou told me that Trump is driving the momentum here. I think there's a certain fear of the unknown in terms of what the new administration will do and will say, and there's no daylight between, you know, the incoming administration, the outgoing administration in terms of wanting a hostage deal now and pressing all parties to make the concessions that are appropriate to reach that. I spoke with an official with knowledge of the ongoing talks who's not authorized to speak publicly, but who said Trump's team has told Israel that by the inauguration they want either a deal or a declaration of principles, which would be some kind of document that would, you know, lock the sides into a commitment toward a deal.


What would those principles be? We do know the basic framework of the deal. A Hamas would release around 33 Israeli hostages. A Palestinian official tells NPR this morning that Israel is discussing the release of more than a thousand Palestinian detainees, including 22 people serving life sentences in connection with deadly attacks on Israelis. And those prisoners would be presumably exiled to Turkey, Qatar, or Egypt. And during all of this, there would be a six week pause in fighting. There would be a surge of aid to Gaza and more talks about the other hostages and trying to end the War. Daniel, there, there have been talks before, so what are the chances of this one actually succeeding?


There is a lot of pressure on all the parties now to move forward. Qatar in Egypt, the two Arab mediators want good relations with Trump and so they're putting a lot of pressure on Hamas. A Hamas official not authorized to speak to the media told us that Hamas is trying to show flexibility And that it's proposed several different ways to try to resolve the points of contention. As for Israel, there's a key ally of Prime Minister Netanyahu, the finance minister who is staunchly opposed to the deal as it's coming out now. But Israel does have motivation to cooperate with Trump on this. Israel wants his help with a couple of big things. It wants Trump's help to pursue diplomatic relations with Saudi Arabia and it also wants Trump to potentially support an attack on Iran's nuclear program.


So you do see that the talks have reached a crucial phase. Now, Israel's top security chiefs have traveled to Qatar this weekend to participate and the president of the Red Cross has come to the region. The Red Cross was the group that facilitated the last hostage prisoner exchange. That's NPRs Daniel Estrin in Tel Aviv. Daniel, thank you. You're Welcome. President Biden's Homeland Security secretary is reflecting on four contentious years in office. Yeah, Alejandro Mayorkas oversaw border security and immigration. Big issues in president-elect Trump's victory in November.


I don't think we prevailed in communicating to the American people successfully the challenges of migration at an historic level since World War ii. Myorca said that here in Studio 31 during an exit interview and You spoke to him, Steve. So how did he defend his work on the southern border? Well, He argued the administration's record is stronger than they managed to get across before the election. And it is true a, that a key number that the border patrol uses is way down encounters with people at the border, which is a way to try to get an idea of whether things are going up or down. There was a it's way down. There was of course though a huge surge in asylum seekers back in 2023.


So it's down from that high level. America says the US is also sending away asylum seekers who do not have a strong claim to stay here. How many people have you deported, say in the last year? I believe the number is well over 250,000. A very significant number. Is that higher than it would've been a few years ago then? Yes, it is. And we have built that capacity and we haveve built those processes. It's worth noting here that while Republicans criticized the administration for not doing anything, immigrant rights groups sometimes said the administration was being too harsh and Mayorca is a former prosecutor. He is effectively saying here, the Biden administration ultimately has delivered the border security that Republicans ran on And now a Republican administration's about to take over.


How is he viewing them? Well, he knows that Republicans plan to pass a border security bill, which they refuse to do last year. He knows that Republicans plan a lot more than border security. They plan mass deportations, although let's talk about where we are now. He says the US already deported a quarter million people in the past year. He says, If you expand that number, you're gonna need a lot more resources and you may also face some moral questions. And what are those moral questions? Well, there are a lot of painful scenarios in sending people away and some of them involve mixed status families, US citizens in a household with people here illegally like parents who had children in the United States, for example. Now I Do remember President elect Trump talked about them before.


Yeah, he did the other day on NBC. He said he doesn't wanna break up the family, so he wants to send them all back to whatever country. Mayor has talked us through the brutal realities of that law. Biden, he says, tried to keep mixed status families together inside the United States. Republicans sued courts, threw that out. So if you're going to keep the family together, the remaining option is to make everybody leave. Even US citizens. Let's listen. They would be accompanying deported relatives, sometimes the very relatives upon whom they rely to live. Would they have any legal defense against that situation?


They would not. Presumably the removal, the deportation of the individuals would be pursuant to law. That's a very difficult choice. And some would posit in some ways an inhumane choice to compel. He says it's not something the Biden administration wanted to do, but that a new president has said. He is determined to try. And I find it useful at this moment. A, just to kind of get a baseline on where we start here, because the Biden administration did ramp up deportations, did ramp up border security at the very end. And so that's the point at which the Trump administration begins promising massive changes.


I wonder if he felt like he's accomplished everything he wanted to to do. He did not say that he did. I think that he sees this as a continuing process and he did everything that he could. All right, Steve, thanks. Glad to do it. And that's a first for Monday, January 13th. I mean Martinez. And I'm Steve Inskeep. You know, we at upfirst give you three big stories of the day like we just did. Our colleagues at consider this. Take a different approach diving into a single story and what it means to you. Also in just 12, 15 minutes, listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcast. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Gigi Dubon, Jerome Koski, Adriana Gudo, Lisa Thompson and Alice Wolins.


Produced by Nia Demas and Iman Ani, we get engineering support from Arthur Lauren and our technical director Is Zach Coleman joining again tomorrow? Okay.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel. It is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO ready, Shopify is the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Once you've reached your audience, Shopify has the Internet's best converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers. Go to shopify.com/npr to take your business to the next level today.