
Stocks are down, unemployment is up. He is the head of the Federal Reserve. Certain he's steering the economy in the right direction. Certainty is not a word that we have in our business. Well, okay then. I'm Scott Simon. I'm a Rosco. And this is Up First from NPR News. The economy had been headed for a soft landing from the shock, and many aftershocks of the pandemic will go behind the numbers. A blast in Tehran kills a Hamas leader and protests in Beirut. The president and vice president of the phone to Israel's Prime Minister have all the ladies from the Middle East. And a plea agreement with nine 11 defendants is now off the table.


Why? The Defense Secretary says no deal. stay with us. We have the news. You need to start your weekend


Support for NPR and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions so you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Better help when your schedule is packed with kids activities or big work projects and you feel like you have no time for yourself. Self-care, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. If you are thinking of starting therapy, give better help a try and get 10% off your first month at Better Help HE p.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor WhatsApp. Texting between two different kinds of phones can sometimes make communication difficult, but with WhatsApp, everyone can enjoy messaging with the added protection of end-to-end encryption. Streamline your messages across all devices on WhatsApp message privately with everyone.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Capital One Capital. One offers checking accounts with no fees or minimums and no overdraft fees. That's banking reimagined. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. Seek Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDIC


Support for this NPR podcast and the following message come from Carvana, the convenient way to buy a car online. Carvana has finance options so you can customize your terms down to the penny or explore different down and monthly payment options. Get pre-qualified for an auto loan in under two minutes@carvana.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor sattva. This year many Americans will make a decision that will affect them for years to come. The decision which mattress to choose. Sattva luxury mattresses are meticulously handcrafted to lull you to sleep and to keep you sleeping soundly. And they cost a fraction of the price of retail. Visit s aa tva.com/ NPR to save $200 on orders of a thousand dollars or more.


Do you want in on a secret like why bro culture is making a comeback or why a makeup fad is suddenly sweeping your feed on the It's been a minute podcast. We know these things don't happen by accident. So join me as we go beyond the trends and find out the why. Follow the It's been a minute podcast from NPR.


The inflation news has all been very positive and we have a job market that is about the strongest that we've seen in 50 years. That's what Treasury secretary Janet Yellen told us on weekend edition just a week ago today. So what's changed? For one, an employment report that came in weaker than expected yesterday, sending the Dow down more than 600 points. Investors wonder if the economy is headed for a recession. And if the Federal Reserve was Janet Yellen chaired before she became treasury secretary isn't acting quickly enough to avert it. Add to that is slipped by the tech heavy NASDAQ Index into what's called correction territory, meaning it's fallen 10% from its recent high at all means we need to talk with NPR chief economics correspondent, Scott Horsley.


Scott, thanks for being with us. Good morning, Scott. What got to the market about the jobs report? You know, even before the jobs report yesterday, there were signs of some cracks in the labor market. On Thursday, we learned that new applications for unemployment benefits had jumped to the highest level in a year. That sparked its own mini sell off in the market. And then the route really accelerated Friday after the Labor Department said employers added just 114,000 jobs last month. Far fewer than forecasters had expected. What's more, the unemployment rate jumped to 4.3% in July. That's almost a full point higher than it was a year ago. And the worry is when unemployment rises that much, it generally doesn't level off right away.


It tends to keep climbing. There's kind of a negative feedback loop where people lose jobs so they have less money to spend and businesses don't sell as much, so they lay off even more people. That's what markets are spooked about. And there's a concern the Federal Reserve may have missed an opportunity to interrupt that downward spiral. Well, and as you know, of course, they met just recently and more remarkable than what they did do for some people was what they didn't do. Yeah. What they didn't do was cut interest rates. Instead, they left their benchmark rate at the highest level in more than two decades where it's been for the full year. Now, those high interest rates have helped in bringing down inflation, but they've also been a drag on some important parts of the economy, especially in manufacturing and the housing market.


Now, fed Chairman Jerome Powell signaled Wednesday that the Fed might be ready to cut interest rates at their next meeting in September. Bloomberg's Mike McKee asked Powell if he's worried about waiting too long, Are you certain that you won't fall behind the curve and lead to unnecessary unemployment if you wait until September? Certainty is not a word that we have in our business Now. Investors were already expecting the Fed to cut rates by a quarter percentage point in September. After this week, jobs report on Friday, they're betting a more aggressive half point rate cut could be in the works. Quincy Crosby, who's chief global strategist at LPL Financials says even that might not be enough.


The market is concerned that it may be too little too late If the job market weakens further. There's gonna be a lot of second guessing about the Fed's timing. Just as the central bank was slow to raise interest rates three years ago when prices started climbing, critics will say it was too slow to cut rates when it had a chance to prevent a broader economic downturn. And Scott, does this explain the nasdaq, because tech stocks took a particular beating this week, didn't they? Yeah, Intel, the big chip maker, had a terrible week. It reported disappointing earnings and said it's laying off about 15% of its workforce. Its stock lost more than a quarter of its value that also dragged down some other semiconductor companies. And there's also been some newfound skepticism about artificial intelligence.


You know, in recent months, excitement over AI has been pushing stocks to record highs. Crosby says some investors are starting to wonder if all the money that's been pumped into those stocks will in fact pay off. The question is now, are they just spending too much and not able to integrate the features quickly enough in order to monetize it? Even the mighty Amazon. So its stock dropped nearly 9% Friday. The E-Commerce giant is spending tens of billions of dollars this year to build up its cloud computing and AI businesses. That is expected to cut into Amazon's profits though. And on a day when many people were in a foul mood anyway, it didn't take much for them to dump the stock. Mm. And pure Scott Wesley, thanks so much.


You're welcome. Next up today the Middle East The U us is sending more warships to respond to an expected attack on Israel by Iran and its allies That's following Israel's killing of several top militant Palestinian and Lebanese leaders and bureaus. Jane Araf joins us now from Beirut. Jane, thanks for being with us. Thank you, Scott. What is the latest? Well, Israel's continuing those attacks on militant commanders. The Palestinian News Agency says in Israeli airstrike this morning actually killed a Hamas commander in the Israeli occupied West Bank.


And as you know Scott, in the past week, Israel has set killed several top commanders of Hamas, Lebanese, Hezbollah, and Islamic Shahad, including in an airstrike here in the Lebanese capitol. Israel hasn't taken responsibility, but it's believed to be behind the killing of a top Hamas political official while he was visiting Iran. Iran and its allies are expected to retaliate and it has dramatically increased fears of a wider conflict breaking out as evidence of that The U. US Defense Department is sending more warships and more planes to the region and Israel and Lebanon are bracing for the expected retaliation.


Here's US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin regarding The U US military response. If Israel is attacked, we certainly will help defend Israel. You see, you saw us do that in April. You can expect to see us do that again, but we, we don't wanna see any of that happen. The reference to April is when Iran fired hundreds of missiles and attacked drones at Israel in retaliation for an airstrike that killed a top Iranian commander in Syria. The Hamas leader killed in Iran, was buried in TER yesterday and gather morning in several cities. Could you tell us about that please? It wasn't elaborate funeral for Ismail Hania whose body was brought back from Iran.


He'd been a guest of Iran. He was there for the inauguration of the new president. So the killing was particularly provocative. Israel hasn't claimed responsibility, but it's widely believed to have been behind the attack. And Scott, it's had a particular impact because Hania wasn't a military commander. He was head of the Hamas political bureau in Qatar and involved in US brokered ceasefire negotiations with Israel over the Warren in Gaza, Jordan's foreign minister I'm in Osdi said this week that after he's killing Israel, had now become a rogue state. He was the one who was negotiating the exchange deal.


So how on earth is a country that wants to conclude a deal kills the main interlocutor in those negotiations? Let's keep in mind that Jordan is one of only two Arab countries with a peace agreement with Israel. SDI said the killing was an attempt by Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu to torpedo the ceasefire talks. There are lots of diplomatic efforts still going on. The U us doesn't speak to Iran directly, but Sy for instance this week spoke with both The U, US Secretary of State, and the Iranian foreign Minister to try to deescalate tensions. What's the scene been like in Iran? Well, Iran held a huge memorial for him before transferring his body to Qatar.


And here in Beirut, Palestinians factions held a symbolic funeral. Fighters carried two coffins representing Heni ANDA's bodyguard draped in Palestinian flags. A speaker said Hania could rest now and others would carry on his work. Almost every Palestinian faction was represented, including a lot of young people, most of them grandchildren of people expelled from their homes decades ago. And what was striking Scott was their absolute faith that someday they will go home again. And I gather Israel detained the preacher of important mosque in Jerusalem for incitement.


What do we know about that? Yeah, it was El Mosque, one of the holiest places in Islam. Israeli security forces took Shah RAs away for questioning after he delivered a eulogy for Hennia. He was detained for several hours and then temporarily banned from the mosque. And where were we at the moment? Well, under high alert, certainly regarding Israel, most airlines have stopped flights in and out and Lebanon. A bit of a bubble here in Beirut. But the country is clearly bracing for attacks and us and other embassies are worried. And because Jane Araf and Beirut, thanks so much. Thank you Scott.


And we'll end today on the head spinning week at The U US Military Court in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Three days ago, the Pentagon announced it had reached a plea agreement with 3 9 11 defendants including the alleged mastermind of the attacks, Khalid Sheik Muhammad. It would've mostly resolved the prosecution after two decades of legal quagmire. But last night, defense secretary Lloyd Austin took the deal off the table and Sasha Pfeiffer has been covering Guantanamo and joins us now. Sasha, thanks so much for being with us. You're welcome. Good morning, Scott. A little more detail please on events of the week. Yes. And first I wanna note, many people are always shocked to hear that Guantanamo is still open.


It was set up after the So-called War on Terror after the September 11th attacks. There are still prisoners there, still active cases. One of them is the September 11th nine 11 case. 20 years later, still ongoing this week was an earthquake at Guantanamo for those who cover it because on Wednesday it was announced that three of the nine 11 defendants, including the big guy Khalid Sheikh Muhammad, were going to plead guilty and exchange for in Ks M's case a life sentence. It's presumed the other two would also get a life sentence in return, the death penalty would come off the table and they would no longer go to trial. Which by the way, it's looked increasingly un unlikely that there will ever be a trial. And this was, you know, this was great news to people who felt that it had been really bogged down for years and was finally ending.


There were some strong feelings about it though, weren't there Very much. Now again, some people who realize how intractable the case has become, felt like finally it's resolved. But people were very upset. Some nine 11 family members felt like they wanted to see these men put to death. They feel like a trial might bring out some secrets. About nine 11, we don't already know. Some congressional members pushed back and then all of a sudden last night, shocking thing happened. Secretary of Defense, Lloyd Austin, puts out a short memo saying, I am withdrawing from the plea agreements. I'm also removing the person in charge of the military court who oversees nine 11 in the case, just in the nine 11 case and and basically undid the deal.


Isn't the military court part of the Defense Department that Lloyd Austin heads? Yes. And this is what's so puzzling it. The court is this complicated thing that's overseen by someone called the Convening Authority, who in theory statutorily has independence, does not need the Secretary of Defense's approval to make plea deals. Yet Austin reversed it. He basically said, it's so significant a decision that I alone should make it so I'm going to step in and reverse it. We also were told that the Biden White House had not known about this till Wednesday. So this huge, huge pushback coming from all quarters seems to have pressured Austin into reversing the deal.


And what kind of reaction has there been? Huge. I wanna play for you, Brett Eagleson, who was 15 years old when his father died in the World Trade Center collapse. Brett opposes the deals and here's what he said about the plea agreements. We all deserve our day in court and to do a plea deal. It feels like we've been betrayed. We want a trial. We wanna put these individuals on a stand. We want the public to see it, and we want the media to see everything that these individuals have to say. And Scott, at the other end of the spectrum is Elizabeth Miller. She was six when her Staten Island firefighter Dad died in the nine 11 attacks. She's been a supporter of the agreements. And here's what she said to me last night. I'm Really just feeling numb.


I'm disappointed in The, U, US government. We're no closer to a death penalty conviction now than we were 13 years ago. Most families just want this to end, and this was the best way, and in my opinion, the only way that it was going to end. But Scott, this reversal of the plea deal makes the end look even farther away. Basically, what happens now is the nine 11 case goes back to this legal slog of endless, so-called pretrial hearings, and it's unclear how they might get to trial if ever. NPR m Sasha Pfeiffer, thank you so much. You're welcome. And that's Up First for Saturday, August 3rd. I'm Aisha Roscoe. And I'm Scott Simon, Michael Radcliffe.


Gabe O'Connor and Gabriel Duntov produced today's podcast. Andrew Craig directed Our editors were Ed McNulty, Rafael Nam, James Heder, and Nick Spicer On a glove as our technical director with engineering support from Nisha Highness, Arthur Laurent and Andy Hether. Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Oliver is our executive producer. And Jim Kane is our deputy managing editor. Tomorrow on the podcast, Aisha flexes the reporting muscle she build up on the energy beat. That's right. We'll take you to Louisiana's Gulf Coast for a look at Liquified Natural Gas.


The US is the world's largest exporter and a lot of it gets piped down there before it gets shipped out. So there's a lot to learn about American energy policy, the local economy, and ecology and global climate change. I, I'm breathless just hearing about it. And for more insights like that into your community, your country, and the world, you can listen to your local NPR station, find it please by going to stations.npr.org.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Up First sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Up First plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


If, you think the economy makes no sense right now? You are probably right because even economists can explain it lately. But Our podcast, the Indicator from Planet Money. We're a little dose of clarity on the biggest economic questions of the Day and about the forces that affect your Life in 10 minutes or less every weekday. the Indicator from Planet. Money from NPR.


On this week's episode of Wild Card Actor and Reading Rainbow Hosts, LaVar Burton says he knows people see him in a certain way. It is hard to imagine you getting really angry about Something. Oh my God, you could not be more Wrong. I'm Rachel Martin. Join us for NPRs Wild Card podcast. The game where Cards Control the Conversation.