
An email to every federal employee asked, what did you do last week? And Elon Musk threatened they would lose their jobs if they didn't answer. You can't interpret silence to be a resignation. Do labor laws protect these workers? I'm Layla Alden. That same Martinez. And this is a first from NPR News. The leaders of France and Britain are visiting Washington this week on their agenda, convincing President Trump not to abandon Ukraine. Can they sway him? Plus conservatives won the German Election and the country's far right party made its strongest showing in decades. And Greenpeace goes on trial today. They're being sued by a Texas energy company for disrupting the construction of an oil pipeline.


Everybody's afraid of these environmental groups and the fear that it may look wrong If you fight back with these people. Stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day.


Support comes from our 2025 lead sponsor of upfirst Amazon Business. How can you free your team from time consuming office tasks? Amazon Business empowers leaders to not only streamline purchasing, but better support their teams. Smart business buying tools enable buyers to find and purchase items fast so they can focus on strategy and growth. It's time to free up your teams and focus on your future. Learn more about the technology insights and support available at Amazon Business dot com.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org. 99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts Free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country.


Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR. What did you accomplish last week? Well, that's the question that hundreds of thousands of government employees have until tonight at 11:59 PM to be exact to answer or they could lose their jobs. The Deadline was laid out in a three line email, said Saturday from the Office of Personnel Management, Elon Musk, president Trump's cost cutting chief and an unelected billionaire threatened on X. That failure to respond will be taken as a resignation. Suzanne Summerland is a federal sector labor attorney in Washington DC. She says, ignoring the email likely would not be grounds for firing. And You can't interpret silence to be a resignation.


Resignations in the federal service must be made voluntarily by the employee, and the employee has until the date of their resignation to resend it. Summerlin and others also question the legality of the demand. She says, the Office of Personnel Management must respect the chain of command within government agencies. OPM seems to be running an in route around that chain of command and directly dealing with employees. This is a violation of collective bargaining laws. Unfair labor practice laws On Sunday. OPM said the emails were part of the Trump administration's commitment to an efficient and accountable federal workforce. To add to the confusion, some agency leaders appointed by Trump at the FBI, the State Department and the Department of Defense are instructing employees to disregard the email.


Still the directive has prompted a new sense of uncertainty and confusion among federal workers so far. In a little over a month into the Trump administration, thousands of government employees were dismissed, including some by mistake. French President Emmanuel Macron is in Washington today where he will meet with President Trump in the Oval Office. Yeah. European leaders were stunned by President Trump's abrupt reversal of alliances last week. He accused Ukraine of starting the war with Russia. Ukraine did not start the war. And Trump called Ukrainian President Valdimir zelensky a dictator, while letting Russian president Vladimir Putin off the hook for its full scale invasion of its neighbor.


In meetings today, Macron will try to keep Trump on board with the USS traditional allies. NPRs Eleanor Beardsley is in Paris. Following all this. So Eleanor, what arguments will he try to try and get through to President Trump? Well, yeah, a macron's gonna try to convince Trump that it's in America's strategic interest, not to make some deal with the Russians without involving the Europeans. He'll present a European action plan to help achieve a peace deal that is durable with solid guarantees that Russia won't use the time to build up its forces and invade Ukraine. Again. Mackerel must make Trump understand that Russia poses an existential threat to Europe. And to do this, he'll be relying on his personal friendship with President Trump.


Macron is probably the closest to Trump of all the European leaders, with the exception of Hungary's Victor Orban. And he's gonna appeal to Trump's ego and inner deal maker. In fact, mackerel actually told us what he would say to Trump in a live question and answer session broadcast on Instagram last week. Let's have a listen. Putin, I'm gonna tell him you can't be weak in front of Putin. That's not you. He said he'd tell Trump that's not your brand and it's not in your interest. How are you gonna be credible in front of China if you're weak in front of Russia? And Macron said he would also emphasize that Trump cannot help someone. IE Vladimir Putin, who's actually helping Iran develop the nuclear bomb.


Alright, So what are European leaders like Macron proposing? Well, last week there were two emergency meetings out of Paris. After Trump's comments about the war. A couple dozen leaders attended France and Britain, who are Europe's only nuclear powers are said to be ready to provide the backbone of a European military force to secure any peace deal in Ukraine. That would include boots on the ground in the air, and even ships at sea. Other countries that could join include Finland, Sweden, and the Baltics. The problem is Putin has said any European troops in Ukraine is a red line. Now British Prime Minister Kiir Starer is also expected to meet with Trump. This week I spoke with Gina Weber, she's expert in security and defense at the US German Marshall Fund in Paris.


And she said at first McElroy and Starer plan to meet together with Trump. But now they have separated their visits. Let's listen. Could be smart to have the sequencing of the visits to reinforce the message and potentially also adapt it and coordinate. So if macro managers to speak for the Europeans and star managers to speak for the Europeans, that can actually be a message amplifier. But a, some analysts say it's already too late for the Europeans because Trump so wants to cut a deal with Putin. Yeah. Trump has demanded that Europeans contribute more to their security. So are they willing to do this long term? Well, first of all, we have to say Europe has given more for the war in Ukraine If you add military, financial, and humanitarian.


But yes, this is a big wake up call for the second time. Their transatlantic ally looks like it might not always have their back. So they are ready to increase. Many nations are spending more and say they will. But everything is going on at such an accelerated pace now, and it's gonna take time to get those defense industries going. That's NPR International correspondent Eleanor Beardsley in Paris. Eleanor, thanks. Thank you. Germany is getting a new Chancellor Now. Results this morning indicate that Friedrich Martz Center right Christian Democrats will be able to form a new government with only one coalition partner that will likely return the country to a more stable two party government that ran Germany for most of the past three decades.


NPRs Berlin correspondent Rob Schmitz joins us now to talk about the results. So Rob Chancellor Olaf Schultz is on his way out, which means Europe's biggest economy will have a new leader. So what was the big issue that decided this election? Well, for the most part it was the struggling German economy. Schultz's government collapsed over a dispute about how to revive it, but it was also Schultz himself who's been the problem for voters. His slow, methodical approach to governing did not suit the chaotic times that Europe is in with a war on European soil and an economic downturn. You know, these challenges require decisive action and it three party coalition government had a difficult time rising to the occasion. So It's clear from the results that Germany will likely return to a two party coalition government.


How would, how is it gonna be different than the last administration? Well, Schultz's Center left social Democrats will likely remain in the government, but it's a center, right? Christian Democrats under Friedrich Maz that will be in the driver's seat now and Maz seems ready to move fast. He wants a government formed by mid-April, which is very quick for Germany. And he says he has big plans. He said last night that his number one priority is to strengthen Europe as quickly as possible so that I can achieve independence from the United States. He went on to say, I never thought I'd be saying this, but after Donald Trump's statements last week, it's cleared the Americans, or at least this administration is indifferent to the fate of Europe.


And I wanna point out here that Germany has long considered the US as its most important ally. So this is truly an astonishing statement from an incoming German chancellor. Yeah, And one thing we should say here is that the far right alternative for Germany party came in a strong second place. Say, will not though be in government. Why not Rob? No, you know, Germany's party in the political center have vowed never to govern with the A FD, the party's acronym in German. The A FD is under domestic surveillance for the threat poses to Germany's democracy and its members routinely trivialize German atrocities in World War II last night merits derided the A FD saying it was not interested in real solutions And that the A FD is happy to see Germany's problems get worse. He also criticized the A FD for its cozy relationship with Elon Musk.


Oh, And how did the A FD respond? Well, the Party's co-chair, Alice Vital, said merits his incoming government will not last long. Here's what she said. So she's saying here, merits won't be able to form a stable government without the A FD And that he, he will face the consequences when his government crashes and fails, But will merits have a stable government. So I pose that question to the US German Marshall Funds suited David will, here's what she said. And now it's going to be difficult for this sort of grand coalition, but it needs to deliver reform. Otherwise the A FD may be even stronger during the next German Election. And even now it cannot be ignored because it will be the largest party in the opposition.


So she Said what this means is that merit's incoming government will need to move toward the right to address voter concerns like migration and a slowing German economy. And it's clear Germans really care about these things because voter turnout was 84%. That is the highest turnout since Germany's reunification in 1990. That's NPRs Rob Schmitz. Rob, thanks. Thank You. The environmental group, Greenpeace, U S A faces a $300 million lawsuit that could force it to shut down. This is related to Native American LED protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline about eight years ago. The company that built the crude oil pipeline is suing Greenpeace.


Jury selection begins this morning in North Dakota. Jeff Brady joins us now from NPRs Climate Desk. So Jeff, why is the pipeline company suing Greenpeace? Yeah, the company is energy transfer. It's based in Dallas and it claims Greenpeace and other activists conspired to raise money. Insight protests hurt the company's reputation and delay construction of its Dakota Access Pipeline Energy transferred didn't respond to our interview request, but co-founder and now executive chairman Kelsey Warren did answer questions on CNBC back in 2017. Everybody's afraid of these environmental groups and the fear that it may look wrong If you If you fight back with these people, but what they did to us is wrong and they're gonna pay for it.


This was when Energy Transfer filed a federal lawsuit. That case was dismissed and the company filed a similar case in state court. That's the case headed to trial now. So How did the protests wind up affecting the pipeline construction? There were thousands of protestors who traveled to North Dakota and camped out near the Standing Rock Sioux reservation. The pipeline route is just north of there. There were clashes with police at one point. Officers used water cannons on protestors and below freezing temperatures. Still, the 1100 mile pipeline was finished and it's been transporting oil since 2017. Construction was delayed. Kelsey Warren estimated about 90 days in that interview. Okay, So what is Greenpeace saying about this case?


And actually, I mean, how does it plan to defend itself? Greenpeace calls this a slap suit and SLAP stands for strategic lawsuit against public participation. Essentially, a wealthy company takes a less wealthy critic to court forcing them to spend time and money defending themselves rather than protesting. Sushma Ramen is the interim executive director at Greenpeace U S A and says, this is a free speech issue. This case is simple. Big oil wants to silence its critics. We will not be silenced. We are fighting back. Greenpeace says the goal here is to win and dissuade other companies from filing cases like this. Yeah, these slap suits have been an issue across the country.


Some states have even passed laws to counter them. So what's the situation in North Dakota? Yeah, 35 states and the District of Columbia have anti-slap laws. Now that makes it easier to get cases dismissed and recover attorney fees from plaintiffs. But North Dakota is one of 15 states that does not have such a law. That means even if Greenpeace wins this case, it'll have to pay for its own defense. The organization hasn't disclosed how much that'll be, but a spokesperson says what they've spent so far is in the millions. Okay, So A jury selection begins today. How long might this trial last? It's expected to last about five weeks. Should go to the jury at the end of March or beginning of April.


We haven't seen any hint of settlement talks yet. Both sides seem pretty dug in on their positions here. So once there's a decision, I suspect an appeal is pretty likely. All right. That's Jeff Brady from NPR R'S Climate Desk. Jeff, thank you very much. Thanks for having me. And that's Upfirst for Monday, February 24th. I'm mean Martinez. And I'm Layla Fadden. Make your next. Listen. Consider this. The team behind NPR r's All Things Considered goes deep into a single news story in just 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's Upfirst was edited by Ryland Barton, Kevin Drew, Neela Banerjee, Jana Williams and Alice Wolfley was produced by Ziat Butch Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas.


We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent And our technical director is Stacey Abbott. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


Wait, wait, don't tell me Fresh Air Upfirst NPR News now. Planet Money. Ted Radio Hour throughline. The NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcast You can enjoy. Sponsor free with NPR r plus. Get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


Oh, hey there, I'm Brittany Lu and I don't know, maybe this is a little out of pocket to say, but I think you should listen to my podcast. Podcast. It's called, it's Been a Minute and I love it. And I think you will too. Over the past couple months, over 100,000 new listeners started tuning in. Find out why. Listen to the It's Been a Minute podcast from NPR today.