
Federal disaster Authorities prepare for a new hurricane along with a flood of lies. This kind of rhetoric is not helpful to people. What is FEMA actually doing in disaster zones and how do false claims get in their way? I'm Steve Inskeep with a Martinez, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. If you're hearing my voice, you know this is true. Many voters get their information from podcasts. Maybe that's why presidential candidates are appearing on so many of them lately. Sometimes they even make news. Also, Israeli memorials on October 7th brought the country together in mourning and also reveal divisions. What are Israelis thinking? As the war with Hamas enters a second year, and for the residents of Gaza, it was another day of airstrikes.


Stay with us. We've got all the news you need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. ODU is expensive, disconnected software causing a lot of chaos at your company. Then it's time to find peace with odu. ODU is simple, affordable, all in one management software for every business. Sign up today@odoh.com.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way At Schwab. Visit Schwab dot com To learn more.


This message comes from Mattress Firm. The start of A New Year can feel overwhelming, but quality sleep is the foundation for staying energized and focused on your goals. That's where Mattress Firm comes in, helping you find the right bed from their premium selection of top brand mattresses Plus with 120 nights to try it out. Love it, or get your money back. Get matched at Mattress Firm's President's Day sale and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


Americans preparing for Hurricane Milton face two kinds of floods. One is a flood of water like the storm surge that hit Florida from the last hurricane, or the rain that scoured the valleys of Appalachia. The other is a surge of misinformation about the Federal Emergency Management Agency. FEMA says it's provided more than $210 million in aid so far. Federal personnel are deployed across the Southeast. They've delivered millions of meals and millions of liters of water. And the White House says it Is positioning resources for Milton. At the same time, presidential voting is underway. And former President Trump gave a different picture of the federal response. This is a small part of a rambling campaign talk.


Last week in the swing state of Michigan, They stole the FEMA money just like they stole it from a bank so they could give it to their illegal immigrants that they want to have vote for them this season. FEMA's administrator says this false claim is discouraging people from applying for the federal funds they need NPR. Stephen Fowler is covering this. So Stephen, let's start with this claim that we just heard from Donald Trump, that FEMA gave away its budget to undocumented immigrants so that they could vote Democrat. Fact, check that for us. Sure. So for one, non-citizens still can't vote. In the presidential election, two, Trump and his allies are talking about a grant FEMA administered from Customs and Border protection to municipalities that saw an influx of migrants.


So three, that is not the same as the FEMA Disaster Recovery Fund that is funded by Congress to help with disaster recovery. Now, Trump also repeatedly says the government is only giving people $750 for recovery, comparing it to billion spent in foreign aid. That $750 is what's called Serious Needs Assistance, which is an initial direct relief payment intended to help cover emergency supplies like food, water, baby formula, and other basics. It's also worth noting that he's making explicit attacks against Harris, handling the recovery and migrants as election issues with less than a month to go before voting ends. Alright, So just to be clear, that's 750 bucks just an initial payment.


What's the broader, more accurate picture of the federal response? There Are thousands of people on the ground helping with rescue efforts across several states, passing out food, water supply, signing people up for the Fuller assistance. Emergency response isn't a one-way street nor a top down mandate from the feds. I mean, it involves a lot of communication and coordination and planning at every level. So while National Republicans are complaining state and local Republicans affected, are complimentary of the response and focused on the task at hand. Now, a, the disaster fund was running low earlier this year because there were lots of disasters. But when the new fiscal year started last week, that fund was replenished with its full $20 billion allotment.


That said, Congress isn't coming back until after the election. So Biden and lawmakers from both parties in these affected areas are pushing for a return sooner to provide more relief, especially as Milton is poised to cause massive destruction. Yeah. Florida is now preparing for Milton, the Gulf Coast in particular. What does that prep for the storm look like? So far? The White House says they've already approved Florida's emergency declaration request. They're pre-positioning resources to move in quickly once the storm passes and doing things to help expedite debris removal from the last hurricane that they're still dealing with. Unfortunately, the conspiracies are only getting worse. There are Congress members like George's Republican, Marjorie Taylor Greene, who falsely claim a nebulous. They control the weather.


Hurricanes don't care who you vote for and neither does the money to fix it. NPR, Steven Fowler in Atlanta. Steven, thanks. Thank You. Vice president and candidate Kamala Harris have been stepping up media appearances lately. She's been getting criticism that she's not spending enough time in the public eye. Harris has done traditional shows like 60 Minutes and also hitting the podcast circuit. Last week, she turned up on the podcast, all the Smoke hosted by former NBA champ, Stephen Jackson and Matt Barnes. As someone who's been the first in a lot of spaces, you've been in a woman of color knocking on the door to possibly be the next president.


How do you protect your mental health and your mental space? Well, number one rule, don't read the comments. They're nasty. This was the same interview in which Harris made news by saying she supports legalizing cannabis Harris's opponent. Donald Trump has also done a string of podcasts. So what's the media strategy here? Let's ask Axios Media correspondent Sarah Fisher. So Sarah, what do the candidates believe they have to gain by appearing on these podcasts? Well, in the final months and weeks leading up to the election, you actually just don't have much to lose in not doing them right. This election's gonna come down to just a few hundred thousand, maybe even less votes in some swing states. And so the key here is to make sure that you are reaching people, reminding people of who you are and what your platform is ahead of the election.


Now, typically in previous elections, you could go to television, you could do print interviews, you can do radio interviews to try to reach those people. And those mediums still do have a massive footprint. But what's different now is that podcasts, which are able to go viral on platforms like TikTok have really big audiences in a way that they didn't even quite have four years ago. Now, those are seen as opportunities for candidates to reach different kinds of voters, whether it's with the Call Her Daddy podcast, young Women, or the podcast that you just mentioned, which reaches a ton of young men and young people. This is the way that candidates feel like they can reach more people in the final days and weeks. Yeah, If You have a specific slice, Sarah, people that you wanna reach, there is a podcast for that, that's for sure.


There's a lot of them. But when you and I are doing interviews, I mean, we have journalistic principles that we follow. So do these podcasts follow any of that? Typically not. I mean, these are typically run by hosts who are influencers. Maybe they're former reality stars or former athletes. They are not people who typically have journalistic training, although you'll see they prepare for interviews. Sometimes they'll reference soundbites. They'll try to make sure that this interview feels very authoritative. But at the end of the day, the same type of journalistic standards and scrutiny that you and I would pose on an interview don't exist here. For example, with the caller daddy interview that Kamala Harris did, that entire interview for the most part, was really just dedicated to women's rights abortion.


And these are topics that are winning issues for Kamala Harris. She was not pressed on that interview about things like the border or immigration or debt or taxes, and the list goes on and on. And so the reason why I think you're gonna have pressure to do both types of environments, a formal sit down interview with a journalistic outlet like an NPR, or, you know, in the case of last night, 60 Minutes. It's because voters wanna know more about your actual platform, as opposed to if you're sitting down with a podcaster, they're just getting to know a little bit more about you personally. That's Axios Media correspondent Sarah Fisher. Sarah, thanks. Thank You.


And now to Israel, where people across the country observed a day of grief and reflection. Yesterday marking one year since the attacks on October 7th. That was the day that Hamas led militants stormed out of Gaza and attacked communities in southern Israel. The killing and hostage taking on that day was followed by year long Israeli offensive across Gaza so far, and also attacks on Israel from elsewhere in the region, including from Hezbollah in Lebanon. In recent days, Israel has expanded its offensive into Lebanon. NPRs Kat Lon Dorf joins us now from Tel Aviv. So let's start with the memorials in Israel. Kat, what can you tell us about how Israelis marked the year? Yeah, the mood was really somber here.


There were several different memorials throughout the country. One was organized by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's. Government won by the families of hostages, and people killed last October, and a few more of the actual sites down south where the attacks took place. You know, a big reason for those different memorials has to do with disagreements over Netanyahu's insistence for continuing the war in Gaza. Families of hostages and their supporters want an immediate ceasefire deal to end the war and get the remaining 101 hostages back. They didn't wanna be part of the official government memorial. And you know, it's also worth noting just here until Tel Aviv yesterday, sirens went off warning of incoming rockets from three different places throughout the day. First Hamas shot rockets from Gaza, a few of which hit in the Tel Aviv suburbs. Then later the Israeli military said it shot down a missile from Yemen.


And then late last night, huge booms in Tel Aviv. It actually shook my windows here as the Israeli military said, it shot down projectiles from Lebanon. The Backdrop of all this, of course, is now multiple wars being fought by Israel, both in Gaza and Lebanon. Yeah. And Israeli troops in the occupied West back. So Kat, let's start with, with Gaza, which has been devastated by Israeli forces of the past year. What happened there yesterday? So, Israeli airstrikes started early in the morning in Gaza, and Hamas also launched rockets back at Southern Israel. Both of those happened right around 6:29 AM which was when the attack on Israel started last year. Israeli airstrikes continued in Gaza throughout the day. Israel said it was taking out Hamas rocket launchers, but at least 39 Palestinians were killed according to health officials there.


And that's just yesterday. And there were more Israeli evacuation orders for both North and South Gaza. This comes after an entire year of continuous displacement for Palestinians there. The Israeli military said it's about to go into the north with what it calls extreme force. So we're gonna watch and see what happens. Okay. And then there's also Lebanon where Israeli troops began a ground invasion last week. What do we know about that? Well, it's hard to get much information about what's happening in southern Lebanon because it's been declared a closed military zone by Israel. But we do know that Israel is continuing its strikes in Southern Lebanon. And in Beirut, an Israeli airstrike killed at least 10 firefighters in the South yesterday, according to Lebanese health officials. And those firefighters were getting ready to rescue people who'd been hurt.


In other strikes, Israel says it's targeting Hezbollah militants. In those strikes, just in the past few weeks of Israeli strikes, more than 1000 people have been killed in Lebanon. Thousands wounded and more than a million have been displaced, according to Lebanese officials. Israel says it's going in for quote, limited operations, but this is also language that Israel has used about Gaza, and that war is still very much ongoing a year later. So many fear that Lebanon might be the same. And one more thing, KA, really quick. I, you know, when I watch on television, I see, you know, air sirens and airstrikes. I mean, how, how is it just being in Tel Aviv? Is it, do you feel safe at all? You know, it's gotten pretty normal here. The airstrikes happen up north a lot more. So yesterday was significant, but you know, I think people have become relatively used to this as, as sad as that is.


All right, that's npr r's Cat S Dorf in Tel Aviv. Kat, Thank you very much for this reporting. Thanks so much a And that's a first for Tuesday, October 8th. I'm a Martinez, and I'm Steve Inskeep. For your next listen, consider, consider this opioid deaths are dropping across this country. NPR asks why and whether the trend is here to stay. Let's unconsidered this from NPR News. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Hannah Block, Megan Pratz, Alex Schweitzer, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Paige Waterhouse, Nia Domas, and Anna Perez. We get engineering support from Carleigh Strange, and our technical director is Zach Coleman. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses? At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair at Warby Parker dot com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.