
Before today's upfirst, it's been a wild and exhausting election season. It's felt like a marathon and a sprint and a heart attack sometimes. But as we get closer to Tuesday's elections and continue to follow events with this podcast, we want you to know other ways to keep up with developments until election day and after as votes are counted. First, you can find a new episode of the NPR Politics Podcast with context and analysis on the big stories whenever they happen every weekday. And you know you don't have to stare at your phone 24 hours a day because we'll send you breaking news alerts to let you know when there is new information.


And you can find context and analysis a few hours later with the NPR Politics podcast. Plus, you can also listen to consider this. It's the podcast where NPR covers one big story in depth every weekday evening. They are all over this election and will be all over its aftermath. So if you weren't taking notes, let's recap. You've got upfirst in the Morning, Consider this in the evening, and the NPR Politics podcast anytime that news happens. And around the clock. Election news Survival Kit from NPR podcast. Okay, well thank you for listening. Now let's get back to business.


Inundated with millions of campaign ads and hoping it might let up this weekend. Not a chance. With three days left before the elections, the final push is real and it is intense. I'm Scott Simon. I'm a Rosco, and this is upfirst from NPR News. Campaign Ads are everywhere with each candidate slamming the other on everything from the economy to immigration and access to abortion. We'll tell you who they're targeting and in which states Plus finding it hard to focus on work because of these elections your supervisors may have noticed and we'll tell you how they're bracing for how you'll cope with the results.


And we'll bring you the latest on the Deadly Floods In Spain. So please stay with us. We've got the news you need. Start your weekend.


This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


This message comes from better help. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls, and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with Better help. try@betterhelp.com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Walmart. Walmart is fueling American jobs and strengthening communities with an additional $350 billion investment in products made, grown or assembled in America. This commitment to US manufacturing is helping local businesses across the country hire more people and support their local communities. Learn how Walmart is supporting us manufacturing by visiting walmart.com/america at work.


This message is brought to you by Lisa In collaboration with West Elm. Discover the new natural hybrid mattress expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LEES a.com to learn more.


Swing states are getting hit hard with a lot of campaign edge. Maybe you've heard some take It from the people who knew him best. Donald Trump is too big a risk for America Under Kamala, there's been a big hike in Medicare premiums And these ads aren't cheap. Billions of dollars have been spent trying to win what could amount to a small amount of voters who could make all the difference in this race. And be senior political editor and correspondent Domenico Ro joins us now at Dominico. Thanks so much for being with us. Hey Scott, great to be with you. How much money in the swing states do we know who It is? An incredible amount of money overall that's been spent this cycle, 10 and a half billion dollars more than ever spent on political ads.


This is for everywhere in the country. That's from campaigns and outside groups for the presidential race, the competitive house and Senate races all the way down to county commissioner races, So, you know, this is all political advertising, wherever you see it on your tv, radio, online, social media, which by the way has seen a huge investment this cycle. And what kind of messages do people see? Well, let's look at the most run ads this cycle to give people a taste of that more than $36 million. Really a staggering amount for just one ad has been spent on this ad. It's from a pro Harris outside group Fpac. Here's a bit of it, which features a Republican who says he voted twice for Trump, but is now switching to Harris. Kamala Harris is for regular people. She wants a tax cut for a hundred million Americans.


So we keep more of our hard-earned money. I'm a proud Republican, but this year I'm voting for Kamala Harris. Certainly a big piece of the Harris campaign has been trying to appeal to disaffected Republicans on the Republican side. MAGA Inc, which is the major super PAC supporting Trump, has had this add in high rotation. There's about $27 million behind it and tries to frame Harris's time as a prosecutor as too liberal. Here's part of that one. As San Francisco DA liberal, Kamala Harris let Killers go free. And as California Attorney General, Kamala continued to put criminals first don't make America her next victim. The Harris campaign refutes some of those claims, and it's a bit ironic considering that she became district attorney running to the middle against a much more progressive candidate.


But this has been the challenge for Harrison, a shortened campaign to try and define herself amid this barrage of overwhelmingly negative messaging from the Trump side in the past month. Domen, go back to that, that $10 billion number for all the races, how much into the presidential race? Yeah, I mean only about a third has been on the presidential election, but that's still $3 billion, which is a massive amount. And it's a lot that's been spent in a smaller number of states. Just seven swing states have seen three out of every $4 spent. We're talking about Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan, those blue wall states as well as North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, and Nevada in the Sunbelt. Overall though, 23 states have seen more than a hundred million dollars in ads overall, Which state's getting the most advertising thrown at it.


I could guess. Right? Liberty Bill Phillies. Yeah, I'm sure no one wants this election to be over more than the good people of Pennsylvania. The birthplaces of American democracy has seen an astounding $1.2 billion spent on it. It's the first time we've ever seen a single state see over a billion dollars spent in political advertising. Almost $600 million of that has been spent on the presidential election, which by the way, Scott, that might be a good opening bid offer to someone like, I don't know, Juan Soto, who might go to the Mets or something. You know, I'm not sure that'll be enough, but, but but But Pennsylvania's been important for a few cycles, hasn't it? Does it, does this really increase spending? Yeah, It has, but the spending this year is almost three times as much as what it was in 2020.


And the major focus in 2020, if you remember it was Georgia. It saw about $800 million in total advertising that year. But that's still well short of what we're seeing in Pennsylvania. So follow the money here. The campaigns really see Pennsylvania as the critical state this year. And Pier's Domenico, mro, thanks so much for being with us. You're welcome. It is been a tense election season and some of us haven't been able to keep that tension out of the workplace. Yes, that's right. A human resources group that keeps track of these things reports that major disagreements over political views have caused a huge increase in workplace incivility this Year.


NPR is Maria Aspen. Talk to HR leaders about what they're preparing for on Tuesday and beyond, and she joins us now. Hi Maria. Hi Aisha. So we've seen lots of disagreement online and even at polling places, but what has that looked like at work? So There are a lot of tense water cooler conversations at the physical office, but also over Zoom or social media. In fact, let me play you a clip. It's getting hot out here. That's Johnny C. Taylor Jr. He runs a group of HR managers called SH rm. We literally are seeing month over month increases in incivility and incivility, specifically in response to one's political opinions or one's perceived political affiliation.


And there's a financial cost to all of this tension. Taylor's group estimates that all of this incivility is costing employers some $2 billion a day in lost productivity, $2 billion a day. Is that because workers are ignoring their jobs and just sitting around arguing about who should be president? I mean? There's some of that, but it's not just that everyone's arguing, it's about what happens after. You might have a tense confrontation with a coworker. On average, after an individual experiences an act of incivility at work, it takes them 31 minutes to recover. That impacts productivity. Aisha, it's worth remembering that we spend about a third of our lives at work.


So it's inevitable that we're gonna bring some of how we're feeling into our jobs and with a lot of people on edge right now, it's gonna be even harder to stay focused. So what's the answer then? Can employers just tell everyone to lead a politics at home? This is what surprised me. I thought that was going to be the advice I got when I started talking to HR leaders. We've seen some big companies like Coinbase and more recently Google saying exactly that, telling employees to leave the political debates at home. But that's really hard to enforce in practice. And some companies are recognizing that. I talked to Melissa Anderson. She oversees HR for Albemarle, which makes lithium for car batteries.


The best way for them to handle their emotions is to feel like they have a safe place to talk about it and to be able to engage safely and to feel supported. So Albemarle has created some employee resource groups and also hosted some internal meetings for employees to get together and talk about current events that are affecting them. So as we go into this week, what else can employers do and and what can we as workers do? Well for us workers I mean take a breath and remember to treat everyone, including our coworkers. With respect for employers, it really varies and some of it is kind of extreme. Taylor told me that some small businesses are even canceling meetings on Wednesday and Thursday, so that employees who voted different ways aren't forced to interact.


But as you know, it might be days before we know the election results, months before the inauguration, and we're gonna continue to face a lot of other uncertainty at home and at the office. So in general, whatever your company's policy is about talking politics or not talking politics, there should be a policy. If you don't already have one at work, it's still worth starting to think about it. That's NPRs Maria Aspen. Maria, thanks so much. Thank you. Valencia. A region of eastern Spain is still recovering from the catastrophic floods that devastated entire towns.


On Tuesday night. At least 205 people have been confirmed dead so far. But rescue and recovery teens are still working to access all locations and expecting the death toll to rise N bs. Miguel Macias joins us now from Sev. Miguel, thanks so much for being with us. Thank you, Scott. Let's begin with latest, what authorities are saying about the death tolls. Well, just last night, the Minister of Interior, Fernando Alca said in an interview that he cannot estimate how many people are missing. So think about that. We, we don't even know the potential magnitude of the tragedy at this point. It's been a few days. How are rescue efforts proceeding Slowly?


We've all seen the images of cars piled up on top of each other. It is, it's just joking. Yesterday, speaking to Kadena, said Spanish radio network, Maribel Al, she's the major of one of the impacted towns by Porta, said that many streets were still blocked. So help could not fully access her town. Saying That, that when they get access to location to to locations where, where one person has been reported dead, they find three or four bodies says that some people have died inside their vehicles. Some people have even died inside their street level homes blocked by cars that were swept away by the river or mud.


Think about this almost as a tsunami, Scott. This wasn't just water accumulating on the streets. You can see videos of a wave of brown water advancing until it turns into a violent river. People are devastated and sometimes also angry at the, what they see as a lack of response. And Miguel, what has been the government response? I I understand there's been some controversy over the, over the way people were alerted to the floods. That's right. Scott. The, the official agency that oversees weather events started to warn citizens about the storm as early as Thursday the 24th. Then they also issued warnings including a red alert on Tuesday, early morning around 7:00 AM But the direct alert to people's cell phones, that loud beeping alert that came from the regional government of Valencia went out just past 8:00 PM that night.


By that time, the flooding was up to two meters in some areas. This is also rush hour in Spain. So many cars were on the road going back home. In other words, the destruction was going to happen regardless, but the, the human toll might have been avoided. Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez spoke just this morning and said that the government will deploy 5,000 more troops to the region, 5,000 additional police officers. He also said that the regional government of Valencia in the hands of the opposition party only has to ask for, for what they need and the central government will deliver. And that it was time for political unity. No sub subtle message to the conservatives. Miguel, what kind of reaction are you seeing among the people in the region to this crisis?


We've seen an outpouring of, of help in solidarity. There has been some looting as well, but mostly people helping each other. Yesterday was a national holiday in Spain and we get to see some images of hope with thousands of people from Valencia walking to the most impacted areas in the outskirts of the city to help. And I want to leave you with a, with a happy story. Laura Hernandez was driving back from work with her husband when the flooding started on Tuesday. Their four children were back at home waiting for them. Well, Laura and her husband had to shelter inside an office building and she spoke to Kaena, said finally, reunited LA says that their 17-year-old and her 12-year-old could touch them, hold them in disbelief that the family was finally together after this nightmare.


So here's two more of those moments in the hours to calm Scott And Pier. Miguel Macias, thanks so much for being with us. Thank you. And that's upfirst for Saturday, November 2nd, 2024. Just three more, 90 nights until election day. I'm Scott Simon. And I'm Aisha Roscoe. Andrew Craig produced today's podcast with help from Gabe O'Connor. Our director is Michael Radcliffe. Our editors are De Parvez, Melissa Gray, Dana Farrington, and Nick Spicer. Hannah GL is our technical director with engineering support from Stacey Abbott, Nisha Highness and Arthur Halladay.


Lauren Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Lucy Oliver is our executive producer. And Jim Kane, our deputy managing editor Tomorrow on The Sunday Story, the Gang at NPRs Politics Podcast. Take a look at how Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump are going big in the swing states. Tune in for a detailed analysis of each candidate's campaign strategy. And for more news, interviews, sports and music, you can tune into weekend edition on your radio. Let's go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station.


This message comes from Jackson, seek Clarity and retirement planning@jackson.com. Jackson is short for Jackson Financial, Inc. Jackson National Life Insurance Company, Lansing, Michigan, and Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York Purchase New York.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customized your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to mint mobile.com/switch.