
Hi, it's Michelle Martin And I'm Steve Inskeep. Election day is Tuesday, And as you continue to follow things here on upfirst, we'd like you to know that There are two other ways to make sure you don't miss a development throughout the day. For first, every weekday, you can find a new episode of the NPR r Politics Podcast with context and analysis on the big stories whenever they happen. So like you get an alert, big breaking news, don't know what to think. Look for the NPR Politics pod a few hours later. And second, consider This is the podcast where NPR covers one big story in depth every weekday evening. They will be all over this election and it's aftermath. Two So, you got upfirst in the morning. Consider this in the evening and the NPR Politics podcast anytime big things happen.


And around the clock. Election news survival kit from NPR podcast. Thanks for listening. Here's our program. Election day is Tuesday. It Has been one of the most surprising and chaotic White House campaigns and recent memory. Both candidates are crisscrossing swing states in the final stretch. What are their final messages? I'm Steve Inskeep with Michelle Martin, and this is a first from NPR News. Vice President Harris is finishing while sounding upbeat, we Have momentum. It is on our side. Can you feel it? Former President Trump's final message includes a warning against voter fraud.


Every Polling booth has hundreds of lawyers standing there And Boeing workers vote today on a new company proposal that could end their eight week strike. What does it all mean for the troubled plane maker? stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Washington Wise. Decisions made in Washington can affect your portfolio every day. Washington Wise is an original podcast for investors from Charles Schwab that unpacks the stories making news in Washington. listen@schwab.com slash Washington wise,


this message comes from NPR sponsor Charles Schwab with its original podcast on investing. Each week you'll get thoughtful in-depth analysis of both the stock and the bond markets. Listen today and subscribe@schwab.com slash on investing or wherever you get your podcasts.


This message comes from NPR sponsor KeyBank, your trusted source for actionable information on trends that matter. So. you can stay ahead head to key.com/trending topics to get insights on everything from healthcare to cybersecurity


Tomorrow. Finally is election day Americans are electing every member of the House of Representatives and enough of the US Senate to decide who will control it next year. Also, governors, state legislators and much else. There are a lot of ballot measures in many states. The peak attention goes to the presidential campaign and the candidates hold multiple rallies today after racing across the country all weekend. We are joined now by two very tired NPR White House correspondents, Franco Ordonez, who has been following former President Donald Trump and Asal Haled who has been following Vice President Harris. Good morning to you both. Good morning. Good Morning Michelle. Or maybe it's good evening since you probably never went to sleep. Alright, so let's start with the highlights from this busy weekend.


Asma, why don't you lead us off? Yeah, I mean, yesterday Harris was focused all day on the ground in Michigan. And you know, that is important because Democrats have relied on that state to win presidential elections for years, you know, but the big headline was in fact the stop that Harris made on her way to Michigan. I was on the plane with her on Air Force two and we were coming from North Carolina. We were supposed to be going to Detroit. Instead, the plane went to New York City and Harris ended up on Saturday Night Live where she came face to face with Maya Rudolph who has played Harris on the show. I don't really laugh like that, do I?


A little bit, Of course, a question I've had is, does does going on that show really speak to anyone who is currently on the fence? Who knows? But the Harris campaign is trying to project that they are ending this campaign on a positive note. And so this was, you know, a bit of lighthearted fun. I'll just add that Trump's allies are saying it's unfair and his campaign is actually charging Harris with stealing Trump's skit ideas from when he was on the show in 2015 while seeking the Republican nomination. Now, Trump didn't mention it yesterday, but he's since soured on the show complaining that it's become a quote campaign contribution to the Democrats. Colin Jost, the co-anchor of SNL's weekend update joked about Trump's unhappiness. Well, next week the American people will decide if the next president will be Kamala Harris or if everyone at SNL will get audited.


Interesting since he's been on that show twice. Osman, we spoke last week about Harris's closing argument. Has that shifted in these final days? It, it has shifted a bit. You know, her central message for weeks has been about the dangers that Democrats see Trump posed to democracy. She has described him as being unstable and out for unchecked power, and that was indeed the message that you heard from her as she delivered these big concert like rallies in Atlanta and Charlotte over the weekend. But on Sunday at a rally on the campus of Michigan State U University, she sounded more upbeat. We Have momentum. It is on our side. Can you feel it? You know, at that rally, Michelle Harris did not mention Trump by name.


This was the first time that she did that. Since she became the nominee, you know, she still tried to create a contrast and talked about turning the page for weeks. Democrats have been saying that they are the underdog, but now Harris and her team are projecting more optimism, more confidence. You're hearing the Harris campaign tout its ambitious ground game and their mood seems to have changed in these final days. Okay, Franco, what about Trump? What was his weekend like? Yeah, Michelle, he's just definitely turned it up a notch. I mean, three rallies yesterday, three rallies on Saturday. You can tell though it's wearing on him a bit. I mean, his voice is growing whores, he's making some mistakes, but it didn't stop him from going off script like he does and attacking his political enemies in Pennsylvania.


Yesterday he called Democrats demonic and double down on false claims of voter fraud, actually saying he should have stayed in the White House after losing the election. We Had the safest border in the history of our country. The day that I left, I shouldn't have left. I mean, honestly, 'cause we did so. We did so well. We had such a great, so now, I mean every, every polling booth has hundreds of lawyers standing there. You can hear. I quickly switched gears and he also joked about it being okay with reporters being shot at. Hmm. So Franco, half of the rallies tr went to this weekend. Were in North Carolina, he's returning there again today. Why is that? I mean, it is very significant that he is doing that.


I mean, it was not supposed to North Carolina, that is to even be a swing state. Trump won there twice. He shouldn't be needing to even go to North Carolina at all. But now it's very competitive. Harris is spending time there and Trump has spent more time in North Carolina than Pennsylvania in the last few days, which is really kind of crazy if you think about it. But North Carolina is a must win state for Trump and clearly he feels some vulnerability. You Know, I wanna jump in here real quick because I was out with Harris this weekend, and to your point Franco, about how competitive North Carolina is. There is this moment when Air Force Two landed in Charlotte and Harris was descending the stairs and they're just, you know, of some yards away in the background was Trump's plane.


It was the visual image of how they are fighting over the state. And you know, for decades, republicans have carried North Carolina in presidential elections with the one exception of Barack Obama in 2008. But the Harris campaign believes that it is gaining a lot of support from college educated voters, from suburbanites and from women, all of whom are key groups, key demographic groups in North Carolina. Okay, what about today, this final day of campaigning before election day tomorrow, Franco, what is Trump doing and what will you be watching for? Yeah, he's actually gonna have four rallies today, one in North Carolina, two in Pennsylvania, and a final one in Grand Rapids, which is where I am today. So last time he held five rallies a day in those last few days.


And his pace this time seems to be an effort to kind of recapture that spirit. He's also gonna be in Reding, Pennsylvania, which is part of a Latino corridor of Pennsylvania. And where There are many Puerto Ricans who are not happy with the, you know, quote, floating island of garbage remarks for one of Trump's opening speakers at his New York rally. You mentioned Reding and, and Harris is actually gonna be in that same city as well, which I think is very noteworthy because you have now both candidates in this relatively small city of Pennsylvania, it's got less than a hundred thousand people, but it does have the highest percentage of Latinos of any city in Pennsylvania. And you know, you mentioned that joke, Franco Democrats feel like that joke has been a political gift for them.


They feel like the Harris campaign is really making inroads with Latinos that, that it allows them to draw this contrast with Trump. And you know, I will say Harris has had some struggles this campaign season with Latinos, but after that joke she publicly got support from a number of celebrities like Bad Bunny. So Osmo stay with us on that. What else is Harris doing today? Yeah, she'll be crisscrossing the state of Pennsylvania. It is of course the biggest prize of all the swing states, 19 electoral votes. You know, really the big focus here is that stage she's gotta stop in Scranton rallies in Allentown, in Pittsburgh, and she'll be ending the night in Philadelphia with a concert on the famous Rocky steps at the Philadelphia Museum of Art.


I will say lots of symbolism there for a campaign that has repeatedly built itself as the underdog Fraco. How is Trump going to end his night? Yeah, It's actually gonna be the third time that Trump is gonna wrap up his campaign here in Gr Rapids in 2020. He mentioned maybe being a little bit superstitious. He actually scheduled to speak at 10 30 tonight, but last time, it was after midnight when he started. I really expect to be reporting in the We hours tonight, if not tomorrow morning. Oh dear. Time for more Red Bull. That is NPRs Franco Ordonez, who's been following former President Donald Trump. And as Haled following Vice President Harris, thank you both so much and hang in there a couple more hours. Thank you.


Thank you Michelle. Striking machinists at Boeing vote today on the company's latest proposal, Their strike is now in its eighth week, union members rejected two previous contract offers, but their leaders are endorsing this latest agreement and their warning that members may end up with less if they don't take it. NPS Joel Rose has been following all this and is with us now to tell us more. Joel, good morning. Good Morning. So what's different about this latest proposal? Well, union leaders say Boeing has moved a lot since its first offer back in September. Remember the machinists voted overwhelmingly to reject that deal.


The two sides then hammered out an agreement last month. Union members still voted to reject it, but the numbers were not quite as overwhelming. Now they're gonna vote for a third time. Boeing is offering a 38% wage hike that is up from 25% in their first offer, though it is still not quite the 40% raise the union wanted. This is a modest improvement from the offer that members rejected less than two weeks ago. But union leaders are endorsing this offer. That's something they notably did not do for that previous proposal. And they say quote, it is time for our members to lock in these gains and confidently declare victory. And What's Boeing saying about this offer? Well, publicly, the company is encouraging all union members to vote on the proposal. The new CEO Kelly Ortberg sent a message to employees on Friday that said in part quote, it's time we all come back together and focus on rebuilding the business.


But in private, Ortberg also delivered an ultimatum that is according to Union District President John Holden. Holden told the Seattle Times that Ortberg said the company can't keep giving more, that future offers would get worse, not better. And union leaders seem to be taking Ortberg at his word in a statement. They say quote, we have extracted everything that we can in bargaining. And they told the members they that they risk the company offering less if they don't take the deal. Okay. So, you told us that the company's offering more money. Are there other issues though that could be an obstacle here? Retirement benefits that really could be the wild card. Many members of the Machinist Union wanna restore the traditional pension plan that Boeing froze in 2014 during, after their last contract negotiations.


And this is one key demand where Boeing has not budged it. It remains a major source of anger among the union's rank and file. Boeing says it is not going back to the old pension because it's too expensive. Though the company has offered to increase its contributions to employees 401k retirement plans. I think that's a big reason why the union rejected the company's previous offer and it could lead to another rejection this time. Okay. Tell more about what this could all mean for Boeing. I mean, this strike is the latest chapter in a brutal year. The previous CEO is pushed out in a management shakeup. The company lost $6 billion in the third quarter, partly as a result of the strike, which has crippled production at the company's airplane factories in the Pacific Northwest.


But Boeing has been having major production problems even before the strike. It has been struggling to rebuild trust with airlines, with regulators, with the flying public. Even the defense and space side of the business is struggling as well. They took a $2 billion loss in the third quarter. The strike is having a broader economic impact too, on suppliers and other companies that depend on Boeing, you know, more than 40,000 people or out of work through the strike. That was enough to make a dent in the national October jobs numbers that the labor department reported on Friday. Okay, real quick, when do we think we'll get results of the voting? Probably late tonight, maybe early tomorrow morning. The CEO of the company has said, though, it's more important to do this right than to do it fast, so it could be a little while before the factories are started up together.


That is N P'S Transportation correspondent Joel Rose. Joel, thank you. You're Welcome. And that's upfirst for Monday, November 4th. I'm Michelle Martin. And I'm Steve Inskeep. For your next listen, consider, consider this from NPR News. Election Day may not be the end of the contest. Listen to consider this from NPR. Today's episode of OF First was edited by Megan Pratt, Roberta Rampton, Russell Lewis, Olivia Hampton and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziyad bch, Nia Jammas and Lindsay Toddie. We get engineering support from Carly Strange And. our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also support NPRs vital journalism and get upfirst plus@plusnpr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to mint mobile.com/switch.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to mint mobile.com/switch.