
Hey. Hey. Good morning. Hello. I'm doing my vocal exercises. Excellent. The brown cow needs My mother mails me money. Hey, Unique New York. That's mine. Unique. No, that's mine. New York. You should have an LA one. New York. This is my process, Michelle. I Know that's, that's, I'm totally into it. All right, we ready. U S A ID has been effectively gutted. 90% of the agency's foreign aid programs have been halted and defunded. What happens now to its ongoing humanitarian projects? I'm Michelle Martin.


That's a Martinez. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. Two Venezuelan men who were detained at Guantanamo for weeks till NPR. They were denied access to lawyers and calls to family. That's very Different from how immigration detention is typically done. Are the detainees being treated fairly And labor unions representing thousands of laid off federal employees are challenging their dismissals in court. These are hardworking individuals. Not only are these just people who have a job, they're people who want to make this country better. Stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day.


Support comes from our 2025 lead sponsor of upfirst Amazon Business. How can you grow your business from idea to industry leader? Bring your vision to life with smart business buying tools and technology from Amazon Business. From fast free shipping to in-depth buying insights and automated purchase approvals. They deliver everything you need to achieve your goals. It's not easy to stand out from the crowd. Simplify how you stock up. To get ahead. Go to Amazon Business dot com for support.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org. 99 percent of the U US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts. Free of charge. That means you get completely unpayed access to stories, prize-winning reporting and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR,


The Trump administration is terminating nearly all foreign assistance programs run by the United States Agency for International Development or U S A ID. The move effectively got the six decade old agency, which worked to prevent the spread of disease and eliminate poverty and other programs in more than 120 countries. NPR Global Health correspondent, Fatma Tennis joins us now with the details. So Fatma, tell us what happened. So the State Department says it's reviewed over 6,000 of USAID's foreign assistant grants and Secretary of State Marco Rubio has decided to terminate nearly all of them. Quote, as part of the America first agenda, only 500 grants will be continued.


Now tho those grants funded all kinds of humanitarian and development projects aimed at disease control, migration prevention, hunger prevention, supporting human rights. And the same process has happened over at the State Department where most foreign assistant grants around 4,100 have been cut. The State Department says they've saved about $60 billion, which is around 1% of the overall federal budget. Okay. Now as far as programs go, do we know what kind of programs have been cut? Well, we don't have a full picture. The State Department says that programs that the U S A ID is keeping includes food and lifesaving assistance for HIV tuberculosis and, and malaria. Secretary Rubio had issued a waiver for those after the stop work order.


Paused all existence for an aid programs. But we're hearing from aid groups and NGOs that lifesaving humanitarian programs, including ones that provide HIV medications have been terminated. So have programs providing vaccination for polio. And it seems like some of those termination notices have gone out in haste because some groups received them twice. Now one example I can tell you about a program that's been cut is in Nigeria. It it provided clean water for people who were displaced because of attacks by the militant group, Boko Haram. So what's been the reaction to all this? One humanitarian official told me, quote, this is a global health massacre. That person was not authorized to speak on behalf of their organization.


Now U S A I staff and aid groups are worried that cuts to USAID USAID's programs will lead to loss of life like in Sudan where hunger is widespread. And over 1000 kitchens supported by U S A ID have closed also children around the world who are receiving treatment for acute malnutrition. They've not been getting their medication and are at risk of dying. So where does this leave the agency U S A ID? Well, it's been effectively dismantled today and tomorrow. Hundreds of U S A ID staff who've been laid off or put on administrative leave will be allowed to go into the headquarters in Washington and pack up their stuff. The building doesn't have agency signage anymore.


It's been removed. And the State Department says the next steps will be working with Congress to reform foreign assistance to ensure that taxpayer dollars are used to quote, make America stronger, safer, and more prosperous. And the government owes about $1.5 billion to many aid organizations for work that was already done before the Trump funding freeze. And that is now tied up in the courts. The government was given a deadline to make those payments by midnight yesterday, but the Supreme Court intervened and extended the deadline. Alright, that's NPR R'S Global Health Correspondent Fat Matt Tanis. Thank you very much. Thank you.


Beatings, mistreatment and constant frisk. That's what immigrants detained at the Naval Base in Guantanamo Bay. Say they experienced during the two weeks, they were detained there earlier this month. The men are now back in Venezuela and NPRs Gio Martinez Bertran has been talking to two of them. Please note this conversation does mention suicide. So tell us more about the men you talked to. Yeah, so both of them are Venezuelans and 21 years old. My friend DUR rap had been in detention for about 18 months. Most of that time in El Paso, Texas. He does have a criminal record. While he was there, he was convicted of aggravated assault of a federal officer. The other person I talked to was Joan Ro. He had been in detention for six months and he does not have a criminal record besides illegal entry.


He has been accused of being part of rag, which is a Venezuelan gang, recently designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the Trump administration. But he says he has never been a member. Okay. Now both of them were detained in Guantanamo for about two weeks. Tell us more about what they're alleging happened there. So both dur RAP and omi, the detainees at Guantanamo Bay were not allowed to call an attorney. So they held a five day hunger strike. At one point, they all blocked the cameras inside their cell so they could catch the guard's attention. At one of them, Ana rap also kicked on the cell store as a protest. And he says soldiers showed up in riot gear.


He says they would beat him up and pin him to the ground. He alleges he was also tied to a chair 15 times and each time lasted a few hours. Things got so bad. Ana says he tried to die by suicide twice and he provided us with photos of injuries to his arms, wrists, and hands. The other man alleges they did not have enough food. And he says their cells were searched and they were frisked every time they left. And and what is the Trump administration saying about all these allegations? So a spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security tells NPR the agency cannot confirm the veracity of Udan at a pest claims.


She says that detainees have quote, access to phone utilization to reach lawyers, but she didn't provide evidence. Whitehouse Press Qatari. Caroline Levitt also responded to allegations made by some of the migrants detained in Guantanamo, saying the administration is targeting those who break the law. And if then you further commit heinous, brutal crimes in the interior of our country, like raping and murder ring, innocent law abiding women and girls, and committing heinous acts of violence, then you are going to be deported from this country. And you may be held at Guantanamo Bay. But it's important to note A, that the Trump administration has admitted in court documents that nearly 30% of the detainees were considered low threat, illegal aliens lacking a serious criminal record.


The admission came as part of a lawsuit by the A CLU demanding migrants in Guantanamo get access to attorneys. And Just for some clarity, I mean, how is Guantanamo different from say, a regular detention center? I mean, these two men were held in a part of the base that was built for alleged terrorists post nine 11. And it's been described as a place without transparency. Manir Ahmed is a professor at Yale Law School and represented I Guantanamo prisoner for three years. He tells me Guantanamo is run by the military. That's very different from how immigration detention is typically done. Immigration detention is civil and not criminal and not military. In an immigrant detention center, immigrants have access to attorneys and can video call their family members.


That did not happen with amend detaining Guantanamo. Okay, That's NPR said. Hug Martinez. Beltran, thank you very much. You're welcome. And remember, If you or someone you know may be considering suicide or is in crisis, call or text nine eight eight to reach the suicide and crisis lifeline. Today, a federal judge in San Francisco hears arguments over whether the Trump administration's firing of thousands of probationary employees should be halted. It is one of the many legal challenges the administration is coming up against as it moves forward with plans to downsize the federal workforce.


NPR r's. Andrew Shu is following all of this. So Andrew, let's start with what's happening in court today. Who brought this lawsuit? Yeah. It was originally filed by several labor unions that represent federal workers who have been fired over the last several weeks. So nurses at the VA, for example, or people who worked for the Forest Service. These were employees who were still on probationary status, meaning usually their first or second year in that job. And a lot of them were told that they were being fired for performance reasons, even though many of them had gotten positive performance reviews and some weren't even on the job long enough to get a review. So the labor unions are arguing that the agencies themselves had no plans to fire these employees and only did so at the direction of the administration and specifically the Office of Personnel Management.


Alright. The Office of Personnel Management. That's something we've heard a lot lately. So remind us of what that is. Yeah. OPM is the agency that handles HR functions for the federal workforce. But to be clear, it's role is to provide guidance to agencies about how to hire and fire employees. It doesn't have the authority to actually hire and fire employees of other agencies. But under this administration, OPM has taken on a far bigger role. For instance, remember that mass email that went out to the entire federal workforce last weekend asking, you know, what did you do last week that came from OPM? And in fact, this lawsuit also includes a complaint about this email. The unions argue that OPM exceeded its authority in asking the entire federal workforce to report back what they accomplished.


And also in telling agencies to fire their probationary employees, president Trump has repeatedly argued that he's revamping the federal workforce in order to save American taxpayers money and to clean up fraud and waste. But the union's attorneys say there's a way to go about doing that legally, and this is not it. So apart from that lawsuit, I know you've reported on six fired workers who've been temporarily reinstated. Who are those workers? Yeah, these are six employees at different federal agencies who were fired about two weeks ago. And they were part of a separate complaint that a different set of attorneys brought to the Office of Special Counsel. That's the Federal Watchdog Agency that's responsible for protecting federal workers from illegal actions by the government.


So the special counsel began looking into these firings and found evidence that agencies hadn't followed proper procedures for firing them. And this special counsel asked a separate federal board to issue a stay. And on Tuesday night this week, the board granted that and ordered these six workers reinstated through April 10th so that the special counsel's investigation can continue. Okay. Just only six people. Yeah. For now, the attorneys in the case, including Michelle Kovich, have asked the Special counsel to seek relief for, you know, many thousands of probationary workers who say they were fired in the exact same way. Here's what she said. I mean, these are hardworking individuals. Not only are these just people who have a job, they're people who want to make this country better.


And the Office of Special Counsel, a, they have said that they're looking into ways to address a larger group of people who have been similarly fired. The office though doesn't normally pursue complaints like this. So this is really unprecedented as are the firings that led to this investigation. And lastly, I'll just note that this week we also saw the Trump administration issue guidance to agencies on further downsizing on deeper cuts that are ahead. So we may continue to see litigation there. Alright, That's NPR R'S RA Chu. Thanks a lot. You're welcome. And that's a first for Thursday, February 27th. I'm Martinez. And I'm Michelle Martin. How about making your next Listen, consider this.


The team behind NPRs All Things Considered goes deep into a single news story in just 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Jane Greenhall, Anna Yukhananov, Jana Williams and Alice Wolfley was produced by Ziat bch, Ben Abrams and Paige Waterhouse. We get engineering support from Stacy Abbott And our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast? Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus@plusdonpr.org. That's plus.npr.org. Wait, wait, don't tell me. Fresh Air Upfirst NPR news now. Planet Money, TED Radio Hour through line, the NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love, wildcard our just some of the podcasts You can enjoy sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


Imagine If you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.