
Residents of Gaza began receiving text messages on their phones. Israeli forces were telling them to evacuate parts of Gaza yet again. Many have been ordered to flee before, so where could civilians possibly go that might be safe? I'm Steve Inskeep with a Martinez, and this is upfirst from NPR News. Ukrainian forces continue their incursion into Russia. They've reportedly been raising Ukrainian flags on Russian buildings. Now Russian forces are gathering to respond. So what is Ukraine's goal? And Paris wrapped up two and a half weeks of Olympic games with closing ceremonies. There's Just a different sense of pride being on that podium, getting your gold medal. The flag was formally passed to the next city in line of host summer games Los Angeles in 2028.


stay with us. We've got all the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares the experience they hope to create in their viewing rooms. We want our customers to feel like they've walked into a luxury hotel. That's what SFA has been inspired by from the day that we started. We take sleep very seriously. We believe it unlocks a superpower. If you get the right sleep on the right mattress, we believe we can provide that. Visit SA tva.com/npr to save up to $600 from now through Labor Day weekend.


This message comes From NPR sponsor, sova founder, and CEO Ron Russon shares why SOFA Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At sofa, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful. To make sure you make the right choice, Save up to $600 through Labor Day weekend@satva.com slash NPR.


This message comes From NPR R sponsor. Warby Parker. Their glasses start at $95, including anti-reflective scratch resistant prescription lenses that block 100% of UV rays. Try five pairs of frames at home for free. Go to Warby Parker dot com slash covered.


Ceasefire talks are expected to resume later this week between Hamas and Israel to find a way to end the war in Gaza, which Is another way of saying that today. There is no ceasefire. Though the United States and much of the world have called for one, Hamas continues fighting under its surviving leader Yaya Xir. Israel has continued strikes in Gaza and has instructed Palestinians to move out of the way. Yet Again. NPR is a deal. Alci joins us now from Tel Aviv. The Gaza Health Ministry says more than 90 Palestinians were killed the last few days. What happened? So it was actually an early morning strike on Saturday on the Albanian School compound that was sheltering thousands of Palestinians in Gaza city, which is in the north.


It's also one of the worst Israeli attacks since the beginning of the war. In October, there was a mosque on site also, which was sheltering Palestinians, and some of them were performing morning prayers. Gaza's civil defense described a gruesome picture, children missing limbs, burned bodies, bodies that were unrecognizable, and many women and elderly Palestinians were among the dead. Now, the UN has called the Israeli bombing of schools, which are also, which many of our shelters as systemic at this point. And they say more than 450 schools out of the 564 in Gaza have been hit or damaged as of the beginning of this July. What did the Israeli military say about the strike, and what's the reaction been around the world?


So the Israeli military named 19 militants from Hamas and Islamic Jihad that they said were killed in this school strike. It said that the militant groups were using the school as an operations center. Both of those groups have denied. Vice President Kamala Harris condemned the strike saying that far too many civilians had been killed. She said that while Israel had a right to go after Hamas, it also had the responsibility to avoid civilian casualties. Okay? And the Israeli military is pushing more aggressively into towns and cities in Gaza. That means more evacuation orders have been issued for Palestinians. That's right. So the Israeli military told thousands of Palestinians in southern Gaza around the city of Hanes, which is Gaza's second LA largest city, to start making their way out of the area.


The new order came by way of leaflets dropped from the sky, and for many of the 2.3 million Palestinians who live in Gaza, this isn't their first, second, or even third evacuation order. So it's been an endless cycle of finding shelters, setting up camp, then being ordered to leave because of the fighting. And many say, you know, with these constant strikes and incursions, there's actually nowhere to go that is safe. And the image coming out of Gaza are desperate, exhausted families marching, carrying blankets over their heads, children on donkey carts. The UN says that Gaza has just become unlivable with outbreak of disease and garbage piled everywhere. What's happening with ceasefire talks, So the killing of a top Hezbollah leader by the Israeli military, and then the assassination of Hamas' leader Ismael Heni stalled the talks in the past couple of weeks, and then the region has been holding its breath to see if Iran will retaliate for he's killing, which happened in TE Iran.


Last week, president Biden and the leaders of Egypt and Qatar put out a letter saying that talks are going to resume this Thursday. And they sounded pretty impatient saying they wanted to present a quote, final ceasefire proposal to end the war. Israel said it would send a delegation to the meeting, but after the strike yesterday, Hama put out a statement hinting that they actually may not attend the meeting. They told mediators to just implement the plan that they've already been discussing for weeks instead of creating new talks. That's NPR R'S Hadil. Alci. Thank you very much. Thank You.


Ukrainian troops and Russian reinforcements are gearing up for what looks like a major confrontation in the villages and towns of western Russia. Yeah, Ukraine carried out a surprise offensive last week crossing the border into Russian territory. Suddenly the invader was being invaded. Now Russians are preparing for a counter attack. NPRs Greg Myy joins us from Kyiv. Greg Ukraine caught Russia by surprise last week. The surprise is now over. What should we look for this week? Yeah, the question at this point is really what is Ukraine's goal here? They've shocked the Russians. They've boosted Ukrainian morale. They've turned the momentum in their favor for now. But toward what end President Vladimir Zelinsky says, the operation is intended to quote, push the war into the aggressor's territory.


And it's certainly done that, but we're not getting details, just bits and pieces. Some troops are posting a bit on social media. They show themselves tearing down Russian flags and villages they've captured or standing in front of road signs to indicate they've entered a town. So it gives us some clue. The Ukrainians are at least 10 miles inside Russia's kis region with unconfirmed reports. They've advanced may have advanced 20 miles or so in some places, but we still don't know what the objective is. But Isn't Ukraine taking a major risk with this operation inside Russia? Yeah, absolutely. The Ukrainians are cheering because it's going well so far, but the coming days are, are full of danger.


Ukrainian forces are already stretched very thin in the main battleground, the Donbass region in Eastern Ukraine, where the Russians are gaining ground. I spoke about this with Michael Kaufman. He's with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and visited the frontline areas back in June. This offensive carries with also significant risk. If Ukraine is struggling to hold its own prepared defenses on its territory, how's it going to hold a salient in KIS in Russian territory? So Greg, how has Ukrainian inflicted real damage? I mean, how hard would it be for Russia to get this territory back? Yeah, the Ukrainians found a vulnerable, lightly guarded spot on Russia's border, and they exploited it very quickly and rapidly.


There is now fighting inside Russia and and serious casualties on both sides, but you probably wouldn't call it a major damage at this point. President Vladimir Putin and the Russian military commanders say, reinforcements are moving into the KIS region and Russia will soon reclaim its border. But Russian military bloggers are extremely critical. They say this, this move is slow, disorganized, and doesn't inspire confidence. Tens of thousands of Russian civilians fled the area. They're complaining bitterly on social media. They say there was no warning of an attack, no organized evacuation. They had to flee. Now, Putin has promised these Russians who've lost everything for now a payment of 10,000 rubles, which is about $115.


Yeah, it's not the first time though that international attention has been focused on fighting and kirs. Tell us about the last time. Yeah, a that was in World War ii and it was raging in the summer of 1943. And Nazi Germany launched just a monumental attack against the Soviet army in the city of kis, the capital of the KIS region. Both sides mass, huge numbers of tanks, artillery and planes. They fought for more than a month. The combined casualties was in the hundreds of thousands, perhaps a million or more. Military historians call it the largest tank battle ever. And one of the largest battles of the war. The Soviets ultimately prevailed in what was a, a critical battle that contributed to the defeat of Nazi Germany.


That's NPR Greg Myy and Kyiv Greg. Thank you. Sure thing. Eh, From athletes on boats to gymnastics goats, it was a summer Olympics that pretty much had it all. Yeah. And the 2024 Paris games ended last night. Millions and millions of people watched the games on tv. I don't know about you a, but my family was, was among them. We saw the boats. We saw Simone Biles win again and again. We saw Cole Hacker come out of nowhere to win the 1500 meters. How did he even do that? The US had the most medals overall. Although China tied the Americans for the most golds, That hacker race.


I've watched it about a hundred times at least. Yeah. Yeah. Here to wrap it all up for us, as NPR sports correspondent Becky Sullivan, one last time from Paris. Becky, before we get to the big picture, still one thing to kind of resolve, and that's us gymnast Jordan Chiles questions about whether she'll have to give back her bronze medals. Yeah. Tell us. Tell us about that. Yeah. This is really a confounding situation. This all center's at the very end of the floor exercise final, which was one week ago today. Chiles US gymnast was awarded bronze after last minute score inquiry by her coach had boosted her score by a 10th of a point, which in gymnastics was enough to boost her from fifth place into third place over a Romanian gymnast. Then Romania protested.


They claimed the inquiry had come too late. And over the weekend, an independent arbitrator agreed, there is a one minute deadline to make this kind of inquiry for Jordan Child's position. Child's coach, this arbitrator said, filed that inquiry, four seconds too late. And so the final results were revised. Yesterday, Olympic officials said child would have to return the bronze and then twist. All of this could go out the window. Maybe USA gymnastics says they have video evidence that the inquiry was in fact filed on time, meaning the score should stand. They have challenged the ruling. This still has a way to go before it's resolved. If it was me, I wouldn't know where, what I'd do with the bronze medal. I, I don't know where. I don't know where I put it. It's too bad. IOC. Okay. Now, Becky, now that the games are over, how did it all go?


You know, I think for the US it was good. You guys mentioned some of those highlights. I mean, a little bit of disappointment in the pool, a little bit of disappointment here and there on the track. But I, I think overall, the terrific games for the US, a lot of huge wins. And here in Paris, the mood is that this was a huge success too. I mean, for all the fuss that you heard from the French about, about the Olympics and how annoying it was gonna be, they ended up being very into it. I mean, you couldn't go anywhere around town these past two weeks without seeing people decked out in their France gear. The tricolor flags painted on their cheeks. And then the TV audiences, as you say, millions of people watched, they had actually cratered for the last summer Olympics in Tokyo back in 2021 this year. They were back. NBC reported that the overall audience was up 77% over the last Olympics, which is just massive.


So what, if anything, of all the things sticks out to you Of anything, will, anything. So many things. I mean, I got to see some of the greatest athletes of a generation compete that included biles, like you said, Katie Ledecky, the French swimmer, Leon Rashand, the Swedish Pole Vaulter, Armand DUIs. I mean, those guys were incredible. And you know, two and a half weeks ago, a, you and I were talking about the NBA star, Steph Curry, who was appearing in his first Olympic games. Oh yeah. He talked about wanting to quote, be where his feet were and like take it all in. And he did. He introduced the table tennis, his team to other NBA players. He went to see gymnastics. He traded autographs and pins, and of course he won the gold medal. Here's how he reflected on that From start to finish, being a fan of other athletes winning gold medals, being at medal ceremonies at gymnastics, it's like it's all inspiring and it's all about representing your country the right way.


And there's just this different sense of pride being on that podium, getting your gold medal. And even though a lot of us aren't winning gold medals, I think people felt that way. Proud to root for Americans. I had a lot of fun being here. A, I hope you guys had fun watching. That's NPR r's. Becky Sullivan. Becky, if you and I maybe can meet up in LA 2028, I'll let you buy me lunch. Sounds great. It's a plan. NPR r's, Becky Sullivan. Thanks. And that's a first for Monday, August 12th, IMY Martinez. And I'm Steve Inskeep. Your next listen is consider this from NPR. Sounds kind of pushy when I say that, but I would encourage you to listen next to consider this, or at least consider it because accidental overdoses are now the number one cause of death for young adults in the United States.


A problem on campuses where it often goes unreported. So how prepared are colleges and students for this threat? Listen to consider this. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Greg Dixon, Nick Spicer, Russell Lewis, Jana Williams, and Mohamed El Bari. It was produced by Zid bch, Nia Dumas, and Nina Kravinsky. We get engineer support from Andy Hether And. our technical director is Stacey Abbott. Join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast? Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org.


That's


plus.npr.org. This message comes From, NPR r sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like The power to do investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member, SIPC,


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Enbridge. Enbridge delivers the energy life demands safely, reliably, and sustainably. Since 2002, Enbridge has committed more than $7 billion to renewable energy and power transmission projects. So you have the energy you need today while being ready for what's ahead. Learn more@tomorrowison.com.