
I'm Aisha Roscoe, and this is The Sunday Story where we go beyond the news to bring you one big story. Three years ago this week, the Supreme Court issued a historic ruling overturning Roe v. Wade, the case that gave women a constitutional right to abortion. The biggest Change to abortion rights in the United States in nearly half a century is Here. The Supreme Court upended nearly a half century of legal precedent. Since that decision, nearly 40% of states have passed laws either banning or further restricting abortion. But even with these new restrictions, abortion rates across the country have actually been rising.


Women are still finding ways to have abortions, and one of the main ways is taking abortion pills. In fact, pills account for about two thirds of abortions in the US healthcare system. There's a surprising history to one of those abortion pills, and that's the focus of a three-part series. The Network produced by Futura Media and our colleagues over at Embedded the Network traces how for decades, a loosely connected network of women across the Americas have helped people access abortions despite restrictions in bans. They've done this by providing each other with pills and support outside the formal healthcare system.


The series also explores the pushback that these women have faced from abortion opponents. When we come back, I sit down with the host of the series, Marty Martinez and Victoria Estrada. They traveled to Brazil, Argentina, and eventually to the US to tell this story of abortion access. Regardless of legal restrictions,


Support for NPR and the following message come from Indeed, you just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed claim your $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash npr. Terms and conditions apply.


This message comes from Schwab. Everyone has moments when they could have done better. Same goes for where you invest. Level up and invest smarter with Schwab. Get market insights, education, and human help when you need it.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having Rinse. Do it for you with one touch. In app scheduling, pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear, handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse makes laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at Rinse dot com and save $20 on your first order.


We're back with The Sunday Story. I'm here with Marta Martinez and Victoria Estrada, host of the network, Marta and Victoria, welcome to The Sunday Story. Thank You for having us. Thanks for having us. Your series follows women all over the Americas as they support each other in accessing safe abortions in countries that partially or entirely restrict access to abortion. You start that story in Brazil. Why does the series begin there? So we started in Brazil because that's where a very important discovery happened in the mid 1980s. In the mid 1980s, abortion in Brazil was pretty much illegal, and it still is today actually.


And women were still having abortions, but they were using very unsafe methods, especially among poor women. Maternal mortality rates in Brazil were among the highest in the world, and abortion complications was one of the main causes. And yeah, while we were there, we talked with an O-B-G-Y-N, Valdo Albuquerque, and he told us that so many women came into his hospital with severe complications from botched abortions. I lived through a time when women got sick and died, died of infection, died of bleeding. Young women, extremely young women.


And then he noticed that something changed. Women were coming in with different symptoms and the symptoms were way less severe. We Had a downward curve in mortality, A Downward cure in abortion complications. And then there was a moment when you almost didn't see any complications of abortion at all. Women stopped dying. So Did he have any idea like what was happening? Yeah, women had figured something out. There was a stomach ulcer medication called cyto attack, that's the commercial name for misoprostol.


And cyto attack had recently come on the market in Brazil, and it had a clear warning, pregnant women shouldn't take it because it could cause a miscarriage. And so women who didn't wanna be pregnant realized they could take advantage of this side effect. They could take the pills to have an abortion. And actually the pills are very easy to access because it wasn't supposed to be used for an abortion. It's just this side effect that happened to women. But Cytotech pretty much like you could just go to the pharmacy and buy it. And what these women were doing is called self-managed abortion with pills. That means that they were getting these pills without a doctor prescribing them or supervising.


What do, do we know? Like who figured out that this stomach ulcer medication could be used for abortions? We actually don't. There's not one person who came up with this idea. And that's what's actually fascinating about this story. Through our reporting, we found out that across Brazil, which is a huge country, women were using this, this bill, and they were just selling each other. So there was this whole whisper network that was growing. Certainly we know that some pharmacists were involved, but the people we spoke with, they all said that it really was the women. It was the women themselves. And we also spoke to someone who took cytotech the first year it came on the market in Brazil, Say It was spreading by word of mouth In the story we call her by her initial R, because what she did was illegal.


R had actually two abortions in the 1980s. The first one was years before cyto tech was even available. She was in her early teens at the time, and she was really scared of her father, who she says had a gun. And her father had actually threatened her sister when he found that she had lost her virginity. So it was a real threat for our, she knew she couldn't keep the child for fear of what her father might do to her. So she ended up turning to a midwife who gave her an abortion that landed her in the hospital because she was bleeding so much. And doctors there told her that she had nearly perforated her uterus, My my goodness.


That was in the early eighties. This was before cyto attack came into the picture. And a few years later, our got pregnant again. And this time she heard about Cy attack. She was able to get the pills from the pharmacy. It was for gastritis. So they sold it at the pharmacy. Like water. You just go in and say, Hey, give me a box of Cytotech. Anyone could buy it. And the pharmacist gave her six pills and R took them and R told us that she started bleeding and she went to the hospital because that's actually what the pharmacist had told her.


If you start bleeding, go to the hospital. But when she got to the hospital, a doctor confirmed that she wasn't pregnant anymore. And between these two abortions, R saw a clear difference, the one through the midwife versus the one when she took the pills cyto attack on her own. The second time, I didn't have a lot of side effects. I didn't have a lot of bleeding. So it was safer for me. I felt more comfortable. So the first one almost killed her. The second one, she had a lot less complications, but was what she was doing was that actually safe with the cyto attack?


Today, we know that taking this pill to have an abortion is safe. It's been confirmed by institutions like the World Health Organization, but at the time, like these early years, R and the other women who took the pill didn't know that. And what's also very interesting is that women were figuring out how to use this pill cytotech very safely and effectively very quickly. And we spoke to a researcher who was studying abortion in Brazil in the early nineties. And she said that she was talking to women who were coming into the hospital who were bleeding, and it looked like they had done something to have an abortion. And the majority of them told her that they had used cyto attack, which is the commercial name of Misoprostol.


And this researcher, in a matter of months, she saw how women had figured out how to take cyto attack, how many pills, and what the right dose was and when to take it Well. What was the impact of this discovery in Brazil? Well, in a five year span, the maternal mortality rates fell by 21% according to the World Health Organization. And something we found through our recording is that some feminists and doctors even had a nickname for cytotech. They called it Saint to Tech because it was really saving so many lives. Valdo, the O-B-G-Y-N that we mentioned earlier, told us that this was really an incredible change.


Severe cases of infections, severe cases of hemorrhage, they disappeared. It seemed like magic or a better word, a miracle. So birth rates in Brazil also fell during this time. But the impact went far beyond Brazil because news about the pill really spread across Latin America because at the time, abortion was very heavily restricted across the board. And women who heard about this pill began to organize in countries with abortion bans. These women created their own alternative healthcare systems, so to say. They created groups that helped get the pills into women's hands.


They set up hotlines so that they could tell them about step by step how to take the pills. And they also publish manuals. Some women took on support roles and they were on call as, as the women were going through their abortion at any time of the day or night. And this is a method that's called accompaniment or accompaniment. And the effect of all this organizing was huge. And experts believe Misoprostol is now the most commonly used abortion pill in the world. And in the last few years, in part because of how women organized around the pills and abortion access more generally. There's been a wave of political change in countries like Mexico, Columbia, and Argentina, which we talk about in the podcast.


A as an American, I mean, it's hard not to make connections with this story and this history. Brazilian women who came up with this method, they were living under abortion bans. And a lot of women in the US today are also living under abortion bans. That's right, Aisha. And actually, since Roe was overturned in 2022, self-managed abortions with bills, this method that Brazilian women invented pretty much 40 years ago has gotten way bigger in the us. When we come back, we'll talk about how this discovery from Brazilian women decades ago is affecting women in the US today.


Stay with us.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Ooo. Some describe ooo like a magic beanstalk because it scales with you and is magically affordable. Ooo, exactly what a business needs. Sign up@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


This message comes from the nature conservancy. Nature is common ground for everyone and uniting to protect nature can help solve today's challenges and create a thriving tomorrow for future generations. Discover why at nature.org/npr


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Mint Mobile. This summer, chill to Mint Mobile's premium wireless service on the nation's largest 5G network. Skip breaking a sweat and breaking the bank. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and text. Get your summer savings at Mint Mobile dot com slash npr. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required equivalent to $15 a month. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


We're back with The Sunday Story and I'm talking to Marta Martinez and Victoria Estrada. They are the host of the new series, the Network from Embedded and Futuro Media. Before the break, we were talking about how self-managed abortion with pills became popular in a country with abortion restrictions. And now the US is one of those places. So what is that pill's history here in the us? Actually, we have heard stories that women were taking these pills as early as in the nineties, and they were self-managing their abortions. In the nineties, we actually talked to a doctor in the Bronx who saw patients come in in a very similar situation, like in Brazil in the eighties, which is women were coming in bleeding, and they told the doctor that they had taken this pill.


It was mostly immigrants and people coming from Latin American communities. But in the United States, it wasn't widely popular activists who had seen self-managed abortion and how safe it was to take these pills in Latin America or in other parts of the world. They were trying to tell the Americans about it, but they often met resistance. A lot of people didn't think that it was relevant for a country that did have a legal right to abortion, right? Roe v Wade was the law of the land. Also, some thought that it was just dangerous, kind of like, you know, taking a step backwards into this back alley abortion idea, Right?


But then state laws started to chip away at roe. And eventually in 2022, we know that Roe was overturned. So women no longer had a federal right to abortion. And we reported how there was a huge demand for abortion in state where it was banned or very restricted. So the network, this group of women helping support women have abortions with pills. It's really started to grow here in the US and it actually looks quite a bit like it had in Latin America today. In the US there's hotlines, there's organizations that mail people pills, and there's even accompaniment networks.


Although here a lot of people who do accompaniment call themselves abortion, doulas It. So here in America, people who want abortions typically go to a doctor, you know, the trained professional who can oversee the process. So, so what did doctors think about people self-managing with a pill instead of going to them? A lot of doctors who heard about self-managing also thought that it was very dangerous. And one doctor we spoke to is Maya Bass. I didn't think it was safe. You know, as doctors were risk adverse and we like control. Maya had been prescribing abortion pills for years, but part of that process included ultrasounds, blood tests, you know, a whole protocol which she believed was in place to keep her patient safe.


But eventually she changed her mind about self-managed abortion because she learned about de gate's worth of research showing that it was safe And that it worked. Research that had been conducted in many parts of Latin America, in Africa, and in many parts of Southeast Asia as well. And that challenged her to reconsider what safety really meant. Realizing that I was unnecessarily putting people through hoops. That's hard. And then I felt also excited slash maybe relieved like this means that I can be less scared for people who are doing this. Maya even ended up helping people self managed their abortions.


She volunteered on a hotline that is run by doctors. And in our reporting, we found that lots of other doctors have changed their mind. In the last few years too, major medical institutions have put up statements in support of self-managed abortion with pills. This is taking pills without a doctor's oversight. And one of those institutions is the World Health Organization and also the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Some doctors also took really active steps to support patients getting access to the pills. They started prescribing them from states where abortion was legal to patients. In states where it's banned, I, I have to imagine that for those who oppose abortion, that they are not happy about these kind of loopholes or workarounds that people are finding to these bans.


What kind of pushback is this network in the US seeing right now? Yeah, we, we found that state lawmakers have been proposing and sometimes passing laws that restrict access to the pills, and they make it a crime to give the pills to other people. If you aren't a doctor, something a lot of people don't realize, it's that it's not illegal to self-manage your abortion with pills that's in every state except one Nevada, which only explicitly bans it after 24 weeks. Yeah, I mean I, I don't know that I knew that I, I thought if they said it was illegal, it was illegal that an abortion ban is a ban on having an abortion.


It's not Right. It's actually not. It's actually a ban on doctors to perform abortions. And that's changing. Now, we talked to a lawyer that told us that prosecutors have realized that these bans won't stop people from having abortions. So abortion opponents have broadened their legal strategy, meaning that, for instance, states have passed laws that make it harder to get the pills and also laws that go after people who support anyone having an abortion. And those tend to be also not specific at all about what it entails. And one of the big changes that advocates are tracking is that some women are being criminally charged for having abortions or suspected abortions.


A couple have even gone to jail, and the restrictions are making it more risky to self-manage or help someone through it. Activists are doing what they can to minimize the risk. We also found that within the network, within this loosely connected group of people, some people are teaching women what not to do, to incriminate themselves. Sometimes this means communicating about pills over encrypted apps, but it also can mean role-playing in the event that women taking pills have complications, which are very rare, though they can happen. Activists coach them on how to talk to medical staff so that the police don't get involved, especially in states where abortions are banned.


Right. And this is part of the reason why we decided to call the series the Network and Not the Pill, because it's really about all the connections women formed among each other that despite restrictions and bans has helped them access medically and legally safe abortions. So let's, let's be clear, these pills we're talking about play in an integral role in maternal healthcare by some estimates, as many as 20% of known pregnancies end in miscarriage, and many of these miscarriages are treated with these pills. That's exactly right. Aisha. Yeah, misoprostol has a lot of medical uses.


Of course, it's used for helping after a miscarriage, but it's also used for inducing labor and preventing hemorrhaging. And in Louisiana we've seen some new restrictions on this drug. And doctors there are really opposed to that because it makes it harder for them to take care of their patients. So. So based on all of your reporting, what do you think the impact of, of the network that helps women self-manage abortions, what will the impact be in the us, especially if anti-abortion groups are trying to make access to these pills more difficult? So in the US the idea that You can have an abortion without doctors is new for a lot of people.


And so of course there are situations where self-managing an abortion is not an option and you need medical supervision or intervention. But our reporting has shown that in the vast majority of cases, it is safe for women to self-manage their abortions with pills. And something else we found is that when people learn about self-managing, it also becomes not just the last resort, but some people may even choose it, even if they live in a state where abortion is legal and they have access to a clinic. We saw this in Argentina for example. Even though abortion is now legal there, tens of thousands of people have self-managed with the support of an accompaniment network rather than go through the public health system.


We spoke to the former vice president of Planned Parenthood Global. Her name is Dee Redwine, and she's an American, but she worked for 30 years in Latin America and saw how self-managed abortion with miso spread around the region. And she sees parallels to what's happening in the US since Dobbs, the Supreme Court case that overturned Roe. The irony of this post Dobbs world is that if it goes the way that I think it will, which is what I saw in Latin America, in some ways, abortion ironically will become more accessible, but less legal. I, I mean, that's quite a statement, especially in, in the US where the fight over abortion has really taken place in the court so much.


The idea that abortion opponents might have won the legal battle, but access could still expand across the country. And that's what happened in Latin America as well. So we do have a, a history that we can learn from And that could also tell us a little bit more about what can happen in the United States. That's Marta Martinez and Victoria Estrada. They are the host of a new series, the Network, the whole series is out now. You can find it in the embedded podcast feed. Marta Victoria, thank you so much for sharing your reporting. Thanks so much for having us, Aisha. Thank you.


Aisha, If you want to hear more of NPRs coverage of abortion this week, our friends over at NPRs through line have the story of abortion in America before Roe v. Wade, and it's been a minute, is running a series this week looking at the cultural, legal and ideological frameworks shaping reproductive health in America and what it means for the future of our families. The network is a joint production between embedded and Futuro Media. This episode of The Sunday Story was produced by Andrew Mambo and Ariana Garib Lee. It was edited by Leanna Strom and Reyna Cohen. It was engineered by Maggie Luther.


The Sunday Story team also includes Justine Yan and Jenny Schmidt. Our fellow is Andrew Snick. Our executive producer is Irene Nucci. I'm Aisha Roscoe. Upfirst is back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsor one Password. Protect your digital life with one password. If you're tired of family members constantly texting you for the passwords to streaming services, one password lets you securely share or remove access to logins, access from any device anytime. One password lets you securely switch between iPhone, Android, Mac, and PC with convenient features like autofill for quick sign-ins. Right now, get a free two week trial for you and your family at one password.com/npr.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses? At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@warbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you're tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees and free perks, Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees. Extra Mint Mobile for details.