
Boeing Star Liner Capsule has landed in New Mexico after a problematic test Flight, but it came back without its crew where we're left behind at the International Space Station. I'm Scott Simon. I'm Aisha Rosco. And this is upfirst from NPR News. NASA couldn't trust that the Star liners thrusters would not malfunction. We'll tell you what's next with the beleaguered spacecraft. Also competition with China, the Southern US border War in the Middle East. Where do former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris stand on these major issues? We'll hear from NPR correspondents covering those policy hotspots on what to listen for during Tuesday's debate.


So please stay with us. We've got the news you need to start your weekend.


This message comes from Rone, life moves fast, Rone moves with it. Rone is more than premium apparel. It's a commitment to performance, precision engineered for your journey. Every thread, every fiber is a catalyst for your pursuit of progress. Discover the future of a apparel grounded in performance. Take 20% off your first order in store or on rone.com/ upfirst. That's RHON e.com/ upfirst. Rone forever forward.


This message comes from BetterHelp. It's back to school time. And even if you haven't been to school in a while, you can still learn a thing or two, particularly about yourself. Therapy can help you do just that by helping you discover your strengths, set boundaries, and adopt new coping skills. And BetterHelp Online therapy is convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash npr to save 10% on your first month. That's better, HE p.com/npr.


This message comes From NPR r sponsor Capella University with their game-Changing FlexPath learning format. Capella empowers you to fit education into your life without putting other priorities on hold. FlexPath lets you set your own deadlines and adjust them. If something comes up and depending on your schedule, you can take courses at your own speed and move on to the next one. When you're ready, imagine how a flexible program can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu,


Boeing Starliner, space capsule, parachuted Back to Earth. Early today in New Mexico's White sand Space Harbor, The gun drop shaped capsule was supposed to work like a space taxi for NASA astronauts, But a slew of mechanical issues plagued its test flight and NASA officials ultimately decided to bring the spacecraft back home without its crew. Leaving the astronauts on the International Space Station N p's. Nell Greenfield. Bo has been following this story. Nell, thanks for being with us. Hey Scott. Thanks. The story of these two astronauts caught out in orbit has has captured a lot of attention. Remind us why they couldn't come home aboard the Starliner they took into orbit.


Well, basically NASA was worried about the spacecraft's thrusters. So, you know, thrusters are kind of important. They're how a spacecraft moves around and on the way of the station, some of the malfunctioned, although Starliner did dock as it was supposed to, and NASA and Boeing spent about two months analyzing data, testing hardware on the ground, trying to figure out what was going on. And NASA officials just couldn't get comfortable sending astronauts home in it. They Worried that thrusters might fail at some critical time. Yeah, exactly. I mean, clearly that did not happen. I mean, Starliner got back without a hitch. Their, their landing seemed to be almost flawless. But NASA has lost crews in the past, remember Columbia and Challenger.


And so, you know, when push came to shove, officials just did not want to take what could be seen as needless risks. Having Starliner back on the ground has got to be a relief for Boeing has been somewhat chagrined over what's happened. Yeah, I mean it's somewhat of a vindication. I mean, apparently things got pretty tense when NASA was trying to decide what to do about the return and the astronauts. But even though Starliner had this great landing, Boeing is still gonna have to watch its crew, its first crew going home in a rival company's capsule, a a a spacecraft built by SpaceX. And the astronauts are still stuck there for several months, aren't they? Next year, February, they're stuck there till February.


But NASA keeps saying they're not stranded. Don't say they're stranded because in an emergency they could get home. I mean, the station's crew has kind of jerry rigged a couple of extra seats in a capsule that's docked there now, so they could evacuate if they needed to. And I happen to know 'cause it's been reported, they, they didn't pack for such a long stay, did they? No, no. Although, you know, NASA says the station has plenty of food and clothes and other supplies. There's sort of automated cargo flights, so you know, they're okay. And I mean, Butch Wilmore and Sonny Williams are experienced astronauts. This is just kind of part of the job. I mean, they knew it was a test flight and they're also already helping out with the station chores and science experiments.


They've both spent, you know, long missions in space before. Yeah. What, what happens next with Starliner? Do we know? So NASA and Boeing will keep looking at the thrusters. They'll take the spacecraft back, look it over, they'll analyze how the thrusters performed on the return trip. And you know, NASA officials have been asked by reporters, what would you wanna see before letting people go up in Starliner again? And they've just said, it's too soon to know. They gotta look at everything and think about it. What are the implications for NASA if Boeing is having these problems with what was supposed to be a reliable vehicle? Well, the whole point of NASA's commercial crew program was to have, you know, the industry take over routine trips to space.


And so basically they funded both Boeing and SpaceX to develop what are effectively space taxis and SpaceX vehicles have been operating for several years now. And so NASA has that. And besides, you know, it's unclear how long the space station is even gonna be there. NASA has plans to keep it open until for how long? Till 2030. They've committed until 2030. I mean, NASA is really focused on the moon. The agency wants to put the first woman and the first person of color on the moon, and that's their focus. N pne. Greenfield Boys, thanks so much for being with us. Thank you. There's been a lot of focus on domestic issues so far in this election.


Access to abortion, inflation, gun laws, you get the point. But both Vice President Harris and former President Trump will have to make their positions on some pretty major foreign policy issues. Clear? That's right. And in the debate on Tuesday, voters could hear from them on how they'd respond to things like China's increasing economic and military strength. We're joined by NPR correspondence, who cover those regions and the consequences of US policies there. Ada Peral in Mexico City. Ada, thanks for being with us. Hey Scott. Hey, Troi in Dubai. Good to have you here. Thank you Scott and John Ruic who covers China. Good morning John. Good morning. Eder, let's begin with you, because of course the region you cover is so directly tied into what's a key domestic issue in this election?


Immigration, what are you gonna be listening for on Tuesday? Yeah, I mean if you, if you listen to the last debate, former President Trump and President Biden, the only way that Latin America came up was through immigration and drug trafficking. And I would bet we'll hear the same this time around, we'll hear a fairly shallow debate that focuses on immigration enforcement, who's tough, who's not tough. But I bet what we won't hear is a discussion of root causes. And the reason so many people are on the move here in this hemisphere is because in many ways Latin America is on fire. We have all out chaos in Haiti, a political crisis in Venezuela, collapsed economy in Cuba. In Nicaragua, we have a state that keeps banishing all of its opponents.


And in El Salor we have the rise of this new age authoritarian leader. Like in Europe, the post Cold war order is shifting and it's causing chaos and migration is just a symptom. I would like to hear a diagnosis from former President Trump and Vice President Harris. A let, let me get you to take a look at the Middle East. What do the countries in the region think of as the real current policy differences between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump? I think it really depends who you ask. So if you look obviously at the biggest issue right now in the region, which is the war in Gaza, many Israelis really do see a partner and a friend in President Joe Biden, who has stood by Israel throughout this war.


and that continues through, you can hear it in Paris's words, but also President Trump is seen as a staunch ally of Israel. You know, he moved the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. He recognized the Golden Heights as Israeli territory. So there's not much seen as so different when it comes to Israel though, when you look at what the Arab countries view, what the Middle Eastern countries view like the Egypt or or the Gulf countries, they see there are some differences in policies, but overall, especially when you ask the Palestinians, they see more of the same, which is staunch, unequivocal support for Israel. What about the increased military presence in in the Middle East? How's that being viewed in the Gulf States in Iran? Well, if you recall, like at the beginning of Biden's presidency, he had really wanted to pivot towards China and sort of disengage the US a bit from the Middle East, from Afghanistan and Iraq and all these wars that the US had been mired in.


And this war has really dragged the US back in. And so here I am in the Gulf. You know, there's a lot of concern about the attacks that are happening on ships in the Red Sea by the Houthis. There's a lot of concern about Iran and how it might respond to the assassination of Haes as leader when he was there by Israel. There's a lot of concern about what could come next because no one can really control right now. No one has control over the levers of where this is headed. And there we still don't see a ceasefire on happening. And so things can really, really deteriorate quickly, whether that's before the elections or after John Ru, which what, what's your sense of what China sees as being at stake in this election? Well, for Beijing, this election is being seen in the context of the broader relationship and the trends in that relationship.


And the China US relationship has been increasingly competitive, increasingly adversarial in recent years. And Beijing believes that there is this sort of broad support in the US for a tough on China approach. To the extent that China comes up in the debate, it seems pretty likely that it'll be in a sort of muscle flexing, almost chest thumping type of way. I asked Ryan Hass about this, he's with the Brookings Institution. The leadership in Beijing views both as problematic to China's long-term interest and ambitions. And I think they assume that America's domestic politics will provide a constraint upon the decision-making space of any president in the current context. That Said, he thinks there are differences that Beijing's parsing between these two candidates.


Trump, you know, has been talking about imposing new and sweeping tariffs on Chinese goods. Harris has said a lot less about China and is less well known, although her foreign policy positions including on China, appear to be pretty consistent with the Biden administration's policies. Either way, Beijing's planning for all kinds of possible post-election scenarios, the least likely of which is that relations are gonna miraculously improve under a new president. John, what do you think Beijing's listening for when it comes to the issue of Taiwan? The US came to the defense of Ukraine after all. Yeah, you know Taiwan's interesting. There does seem to be some daylight between Harris and Trump on this. As far as Trump's concerned. He seems to be pretty, pretty transactional on Taiwan. And he has said in the past that Taiwan is quite far from the US and very close to China.


He's also questioned why the US would help Taiwan defend itself at all, given that it's so far away and suggested that Taiwan should be paying for it. Harris again hasn't said a ton on Taiwan and what she has said over the years has been quite close to Biden administration policy on Taiwan. She's met Xi Jinping once and actually a group of Democratic congresswoman visited Taiwan in August and said that she's likely to continue with Biden's policies towards Taiwan, which is interesting because Biden has explicitly said the US would help defend Taiwan. Let me ask each of you, are there issues in the region you cover that are just not getting the, the attention that they might merit? Right now? Let's begin with you Ada Pearl in Mexico City, Mexico.


I mean, it just doesn't get enough attention. And right now this country is on the cusp of amending its constitution. Critics say that it's gonna mean the end of judicial independence and Mexico is not just the neighbor to the United States, it is also its biggest trading partner. These decisions could have huge economic consequences for the free trade agreement between Canada, the US, and Mexico, which is also by the way, the biggest market in the world. So beyond democracy, we should be hearing about Mexico because of economic ties with the United States and what this constitutional amendment could mean to those ties In Dubai. You know, the number one issue that has constantly come up, especially with a democratic president, with regional leaders here, and one that the US was proud to bring up was human rights.


And I think that that has completely taken a back seat now with this war. You know, we don't hear about anymore about human rights concerns with Saudi Arabia. We hear about normalization, we don't hear anymore about human rights concerns in Egypt. We hear about Egypt as a mediator and its importance and these human rights crackdowns are continuing. They haven't slowed down. There are people serving, you know, decades in prison over tweets and social media posts and journalists being jailed. And the thing is, the US also has lost a lot of credibility in the eyes of so many of these human rights activists who may have looked to the US to advocate for their cause and to speak out because of the huge civilian death toll in the Gaza Strip. Much of that by US weapons. John Rui, what's the view in Beijing?


I think something that's very interesting to watch is gonna be Chinese influence operations. You know, there's new research out over the past week or so by an intelligence company called Graphica that says there's a Chinese state backed social media influence operation that's impersonating US voters, but get this, they're not out to influence the election one way or another for Harris or Trump. They don't have a preferred candidate, apparently. They're just trying to sow discord to discredit the candidates on both sides to portray the US as a declining power with weak leaders and a failing system of government. And this is linked to that broader competition between the US and China that is going to outlast the next president and probably the president after that.


Lemme ask you all the way in, does the US opinion and power have the same weight that it used to? I mean, Scott, in in Latin America, the US used to run Latin America. They orchestrated coups and installed puppet governments. And I think today the US looks paralyzed in this region. In a lot of ways they have been unable to affect change in Venezuela. President Nikola Malu, who the US has called illegitimate for years is still president. And in Haiti where the US has been an occupying force in the past, they have been ineffectual first at organizing an international force to go into the country. And now they have been unable to get that force to actually do something to change what's happening.


The chaos in Haiti on the ground, You know the US is still the main supplier of weapons to this region and it continues to be the superpower here in the Middle East. However, you have seen Saudi Arabia and the UAE buck the US on on several policy issues and turn to China and turn increasingly to Russia and keep their business open and their doors open to Russia, not engage in sanctions as the US would've liked them to do. And also with China. China, don't forget brokered the reproachment between Saudi Arabia and Iran. It wasn't the US that did that. Yeah, and and John Ruit that that feeds into the China U cover, doesn't it? Yeah, it does.


In Asia, the US has absolutely been a force for security and stability over the past X number of decades. The competition with China though makes a lot of other countries in the region nervous, right? They want the US there for security, which China wants less of, but they want to continue to trade with China and have China be their biggest trade partner. The friction between China and the US these days, this idea of forcing countries, partners, allies, others to choose one or the other makes a lot of countries in the region nervous. NPRs Zader, Peralta in Mexico City, a Petro in Dubai, and China correspondent John Ruic. Thank you all so much for being with us. Thank you, Scott. Thanks so much, Scott. You Bet, Scott.


And that's upfirst for Saturday, September 7th. I'm Aisha Rosco. And I'm Scott Simon. Fernando Naro and Martin Patience produced today's podcast. Andrew Craig directed Our editors. Were Dee Parvez, Shannon Rhodes and Rebecca Davis. Hannah GL is our technical director with engineering support from Nisha Highness, Arthur Lauren and Ted Miba. Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Oliver is our executive producer, and Jim Kane is our deputy managing editor. Tomorrow on the podcast. Designated Wilderness areas are usually intended to be free from human habitation and intervention, but climate change and the catastrophes it brings might be changing that Should humans intervene or should we let Nature handle itself For the latest on the biggest stories of the day, plus books, movies, and of course the puzzle.


Go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station so you can tune into, we Can edition every Saturday and Sunday morning. Aisha, I don't mean to put you on the spot, do they slip the answers to you? I play. I really play. I don't.


I Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks. Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes From NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. The Capital One Venture X Card earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy. Plus get access to a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. What's in your wallet terms? Apply details at Capital One dot com.