
President Trump's trade war prompted even more market declines, which he dismissed. I don't want anything to go down, but sometimes you have to take medicine to fix something. What's making investors panic? And why have the odds of recession gone up? I'm Steve Inskeep with a Martinez, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. The Trump administration has a midnight deadline to return a man deported to El Salvador, and what a federal judge called a grievous error. So why has the Department of Justice put its attorney on administrative leave? On day one, I issued a memo that you are to vigorously advocate on behalf of the United States. And a second child in Texas has died of measles.


It's not surprising that in an outbreak of this size that we are starting to see deaths. Stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you are tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees and free perks, Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available, taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


From media to tech to politics, the world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now@donate.npr.org.


Imagine If you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me yes, that is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


We find out soon just how much lower the world financial system may go. Markets have fallen since last Wednesday when President Trump launched a trade war against most of the world. Asian and European markets fell overnight and not by a little. Japan's sneak index dropped almost 8% of its value. Here in the United States, economists are increasing their odds of a recession. The investment bank, Goldman Sachs says, we're close to 50 50 odds. And in making that estimate, Goldman assumes that Trump will not go through with a plan for the biggest tariffs to hit on Wednesday. If that should happen, Goldman simply forecasts recession. NPR financial correspondent Maria Aspen joins us now with more US markets erased $6 trillion in value late last week.


Maria, what are we looking at this week? Well, last week was pretty terrible, but it's looking like this week may be even worse. By the end of last week, the Dow had fallen almost 8% with the other major indices tumbling even further. The tech having Nasdaq is now in a bear market, meaning it's fallen more than 20% from a recent high. And it's looking like the pain will continue today. We'll get a clearer idea later this morning when US markets open. But when the futures markets opened last night, meaning that traders could start putting in their orders to buy and sell, prices immediately turned red by early this morning. Dow futures were down around 1300 points or more than 3%.


And it's not just stocks, oil futures are down, and Bitcoin, which trades around the clock, is down below $77,000. Remember, it hit a hundred thousand dollars not that long ago, weeks after President Trump was elected on the industry's hopes for a more crypto friendly president. Well, yeah, I Remember a lot of Wall Street figures backed Trump last year. And what are they saying now? Well, wall Street has been slow to speak out, but today or last night, billionaire fund manager and Trump supporter Bill Ackman, who endorsed the president during last year's election, has warned on X that the US is destroying confidence in the US as a place to do business. And he's called for a 90 day pause on tariffs to avoid what he calls economic nuclear war.


And he is just one of many people sounding the alarm. NPR last night talked to Mark Zandy, chief economist at Moody's Analytics. He says, wall Street is panicked. Investors are very nervous about what's going on. I'm sure they're calling lawmakers and the White House to pressure them to come to some kind of terms with other countries over these tariffs bring this true global trade war to an end because if they don't, soon the economy is gonna go into recession And he's hardly alone with that warning, the investment bank, JP Morgan also warned last week that if Trump keeps the tariffs, they could push the US and the world into a recession. Even if things don't get that bad, this current market selloff could have real consequences and real pain for most consumers.


About 60% of US households own stocks and a lot of people have their retirement accounts and other long-term savings invested in the market. And also, let's not forget, these new tariffs are widely expected to raise prices on almost everything that Americans import. Okay, So a lot of warnings from Wall Street for the president. What has he said about the market sell off? Trump has mostly shrugged it off. Yesterday, commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick told CBS that the tariffs are here to stay. And then last night Trump was asked by reporters about how much pain he'd be willing to tolerate. And this is what he said. I, I think your question is so stupid. I mean, I think it's said, I don't want anything to go down, but sometimes you have to take medicine to fix something.


But while Trump is calling these sweeping tariffs medicine, almost everyone else is warning that they are bad for consumers, investors, businesses, and the global economy. All right, that's NPRs Maria Aspen. Thanks a lot. Thank you. The Trump administration has until midnight to return a man who was deported to a mega prison in El Salvador. By mistake, A federal judge ordered the administration to bring back Chiara Armando Al Borrego Garcia, who was arrested and deported last month in what the judge described as an illegal act. The Justice Department is appealing that order and it placed the attorney.


You argued its case on administrative leave. NPR correspondent Joel Rose joins us now with more. So, Joel, let's start with the judge's order. What, why did she direct the Trump administration to bring him back? Yeah. The Trump administration has admitted that he was deported by mistake because of what they describe as an administrative error. Abrego Garcia had been living in Maryland for over a decade. He has a form of legal protection known as withholding of removal. In spite of that, ice officers arrested Abrego Garcia last month and a few days later he was deported to El Salvador along with hundreds of other men accused of being gang members. But the Justice Department argues there is nothing they can do now because Abrego Garcia is already out of the US Federal District. Judge Paulines rejected that argument.


She found that his arrest was wholly lawless. His ongoing detention in El Salvador in prison shocks the conscience. She noted that the US is paying El Salvador to hold these prisoners, and she ordered the Trump administration to bring him back to Maryland by midnight tonight. Alright, What has the Trump administration side, They are not backing down? The White House insists that Abrego Garcia is a member of the Salvadorian gang called MS 13. Though his lawyers deny that, they say that allegation dates back to the time he was arrested in 2019 in the parking lot of a Home Depot. His lawyers say the gang allegation is based largely on a confidential informant who accused Abrego Garcia of being a member of the gang in New York, which is a state where he has never lived.


Abrego Garcia's lawyer say he has no criminal record in any country. Nevertheless, the White House has doubled down calling Abrego Garcia, a leader in MS 13 and a convicted gang member. But if the Trump administration has evidence to support that, they have not put it on the record in this case. Judge Zini said during the hearing that without any evidence like a criminal indictment or complaint, these gang allegations are just quote unquote chatter. Joel, I saw over the weekend the Justice Department put the attorney who argued the case on Friday on administrative leave. Why? Why? Why did that happen? This is remarkable. The Justice Department lawyer, EZ Veni, argued the case on Friday. Veni has argued many cases on immigration for administrations of both parties, and he had some very candid answers for Judge Zinis.


The judge asked him why the administration did not try to return to Braigo Garcia to the US when they first learned about this mistake. Veni said he had asked his clients inside the Trump administration the very same thing. And that quote, I have not received to date an answer that I find satisfactory. The next day he was put on leave administrative leave by the Justice Justice Department. Here is Attorney General Pam Bondy explaining why yesterday on Fox News Sunday, I firmly said on day one I issued a memo that you are to vigorously advocate on behalf of the United States. He shouldn't have taken the case. He shouldn't have argued it if that's what he was gonna do. So Joel, what? What's happens now? The Justice Department is appealing.


They argue that courts do not have jurisdiction over this case because Abrego Garcia is in the custody of El Salvador. And essentially there is nothing that Judge Zines can do. The Justice Department is asking the fourth Circuit court of appeals for an emergency stay, but if they do not get one, that midnight deadline will still be in place. And then the big question is whether they will comply with it. Alright, that's NPR r's. Joel Rose. Joel, thank you. You're Welcome. A second child in Texas has died of measles. According to state health officials, Health and human services, secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr.


Attended the child's funeral on Sunday and identified the child as 8-year-old Daisy Hildebrand. Until this year, the United States had not reported a measles death for nearly a decade. Now, an outbreak senate in Texas has 481 confirmed cases. NPRs Maria Goodo has been following all this for us. So Maria, the second child to die of measles this year, we've learned that she died on Thursday. What else do we know about her? Well, Texas health officials say the girl was not vaccinated and had no reported underlying health conditions. She was hospitalized after getting sick with measles, and she died from what doctors described as measles pulmonary failure, which basically means the lungs can't really provide enough oxygen anymore.


And And is this a, a common complication from the measles? You Know, measles is a respiratory illness and it can often lead to serious lung complications, including pneumonia and super infections of the lung, as well as other complications like brain swelling, vaccines work so well that many of us have forgotten just how devastating measles can be. This latest death serves as a terrible reminder. I mean, so, so how worried should people be for the possibility of more deaths? Well, before the first measles vaccines were developed in the early 1960s, measles used to kill four to 500 people in this country. Every year, even now, about one or two out of every 1000 measles cases are fatal. I spoke with Dr. Adam Ratner, he's a pediatric infectious disease specialist in New York, and he is unfortunately not surprised by these fatalities.


Every time a child gets the measles, you roll the dice and you have a one in a thousand or a two in a thousand chance of that child dying. And so it's not surprising that in an outbreak of this size that we are starting to see deaths. Ratner says these are deaths that vaccines could prevent. And you know, vaccination rates have been trending downwards nationwide for several years. He says, especially in areas like Gaines County, Texas where the outbreak is centered and where vaccination rates are just above 80%, that just sets the stage for outbreaks because measles is extraordinarily contagious. Yeah. How, how has the Trump administration responded to all this? Well, secretary Kennedy traveled to Texas on Sunday in a post on X.


He said he went to console the family of the child who died. He said the CDC is deploying teams to Texas to help with the outbreak. And he called the measles vaccine quote, the most effective way to prevent the spread of measles. And that is notable because in prior statements, he's called vaccines a personal choice. But in another post Sunday, Kennedy praised doctors use of treatments that have no evidence to support them when it comes to measles. And you know, meanwhile, President Trump was asked about the outbreak on Sunday night. He downplayed the size, but he said, if it progresses, the US will have to take what he called very strong action. And I should note that we are seeing these outbreaks at a time when the administration has moved to cut more than $11 billion in public health funding to states.


So more, I mean, what's what now with measles in the us? Well, so measles was declared eliminated in this country in 2000, but this year we have five states where measles is currently spreading. In fact, the US has already seen more than 600 measles cases this year. That's more than double the number of cases it reported in all of last year. And it's only April As NPRs Maria Gado. Thank you very much, Maria. My pleasure. And that's Upfirst for Monday, April 7th. I'm e Martinez. And I'm Steve Inskeep. Your next listen is consider this from NPR. We hear it Upfirst give you three big stories of the day and our colleagues who consider this dive into a single news story and what it means to you in less than 15 minutes.


Listen on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode, Upfirst was edited by Carol Platoni, Russell Lewis, marks Silver, Lisa Thompson and Jana Williams. It was produced by Ziad Butch Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Nisha Ness and our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential Power, aging, and Evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


There was Barb Inheimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four Superman, for a guide to the movies and TV we are most excited about this summer. Listen to the Pop Culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.