
A survey asked voters to grade President Trump's first 100 days in office. Some gave him an a while. The most common grade was F. What is working for the president and how do some voters think he's falling Short? I'm Steve Inskeep with a Martinez, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. The president campaigned on a promise of retribution and also blurred what he meant by that. 100 days. In NPR has a list of people and institutions. The president has targeted using government power. Also, the US has deported or detained college students who advocated for Palestinians. NPR visited one in detention. I want the American people to see this too, to see this level of injustice.


Stay with us. We've got all the news. You need to start your day From media to tech, to politics. The world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now@donate.npr.org.


Imagine If you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NBRs. Wait, wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


There was Barb Heimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four Superman for a guide to the movies and TV. We are most excited about this summer. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR.


Hey, it's report card day. Yeah. Now if that brought back feelings of anxiety from when you were in school, relax, you are not being graded. But the president is more Than 1400 respondents to an NPR PBS news. Marist Poll sent in their grades for President Trump's first 100 days, and the most common grade submitted for the president is F 45%. Gave him the failing mark. About a quarter of voters gave Trump an A. Let's hear now from senior political editor and correspondent Domen Montero, who's been analyzing the numbers. Domenico. So no one likes an F. I am very familiar with that grade, by the way, from my high school years. I don't believe you. It's true. But so I mean, why did so many respondents give him an F?


Well, It really looks like it has a lot to do with tariffs and the economy and just 39% approve of how he's handling the economy. That's as lowest mark ever for that, including for his first term and even lower 34% approve of his tariffs. Almost six in 10 say, Trump's tariffs on imports will hurt the economy. The percentage of people expecting prices to increase is up seven points from last month. Well, that's pretty damning. I mean, the economy is the most important issue for most voters, I would assume. Yeah, I mean, across all age groups, you know, whether it's men or women, the economy inflation that comes up over and over again. It was certainly the biggest issue in the 2024 election. And arguably there was no bigger reason that Trump won than his promises to bring prices down.


But the bottom line here is that people are sending a very clear message. They largely think these tariffs are a bad idea. Okay, now this disapproval of the president can't be just about the economy. Yeah, that's true. I mean, majority is disapprove of how he's handling most aspects of his job, actually from tariffs in the economy to foreign policy and immigration, which by the way had been a relative strength for Trump overall. Trump is down to just a 42% approval rating that's second only to himself in 2017 for the worst score for any president at the a hundred day mark. If you look at the numbers that Gallup has put together since Harry Truman, things can change. Some presidents who were very high at the a hundred point mark went down. Others like Bill Clinton, who was only at about 45% at a hundred days left office with a very high approval rating.


So we'll see what happens. But we're in very polarized times. I don't expect much to change people's minds. Trump's base, for example, remains very much intact and is giving him a long leash on things like tariffs because they believe in the long run they'll be good for the economy. Alright, Let's get into the sweeping changes trump's try to make to the government and and Elon Musk who's led the charge on that front. What do people think about that? Yeah, none of that is really popular. Either six in 10 say that they think that Trump is rushing to make changes. That's up five points from last month, about four in 10, though mostly Republicans think he's doing what needs to be done. Still. Overwhelmingly, the majority of Americans, 85% think that Trump should follow court orders, even ones he doesn't like. Think about things like his deportations and government restructuring through Doge.


That department of government efficiency that Musk has been heading up as for Doge and Musk themselves, both are also increasingly unpopular. Just 34% have a favorable view of Musk that's down five points from last month. In Trump's first a hundred days. Musk was at Trump's side a lot, but I think that Buddy movie A might be coming to an end soon. Not only is Musk unpopular, but his time as an informal government advisor is up at the end of next month. And Musk himself has said that he's gonna be spending less time on Doge given the 71% drop in profits at his company. Tesla. That's NPR R'S Dominico Montero. Thanks a lot. You're welcome.


The president campaigned for office promising retribution. During that campaign, critics and supporters alike warned that it's wrong for president to go after people he doesn't like. So Trump downplayed his promise saying his retribution would merely be success. Now Trump is president. In his first 100 days, the president has ordered the US government to target his personal political opponents as well as law firms, universities and others. And NPR analysis finds Trump has taken action against more than 100 people in institutions. NPR investigative correspondent, Tom Dreisbach compiled that list and is with us. Good morning, Tom. Good morning, Steve. Who exactly is Trump targeting? Yeah, It's a really wide spectrum of people and institutions that Trump has gone after.


It includes lawyers and law firms, often with ties to Democrats, political opponents, people who worked on investigations into Trump or the January 6th rioters, media companies, universities, and then also people who actually worked in the first Trump administration, but who Trump considers disloyal. And when we say targeted, what kinds of actions are involved here? So at maybe the harshest end are these criminal investigations. And Trump has actually ordered multiple Justice Department investigations right from the Oval Office. One of those investigations targets Christopher Krebs. He was a top cybersecurity official in the first Trump administration. Trump fired him back then for saying the 2020 election was safe and secure.


And here is what Trump said about Krebs earlier this month. He's the fraud. He's a disgrace. So we'll find out whether or not it was a safe election, and if it wasn't, he's got a big price to pay. Then there's Miles Taylor, who also served in the first Trump administration back then Taylor wrote this anonymous op-ed that said Trump was erratic and dangerous. Here is what Trump said about him. I think he's guilty of treason If you want to know the truth, but we'll find out. And I assume we're recommending this to the Department of Justice. Yes, sir. So Trump was not just ordering an investigation into Taylor, he was also effectively telling the investigators what he thought the outcome should be. Both Krebs and Taylor say they are being retaliated against for telling the truth.


It's striking to think about this, Tom, because Trump of course accused President Biden of using the Justice Department against him. Lawfare is what Republicans called it. He said that was wrong. Biden denied he was doing any such thing. Trump is openly doing that, openly doing the thing that he said was wrong. So what other government powers is he using? Well, we found the administration using more than 10 different agencies in various ways, not just the Justice Department, which we should say is also announcing criminal investigations into the Democratic governor and Attorney General of New Jersey over immigration policy. Trump has also pulled secret service protection for two of President Biden's children, hunter and Ashley Media companies that Trump dislikes are facing investigations from the FCC that includes NPR, we should say universities are facing investigations from the Department of Education.


International students who protested the war in Gaza have also faced ice detention and deportation. Well, what does the administration say about this? Well, they didn't respond to our request for comment for this story. And on the one hand, the White House says that Trump is ending what they call the weaponization of government, which you just mentioned. And when they're pressed on this issue though, and the fact that Trump is actually directing specific criminal investigations from the Oval Office, well, they say their investigations are merited and it's about accountability. What do the people targeted by the power of the presidency have to say? Well, some are very confident that trump's actions are unconstitutional and they won't hold up in court. In the cases of the law firms, for example, judges have actually blocked parts of the orders for violating the constitution.


One judge said it was a shocking abuse of power from the administration, but even the process of investigation can be stressful and scary. Law firms are losing clients. People have lost jobs and multiple sources said they could not talk with us because speaking out just puts a bigger target on your back. NPRs Tom Dreisbach is speaking about what he found in the facts of his reporting. Thanks so much. Thanks, Steve. In recent months, the Trump administration has locked up and tried to deport multiple students who advocated on behalf of Palestinian rights in the midst of the Israel Hamas war.


Our Co-host Le Lafa is in Vermont where she became the first journalist to meet with any of the students in the facilities where they are held. She's talked with Columbia University student Mosson Madi in the Northwest State Correctional Facility in St. Albans, Vermont. Madi is a green card holder, a permanent resident detained at what he thought would be his naturalization interview for citizenship. Layla joins us now from our member station, Vermont public. Layla Madi is a student at Columbia. Why was he in Vermont? Well, a, this is where he lives, where he calls home and I sat down with him in the state prison where he's being held since there are no immigration detention centers here.


And the first thing I asked when he walked into the room where I was waiting was, how are you? I am centered internally. I'm at peace. While I am still more deeply that this is a level of injustice that I am facing. I have faith. I have faith that justice will prevail. And when he says justice a, he means his release and his ability to stay in this country. His lawyers filed a petition in federal court here in Vermont, accusing government officials of violating his first amendment right to free speech and due process in what they argue is a policy by these officials to silence Palestinian rights advocates. Did he tell you about the day he was detained?


Yeah, I mean, it was kind of a rollercoaster. I mean, he's lived here for 10 years and he was on track to graduate next month with a bachelor's from Columbia. And he went to this meeting thinking he would finally become an American citizen after growing up in a Palestinian refugee camp in the Israeli occupied West Bank. He says he only understood the concept of freedom of movement or freedom of speech without retaliation from living here. But because he had watched the experiences of other students, he knew there was a risk. I see the risk, I see the opportunity, and I want the American people to see this too. See What? To see, this level of injustice that I am doing everything legally, that I have prepared and studied for the Constitution, And that I went willingly and respected the law.


And despite that, he says he's in prison. Although the government wasn't able to move him to Louisiana, like other students, at least not yet because of an injunction a judge granted here. And And what is the government saying about why they wanna deport him? Now? He's not charged with a crime. But as with most of these students, the government is invoking a rarely used immigration act. Court filings say his presence has adverse consequences for foreign policy. In this case, they say his presence would undermine the Middle East peace process and a policy to combat antisemitism. A letter for the Secretary of State was the only evidence the government submitted this week as proof of this. It did not elaborate on how his presence supposedly undermines Middle East peace or how he supposedly fueled antisemitism and And what have his lawyers said.


One of his lawyers, Luna Drewby, says The accusations are completely false and the government is quote, scraping the bottom of the barrel to punish students for the advocacy of Palestinian rights. Madi has been very vocal about his opposition to antisemitism and is part of peace initiatives with Israeli and Jewish students. Tomorrow the federal court here in Vermont will hear Moi's request for immediate release as this case continues. That's 10 P's Lela Fado. Lela, looking forward to hearing more of this on Morning Edition. Thanks a lot. Thanks. A-C-U-N-D-C Mark Carney has been elected as Prime Minister of Canada. According to the projections from the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, This was seen as a referendum on which candidate could best handle the United States under President Trump, who placed tariffs on Canada and sparked a wave of Canadian nationalism.


Carney defeated conservative party leader Pierre Poll F Poll F's. Momentum began to slip when former Prime Minister Justin Trudeau resigned earlier this year, which gave the liberals a lift. But the real boost came when President Trump began targeting Canada's economy and its sovereignty. Many Canadians were outraged by Trump's threat to make Canada the 51st state. And that's a first for Tuesday, April 29th. I'm e Martinez. And I'm Steve Inskeep. There's an easy way to stay connected to news and podcasts from the NPR network. It is the NPR app. You can hear community coverage from your local station, stories from around the world, and podcast suggestions based on what you like.


Download the NPR app wherever it is, you download apps. And we got one more thing for you today because you listen Upfirst, we're pretty sure you're the curious type. And since our friends at NPR Science podcast, shortwave are some of the most curious people we know, we think you would love to listen to them. They bring you new discoveries, everyday mysteries, and the science behind the headlines in under 15 minutes. Here's a great example, the risks and rewards of giving your kids melatonin. This is such a great podcast. You're listening to Shortwave from NPR. Hey, short wavers, Emily Kwang here. Okay, so possibly my favorite thing in the entire world is a good night's sleep. I mean, nothing makes a bigger difference to my mental and physical health.


Without quality sleep, we're less productive, grumpy, it can even affect our hearts. And for kids, sleep is crucial for physical, mental, and emotional development. But there are a lot of things keeping us awake these days. Screens, electronics, stress. Researchers say that like adults, kids are having problems falling asleep and staying asleep. So more and more parents are turning to a supplement called melatonin as a possible solution. It's like so many parents dream, which is like, is this the answer? Is there this one gummy or this one thing that can help me get through this part of the day? That can be really, really hard for parents and families.


Michael Olsen is a contributing editor at Undark Magazine where he writes and edits stories about science. And he recently looked into why more and more people are using sleep supplements, especially with their kids. Melatonin is a hormone, and it's one that our bodies produce naturally. It's part of the way that the body regulates its sleep cycles and gets you toward bedtime Every night. The pineal gland in our brain releases a bit of melatonin. So when people take synthetic melatonin in the form of a pill or a gummy, It also can have that experience of helping people feel a a little bit more, a little bit more tired, a little bit sleepy in ways that a lot of people find helpful for, for getting to sleep.


Melatonin is widely considered safe for adults in low doses and for kids with certain neurological and neurodevelopmental conditions that get in the way of a good night's sleep. I think it's really important to understand that when families are seeking to, to help their children get a better night's sleep, it's not just like an abstract health goal that they're trying to solve. They're often really speaking into very real challenges and very real problems that are affecting all parts of a family and are also really affecting their kids flourishing. But some experts worry that we don't know enough about how regularly taking melatonin affects kids in the long term.


So today on the show, melatonin and Kids, what the research says, how melatonin is being used and how to navigate obstacles for getting kids enough cs, I'm Emily Kwong and you're listening to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR. When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline.


We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IP Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


Do you think you have a DHD? You're not alone. After the pandemic hit, there was a huge jump in a DH ADHD diagnoses among adults. And at the same time, the internet is more and more obsessed with saying everything is a sign of it. You might to identify the red flags when a diagnosis goes viral. Listen to the, it's been a minute podcast today.


Okay, so Michael, we are talking today about melatonin. It is a hormone that the human body naturally produces, but I wanna hear more about the history of this supplement. This is synthetic melatonin that a lot of people have started taking and some people are giving it to their kids. When did people start taking melatonin? So you really start to see an uptick in people taking melatonin in the, in the 1990s. And there's this funny way in which you both have a lot of marketing and interest in it and research sort of coming and saying it. And at the same time, you have this moment when supplements are being deregulated in the United States, meaning Congress has gotten together and said, we're gonna put a lot fewer restrictions on supplements and make it easier to, to sell things and make claims.


You know, you could find these articles where people are like, whoa, melatonin is the new hot thing. What do we make of it? And there's anxiety around that and there's excitement around that. And it begins to be more widely used. And that's mostly for adults. When did children start to use melatonin? So A lot of the early news coverage or advertisements have something that says it's not for children. And then starting in the two thousands that kind of like the age floor begins to drop in this really interesting way, by the late two thousands, you start to see some news reports of parents using it. You start to see articles that are saying, well, maybe for like kids older than 10, this makes sense, but not for really small kids.


And over time that just kind of gets gradually lower and lower and lower. And even then it's, it's especially in the last few years that it seems to be that clinicians are reporting a real uptick in, in use. Yeah, A lot of melatonin packaging is just very friendly looking. I mean it, it's like these big bottles and the melatonin supplements come in sometimes very yummy flavors. Sometimes they're gummies. So is it really being marketed to kids in a very deliberate way? I would say it's being marketed to parents in a very deliberate way. Yes. Yeah. And it's the bottles, it's a lot of the language around saying melatonin is safe and drug free and non-habit forming.


Right. These are all terms that you hear coming up again and again in this marketing. Yeah. And I wanna add here, a key distinction you make throughout this reporting is that melatonin is not a vitamin, it is a hormone. Why is that distinction so important? So melatonin falls into this really weird in-between space, right? Where I think it's regulated as a supplement. And a lot of people think about it as being harmless and, and natural. And it's also something that's a prescription drug in a lot of the world, right? And it iss very much a drug. And I think there's like, legally it is not a drug legally it is classed as a, as a supplement.


And so it's legal to say that it's not a drug. But I, I think that that could create this weird thing where people think about it as being maybe a little different than what, how researchers and physicians describe it, which is they're like, it's a hormone, it's a hormone you take in order to change something in your, to sort of create a change in your body. And in that sense it certainly, even if it is not legally a drug, it certainly is kind of being used in like a drug and is acting like a drug. Yeah. Let's talk about the research. So obviously there's not enough, but for what is available, what do sleep scientists have to say about kids taking melatonin?


Sure. So as you just said, one thing they always say is there's not enough, which people say in almost every field it feels like It's true. We don't really know. We'd love to know more, but, but I think that this really is an area where, and this is something I heard again and again in interviews where there is a sense that there is very little research, especially on long-term effects of melatonin. Okay? The, there's kind of two ways to break down what the science says, right? Okay, what is this? What does the science say about Whether it works? And then what does the science say about whether it's safe? And in both cases, there's some uncertainty in terms of the, what the science says about Whether it works.


The evidence that exists definitely suggests that yes, it can help kids fall asleep a little bit earlier, maybe not dramatically earlier, but something kind of on the order of around 20 minutes, maybe a little bit more on average. And of course, that tracks with a lot of anecdotal evidence from parents who say it works, it helps, but there's also a question of whether children are actually better rested the next day. Hmm. And there again, there's actually some limited, there's not really that much evidence either way showing that children are actually better rested when they have taken melatonin versus they have not.


Now melatonin is considered fairly safe and benign in terms of overdose potential, but if there are side effects to melatonin, what are they? This is again, like such a big question to unpack, right? But it's there, there are, there, there are reasons to say, okay, it's, it's fairly safe. I wanna be careful not to, to generalize that. Okay. But one of the big questions is about short-term and long-term side effects. Okay. In terms of short-term side effects, they could definitely be there. The ones that are typically recorded on the scientific research tend to be pretty mild. But some researchers feel like that research hasn't been that comprehensive or rigorous And that it's possible that there are kind of immediate or short-term side effects that people just haven't, like, haven't really done a good job of, of tracking.


And then in terms of the long-term effects, right? Of children who are taking melatonin maybe four or five or six or seven times a week for years on end, that's a really big open question. And I think some scientists look at that evidence and say, we see that it's helpful for ev for families. We don't see obvious signs of concern. And it's, again, it can be really helpful for people and it's worth doing. It's, it's worth, you know, it's in many cases it's still worthwhile. And then I think there are a lot of researchers who look at this and say, based on that unknown, we should be cautious. Yeah. And the way that it's being used right now is many things, but it's not cautious.


And, and that's a problem. Was melatonin ever supposed to be taken long term? Because it seems like it's, it's, it was originally designed to be a sleep aid for a short term situation. Yeah. So I think we should kind of divvy this up for children in different situations, right? So I think for children with some neurodevelopmental differences that can significantly affect their ability to sleep autism in particular certain, yeah. Certain manifestations of a DH adhd. Okay. I think there has been more of a willingness to say, look, these are children who are having, in some cases a tremendous difficulty falling asleep, not sleeping or not sleeping well. Can be, can be, you know, can have some really negative long-term effects and it makes sense to perhaps use melatonin regularly.


Okay. In order to kind of, in order to do that, in order to be helpful, it Might be beneficial to them. I don't, Yeah, it might be beneficial. I think that the way that melatonin is used often right now, which is used regularly, used regularly, often for neurotypical children who are perhaps sometimes taking the hormone a few times a week or every night with very little sort of supervision or input from a medical professional is something that very few people intend. And even the supplement makers themselves will often include language that effect on their bottles. But there's a real disjunct between kind of where that consensus is and how I think a lot of people are actually using melatonin.


Okay. For all the desperate parents hanging on your every word, what are, what do experts suggest for kids who have trouble sleeping but they wanna try other solutions first? Yeah, And I, I wanna be really clear that I am not telling families like, don't use melatonin or this is definitely dangerous. And I, I like, I really don't want to be in any way sort of delivering that message. I think that parents have the right to know what debates among scientists look like and understand where there's uncertainty. And I also think that as parents, we're always having to, to weigh trade offs. This is just a huge part of, of parenting and lack of sleep is itself something that can be really hard on families.


And this makes sense. Like, I, I I don't want to suggest that this is a clear cut, like parents stop using melatonin. I think a lot of sleep experts, you know, perhaps predictably would say talk to a sleep expert. Hmm. And I think that one thing that they point out is that establishing good bedtime routines, doing things like avoiding screen time before, before bed steps like that can be helpful. And I wanna say, you know, I'm a parent who has implemented some of these behavioral interventions and still have deals with totally chaotic bedtimes with one of my children. And so I don't want, I I I recognize that this doesn't always work or it doesn't always feel like it's gonna work or it doesn't always sound realistic.


Well, we want kids to have a good night's sleep for sure. And we want parents to sleep too. So Michael, thank you for dipping your toe in the melatonin research waters so that we all can get a good night's sleep. Thanks so much for, for having me on here. This episode was produced by Rachel Carlson. It was edited by our showrunner, Rebecca Ramirez and fact check by Tyler Jones. Maggie Lutha was the audio engineer. Beth Donovan is our senior director, and Colin Campbell is our Senior Vice President of Podcasting Strategy. I'm Emily Kwong. Thank you for listening to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR. Thanks For joining us and keep your curiosity satisfied with shortwave.


It's available in the NPR app or wherever you get podcasts.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.