
Harrison Trump Court, Michigan, Kamala and the Democrats have been wreaking havoc on this place. He has no plan for how he would address the needs of the American people. I'm Scott Simon. I'm Eric Westervelt. And this is upfirst from NPR News. As early voting starts in Michigan, we'll hear what Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump are telling voters. Also the aftermath of the killing of Yaya Sinis, the With leader behind the October 7th attack on Israel. What does his death mean for the militant group? And for the hostages believed to be held in Gaza. An entire nation goes dark. What's behind the collapse of Cuba's electrical system?


Stay with us. We have the news. You need to start your weekend.


This message comes from Capital one. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One NA member FDIC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow, sell without needing to code or design. Just bring your best ideas and Shopify will help you open up shop. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash npr.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes car selling easy. Enter your license plate or vin, answer some questions and Carvana will give you a real offer in seconds. Whether you're looking to sell your car right now or whenever feels right, go to carvana.com to sell your car the convenient way.


Swing states are in the spotlight with just 17 days to go before election day polls Show the presidential race to be extremely close in those states, and especially in Michigan. Both Harris and Trump made multiple stops there yesterday. And that's also where we find NPR national political correspondent Don gne in Detroit. Don, thanks for being with us. Indeed. Thank you. Where did the candidates stop? Harris had an outdoor rally in Grand Rapids. That's one of those swing counties out there where for decades, old school traditional Republicans were dominant. But lately Democrats have been able to score victories there. There was a stop in Lansing and then at night in the Detroit suburbs, all these places where she really needs a good turnout.


And where was Donald Trump? He Started with a pretty low key business roundtable, a discussion up in those same suburbs in the late afternoon. But his big event was a rally in downtown Detroit in the evening. So he was in places where he's hoping to cut into democratic margins, especially in Detroit. The region is of course, home to a large black and Arab American population. Again, typically groups that go very big for Democrats, but Trump wants to make inroads there. And what was his message in Detroit? So he started his remarks with kind of a do-over from an event he did in Detroit last week. Back then.


He said that if Kamala Harris wins here, here's the quote, our whole country will end up being like Detroit if she's your president. It was very ominous. There was a ton of negative reaction to that from around the region. So last night, Trump opened with this. We love this place. We love Detroit. Thank you very much. And hello to Michigan. We win Michigan. We win the whole ball game. Thank you very much. I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands and thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. Thank you very much everybody. I will tell you though, Scott, that the big takeaway from the Detroit rally was that the event was plagued by technical issues.


Barely 10 minutes into the speech, just when he started talking about huge tariffs, his mutt cut off abruptly and it took nearly 20 minutes to fix it. He stayed on stage that whole time and just kinda walked around, but clearly getting frustrated. And when he did get going again, it took a bit to find his rhythm. Then 20 minutes later in the middle of talking about the border crisis, he tossed in this. And when I get rid of this microphone at the end of the speech, it's gonna be Liberation Day for Donald J. Trump. 'cause I'm blowing out my voice to get this sucker done. I'm blowing out my voice.


What? What about Kamala Harris's events? She also talked about cars, I gather She did, and jobs, union jobs. But where Trump is very critical of the United Auto Workers Union, she of course has been endorsed by the UAW. She was at a union local near a GM plant in Lansing where she highlighted 650 jobs, saved thanks to a $500 million federal investment to help with the transition to electric vehicles. She also responded to Trump claims that things were far better for the industry when he was president. We know America lost nearly 200,000 manufacturing jobs when he was president. Okay. Including tens of thousands of jobs right here in Michigan.


And those losses we know and will note started before the pandemic. Okay. Making Donald Trump one of the biggest losers of manufacturing jobs in American history. Notice the emphasis on losers there. Donald Trump and Vice President Harris are both making a particular appeal for the votes of black black men, aren't they? They are. Democrats carry the black vote by huge margins. Joe Biden won 90% of the black vote in 2020. Polls today. Put Harris's support around 80%. Donald Trump, and again, we saw this with his appearance in Detroit, thinks he is on track to do better than any Republican ever with the black Vote Don Gagne in Detroit.


Thanks so much. My pleasure. The Israeli military and With have confirmed that Yaya Sinis was killed earlier this week by Israeli forces. He was Israel's most wanted man in Gaza. We're joined now from Tel Aviv by Hadil Alci. Hadil, thanks so much for being with us. Good morning. Thank you. We're learning more about the circumstances around the killing of Sunir, aren't we? Yeah, Exactly. So I'll just let you know that Israeli military has actually been chasing SSIR for more than a year now, and they finally got him, but by chance.


So what happened is the military said on Wednesday that they were shooting at some With militants running into a building in southern Gaza. And then a drone video showed a wounded man sitting inside the building, his face covered, and then he threw a stick at the drone and the military shelled that building, destroying it. Then troops found a body in a bulletproof vest with grenades surrounded by $10,000 in cash. And then after that, DNA tests and dental records later identified that the body was sin wars. You know, Hamas came out on Friday calling his killing quote, painful and distressing, but the militant group was defiant. It said, however many of our leaders you kill, it won't sway us and we'll get right back on our feet.


And then Iran's supreme leader also chimed in this morning, he said on X quote, With is alive and we'll stay alive. What Mike Sinise S's death mean for With? So like on the political side of things, some names like With political Chairman, Mishal or Sun's Deputy K Hay have been mentioned to take his place. They've been representing With outside Gaza for years in Qatar and are known as more willing to compromise Militarily things may not change so much. S Noir's brother Mohammed has been running field operations. So if he is still alive, we may see some of those same gorilla tactics With has been using. But you know, With is a group that fights to become martyrs.


And some Palestinians blame SSIR for inviting war and destruction of their homes. But now others are claiming him as a hero. Someone who was killed fighting the Israelis above ground and not in fact hiding in a tunnel at the time of his death Of the hostages taken on October 7th when 101 I guess are still held in Gaza, dozens of them might be alive. What would sin MA's death mean for them? Right. So this week, prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that he'd guarantee the safety of anyone who returns the hostages. And then of course, the relatives of these hostages. They just want to see an immediate deal to secure their release. They want action now.


But there's also serious worries that sin war's killing could actually backfire on the hostages. You know, they could be killed as revenge. so it's possible that also with sins, war's, death, any real knowledge of who might be holding these hostages and where becomes more vague and uncertain, Ultimately, Hadil or ceasefire talks to end the war more likely? No. I mean, so with Sin War gone, there could be some flexibility. Us Secretary of State, Anthony Blinken is on his way to the region this week. But both With and Israel will have to come to serious compromises if they wanna make it happen, but not let you know. Let's not forget there's a whole other conflict to consider up north that Israel and Hezbollah and Lebanon are trading fire. Israel struck Beirut and and launched a ground incursion.


It says that it wants to root out Hezbollah. And then it also seems like SSIR is killing, has made Hezbollah more defined. It said it's entered a new escalatory phase in its war against Israel and that it even has some new types of weapons. You know, so, so far today the Israeli military says at least 180 projectile rockets have been fired from Lebanon into Northern Israel. And then police also said that a drone was launched directly at Netanyahu's home in Cesar. The government did say that Netanyahu was not in the house and no one was hurt And P had in Tel Aviv. Thanks so much for being with us. You're Welcome.


Cubans are in the dark, their power grid shut down Friday. It's a massive outage that's left 10 million people without electricity. Reporter Emily Green in Mexico City has been following the story. Emily, thanks for being with us. Thanks so much for having me. What's the latest we know? Well, There was a trickle of power returning this morning, but the grid has collapsed again in the last two hours. The night before the blackout, the Prime Minister declared a quote, energy emergency. He introduced measures to reduce power use across the country as state workers were told to stay at home. Schools have been closed as well as non-essential industries. And he also sought to assuage concerns saying he expects an influx of fuel from Cuba state owned oil company.


But the truth is that for now, many residents are using candles and lanterns. It's difficult to cook. Thousands are left without water because the infrastructure is crippled. A lucky few are using generators. The last time there was a complete collapse of the power grid was after Hurricane Ian in 2022. Cuba's President Miguel Diaz Canal has said that everything possible is being done to fix a problem. Quote, there will be no rest until power is restored. He said, but there's still no timeframe for when the crisis is going to be resolved. Emily, what caused it? Well, according to Cuban government officials, it was triggered shortly after the failure of one of the country's largest power plants near the capital of Havana.


That in turn, prompted a total breakdown of Cuba's electrical system. Cuba's Prime Minister blamed the problem on deteriorating infrastructure as well as fuel shortages exacerbated by Hurricane Milton, which has made it difficult for deliveries of much needed fuel to reach the island. This could not have come as a total surprise to Cuban officials then did it? I don't think so. Cuba's electrical grid and power plants are old, they're falling apart. And because Cuba produces very little fuel of its own, it relies on imports to keep the electrical grid afloat. The big problem is that Venezuela, a political ally that for decades was Cuba's principle provider of fuel.


It has slashed shipments amid its own economic crisis. Mexico and Russia have also cut exports, leaving Cuba in a very vulnerable position. For months. There have been rolling blackouts across the island, and the situation came to a head with the failure of the power plant on Friday. But this is really a crisis that's years in the making. And help us understand the range of consequences for the Cuban people. Well, back in March, hundreds of protestors took to the streets in Cuba's second largest city, furious over the lack of electricity and food. Food is a big issue. Cuba's communist government, which uses a rationing system to provide a certain amount of food per household.


It started limiting its allocations of bread only to children and pregnant women. Some analystic conditions are worse than the economic crisis that followed the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. A time known as a special period. And there might be political consequences. Now The Cuban government has long blamed its woes on US sanctions that have complicated the islands purchase of fuel and food. And while the causes of this crisis are multifaceted, there's no doubt this is a new low for the government. You know, people are desperate. And in this desperation, we're seeing an unprecedented number of Cubans trying to flee the island by any means possible. The island has lost an estimated 10% of its population over the last three years.


so it is a very, very precarious situation. Reporter, Emily Green in Mexico City. Thanks so much for being with us. Thank you. And that's upfirst for Saturday October 19th, 2024. I'm Scott Simon. And I'm Eric Westervelt. Fernando Naro produced today's podcast with help from Martin Patience and Atlanta Toric. Our director is Andrew Craig. Our editors Swift of keyboard and Mouse. Are are Hannah Block Krishna, Dave Kor, Tara Neal, and the ever delightful. Shannon Rhodes and Melissa Gray.


I'll Venmo them. Hannah Glove is our technical director with engineering support from Andy Hether and Arthur Halladay. Laurent. Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Lucy Oliver is our executive producer with Help this week from Julia Redpath. Thanks so much, Julia. The mighty Louise Clements is our Deputy Managing Editor Tomorrow on The Sunday Story, staying single. NPRs Megan Keen might be able to help you. Learn to love your own company. Aisha talked with her about her new book, party of One and about why so many people have become frustrated with dating. And while you're waiting for that episode to drop Go Old school for more news, interviews, sports, music, you know, sometimes just fun.


We can be guilty of that. Listen to the radio or go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station. You won't forget it. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Betterment. Confusing eye contact with a mysterious stranger is never chill. But your investing portfolio should be. Betterment is the investing app that lets you be totally chill about your finances. No more thinking about them more than they're thinking about you. Because Betterment will be thinking about you and how to optimize your investments. Well, you'll be thinking about that mysterious stranger Betterment. Be invested and totally chill. Learn more at Betterment dot com. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash npr.