
Vice President Kamala Harris introduced her running mate, Minnesota Governor Tim Walz at a rally in Philadelphia With his experience. I'm telling you, Tim Walz will be ready on day one. What did he have to say? I mean Martinez with Michelle Martin, and this is Up First from NPR News. We'll have more about the path for Governor Walz from high school geography, teacher to football coach to running for public office. It was a combination of being a little bit frustrated and kind of a sad epiphany moment, how it felt for people to be looked right through by people. What About his track record? As governor And rioters are carrying out racist and anti-immigrant attacks in cities across the uk, what's the UK government doing about it?


And what does Elon Musk have to say? stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor homes.com. When you're home shopping as a parent, you have lots of questions about local schools. That's why each listing on homes.com includes extensive reports on local schools, including photos, parent reviews, student teacher ratio, school rankings, and more. The information is from multiple trusted sources and curated by a dedicated in-house research team. It's also, you can make the right decision for your family homes.com. We've done your homework.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


Last night at a rally in Philadelphia, vice President Harris introduced the nation to her new running mate, Minnesota Governor Tim Walz Part of the resume. He's a former high school football coach, And in 91 days, the nation will know Coach Waltz by another name, vice President of the United States. It was the first time the new Democratic ticket appeared together in Person. NPR White House correspondent Almaha was there in the arena. So what was the new ticket like? Osma? Well, Harris and Walz walked out into this massive arena together. The campaign says that there were over 12,000 people there.


It's the largest rally that they've had to date. A lot of people in the crowd were wearing red, white, and blue LightUp wristbands. So a lot of energy. Harris spoke first and the governor of Minnesota, as you know, is not necessarily a household name to many. So she spent a lot of time just running through his resume and explaining why she chose him. She talked about his strong record on policies like paid family leave, gun safety, and reproductive rights. After Roe was overturned, he was the first governor in the country to sign a new law that enshrined reproductive freedom as a fundamental right. Harris also laid out his personal story, describing him as this kind of folksy dad from the Midwest, a former member of the National Guard and a former high school teacher who became the faculty advisor for a gay straight alliance.


Someone she said who comes from a different corner of the country than her, but ultimately shares her same values. All right, that Was Harris on Walz. What about Walz? What did he have to say? So when he took the mic, he praised Harris for bringing joy back into this campaign and whatnot. And he also spoke a bit about his own background, but where he was most effective was an energizing the crowd when when he went on the attack And make no mistake, violent crime was up under Donald Trump. That's not even counting the crimes he committed. He threw some verbal punches at both Trump and his running mate, JD Vance.


And you know, frankly, this is part of why Harris chose him, this belief that Walz could be an effective messenger to go on the attack against Trump and Vance. You know, a few weeks ago, Walz was making the rounds on on cable news and he started describing them as weird. and that is a label that stuck. It gained a lot of traction from other Democrats. All right, So here we are. The Republican and democratic ticket are set Osmo. What's the state of the race? Well, the race is extremely close. Harris keeps referring to herself as the underdog Today. She and Walz are headed to two other critical states, Wisconsin and Michigan. Then there'll be an Arizona and Nevada later this week. Meanwhile Trump is not campaigning in any of the presidential battleground states.


This week, though. His vice presidential pick, JD Vance, is attempting to counter program holding events in some of the states where the democratic ticket is campaigning This week. You know, Republicans have been testing out a bunch of ways to respond. They don't seem to have found a definitive answer to Harris. They're trying to define her, and now they're also trying to define Walz as being liberal extremists. At the same time, the Harris campaign is working to define itself. And you know at the moment Harris seems to have momentum in her favor, but a lot can change during this brief period. Still we have of campaigning A lot can change. That is an understatement. Osma? Yes, that's NPR White House correspondent Asma Hall. Thanks a lot. Good to talk to you. As Osma said, for many Americans last night was their first introduction to Governor Tim Walz Over those next 91 days and every day in the White House all have Vice President Harris's back.


So how does the country's first impression of Tim Walz centrist Midwestern dad compare with the image he cuts in Minnesota. For more on that, we're joined now by Dana Ferguson of Minnesota Public Radio in St. Paul. Dana, good morning. Good morning. So could you just start off by giving us a bit more background on Tim Wa? Sure. So Waltz is obviously well known here in Minnesota, but he actually grew up in rural Nebraska. He enlisted in the Army National Guard at 17 years old and enrolled in college under the gi. Bill Walz then became a teacher and met his wife, Gwen Whipple was her name at the time. Now she's Gwen Walz. They moved here to Minnesota where he taught high school geography and worked as an assistant football coach.


Walz says he remembers taking a group of students to a campaign rally for then President George W. Bush Walz said he was asked to leave because some of those in his group were wearing stickers supporting John Kerry. I think at that point in time, it was a combination of being a little bit frustrated and kind of a sad epiphany moment, how it felt for people to be looked right through by people. Not long after that he made the move to run for Congress. How did that go? He was able to make the case to Minnesotans that he was the right one. He unseed a long time Republican congressman here in southern Minnesota. That 2006 campaign centered on the war in Iraq and on economic issues.


And then while spent more than a decade in that role before announcing his bid for Minnesota governor in 2017, he won in 2018 and then again in 2022 when Democrats also took control of the State House and state Senate here. So tell us a bit about his track record as governor, and we assume of course, that the Republican ticket is gonna have their own interpretation of that, but for now, start us off. What does his track record as governor look like? Yeah, right now, like I said, Democrats control the state government, but they didn't during his first few years in office here, that meant he had to compromise with GOP leadership to pass a budget and navigate the Covid to 19 pandemic. More recently, he's been able to work with democratic majorities in the state capitol, and that has meant passing a long wishlist of progressive laws from free school meals to legal guarantees for abortion access, legalized marijuana, gun restrictions, and paid family and medical leave.


That list of accomplishments helped Walz lock up the role of chair of the Democratic Governor's Association, and then yesterday, of course, the VP spot on the Democratic ticket. Okay. So as part of the Democratic ticket, Dana, what are some of the issues you think that Republicans will be using to criticize Walz? Right. So going back to the pandemic, Walz used his executive authority to shutter schools, restaurants, and houses of worship, and require Minnesotans to stay home to limit the spread of COVID. 19 Republicans pushed back on the mandates and said the governor shouldn't have the sole authority to make decisions about handling the pandemic. Not long after that, George Floyd was killed.


It was, as you know, captured on video and sparked protests and riots in the Twin Cities and around the country. The governor deployed thousands of National Guard members and the state patrol to police the region, but Republicans said that call should have come sooner before a police precinct and local businesses burned. I should note too, that former president Donald Trump has already been making a point about that on the campaign trail. That is Minnesota Public Radio's Dana Ferguson. Dana, thanks so much for this reporting. You're welcome. Thousands of additional police are flooding British streets today.


After a week of race riots across the country, Far right mobs have attacked people mosques, even immigration law offices. It's the biggest challenge today for UK Prime Minister Keir Starr, who took office just a month ago already. He's in a standoff with Elon Musk about this Issue. NPRs Lauren Freyer is in Tam with England, where hotel housing asylum seekers was attacked. Hello, Lauren. Hi Michelle. So Tell us what's the atmosphere there? It feels like hysteria, disinformation, people just repeating things over and over that they see online. The hotel that was attacked here, it's been used as a temporary refugee housing for the past two years, and locals have all these crime stories that they blame on it.


Here's a man named Steven Roberts I talked to Apparently the other week by the bowling alley. There was a machete attack, their own fighting each other. Oh, it's been going on for ages, but that doesn't get reported in the news. That's the problem. You, there was a knife attack recently. It was reported in the news. There's no indication though, it involved asylum seekers from this hotel. And the same jumping to conclusions is what started these riots. Children were stabbed last week. Rumors spread that a suspect was an undocumented migrant, a Muslim, none of which was true. But these riots erupted and have spread across the country. Muslims, minorities, people of color are being targeted and people I've talked to or terrified.


Lauren, is there any sense that these riots are organized? Do they appear to be organized in any way? I put that to Julia Ebner, who heads an extremism lab at Oxford University and she says, yes, the violence is organized in part by the English Defense League or EDL. It's an anti-Islam group that was thought to be defunct, but clearly is not. It's not just migration and Islam that they're protesting against. It's also what they see as the complicit media outlets who they believe are covering up stories, covering up migrant crimes. And Here in Tamworth, they're tapping into existing prejudices and amplifying them online. Elon Musk himself is playing a role in this.


How? How so what's he been saying? So Musk, when he bought Twitter, he restored the accounts of some far right figures who had been banned, including one of the leaders of the English Defense League, a man who calls himself Tommy Robinson. He's a fascist who's been in and out of prison. He and Musk have been interacting on x sharing conspiracy theories. Musk wrote to his nearly 200 million followers that a UK civil war is inevitable. And he is also been sort of taunting the prime Minister here. Kiir Starmer online accusing starmer of having a two-tier policing system that treats white people unfairly. The UK government is pleading with Musk to use his platform responsibly.


Lives are at stake here. And what is the UK government doing? So aside from deploying thousands more police speeding up court appearances for suspects, the government has a special team flagging social media posts that incite violence. And I've actually seen this anecdotally. People here show me, wanna show me something they saw in Facebook or TikTok and then it's been removed. People are being arrested for hate speech online hate crime laws are being used, and the government is looking at officially banning groups like the EDL, just like they do for terror groups abroad. That is NPRs Lauren Freyer and Tamworth England. Lauren, thank you. Thanks Michelle.


And one more story for you two US gold medals on the track yesterday for Cole Hacker and Gabby Thomas and Pier's. Brian Mann is at the summer games in Paris. He checked in with the latest and what to look for next at the Olympics. It was a crazy day. On the track on the outskirts of Paris, we saw a big upset with a guy named Cole Hocker, who came from behind to win the men's 1500 meter final. It's nearly a mile. He surged from behind to beat the British and Norwegian runners who were expected to win. Also on the track. Gabby Thomas dominated the Women's 200 meter final. Her celebration was just a joy to watch, pivoting, to look forward.


A couple of really interesting things are gonna be happening over the next couple of days. Algerian Iman Kif won her bout in the boxing ring. She's gonna now fight for a gold medal. Her run in the Olympics has been controversial, but she's fought her way through. And last night she had huge support from Algerians who cheered her on. One more thing to point to is that American women beat Germany and soccer one zero US women will now play for soccer gold in the Olympics for the first time since 2012. I'm Brian Mann NPR News in Paris, And that's Up First for Wednesday, August 7th.


I'm Michelle Martin, editor Martinez. How about listening to consider this from NPR? There are some 43 million refugees in the world. 37 of them competing in Paris as the refugee Olympic team are fighting for something more than than just athletic excellence. Listen to consider this. Today's episode of Up First was edited by Dana Farrington, Acacia Squires, Jana Williams and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziad Butch Nina Duaz and Julie Deen. Brooke. We get engineering support from Carly Strange And. our technical director is Zac Coleman. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow.


It's a high stakes election year, so it's not enough to just follow along. You need to understand what's happening, so you are fully informed. Come November every weekday on the NPR Politics Podcast, our political reporters break down important stories and back stories from the campaign trail so you understand why it matters to you. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast wherever you get your podcasts.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like The power to do investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC


support for NPR. And the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus, tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.