
Vice President Harris told the nation who she would be as president. You Can always trust me to put country above party and self Will the message translate to votes In November. I'm Steve Inskeep with Layla Foul and this is upfirst from NPR News. President Trump has been campaigning on the US southern border in Arizona and using one of his favorite lines of attack, arguing that the vice president left the border open. How are Democrats countering that message and The Food and Drug Administration has approved new CVID 19 vaccines. Right now we're in a wave, so you'd like to get protection against what's going on right now, so I would probably get vaccinated in as timely a manner as possible.


Stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares why Sattva Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At Sattva, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful. To make sure you make the right choice, Save up to $600 through Labor Day weekend@saatva.com slash npr.


This message comes From NPR R sponsor. Warby Parker. Their glasses start at $95, including anti-reflective scratch resistant prescription lenses that block 100% of UV rays. Drive five pairs of frames at home for free. Go to Warby Parker dot com slash covered.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated, registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC


At the Democratic Convention last night, vice president Kamala Harris told the story of her own immigrant family On behalf of everyone whose story could only be written in the greatest nation on earth. I accept your nomination to be president of the United States of America. Harris called Republican Donald Trump and unserious man who wants to be an autocrat. At the same time, the vice president looked at the camera, spoke to people outside the hall who have differing beliefs and promise to be a president for All NPR White House correspondent Deepa Shiver Room was with Harris last night and joins us now.


Good morning, Deepa. Good morning. So this was an opportunity for Harris to really define herself for the country and share what her presidency would look like. What stood out to you? Yeah, I mean, this was definitely her moment to introduce herself to the country. This has been such an unexpected and truncated run for the presidency, right? And it's all happening, right, as a lot of voters still don't really know who Kamala Harris is, and she tried to fix that last night primarily by telling her story through the lens of her parents who both immigrated to the US and how their dreams led to Harris's own. She says, unlikely journey of running for president At the park.


My mother would say Stay close, but my father would say as he smiled, run Kamala, run. Don't be afraid. Don't let anything stop you. This was such a different speech than I've heard from Harris before in a lot of different ways, Layla, but primarily because to be honest, she doesn't really often share these personal details about her life. Now, Deepa, you point out this is a truncated campaign, unusual, but one of the criticisms she's faced is that she hasn't been clear on what she would do as President, what her policies would be. What did we learn from her speech? You know, Harris talked a lot about her beliefs on what she called building the opportunity economy.


She talked about the border and Israel and Gaza and Ukraine. It wasn't really about nitty gritty policy, though it was more of a declaration of values about protecting American security and democracy abroad and how her opponent, former President Donald Trump, stands in contrast to many of her beliefs. And she was also trying to show, you know, that she has the toughness and the experience that it takes to be the commander in chief, which is important because of the unprecedented nature of her candidacy. Now you had a front row seat in her press pool. What was it like in the room? Yeah, I mean, I've seen Kamala Harris give a lot of speeches over the last five years, and this was a really strong performance from her.


I was sitting just by the stage behind the delegation from Nebraska, and the whole crowd was just so loud and so amped. One thing that really stood out to me was how much Harris's message in her speech was about her love of country and the possibilities of America and how that translated in the arena. I mean, there were American flags being waived and more being handed out, people chanting USA. It was really a rallying moment for the brand of patriotism. Harris is trying to build. So I think the big question is, can she carry that momentum and that excitement into November?


How does she do that? I mean, Harris herself when she rallied with supporters after her speech last night, like literally said, you can party tonight, but then we get to work and you know, and the reality is Harris can't keep up the exact hold that she's had on the narrative the last few weeks. She's gonna have to adapt and change. The debate, of course, is coming up on September 10th, and she has agreed to a sit down interview before the end of the month. N P's Deepa Shiver. Thank you, Dipa. Thank you. Now, when you watch the very long roster of speakers at the Democratic Convention, you could see the party's effort to bring unity. Different speakers seemed to be aimed at different groups. You could hear remarks from gun violence victims. A border patrol agent, a comedian, seemed to speak to black men.


Another speaker seemed to address southern white males, and there were also the Israeli American parents of a hostage held in Gaza. But when ance from the uncommitted movement asked for a spot for a Palestinian American, they were denied. Today I watched my party say, our tent can fit anti-choice Republicans, but it can't fit an elected official like me. That was Rua Roman, a Georgia State House representative, a Palestinian American, and a Democrat speaking to reporters Outside the convention, the uncommitted movement has been pushing for a ceasefire in Gaza and an arms embargo on Israel. She read her speech to reporters outside the convention center yesterday.


Here's part of it. Our party's greatest strength has always been our ability to unite. Some see that as a weakness, but it's time we flex that strength. Let's commit to each other, to electing Vice President Harris and defeating Donald Trump, who uses my identity as a Palestinian, as a slur. Roman also told reporters she wants to work with the party, which is why she said she was confused to be excluded. Now, in her speech, Harris said she was committed to Israel's right to defend itself and also committed to self-determination for Palestinians.


Former president Donald Trump is campaigning in Arizona. He illustrated one of his signature campaign promises. Yesterday, standing next to a section of wall along the US southern border and Cochise County, the appearance highlights an issue where Democrats are seen as vulnerable. Although Vice President Harris asserted last night that she could secure the Border, NPR has Ben Giles follow Trump to the border yesterday and joins us now. Good morning, Ben. Good morning. Okay, So we've seen Trump and his running mate, Ohio Senator JD Vance in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin was his latest speech any different from the rest? So this was just the latest stop on the Trump Vance counter programming tour, but it did provide Trump a prime opportunity to trot out one of his favorite lines of attack against Harris.


What he describes as a wide open southern border under her watch as vice president. I call her comrade because she is a radical left Marxist. She wants open borders. She wants our country. I don't understand why anybody would want it, but she wants our country to be open to the world's criminals so they can come in and rape and pillage and do whatever they have to do. Trump was joined at the border by the usual cast of officials from the Border Patrol Union and the Cochise County Sheriff's Office. But also there were the mothers of children who were killed by suspects who were in the country illegally. Those parents each said they believed Trump and Trump alone could secure the border and prevent immigrants from crossing illegally and committing similar crimes.


It's interesting 'cause Kamala Harris yesterday really presented herself as a middle of the road Democrat promised to secure the border. I mean, how have Democrats in Arizona and nationally been countering this message? Well, in addition to that message from Harris and Chicago, Democrats have been relying on Republicans to deliver blistering criticisms of Trump. Last night, for example, a former representative Adam Kininger was given a primetime slot where he described Trump as a weak man pretending to be strong on issues of policy and leadership in Arizona. On a zoom call Wednesday afternoon, Senator Mark Kelly touted the actions taken by the Biden Harris administration that Democrats credit with a sharp decrease in border crossings.


Obviously there's more work to be done, but Kamala Harris is clearly a person for this job. And I mean, I know this, and I imagine many of you know this, that Donald Trump is not the person to solve this problem. Kelly criticized Trump for torpedoing GOB support in Congress for a bipartisan border security bill. Earlier this year, Harris has promised to sign that bill if elected in November. Trump Meanwhile was dismissive yesterday when asked about the decline in border crossings and called the border security bill a bad deal. Now, Trump isn't done with Arizona just yet. He'll hold a rally in the Phoenix suburbs at the same arena.


The Harris campaign rally a week ago, and we hear there's word of a special guest will be in attendance. Yeah, Trump wouldn't comment on who that might be at the border yesterday, but media reports suggest Robert F. Kennedy, who's been running a long shot presidential campaign as an independent is going to drop out of the race and endorsed Trump. NPR has confirmed Kennedy filed paperwork necessary to withdraw his name from Arizona's presidential ballot. It's also noteworthy that Kennedy has his own press conference scheduled in Phoenix later today. He shall discuss his path forward in the presidential race. If Kennedy does bow out, it's not a given that his supporters will back Trump. But according to an NPR analysis of swing state polls, Trump stands to gain an average of about one point in each of those states.


That's NPRs Ben Giles. Thanks Ben. Thank You. The Food and Drug Administration has approved new COVID-19 vaccines to help Protect against the latest strains of the Virus. NPR health correspondent Rob Stein joins us now with the details. Good morning, Rob. Good morning, Lala. So What are these new vaccines? The new vaccines have been reformulated to try to keep the shots up to date with the virus, which is still evolving new tricks to evade our immune systems. The Pfizer BioNTech and Moderna vaccines target the KP two variant. The NOVA vaccine, which is expected to get the FD a's step of approval later, targets an earlier strain called JN one.


Both strains have already been overtaken by newer variants, but the hope is they're close enough to protect people through the rest of the surprisingly big summer wave and through the expected winter surge. Here's Dr. Peter Marks from the FDA. The new formulations cover the variants that have been circulating more recently. So the hope is that the closer we match the strain, the better the protection one will have and perhaps the longer protection we'll have. Mark says the new vaccine should cut the risk of getting covid by 60 to 70% and reduce the risk of getting seriously ill by 80 to 90%.


The shots could start to become available as soon as this weekend to anyone age six months and older. Okay, as soon as this weekend. So should everyone just rush out and get vaccinated right away? Good Question. Mark says that wouldn't be a bad idea, especially given how big the summer wave turned out to be and how long it's continuing. Right now we're in a wave, so you'd like to get protection against what's going on right now. So I would probably get vaccinated in as timely a manner as possible because right now the match is reasonably close. You're probably gonna get the most benefit you're gonna get from this vaccine against what's currently circulating. And so when this gets into pharmacies, I will be online as soon as it rolls out.


People should wait at least two or three months since their last bout of covid or last shot to get vaccinated. And some people could consider waiting until September or you know, October if they're especially concerned about maximizing protection through the winter surge over the holidays. Here's Dr. Marks again. Getting vaccinated sometime in the September to early October timeframe seems like a pretty reasonable thing to do to help bring you protection through the December, January timeframe. And it doesn't like suddenly stop. This is not something that suddenly cuts off at three or four months. It's just the immunity will decrease with time. Now, I should mention that some vaccine experts question whether everyone needs another shot.


Oh, Why is that? Well, Dr. Paul Offit at the University of Pennsylvania says most healthy younger people still probably have enough immunity from all the shots and infections they've already gotten to protect them from getting really sick. It certainly makes sense why someone would want to get it because it lessens your chance of getting a mild or moderate infection for about four to six months, and to some extent lessens your chance of spreading the virus. But were I a 30 5-year-old healthy adult who'd already had several doses of vaccine and one or two natural infections, I wouldn't feel compelled to get it. It's unclear how many people will feel compelled to get one of the new shots. Most eligible adults never got the last one, but anyone who does can get the flu shot at the same time.


And federal officials are recommending anyone age 75 and older also get the new RSV vaccine. Same goes for pregnant people. And those 65 to 74 at high risk of getting seriously ill from RSV. That's NPR Health correspondent Rob Stein. Thanks, Rob. You bet. And that's upfirst for Friday, August 23rd. I'm Layla Faulted. And I'm Steve Inskeep. upfirst comes your way on weekends too. Aisha Roscoe and Scott Simon have the news in this feed or wherever you get your podcasts. And today's episode of upfirst was edited by Roberta Rampton, Scott Hensley, Janaya Williams and Adriana Gallardo. It was produced by Ziad bch, Nia Dumas and Nina Kravinsky We.


get engineering support from Arthur Laurent. Our technical director is Zach Coleman And. our Executive Producer is Erika Aguilar. Join us again on Monday. I'll Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks. Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Enbridge. Enbridge delivers the energy life demands safely, reliably, and sustainably. Since 2002, Enbridge has committed more than $7 billion to renewable energy and power transmission projects. So you have the energy you need today while being ready for what's ahead. Learn more@tomorrowison.com.