
Kamala Harris has chosen Minnesota Governor Tim Walls as a running mate. What will he bring to the ticket? And Financial markets in Europe and Asia are beginning to rebound after taking a major tumble. How worried should we be I? mean? Martinez. That's Michelle Martin. And this is Up First from NPR News. Google Is so dominant. Miriam Webster considers that a verb with a lowercase G, but a judge says they grew that status illegally. It's a very significant outcome for the Department of Justice, not just for US policy, but for global efforts to control big tech. What's it mean for the tech giant going forward And Tropical Storm? Debbie is hammering the southeastern us with deadly rain and wind.


Coastal communities are on high alert. stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor homes.com. You don't just live in your home, you live in your neighborhood as well. So when you're shopping for a home, you wanna know as much about the area around it as possible. Luckily, homes.com has got you covered. Each listing features a comprehensive neighborhood guide from local experts, everything you'd ever wanna know about a neighborhood, including the number of homes for sale, local amenities, and even things like median lot size and a noise score homes.com. We've done your homework.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


Vice President Kamala Harris has chosen Minnesota Governor Tim Walz as her running mate of source. Familiar to the campaign. Tells NPR r. The last Minute decision. Follows a whirlwind couple of weeks for Harris here to discuss the Choice NPR Senior political editor and correspondent Dominico Montero. So it was a battle between two governors wa from Minnesota and then Shapiro from Pennsylvania. What do you think Walls got the nod to Dominico? Well, when people talk about walls, you know, they look at his personality. He's a happy warrior. People seem to get along with him. They like him quite a lot. Certainly Capitol Hill progressives were pushing for him to be the person. And you know, this was said to be about vibes and you know, we know that Harris met with the finalists and it seemed that, you know, sleeping on it, she got along with walls and had a good feeling about it and picked him.


Yeah, he's the one that coined the phrase weird or the, the viral meme weird in describing Donald Trump and JD Van. So tell us about Tim Walls. Who is he? Well, he's a Minnesota governor. He was born and raised in rural Nebraska. He, in his second term as Minnesota governor, he is the head of the Democratic Governor's Association. So there's some thought that he has some ability to raise some money, bring some cash to the ticket as well. He's a veteran of the Army National Guard, and you know, we know he didn't really know Harris very well before these past couple of weeks, but impressed her. And he does have these connections on Capitol Hill. So he's also kind of a governing pick as well. And you know, really, as you noted him, coining this phrase weird.


A lot of this is about messaging. He's very good at it. And he's really somebody who, two weeks ago was not on the tips of people's lips for who could get this job, but clearly, you know, talked his way into it with that and with his personality. Now you've been analyzing the electoral map and all the possible paths to the presidency for Kamala Harris. So what does Tim Walls do for her chances? Yeah, this is squarely a blue wall pick. You know, Minnesota's not a swing state necessarily, but the hope for Democrats is that he can appeal to white middle of the road voters in places like Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, which make up that blue wall. And if Harris is able to hold those states, then she would very likely win the presidency. You know, these are the very voters who are key to really winning in the Blue Wall, Harris and Trump right now tied in these places.


When I looked at the electoral map this week, Democrats hope that they can provide a contrast also with the Trump and JD Vance ticket. And it's ironic 'cause Vance was picked to try to appeal to these very same voters. But he's had a rough go these first couple of weeks in the first rule of being Vice presidential running mate is do no harm. And his, right now, his favorability rating's not very good. The our latest NPR PBS News Maris Poll is out this morning. 55% of independents have an unfavorable rating of Vance for Tim Walls. He's far less known. 71% in our poll said that they don't have an opinion of who he is or unsure of him. and that means these next couple of weeks are gonna be big before the Democratic Convention crucial not just to finding him, but in who this new Harris Walls ticket is.


Yeah. And you mentioned this week coming up. I mean, it's a whirlwind week, right? Starting now. Absolutely. Big travel week coming up. They're gonna be hitting all seven of the big states, the three blue wall states we mentioned, as well as the four Sunbelt states, Arizona, Nevada, Georgia, North Carolina. We're gonna be watching to see their dynamic together and with voters, and if he can make that appeal outside of just progressives. That's NPR Senior political editor and correspondent Dominic Montero. Thanks a lot. You're welcome. Nervous investors will be watching the stock market this morning after a sharp sell off on Monday. Yes. The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled more than a thousand points yesterday, while the s and p 500 index dropped by 3%.


Japan stock market also fell sharply on Monday, but recovered much of that ground overnight. The market volatility has raised questions about the staying power of the US economy, which had been a pillar of global growth since the pandemic NPR Scott Horsley joins us now. Scott, I mention that investors are nervous. How worried should everyone else be? Well, most analysts I've talked to think the stock market is overreacting. The economy isn't growing as fast as it had been. It's not adding jobs at the pace it was a year or two ago. But we're not on the brink of recession either, which is what you might think if you just looked at the stock ticker, the unemployment rate rose last month, but not because a lot of people got laid off, but rather because a lot of new people came into the job market.


Now that said, it is possible the market downturn itself could do some damage to the economy. For example, economists, Kathy PIs, Janik of Nationwide says, rich people who own a lot of stocks might check their portfolios and decide maybe we'll be a little more careful with our spending this year. It kind of rattles their confidence they could pull back on spending, and that's one way you have that negative feedback. The other one is that businesses are concerned about the carnage in the financial markets and therefore that also could curtail business investment, Consumer spending and business investment were both pretty strong in the spring. GDP grew in the second quarter at a pretty good clip that could change in the last half of the year if this market route continues.


Now, Japan stock market also had a terrible day on Monday. The Nikk average suffered its biggest drop since 1987. That's a long time ago before I even graduated high school, Scott. So what's going on here? Most central banks around the world are looking at cutting interest rates. But Japan's central bank raised rates last week that's putting upward pressure on the Japanese currency. As a result, some speculators who had been borrowing at very low interest rates in Japan to invest elsewhere were forced to unload stocks. But Chantix says that was one of several global factors that contributed to yesterday's big selloff. Now with the Bank of Japan raising rates, it means it's no longer as profitable for investors to borrow in Yen or in Japan.


But also I think there is concerns about geopolitical tensions and possible widening of war in the Middle East. And also uncertainty about the presidential election. Japan stock market fell more than 12% yesterday, but it bounced back overnight. Regaining most of that loss. The EK average rose more than 10% today. So Scott, the Federal Reserve, 'cause all eyes are now gonna turn to the Fed. So what's the Federal Reserve gonna do? What are they gonna respond to all this? Well, The Fed is certainly keeping an eye on the market, not because it's overly worried about stock prices, but because it wants to make sure the financial system is functioning smoothly. The Fed did not cut interest rates when it met last week. Some now see that as a missed opportunity and expectations are that the Fed will cut rates at its next meeting in September.


Before that, though, fed Chairman Jerome Powell had to speak later this month at the Annual Economic Conference in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. That is always an event with high altitude and high expectations. And this week's market turbulence, we'll just put an even brighter spotlight on the Talking Heads and the Tetons NPR. Scott Horsley. Thanks a lot, Scott. You're welcome. The Justice Department won a historic victory against Google. In an antitrust lawsuit, a federal judge ruled that Google acted illegally to ensure the company dominated the search engine market. NPRs tech correspondent Derek Curtis is here to talk about how monumental this decision is and what it could mean for the future of Google.


Derek, it sounds like a big loss for Google. Tell us more about the judge's ruling. Yeah, it was a big blow. So this is the first major antitrust lawsuit against a tech company to go to trial in decades. If you remember, the last one was against Microsoft in the 1990s, and the government won that case. So for this Google case, the Justice Department used Microsoft as a template and it worked in his nearly 300 page ruling. Judge Amit Metta, straight out called Google a monopolist. And he said it acted illegally to make sure it stayed a monopoly. He noted in his ruling how Google is once a scrappy startup founded by two Stanford students and a rented garage, and now has become one of the world's most valuable companies.


And he suggested that dominance wasn't by accident. When I called up former chair of the Federal Trade Commission, bill Kovacic, he could not overstate how important this ruling was. It's a very significant outcomes for the Department of Justice, not just for US policy, but for global efforts to control big tech. So the ripple effects a could be very huge here. Yeah. And the judge, you mentioned it called Google a monopolist. So what does that mean for the company going forward? Yeah, Google was quick to say it's appealing. The ruling, the company's president of Global Affairs said in a statement that Google is the best search engine. And the judge recognized that. But the judge also said that Google had a major advantage over its rivals.


That advantage is exclusive agreements with device makers like Apple and Samsung. Google has paid those companies billions of dollars to be the default search engine on their phones and computers during the trial. We learned that in one year alone, Google paid more than $26 billion for that privilege. So now going forward, it's hard to know what's going to happen to Google. And that's because in his decision, the judge didn't address remedies for the company. Instead, there's gonna be a whole separate other trial where he will decide those. I spoke to one of the top antitrust experts in the country, George Hay, about what the judge might mandate. Hay is a former chief economist for the Justice Justice Department's antitrust division.


The remedy here is pretty obvious. He's gonna say those contracts with Apple and Samsung have to go away. No contracts means Google likely won't be the default search engine. But Hay says we're a long way from that because of the whole appeals process. Okay. Now beyond Google though, Dara, I mean, what does Monday's ruling mean for other lawsuits the government has brought against big tech? Yeah. Well, there are a lot of lawsuits. The Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission have sued Facebook parent company Meta, and there's Amazon, and that sued Apple and some other small tech companies too. And it's clear the Justice Department is emboldened by this ruling and celebrating their win against Google.


In a statement, attorney General Merrick Garland said, quote, no company, no matter how large or influential is above the law, and the experts I spoke to agree, they say this ruling could pave the way for similar rulings on those other lawsuits. So this push to break up the power of big tech seems like something that's just going to continue. Alright, that's NPR Tech correspondent de Kerr. Thanks Dara. Thank You. And a note here, Google is a financial sponsor of NPR, but we cover them like we would anyone else.


In South Carolina, people are being urged to stay home and off the roads. That's Because Tropical Storm, Debbie is expected to dump potentially catastrophic amounts of rain, especially along the Coast. South Carolina public radio's, Victoria Hanson joins us now from where she lives, just outside Charleston, about a mile from the beach. Victoria, what are you seeing this morning? Well, I'm seeing lots of rain this morning. In fact, it was so heavy at times overnight it was kind of tough to sleep. Now we did have a tornado touchdown just south of Charleston, which damaged homes and we're under a flash flood warning for much of the morning. The problem is this storm is expected to creep along our coast. The national weather surface in Charleston says anywhere from 10 to 20 inches of rain is likely with the possibility of up to 30 inches in some places.


So to give you some perspective, we typically get 50 to 60 inches of rain a year. So we could see half that in just a matter of days. Not to mention, we are expecting a storm surge of two to four feet. That means even more water will push on shore, giving all the rain little place to go. Yeah. So when it creeps, I guess that means a lot of waters is kind of being dumped. How are state and local leaders preparing? I mean, they know it's coming. So are they evacuating people? Yeah, so far no evacuations, but the city of Charleston did enact a curfew last night. Essentially, they closed the peninsula beginning at 11:00 PM until later this morning when they plan to reassess. Here's Mayor William Cogswell at a press conference last night For your own safety and the safety of the emergency responders, please stay indoors.


Do not go out. This is a lot of water coming our way and we need to take it very, very seriously. And it's important to point out flash flooding is what claims so many lives during these storms. Now, high water rescue vehicles and boats, they are ready in case people do in fact need help. And shelters have open across the state for those who know their homes flood. Again, city and state leaders are urging people just to stay home. So given all that, are people staying home? Well, fortunately, many businesses are closed. And yes, people have been preparing, getting supplies and sandbagging their homes. I caught up with Kathy Evans at a grocery store during a break in the rain yesterday. She's lived in Charleston for nearly 30 years now, and she does what many of us do.


She prepares for the worst and she hopes for the best. And she says, absolutely, she is staying home, even if it's for days until this storm passes. I don't want to be that person who brings out our very hardworking law enforcement or fire department to save me because I didn't listen. And then they put their lives at risk. Now, Evan says she does worry about all the new people who have moved to South Carolina recently and the addition of so many new homes, that means there's less open land to absorb all that water. Victoria, you're covering this, but you're also experiencing it. What do you worry about? You know, I worry about the flooding.


We had what they called historic floods in 2015, which just dumped a substantial amount of rain on us, more than 20 inches. and that time my backyard probably took in about three feet of water. I checked this morning. That's not the case. But the frogs are very lively, is the only thing I can say. It was very, very loud outside my window last night. So, you know, again, I, I think a lot of us just don't know what to expect. It depends upon how long, you know, this storm kind of hovers over us. And then there's a possibility that it could go back out into the Atlantic and then make landfall again before heading to North Carolina. That's South Carolina Public Radio's. Victoria Hansen speaking to us from just outside Charleston Victoria.


Thank you. And thank you. And that's Up First for Tuesday, August 6th. I. mean Martinez. And I'm Michelle Martin. Your next listen is consider this from NPR. Billionaires are getting richer and cost to taxi, Uber rich are getting louder. Is a global wealth tax a feasible solution? Listen to consider this. Today's Episode of Up First was edited by Rafael Nam, Julia Redpath, Susanna Caputo, Denise Rios, Janaya Williams, and Alice Wolfley was produced by Zia Butch Nia Dumas and Milton Gada We. get engineering support from Zac Coleman And. our technical director is Stacey Abbott. Join us again tomorrow.


It is a high stakes election year, so it's not enough to just follow along. You need to understand what's happening, so you are fully informed. Come November every weekday on the NPR Politics Podcast, our political reporters break down important stories and backs, stories from the campaign trail so you understand why it matters to you. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast wherever you get your podcasts.


This message comes from NPR sponsor homes.com. When you're shopping for a home, you wanna know as much about the area around it as possible. homes.com has got you covered with a comprehensive neighborhood guide from local experts homes.com. We've done your homework.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor member SIPC.