
Hey, could we have a little light in there? It's kind of dark Mood lighting. Yeah, that my mood is, I want to go to sleep. So could we, so could we Not make it bright? Thank you. It doesn't have to look like the gynecologist's office, but if it could definitely be not. Not that. Vice President Harris rolls out her economic agenda today. Prices For everyday things like groceries are still too high. You know it and I know it. How is she proposing she'll get the cost of food and housing under control? I'm Michelle Martin, that's Layla Faddle. And this is upfirst from NPR News. Former president Donald Trump was also pushing his plans to the economy in another Long press conference where Fruit Loops and Orioles were held up as examples of inflation.


What's he saying he will do for consumers? Plus five people have been charged in the death of actor Matthew Perry, Various Go-Betweens, two medical doctors and a major source of drug supply known as the Ketamine queen. They're accused of supplying him with drugs in his final days. stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Sattva. You hear a lot of statistics during elections. Here's another. Over a third of Americans suffer from sleep deprivation. Sofa offers handcrafted mattresses to help you sleep soundly. Visit safa.com/npr and save up to $600.


This message comes From NPR sponsor Warby Parker. Their glasses start at $95, including anti-reflective scratch resistant prescription lenses that block 100% of UV rays. Try five pairs of frames at home for free. Go to Warby Parker dot com slash covered.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like The power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


The economy remains a top priority for many voters. And later today, vice President Harris is rolling out her economic agenda. This comes as the Democratic presidential nominee has been facing criticism for offering scant details about her own vision for the job. And as her Republican opponent, Donald Trump tries to blame her for high prices. Joining us now is NPR White House correspondent mha, who's been covering the Harris campaign. Good morning. Good morning, Layla. So what's the vice president proposing? Well, the big headline is that Harris is calling for a substantial expansion of the child tax credit up to $6,000 for low and middle income families when they have a new baby. She also wants to restore the child tax credit that families got during the pandemic.


And just to remind folks, that was $3,600 per child. You know, the program was really popular and it was credited with reducing child poverty significantly. It's worth pointing out that some Republicans, including the GOP Vice presidential nominee, JD Vance, have also called for bolstering the child tax credit. So money for low and middle income families. What else is in the plan? She's been foreshadowing some of her ideas out on the campaign trail recently. In her speeches. I've heard her use this one line again and again. Take a listen. While our economy is doing well by many measures, prices for everyday things like groceries are still too high. You know it and I know it.


And later today in North Carolina, she's gonna really focus on cutting expenses that are top of mind for voters. Things like healthcare, housing, and groceries. And, and to this point on groceries, I mean, that's something that Harris is expected to single out today. She's calling for a federal ban on price gouging in the food sector. Her campaign specifically cites the price of meat. Also, when it comes to prescription drug prices, she's calling for a $35 cap on the cost of insulin for everyone, not just seniors. Okay, so you also mentioned housing a moment ago. We often hear about the high cost of housing. So what's her plan there? She's suggesting some ideas that expand upon some of the things we've heard in the Biden administration, but I would say these are bigger and bolder than what we have seen from the White House to date.


One thing that caught my eye is that she wants to give first time home buyers $25,000 toward their down payment, the campaign estimates that could help some 4 million people. It is a much more expansive version of a plan that Biden announced in his State of the Union. Harris is also calling for new tax breaks that her campaign says could help lead to 3 million new housing units and help fill a housing shortage. And she's calling on Congress to pass legislation to prevent Wall Street investors from buying up large numbers of single family rental homes. So how does this Harris economic agenda differ from what Biden was proposing? Well, much of the substance does seem to be in line with President Biden's vision for the economy, which I would say is to be expected.


She's the sitting vice president in this administration, right? But she's a different messenger. You know, she's not adopting Biden's language. She's not out there talking about omics, but she is still like Biden talking about trying to build up the middle class. This speech today is about contrasting herself with her Republican opponent. The economy is one of the biggest political vulnerabilities for Harris, so she needs to have an answer for voters. Republicans have been trying to tie her to the Biden economy. Polls show that voters do tend to trust Trump more on his handling of the economy. Though the former president does not yet seem to have much of an edge on this issue against Harris at least as much as he did against Biden.


NPRs mha. Thank you, Asma. Good to speak with you. Now turning to the other candidate, former President Donald Trump. The Republican nominee is also using the we to focus on the economy. Trump Has been facing pressure from Republicans to focus on policy issues and not crowd sizes and personal attacks. So is that what he did? At a rally in North Carolina and a lengthy press conference at his New Jersey golf Club? NPR White House correspondent Franco Ordonez is here to answer that. Good morning, Franco. Good Morning. Later. So yesterday's news conference really narrowed in on inflation. What was Trump's message? Yeah, I mean, he actually brought out Fruit Loops and Oreos to highlight the food prices and inflation. He touted his plans to eliminate taxes on tips and social security benefits.


He blamed Harris for food and gas prices. He called her proposal for a federal ban on price, gouging on food as quote, communist price controls. Kamala Harris is a radical California liberal who broke the economy, broke the border, and broke the world. Frankly, He spoke for almost an hour and a half and took questions on topics like Israel, the assassination tip Harris' VP pick Governor Tim Waltz. And it was clearly part of Trump's efforts to highlight that he answers questions while Harris has not held a news conference, but I'll just note that they limited the number of media organizations and we and PR were not allowed in. Hmm. Broke the worlds quite the charge there.


Now, Trump's messaging has been dominated by personal attacks on Harris, but policy is where Republicans think they have the upper hand, especially on the economy. Is Trump sticking to that message? I mean, yeah. I mean, allies like former house speaker Kevin McCarthy have urged him to stop the insults and stick to the script. Here's Trump's former advisor, Kellyann Conway actually speaking on Fox Business about that. The winning formula for President Trump is very plain to see. It's fewer insults, more insights, and that policy contrast. I will note that yesterday, at least for the beginning of the press conference, he did largely stick to the script food prices, inflation, credit card debt. So the beginning, how long did that last?


Yeah, I mean, he read from the script for about 45 minutes before taking questions and then it really got off track. I mean, he was asked about this and he said he was angry. I think I'm entitled to personal attacks. I don't have a lot of respect for her. I don't have a lot of respect for her intelligence, and I think she'll be a terrible president, and I think it's very important that we win. And whether the personal attacks are good, bad. I mean, she certainly attacks me personally. She actually called me weird. He's weird. I mean, it's clear that that weird label that Democrats have put on him has got under his skin. Yeah. And he repeats again there that Harris isn't smart. She holds a degree from Howard went to uc, law San Francisco was a prosecutor. An attorney General. Yeah.


I mean, while Republicans are telling him to tone down these personal attacks, I mean, he says he's the candidate and he has to do it his own way. Harris has really benefited from jumping into the race late in the game, and she's expected to get another bump in public opinion during next week's Democratic national convention as candidates often do. What is Trump's challenge there? I mean, it's really a race to define her. I mean, yes, she's the vice president and former senator of California, but outside of Washington and California, a lot of people really just don't know much about her. And Trump said this yesterday and noted their strategy is to paint her as a California liberal. I mean, the campaign is working on this as well, the Harris campaign, which is of course why so many of our listeners are seeing all these ads about her being a prosecutor.


Right. And they also point out that Trump is a convicted felon. Yeah, I mean there is going to be so much attention on the Democratic convention. A lot of celebrities and former presidents Trump allies tell me they're gonna be working very hard to steal as much of the spotlight from Harris. Trump will be out holding rallies. I mean, you can expect a lot, a lot of counter programming each day. That's White House correspondent Franco Ordonez. Thank you Franco. Thank you Layla. Five people have been charged in connection with the death of actor Matthew Perry. Yes. The man best known as Chandler Bing from friends died last year from the acute effects of Ketamine.


Officials said in a press conference yesterday that a broad underground criminal network supplied him with the drugs that ultimately killed him. This is how US attorney Martine Estrada described it. This network included a live-in assistant, various Go-Betweens, two medical doctors and a major source of drug supply known as quote, the Ketamine Queen Robert Rova is a reporter at Elias. He's been following the story and is here to explain who was involved and what happened. Hi Robert. Hi Layla. Okay, so can you tell us more about the people accused of being involved in Perry's death and who the ketamine queen is? Yeah, that would be Jaine Sonya of North Hollywood.


She was arrested yesterday and she's really central to this case. The indictment alleges that the ketamine Sonya distributed last fall is, is what caused Perry's death. A authorities said they found a quote, drug selling emporium when they searched her home. It was her and a doctor, Dr. Salvador Placencia, who were both arrested yesterday. Perry met Placencia while looking to buy Ketamine US attorney Martinez Estrada said yesterday at that press conference that Placencia saw an opportunity to profit off of Perry's addiction. He said he wrote in a text message in September of last year, quote, I wonder how much this moron will pay. Hmm.


Yeah. Estrada said, Perry paid $55,000 for some in cash, actually for some 20 vows of Ketamine over two months last year. It's A lot of money. Why were authorities describing this as a criminal network? Well, that really gets to the, the number of people involved and how they were all, you know, sort of working together to take advantage. You know, it was clear Matthew Perry had a public history of addiction. He'd written about it in his 2022 memoir. US Attorney Estrada said yesterday that the defendants cared more about, about making money off of Perry. You know, rather than caring for his wellbeing. The investigation revealed in the fall of 2023, Mr. Perry fell back into addiction and these defendants took advantage to profit for themselves.


You know, and there were three other people who were charged as allegedly being part of this. Those would include Perry's live-in assistant who injected him with the drug. And after Perry's death, the prosecutor said that they had tried to cover up their involvement. Now ketamine is a controlled substance. How did Perry start using it? So a drug enforcement administration official said that Perry was trying to get help for anxiety and depression, and that's when he became addicted to ketamine. Usually it's cleared for use in anesthesia and it's also approved for some, you know, cases of depression, but only in supervised settings. That same DEA official said that after Perry had become addicted to ketamine at a local clinic, doctors refused to increase his dosage.


And that's when he started looking to other doctors who were ready to take advantage for profit officials said they really wanted to send a clear message with the charges and arrests announced People who saw illicit drugs like this are playing roulette with people's lives. They said, and they wanted to hold people accountable. That's Robert Rova of Elias. Thanks for the reporting, Robert. Thanks. And that's a first for Friday, August 16th. I'm Layla Fen. And I'm Michelle Martin. And don't forget upfirst heirs on the weekends too. Aisha Roscoe and Scott Simon have the news. It'll be here in this feed or wherever you get your podcast. And today's episode of upfirst was edited by Roberta Rampton, Megan Pratz, Sierra Crawford, Janaya Williams, and H, JMI.


It was produced by Ziad Butch Nia Dumas and Lili Kios. We. get engineering support from Robert. Rodriguez And. our technical director is Coleman. Join us again on Monday because we're not here tomorrow. Not here.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Meryl. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like The power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member, SIPC


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Chevron. Chevron's offshore platform Anchor is designed to help safely produce oil and natural gas with high pressure technology. That's energy in progress. Visit Chevron dot com slash anchor


On the TED Radio hour. MIT Psychologist Sherry Turkel, her latest research into the intimate relationships people are having with chatbots. Technologies that say, I care about you. I love you. I'm here for you. Take care of me. The pros and cons of artificial intimacy. That's on the TED Radio Hour from NPR.