
Hello, it's Michelle Martin And a Martinez on this Monday after Thanksgiving. A quick note that it's almost giving Tuesday a global day of generosity. That means it's the perfect time to support the causes and organizations you love. Like us here at NPR, NPR is public media always free and accessible to everyone. If you've given to NPR, thank you for supporting our work. And if you haven't, or maybe it's been a while, well there's no time like the present to support us by signing up for NPR. Plus, Your tax deductible donation not only unlocks sponsor free listening to every episode of upfirst, but it also gives you perks and even some BONUS episodes. For more than 25 NPR podcasts, join us today@plus.npr.org.


That's plus.npr.org. That link is in our episode notes. All right onto the show, President Biden has pardoned his son, hunter, something he previously said he would not do. I said, I abide by the jury decision. I'll do that and I'll not partner him. Alright, So, what changed his mind? I'm Michelle Martin, that's a Martinez. And this is upfirst from NPR News. Trump plans to replace the director of the FBI with a staunch ally one who says he wants to destroy the agency from within. I shut down the FBI Hoover building on day one and reopening the next day as a Museum of the Deep State.


And I take the 7,000 employees that work in that building and send them across America to chase down. Criminals Can cash Patel maker through the Senate confirmation process And a rebel offensive in Syria. Reignites the country's long running civil war. stay with us. We've got all the news you need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva, maker of quality, handcrafted mattresses, founder and CEO. Ron Russon shares one of their core values At Safa, we believe sleep does unlock a superpower. When you wake up and you're totally refreshed, you go after things more and it all starts with being on the right mattress. And that's what Safa has been inspired by from the day that we started. Visit tva.com/npr and save up to $600 Support for this podcast. And the following message come from Sattva Sattva. Luxury mattresses are every bit as elegant as the most expensive brands, but because they're sold online, they're about half the price. Visit SA tva.com/npr and save up to $600.


This message comes from better help. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with better help. try@betterhelp.com slash npr. NPR today to get 10% off your first month,


President Biden has pardoned his son, Hunter Biden. The president issued the full and unconditional pardon seven weeks before he leaves office and after the president previously said he would not do this for More. We're joined now by NPR Justice Correspondent Ryan Lucas or Ryan, what does this Pardon? Cover. So this is as was said at the top. It's a full and unconditional pardon for offenses. Hunter Biden has committed or may have committed from January 1st, 2014 through December 1st, 2024. So yesterday specifically, that includes the two cases brought against Hunter Biden by Justice Department Special counsel David Weiss. In one of those cases, a jury in Delaware convicted hunter of lying on a federal background check form about his addiction to crack cocaine when he bought a gun in 2018.


And in the other Hunter, Biden pleaded guilty to failing to pay at least $1.4 million in taxes. Sentencing in both of those cases was scheduled for later this month. He could have faced prison time, but now of course he has been pardoned. So what's the explanation for this? What has President Biden said? So when a statement put out last night by the White House, president Biden did explain his thinking here. And what he said is that when he took office, he promised not to, to meddle or interfere with the Justice Department. And he says that he kept his word on that even as his son, he says was quote, being selectively and unfairly prosecuted. President Biden says Hunter was charged only after Republicans in Congress. He says, instigated the prosecutions to try to hurt the President politically.


And he says, any reasonable person would look at the facts of these legal cases and conclude that Hunter wasn't unfairly singled out. Now, president Biden said he believes in the justice system, but he also believes that what he calls raw politics infected the process in this instance and led to what he called a miscarriage of justice. so he made this decision to pardon his son, and Biden ended by saying that he hopes that Americans will understand why a father and a president would come to this decision. Any word from Hunter Biden about this? Yeah, he put out a statement last night too, in which he says that he has admitted and taken responsibility for mistakes that he made when he was struggling with addiction.


He says that those mistakes have been used to publicly humiliate him to publicly humiliate his family. He says for political sport, but he says that he has been sober now for more than five years despite those challenges. And he said he will not take this clemency here for granted. He said he'll devote the life that he has now, the one that he has rebuilt since his recovery from addiction to help those who are still sick and still suffering. Now, president elect Donald Trump has criticized Hunter Biden over his business dealings and also his personal dealings and his legal trouble. So how has President elect Trump responded to this? Pardon? Well, certainly not, not positively. President elect Trump put out a short post on social media in which he asked whether the the pardon includes what he calls January 6th hostages.


That's what he calls his supporters who stormed the capitol on January 6th, 2021. More than 1,200 have either pled guilty or been convicted at federal trial in connection with that attack. Trump has vowed to pardon them. It's also worth pointing out that Trump himself faced criticism for pardons that he doled out to several political allies in friends in his first term that includes his one-Time campaign manager, Paul Manafort, Republican operative Roger Stone, Michael Flynn, Steve Bannon, and Charles Kushner, the father of Jared Kushner Trump's son-in-law. Charles Kushner. By the way, Trump has selected to be the next ambassador to France in the President elect coming administration, The NPR Justice correspondent Ryan Lucas.


Ryan, thanks. Thank you. President-elect Trump says he'll nominate Ally Cash Patel to serve as the next director of the FBI. That's Setting up a move to replace the current director Chris Ray, whom Trump appointed during his first term in office. FBI. Director served for 10 years and Ray has two years left on his term. Patel has been a fierce critic of the country's top law enforcement agency and has been vocal about his plans to change it. We're joined now by NPR Justice correspondent Kerry Johnson. So Kerry, tell us more about Cash Patel. What are his qualifications for this job? Patel worked as a public defender and as a federal prosecutor for a while, but he's really best known for his unyielding loyalty to Donald Trump.


And he's been controversial even among some Trump supporters. Patel's falsely said Trump won the 2020 election. He's helped raise doubts about the investigation of Russian election interference in 2016, and for a time he served as an aid in the Pentagon during Trump's first term. But when Trump first proposed the idea of installing Patel at the FBI back in those days, then Attorney General Bill Barr said it would be over his dead body because Patel did not have the qualifications for a job that important in that sensitive. And Patel has not been shy about being vocal about what he sees are problems with the Justice Department and the FBI I. So what's he been saying about those institutions? Patel's been clear about wanting to clean house inside the DOJ and the FBI top ranks.


Here's what he had to say earlier this year on the podcast, the Sean Ryan show, I'd shut down the FBI Hoover building on day one and reopening the next day as a Museum of the Deep State. And I take the 7,000 employees that work in that building and send him across America to chase down criminals. Patel says he wants to shrink the government and do the same thing at the DOJ. He's also said he's ready to use law enforcement power to go after people who oppose Trump with prosecutions and civil lawsuits. And that could include members of Congress, people who prosecuted Donald Trump and reporters. Now FBI director is a 10 year job. There's already someone at that job. Carrie So.


what might happen to this person? That's right. Trump chose Chris Ray, a Republican and a member of the Conservative Federalist Society after Trump fired Jim Comey in 2017. It's been rare to fire an FBI director with time left on his term, but it has happened before and now it's not clear whether Ray would stick around to be fired in January or whether he might resign first over the weekend. The FBI said Chris Ray, the director, is focused on the FBI workforce and on protecting the American people from threats. Now, a couple of weeks ago, Ray attended an event for FBI agents where he got a lot of praise for leading the bureau through a political storm and for focusing on the facts.


Now becoming FBI director requires approval from the Senate. So what's the reaction been so far from lawmakers? Senator Chuck Grassley, a Republican in line to lead the judiciary committee next year, did not explicitly offer support for or against Patel. Grassley said on X. He wants to see more transparency from the FBI and he says Patel needs to prove to the Senate he's ready to reform the agency and restore public trust. But other lawmakers did not sound so. Sure Republican senators are gonna have the power to sink this choice just as they did recently with the idea of putting Florida Congressman Matt Gaetz in charge of the Justice Department and for their part Democrats on Capitol Hill say Trump is following through on his campaign threat to try to turn the Justice Department into a political operation bent on revenge even if Cash Patel does not make it through the process to become the FBI I director.


This choice signals the DOJ and the FBI are in for a very rough ride next year, NPRs Kerry Johnson. Kerry, thanks My pleasure. Rebel militias made territorial gains in Syria over the weekend. In Response, Syrian President Basra el Assad has vowed to crush the rebels who seized much of the country's second most populous city. Aleppo. The country's brutal 13 year civil war has long been in a stalemate, and this renewed fighting poses the biggest challenge to the ruling regime in years. NPR international correspondent Ruth Sherlock joins us now.


So Ruth, what happened catches up on this Good morning. Yeah, well the rebels launched the surprise offensive and made sudden massive gains. You know, the war in Syria, it's been stalemated for many years, but then in just about 72 hours, opposition militias seized the huge city of Aleppo and a string of villages around there. And then they pressed even further south racing down towards the central city of Hammer, rebel General Ahmed Hanzi talked to me about how quickly this all happened. He's saying they broke through the regimes first line of defense, then the second line, and then the third even the rebels seemed shocked by their successes, and there was this brief moment where people thought they might be able to carry on towards the capital Damascus, but then by Sunday, the offensive had slowed.


The government says it's taken, taken back some territory in central Syria. And there's also videos now that seem to show convoys of militias backed by the regime's ally, Iran coming down from Iraq into Syria to help President Assad. The regime's other ally Russia has stepped up airstrikes on rebel hold areas, but for now, rebels still hold most of Aleppo city and large swathes of more territory. Okay, so tell us who these rebels are. Well, it's an umbrella group, some of whom are backed by Turkey. The biggest in this group is an Islamist militia. It's called Hayat Sham or HTS. And it has some members who have had links to Al-Qaeda. And for this reason, the US and Russia have designated them a terror organization.


But HTS has really tried to rebrand itself as a less hardline group, though it is still religiously conservative. and you know there are some many in Syria who would welcome a rebel takeover because Syria is run by a brutal dictatorship. But this is also a country with lots of different religious sects and there are some people who are terrified to see these gains that these Islamist factions are making. We managed to reach one woman in the government held city of Hammer, and she's from the minority alloy sect that's the same as the acid families. And she was too afraid to give her name. She says she's standing on her balcony, watching people streaming out of their homes to their cars packing and preparing to escape as they hear the news over the rebel advance towards them.


There have been sectarian, massacres committed by regime, militias, and opposition forces in this war. Rebels here are trying to show they're accepting of different groups in Aleppo, in the Christian neighborhood this weekend when some fighters knocked down a Christmas tree on the street, the militia made a point of putting it back up and filming itself, doing it. Now Why is all this happening now? Well, one reason is that Assad's key ally Russia is especially stretched in Ukraine. And then there's also been intense Israeli airstrikes on the regime's other ally, the Iran backed militant group has bullah. So neither has been able to protect the regime as it has in the past in this war. And Damascus therefore is more exposed than it has been for many, many years.


It's NPR International correspondent Ruth Sherlock. Ruth, thank you. Thank You. And that's upfirst for Monday, December 2nd. I'm e Martinez. And I'm Michelle Martin. And don't forget, please take our audience survey. This will help us make this podcast better and it will give you a chance to tell us more about what you like or don't like. Go to npr.org/ upfirst survey. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Dana Farrington, James Hyder, Lisa Thompson and Alice Wolfley was produced by Ziat bch, Nia Dumas, Kaity Kline. We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent. And our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from Warby Parker Prescription eyewear. That's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-House from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


Support for NPR. And the following message come from GiveWell. Over 100,000 donors have used GiveWell to donate more than $1 billion. Find out more or make a donation@givewell.org. Select how you heard about GiveWell by Choosing Podcast and enter NPR at checkout.