
Hundreds of thousands of people evacuated ahead of Hurricane Milton's landfall this week in Florida. Officials say that's one reason the death toll is lower than expected. I'm Scott Simon. And I'm Aisha Roscoe. This is upfirst from NPR. News We talked to some of the people who fled. you Gotta be a realist and I'll always run if it's looking like it could kill us. Also a Mass Gathering in Washington DC today organized by people connected to the January 6th rally. The one That proceeded the attack on the capitol And Why Did mortgage rates climb even though the Fed lowered its target interest rate.


So Please stay with us. We've got the News you need to start your weekend.


This message comes from Capital one. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One na member FD I C.


This message comes from BetterHelp. Can you think of a time when you didn't feel like you could be yourself like you were hiding behind a mask? BetterHelp Online therapy is convenient, flexible, and can help you learn to be your authentic self so you can take off the mask because masks should be for Halloween, fun, not for your emotions. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/ NPR.


This message comes from HubSpot. Growing a business means a lot of audience attracting lead scoring and long days. But with HubSpot, it's easier than ever. For marketers to remix content, boost leads and score customers fast. Learn more ET hubspot.com/marketers.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Warby Parker. Their glasses start ET $95 including anti-reflective scratch resistant prescription lenses. That block 100% of UV rays. Try five pairs of frames ET home for free. Go to Warby Parker dot com slash covered.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Lisa. Good sleep should come naturally. And with the new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and Support a greener tomorrow. Plus every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting s just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


More than 10 people have died as a result of Hurricane Milton. Authorities say That number would be much higher if more people had stayed in their homes. N PS. Adrian Florido has been talking to residents about their decision to stay or go and he joins us now from Sarasota where Milton made landfall. Adrian, thanks for being with us. You're welcome. Scott. Residents who left are now returning home and what Did they find, Well, some are finding damage and destruction. Others That. Their homes were spared. I visited Deborah and Steven Lorz ET their house Yesterday. As soon as the storm passed on Thursday morning, they rushed out of the shelter That they'd evacuated to. They were eager to see if their house had survived.


They drove around down trees and power lines and We came around the waterway and mixed her way through and got here and she was here. Their house was fine. The roof lost just one shingle, One little piece of shingle Yeah, which is just a miracle. The Lordes are both Floridians in their sixties. Scott, they have lived through a lot of hurricanes, but they had never evacuated. For one, they told me until now because This looked different than any of the others. It had a beautiful eye and the eye wall was like thick. And We saw That and We said, we're not staying. Adrian. How do they feel about their decision to leave? Well, they said they would not have changed It Because you gotta be a realist.


Yeah, and I'll always run if it's looking like It could kill us. Scott officials are saying That. The fact That so many other people evacuated just like them is one reason. That, there weren't more deaths because a lot of homes were flooded in this storm. They were damaged or destroyed. And of course you Also spoke with people who chose not to leave their homes despite the warnings. Yeah, in fact, I I spoke with the Lords' neighbors who live just a few doors down oa ATO and her partner Joey decided to write it out. Everybody's situation is different and everyone needs to make the best decision for themselves. Now Ossa said That. She and her partner Did a detailed assessment of their house.


It's made of concrete, it's got a brand new metal roof. They weren't worried about flooding because they're 16 feet above sea level, Which sounds like nothing to other people, but that's like the one of the highest points in the city of Sarasota. People They know gave them flack for deciding to stay. But We, Also as a family made decisions and felt safe staying in our home in our particular situation. Oh, So says That. She knows That. For some people though, you know, even for some of her neighbors with different types of houses or ET, slightly lower elevations, this would not have been the right choice. Of course, the the worst Did not come to pass with this hurricane Yeah, our experts worried Adrian That. This might affect how people respond in the future when storms come ashore.


You know, I asked Gianni ssis That, he's an engineer, ET, Florida International University. He researches how to build more hurricane resistant homes. I'm concerned, I'm a little bit afraid. That the average homeowner or the next time they ask them to evacuate, they might think of, oh, you know, last time nothing happened. No, it doesn't work. Like That We should keep taking seriously this extreme events, Especially He says because these storms are get stronger and people's houses might have structural weaknesses. That, they're not even aware of N Ps. Adrian Floto in Sarasota. Thanks so much. Thank You Scott.


Yom Kippur is the traditional Jewish day of atonement. Christian leaders called for people to gather today ET the National Mall for Day of Atonement as well. Women in particular Though the event is not expected to get violent, it's leaders played a big role in the Stop the Steal movement four years ago. N P'S domestic extremism correspondent Odette Yusef is here to tell us more about it. Odette, thanks for being with us. Sure Thing. The organizer of this event called For a Million Women to Gather ET the Mall. How do they use the trimesters? What's That about Yeah? So to understand this We have to Look to the Hebrew Bible. you know, this is a reference to the book of Esther, which tells the story set in the fifth century B C, E of Esther, the Jewish wife of the Persian King.


And according to this story, Esther became aware That one of the king's, courters, was organizing a pogrom against the Jews. And so she's urged by her relative, a man named Mordecai to use her position of influence to thwart That plot. And she does. So today's rally is happening on the Jewish Day of Atonement, Yom Kippur. And it's calling on Christian women, the esters and the men in their lives, the mordecais to fast and pray and gather on the mall for the deliverance of the nation. And really Scott, this is the national culmination of dozens of state-based rallies. That were held back in the spring.


ET state capitals under the tagline, don't mess with our kids. And those had attendance. That ranged from the hundreds to the thousands. And what do they want to communicate with That slogan, don't mess with our kids. Yeah. It's, it's not very specific. Right? And I think maybe that's by design to sort of roll in people who've been activated around several disparate issues in the last few years. So we're expecting the moms for liberty types who've built influence through anti L-G-B-T-Q campaigns. We'll, Also likely see people who wanna see a national abortion ban. And then there are people who believe in the q anon conspiracy theory. I spoke with Matthew Taylor, he's a senior scholar ET, the Institute for Islamic, Christian and Jewish Studies.


And He says That, these narratives, That inspire fear over children being abused can be dangerous The way That, they are ratcheting up. The rhetoric about the threat to children in and of itself, I think is, is dangerous in the way That, it creates a permission structure. That says We have to do whatever We can to stop this group because otherwise our children will suffer or die because of them. So it'll be interesting, Scott, to see how this energy That was really developed in the last four years. ET the local level with these school board fights and library fights translates when it comes together nationally in these weeks before the election. And, And who's organized this event?


The organizers are Jenny Donnelly and Lou Engle. Both of them are connected to a network known as the new Apostolic Reformation or NAR. And the NAR is a collection of non-denominational, charismatic churches and leaders. Some of them call themselves prophets and apostles. And this network has been very closely tied in with former President Trump and Taylor, the religious scholar. That We heard from earlier says That. When Trump became president, he played a key role in sort of shifting the seat of power within the religious right to emphasize this NAR network. The last four years as in many ways completely changed the landscape of the religious right in America in the Trump era.


To the point where many of the most active religious leaders in our politics right now are people. That. 90% of the country have never heard of. So again, this event isn't explicitly political, but Taylor says That in 2020 there were similar gatherings. That, they held and CEO ahead of That election and That helped build energy for Trump. And after election day, That energy was directed towards Stop the steal efforts. And of course, ultimately January 6th this time political violence researchers don't expect another January 6th ET the Capitol. But there's closer attention now to the narratives. That are unifying Trump supporters. And the question of where That energy will go if he loses.


And Pier Aade. Yusef, thanks so much for being with us Aade. Thank you. You know how We always say the Federal Reserve's actions affect home mortgage rates. Well They do, but not always. Precisely. Like this week when mortgage rates rose, even though the Fed cut its target last month, NPR personal finance correspondent Laurel Walmsley is here to explain. Hi Laurel. Hey Aisha. So mortgage rates went up this week, even though interest rates are lower, what in the world is going on here? That's right. The latest data from Freddie Mac showed That.


The average 30 year mortgage rate had increased to 6.3% this week. That's about a quarter point higher than it was two weeks ago. That's probably an unwelcome surprise to the folks who are finally coming off the sidelines to start shopping for a home. So why is this happening? It's because mortgage rates aren't tied to the Fed's interest rate, but instead they follow a different number. The yield on a 10 year treasury bond and That went higher this week for a number of reasons. Got it. So it's not set by the Fed I. I mean that's what I thought. No, there's different numbers floating around and this is not, it's influenced by the Fed, but it's not set by the Fed and Also. Keep in mind, That, the local lenders who actually give you your mortgage need to cover their costs and make a profit.


So they add their own percentage on top. And the specific mortgage rate That you would get would depend on your own factors like your credit score and the size and type of loan That you're get. But overall, aren't mortgage rates lower than they were recently? Yes and That is the big picture to take away from this. Still, even with this uptick mortgage rates are a more than a full point lower than they were this time last year. And lots of people are taking advantage of That, they're refinancing their mortgages. If they bought a house in the last couple years when rates were higher, the lower rates mean they can potentially save hundreds of dollars a month. So it, it sounds like mortgage rates are sort of a moving target right now. Is there any sense of where they'll settle and that's what I really need to know.


Where are they going? You and me both. So I posed That question to Lawrence Yoon, the chief economist, ET, the National Association of Realtors, and here's what he said, I, think the new normal maybe 6% mortgage rate, which We are very close to. If We are lucky, maybe We get to five point a half percent mortgage rate or We could be unlucky he said. And the rate goes back up towards 7%. So this kind of predicting is hard even for economists. But looking around ET, several forecasts, many of them have rates staying above 6% through the end of this year and falling to about 5.8 next year. So If, you do wanna buy a home. you might not wanna wait to see if rates will drop. 'cause if they do, you could always refinance to a lower rate.


But if they rise, it just gets harder to afford a home. So has this had any effect on the housing market? Like are more people shopping for homes? Well, it's still a little early to tell since buying a home can take months from shopping to actually closing. But there are some indications, That, the lower rates are shaking things a bit looser. So, so like what? Well, for instance, more people are listing their homes for sale. There are 23% more existing homes on the market than there were a year ago. And there's a lot of new homes for sale too. That's really good. News for buyers who have not had much to choose from. And home sellers tend to be home buyers as well. So those folks might be entering the market soon. And some sellers have probably been waiting for mortgage rates to drop because it's hard to give up the super low rates.


That, many locked in during the pandemic, even if they're outgrowing their current home. And then another indicator is That applications for mortgages have ticked up a bit 8% higher than a year ago, which Also suggests That more people are preparing to buy a home. It's fall now. School has started I I. Is this a hot time for home sales? Well, definitely not as much as spring and early summer are. so it could be March before We really see a rebound get going here. Fannie Mae is predicting That home sales could be 10% higher next year coming off of the very low levels. That we've been seeing. And as I said, this all goes to show how the Fed can influence mortgage rates, but It does not set them. That's NPR r's. Laura Wamsley, thank you so very much. You're Welcome.


And that's upfirst for Saturday October 12th, 2024. I'm Scott Simon. And I'm aye. Roscoe Michael Radcliffe produced today's podcast with help from Fernando Naro, Martin Patience, and Kira Joaquin. Danny Hensel directed. Our editors were Catherine Laidlaw, Gigi Duan, Andrew Sussman, Raphael Nam and Matthew Sherman. Hannah GL is our technical director with Engineering Support from Nisha Highness, Andy ER, and Ted MEbA. Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Lucy Oliver is our executive producer with Help This week from Julia Redpath. Jim Kain is our deputy managing editor.


Oh, we've been wondering. Tomorrow on The Sunday Story, I'll talk with author Taana Hasi Coates about his new book, the Message, A collection of essays including one on the Conflict in the Middle East. And while you're waiting for That episode to drop, you can listen to more News interviews, sports music, you know, even just some fun. Go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station. Don't delay. Do it now. Let let, let's wait for them. Just no. Well, we'll we'll sit here. We've got time.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music. Or you can Also Support NPRs vital journalism and get upfirst plus ET plus.npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from Bombas Socks. Underwear and t-shirts are the top three requested clothing items by people experiencing homelessness. Bombas makes all three and donates one item for every item purchased. Go to bombas.com/npr and use code NPR for 20% off.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting s just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.