
Hurricane Helene has been downgraded to a tropical storm this morning When it made landfall late last night as a category four storm. it packed a dangerous one, two punch of high winds and a storm surge was the situation on the ground. I'm Michelle Martin with Layla Faddle, and this is upfirst from NPR News. This morning, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will address the UN General Assembly in New York world leaders at the annual gathering have made repeated calls for seas fires in Gaza and Lebanon. The question on everybody's mind is, how are we going to get this to stop? How will Israel respond? And The Sudanese army has launched a major offensive to take back the capital. It's the latest turn in a civil war that's caused the worst hunger and displacement crisis in the world.


Will this offensive change anything? stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day. Hurricane Helene has weakened to a tropical storm as it traveled north from Florida to Georgia. The Storm which had developed into a powerful category four hurricane made landfall in Northwestern Florida last night. Shortly after 11:00 PM with winds up to 140 miles per hour and a storm surge of 20 feet Early. Reports say there have been three storm related deaths. NPRs at Frank Morris has been following the storm and joins us now from St. Petersburg. Hi Frank. Hi. How you doing?


Good. How are you? What more do we know about the damage? Well, we do know at least three people are dead. One person was killed by a falling sign in Florida. Two people in Georgia reportedly died an a possible tornado ahead of the hurricane. They're not clear on the injuries. There is some good news. The eye of the storm hit right between a state park and Flint rock wildlife management areas. So east of Tallahassee and west of Perry, Florida. So, it missed the beach communities that line much of the coast. There's still a bunch, we don't know, like the most vulnerable islands are still cut off from the mainland. We haven't seen damage from wind that tore buildings apart and sent roofs, sailing and shredded thousands of trees. It also snapped power poles, almost 2 million households and businesses lost power, mainly in Florida, but also in Georgia and the Carolinas.


The storm inundated coastal towns, ranging boats from their docks and breaking the docks. Rescue crews were out through the night now, electrical linemen or hard at work, restoring power. And Florida Governor Ron DeSantis says, with daylight more help will kick into gear. Florida Department of Transportation standing by 307, cut in cost crews to get the roads cleared. 120 bridge inspectors to get the bridges back open. Of course, that's not gonna happen immediately. Helene Kaho in a region that's really dense with tree cover, lots of big old live oaks and pines. So just clearing the trees is gonna be a major chore. How are the people in the way of this storm holding out?


Well, again, you know, there's a lot we don't know, but almost 5,000 people in Florida spent the night in shelters and many others just rode it out in their houses. 85-year-old James Judy weathered the storm at home though he says his place is close to the water and prone to flooding. They're Telling everybody to leave. You know, ain't no other place we need to go. I just hate to leave home. Others fled to higher ground. Kevin Collins bought his dream house in Hernando Beach, Florida last year. It's a one story place right off the water. He sandbagged the doors and put his electronic stuff up on tables. But Collins is expecting to find huge losses this morning. The insurance is so high, we don't have it.


You know, we just got regular liability and it's crazy. It's crazy. It's, it's cheaper to just pay for the stuff than have insurance. What's gonna get ruined, you know what I mean? So there's a lot of rebuilding ahead. Now the storm is moving into Georgia and the Carolinas. What are people in the Southeast facing this morning? Well, the wind's tapering off still strong. Georgia is reporting gusts up to 92 miles an hour, and the rain is actually getting worse in places, likely dropping six to 12 inches of rain over the next 24 hours or so. It'll be falling on ground that's, that's already soaked up lots and lots of rain in the last few days. So expecting flash flooding all over the place.


In fact, that's already happening. Parts of Georgia and the Carolinas. And the storm is likely to keep knocking PA people off the power grid across a huge area from Florida to Virginia and the Pacific Coast to Nashville, Tennessee As NPRs Frank Morris joining us from St. Petersburg, Florida. Thanks, Frank. Thanks. All week at the United Nations world. Leaders have been calling for Ceasefires in Gaza and Lebanon. Today It's Israeli prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's chance to make his case to his Peers. NPR is Michelle Kelman, has been at UN headquarters all week and joins us now from New York.


Good morning, Michelle. Good morning, Layla. So what are you expecting from Netanyahu's address? Well, I asked Netanyahu's ambassador to the un, Denny Danon and, and here's what he told me. I think The prime minister, you know, not only will describe what we have endured in the last year, but he will also speak about the future, about, you know, what our plans regarding Gaza and the commitment, you know, to bring back the people of the north back to the homes. And he is talking there about the tens of thousands of Israelis who had to flee their homes last October in Northern Israel after Hezbollah in Lebanon, started firing rockets in solidarity with Hamas, which attacked Israel on October 7th.


So while everyone at the UN has been talking about deescalation in both of these conflicts, the Israeli Prime Minister says that he's determined to hit Hezbollah until it pulls back from the So-called Blue Line that's between Lebanon and Israel. And that's required, by the way, under UN Security Council resolutions. And I have to say that that, you know, his language on Lebanon has sounded similar to me about what he says about Gaza when he talks about the need for a total victory over Hamas. Right. And now of course there are tens of thousands of Lebanese displaced in this moment. The Biden administration has been trying to prevent an escalation like this. Isn't Netanyahu ignoring the us? Yeah, well that's what a lot of people at the UN are saying.


You know, as Netanyahu was flying here, US officials were telling reporters that they had a breakthrough on a 21 day ceasefire that the US and France had proposed. But it seems like that was just a lot of wishful thinking. I mean, the Israelis say they're still discussing this with the us but Jordan's foreign minister, Ayman Sade told reporters at the UN yesterday that this has really been a pattern. And he said that the world has failed to hold Israel to account, take a listen. And the question in everybody's mind is then what? How are we going to get this to stop? And the conclusion that a year of, of failure to do so is that unless Israel is held, this Israeli government is held accountable, unless its faces consequences for its action.


It's not listening to international law, it's not listening to the ICJ. And it's not evening listening to friends, including the us. Yeah. So a lot of frustration and anger here with the Israeli Prime Minister So. It sounds like it'll be a tough audience for Netanyahu. Yeah, definitely. I mean, there are also protestors out on the streets in New York. There are family members of hostages held by Hamas who have been pleading with Netanyahu to make a deal with Ammas and Gaza to get their loved ones homes. So, you know, there's all of these conflicts, expanding conflicts. And remember that the US argument all along to Israel has been that if you reach a deal with Ammas and Gaza, then Hezbollah will stop firing rockets.


But the Israeli officials that I talked to don't just don't really buy that. They see this as a fight with Iranian proxies as Israel's ambassador to the UN put it in the Security Council this week, he called Iran the Spider at the center of this web of violence. And I'm expecting really to hear Netanyahu focus a lot on Iran in this speech. NPRs Michelle Kliman. Thank you, Michelle. Thank You. The Sudanese army has launched a major offensive in Tu in a bid to retake the capital city from rapid support forces or RSF, the paramilitary group that has controlled it for more than a year.


Meanwhile, millions have been displaced since the war began, and it's the worst displacement and hunger crisis in the world. All this is happening as Sudan's military leader is attending the UN General Assembly in New York. NPRs Emmanuel Kintu is there. Good morning, Emmanuel. Good morning, Layla. So this new fight for the Capitol, what more can you tell us? Well, overnight, yesterday, the Army sprung a surprise attack from Du Man, which is a twin city of the capital. And it advanced into northeast parts of qto, which is overrun by the rapid support forces. And we've not seen fighting like this in the capital region for many months. And like so much of this war, the fighting is just playing out street to street in hotels, hospitals at the Arab markets at the University of Qto and the Army have essentially advanced a few miles into the capitol.


It's continued this morning into central parts of Qto. It's not clear how this will end or whether this advance will hold, but it's clearly a bold attempt to shift the balance of power in a war that's gone on for close to 18 months now without either side having a definitive advantage. You were just in Sudan. What are people living through? It's catastrophic. The hospitals in Derman where I went, were overwhelmed from victims of shelling, which was constant from critically high levels of malnutrition, from patients with just common conditions like diabetes that have become so much more fatal because they lack basic medicine, basic equipment.


More than 10 million people are displaced. That's more than a fifth of the country, more than the population of New York. There were so many schools that were turned into shelters. So many people fortunate enough to live in their own homes are hosting relatives, friends, neighbors. And Sudan is a bread basket with huge agriculture. But now half of the country is acutely hungry, according to the un. And it's only gonna get worse unless something significant changes. And it's clear both sides really only see a military solution as the way forward. Now, the push for the Capitol came at the same time. Sudan's military leader was here for the UN General Assembly, and you saw him last night. What did he say? Yes. While the attack was unfolding in Khartoum, Abdul Fat Alain, the military leader of Sudan, he was addressing the UN General Assembly.


And then he held a press conference where he mostly spoke in Arabic. And the timing seemed deliberate. Like he was sending a message, trying to show that the Army is taking the fight to the RSF in the country and taking a more authoritative position internationally. He said the Army was committed to peace, but would never negotiate with the RSF. And then he mentioned the United Arab Emirates. And he repeated evidence from the UN Security Council that was published earlier this year that the UAER basically bankrolling the RSF. He said the UAU was smuggling weapons into Sudan by Chad and Uganda, and that this was prolonging the war.


The UA Eef denied this, but the evidence continues to mount and is a huge focus point. And he was asked about the attacks in Hato and he acknowledged them, but he said very little about it, which made it clear that there is still so much at stake and so much in the ballot. That's NPRs Emmanuel Eken. So thank you, Emmanuel. Thanks Leila. And that's the first for Friday, September 27th. I'm Lela Fadden. And I'm Michelle Martin. And don't forget upfirst Airs on the weekend too. Aisha Roscoe and Scott Simon have the news. It will be here in this feed or wherever you get your podcasts. And today's episode of upfirst was edited by Russell Lewis, Tara Neill Donald Clyde, HJMI and Ali Schweitzer.


It was produced by Iman Maani, Nia Dumas, and Moana. We get engineering support from Carly Strange, and our technical director is Andy, er join us again on Monday.