
Syrian rebels are gaining momentum as they push their way towards the city of Homes. Government forces were unable to stop the insurgents from taking five towns in less than two weeks. I'm Alyssa Adney. And I'm Aisha Roscoe. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. Syrian forces are battling to keep insurgents out of the strategically crucial city of homes. We'll have the latest developments on this story, Plus in South Korea political chaos. After the president declared martial loft, He's now facing calls to resign. As lawmakers fight over whether to impeach him. We'll have the latest from Seoul Plus.


Pope Francis promotes 21 men to the Catholic Church's College of Cardinals. Stay with us. We have the news. You need to start your weekend.


This message comes from Better help this holiday season. Do something for a special person in your life. You give yourself the gift of better mental health, better Help Online therapy connects you with a qualified therapist via phone, video, or live chat. It's convenient and affordable and can be done from the comfort of your own home. Having someone to talk to is truly a gift, especially during the holidays. Visit better help.com/npr to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow, sell without needing to code or design. Just bring your best ideas and Shopify will help you. Open up shop. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This message is brought to you by Lisa. In collaboration with West Elm, discover the new natural hybrid mattress expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LEES a.com to learn more.


A new chapter has started in the long running Syrian civil war After a coalition of rebel forces took several key cities. They haven't faced much opposition from government forces until today as they fight to make their way to the city of homes less than 90 miles away from the Capitol. Damascus, NPR R'S Jane Araf is in the Kurdish region of northern Iraq near the Syrian border. Good morning, Jane. Good morning, Alyssa. So Since this offensive started some two weeks ago, we've seen developments on the ground moving at a lightning pace. What's the latest? Well, the speed and the pace of this offensive is astonishing. A monitoring group, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights now says that opposition fighters are just a few miles from the gates of the capitol.


Damascus. They earlier took Dara province, which was the start of the uprising that led to Civil War more than a decade ago, and they appear close to be taking the major city of humps, which would allow the opposition to isolate regime forces in coastal areas. Latakia and Tarus, which are key to President Bashar Assad's support. You just mentioned Tarus, where Russia has one of its few foreign bases. What is Russia doing at the moment? Well, it appears to be pulling out at warships. According to US military sources. It propped up the Syrian regime the last time that the government faced a much more limited threat.


And Russia is still launching airstrikes in support of the Syrian government, but it doesn't seem able or willing to devote the resources it has in the past. So I guess the big question here has to be if this insurgency could result in the fall of the Assad regime, and if that happens, what would that mean for Iran? So when the Syrian regime 10 years ago lost control of Aleppo, the major city, Russia and Iran helped retake it, but they're both now in much weaker positions because they're fighting other conflicts. MOAs Mufa, who's an activist, the director of the US-based Syrian Emergency Task Force says these territorial losses we're seeing are of huge significance to Iran, which is used Syria as a corridor to send weapons and fighters to Lebanon and Iraq.


It is the fact that Iran has lost its logistical hub in the Middle East. It has lost its connection of TE Iran and Baghdad to Beirut or Damascus, or the border of Jordan, or the border of the Golden Heights or the border of Israel. So there are a lot of borders there as you can see. And while speaking, Mustafa was getting calls from other activists who have been working for years for this moment, and what they hope will follow 13 years of gathering opposition forces, getting international support, building cases of war crimes against Syrian officials. You know, in this region, Syria for centuries has been considered sort of the beating heart of the Middle East.


And between the Civil War, the Syrian regime actions and sanctions, the country has been shattered. So for the opposition, it seems like the first time in a decade that there's a real chance of building a new Syria. But Alyssa, to do that, obviously they'll have to include regime supporters and what is still a divided opposition. So refugees are obviously a huge concern here. 5 million people fled Syria during the Civil War. Would some of these Syrians go back in the event of a regime change? Yeah, you know, a generation has been born as refugees outside their own country, and right now their families are glued to their phones, watching news coverage, showing split screens with rebel advances.


If it were safe enough and they could rebuild their homes, many of them would return to Syria tomorrow. That's NPR r's. Jane, RAF Jane, thank you so much. Thank you. There's unprecedented political upheaval in South Korea this week, which started with the president declaring martial law. The parliament immediately reversed that order and threatened to impeach the president, but whether they can succeed with impeachment is unclear. NPR r's Anthony Kuhn joins us from Seoul with the latest. Good morning. Hi Alyssa. So update us on this impeachment effort.


Well, ruling party lawmakers, that's the president's party boycotted the vote. So the parliament did not get a quorum of 200 of out of 300 lawmakers, and although the opposition parties have a majority in parliament, they don't have a two thirds majority, so they couldn't have a valid vote. Opposition lawmakers say they're gonna keep trying keep submitting impeachment bills until one of them passes, but this one is pretty much finished. You were in parliament today. What was it like? I couldn't make it in. I was struggling to get through the massive crowds. Outside organizers estimated a million people there. Police put it at less than 150,000. It certainly reminded everybody of 2017 when there were huge protests in South Korea's.


First female president Poland Hay was impeached and later jailed on corruption charges. Many of the people I spoke there with said they felt that they owed it to themselves and to their families and to history to be there. I spoke to a 60-year-old retired teacher named Lee Saan, and when she was a college student in the 1980s, students who protested against the then military government were often arrested, beacon and tortured. And here's what she said. She said, seeing martial law declared this week, all the nightmares from that time came back. I couldn't sleep and I was speechless for days. I became a teacher later and I think I've had a comfortable life since and that times have changed, but this feeling of returning to the eighties, the rage was unbearable.


We should note that Yung supporters, president Yung, so supporters were also out there holding their demonstrations, and that's a reminder that the country is politically, deeply divided and polarized. Yeah. Anthony, what have lawmakers been saying about the president declaring martial law on Tuesday night? Well, they say that martial law is supposed to be declared in case of emergencies like war or natural disasters. Yun said he declared it because the opposition was blocking his bills, dogging him and his wife over corruption scandals and opposition. Lawmakers say he tried to use the military to arrest top lawmakers, which you can't do under martial law. Earlier today, president Yun apologized for trying to impose martial law and he said he wouldn't try it again, but he didn't admit to doing anything illegal.


Hmm. What does this political uncertainty mean for the relationship between South Korea and the us? Well, it looks like Yun is gonna keep his job for now, but his problem is that polls in South Korea show that 70% of the people think he should be impeached. And so it's highly likely that large scale protests will continue. Now, the US counts on South Korea for many things. Investment in trade, dealing with the North Korean nuclear issue, and it generally sees South Korea as an ally that helps it to promote democracy and defend the liberal international order. But South Korea may be consumed possibly for months with defending its own democratic order.


NPR is Anthony Kuhn in Seoul. Thanks for your reporting on this political chaos. You're welcome. Alyssa Pope Francis is carrying out a major batch of promotions. He's created 21 New Cardinals, but who are these new cardinals and how will they help shape or reshape? The Catholic church under Pope Francis Clergy and rave covers the Vatican and her work is produced through a collaboration between NPR and religion news service. Good morning, Claire. Hello. So what can you tell us about these 21 men?


First of all, these men come from six different continents. Some represent very small Catholic communities from places like Japan and Serbia and Iran. It really is to show that Pope Francis wants to move the center of power in the Vatican away from the West and more towards a globalized church that can represent 1.3 billion believers around the world. Hmm. I understand that you've had a chance to talk to some of the latest cardinals. What did you learn about their backgrounds? Well, the Vatican invited journalists to meet six of the new Cardinals on Friday, and what really struck me is that these men are really representing the underdogs, not just in the political spectrum, but also when it comes to church teaching.


For example, I spoke to a bishop born in Ukraine who at 44 is going to be the youngest cardinal of the College of Cardinals, and this likely means that he'll see plenty of Conclaves. He made an impassioned speech for the plight of the Ukrainian people and how much he hopes that this position will help him speak to the Pope about what needs to be done to bring peace. The same can be said to the Chilean bishop of Palestinian origins who was made a cardinal, and he also talked about how much there is a need to come to a solution in Gaza and bring peace and resolution to the conflict there and talk about underdog.


The Dominican Friar, Timothy Radcliffe was basically sidelined for 50 years of his ministry, where he challenged church teaching on inclusivity and welcoming towards marginalized groups and especially women or L-G-B-T-Q Catholics, and it really reflects what kind of vision Pope Francis has for the future of the church. Yeah. So what is that vision like? How has the role of being a cardinal changed under Pope Francis? What's different now? Well, Pope Francis has remade the College of Cardinals. This is the 10th time in his papacy that he adds new members to the crop. At this point, he has selected the majority of people who will decide who his successor is, 80%.


In fact, it's a way for him to cement his legacy, but he is also changed dramatically what it means to be a cardinal in the Catholic church, once upon a time they were considered princes of the church, they had comfy lodgings and they couldn't be fired or tried if they did something wrong. That's no longer true under Pope Francis. In fact, during the mass that Pope Francis usually does after a consistory. And The Consistory is the ceremony where they become new cardinals. Is that right? Yes, Correct. The Pope is taken to delivering a finger wagging speech to the cardinals, telling them that this is not a time for them to settle down and relax.


In fact, it's a moment for them to really come forward and be of service to their communities and represents the needs of this incredibly diverse and growing reality. That is the Catholic Church. Hmm. That's RNS Vatican correspondent Claire. Gian Rave. Claire, thank you. Thank you so much, Elisa. And that's Upfirst for Saturday, December 7th. I'm Alyssa Adney. And I'm Aisha Roscoe. Our producer is Fernando Naro with help from Martin Patience. And Andrew Craig. Our director is Michael Radcliffe. Our editors are De Parvez, ed McNulty Shannon Rhodes, James Hyder, and Miguel Macias.


Jaces is our technical director with engineering support from Zach Coleman, David Greenberg and Arthur Holiday. Lauren Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Lucy Oliver is our executive producer, And Jim Kane is our Deputy managing Editor. Tomorrow on The Sunday Story from Upfirst, the federal government launched a program to support the poorest elderly and disabled Americans in 1972. Supplemental security income is a lifeline for some of the most vulnerable Americans, but outdated rules have damage to the efficacy of what was supposed to be a social safety net. And for more news interviews, sports and music, you can tune into weekend edition on your radio.


Go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from GiveWell. GiveWell provides rigorous transparent research about the best giving opportunities so that donors can make informed decisions about high impact giving. To learn more, go to givewell.org and pick podcast and enter NPR at checkout.


This message comes from NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, and HR into one platform. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at netsuite.com/story.