
The fall of Syria's ruler is a blow against Iran. Iranian money and troops propped up the old Syrian leaders. So how much does his government's collapse? Set back an adversary of Israel and the United States. I mean, Martinez. That's Steve Inskeep, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Some American colleges have a warning for their international students. They're suggesting students who leave for the holidays should try to return before inauguration day to avoid any trouble at the border. How real is that Concern? Also, who's flying drones over New Jersey? Could it be a Springsteen fan? Someone who's afraid of the drivers? And is it a coincidence that the radio broadcast of war, the worlds was set there?


We won't just drone on about the state where I used to live, but Stay with us. We've got the news you need to start your day.


This message comes from Better help this holiday season. Do something for a special person in your life. You give yourself the gift of better mental health, better Help Online Therapy connects you with a qualified therapist via phone, video, or live chat. It's convenient and affordable and can be done from the comfort of your own home. Having someone to talk to is truly a gift, especially during the holidays. Visit better help.com/npr to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from GiveWell. You're a details person. You check at least half a dozen reviews before making any big ticket purchase. So when you are giving to charity, check out GiveWell an independent resource for rigorous transparent research about great giving opportunities. Over 125,000 donors have used Give Well, if you've never used Give, well, you can have your donation matched up to $100 before the end of the year, or as long as matching funds last go to Give well.org and pick podcast and enter NPR at checkout.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow, sell without needing to code or design. Just bring your best ideas and Shopify will help you. Open up shop. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


The fall of serious longtime president prompted celebrations by many of its people. It's safe to say the same event led to dismay on the capital of Iran. Yeah, that's because the longtime enemy of Israel and the U US relied on Syria as one of its allies in a bid for power across the Middle East. Iranian troops and money propped up the ruler Bashar Assad during years of Civil War. Now, If you look at a map, you can actually see why Syria offered a connection to Iran's proxies in nearby Lebanon. Now, the government's collapse amounts to Iran's latest disaster. NPR international affairs correspondent Jackie Northam covers Iran. Hey there, Jackie. Good morning, Steve. How did the Iranians use the old Syrian government?


Well, the most important way that it used it is Syria allowed Iran to set up a critical land bridge to Lebanon. So a corridor to Lebanon so it could funnel weapons to Hezbollah for many years. You know, this was crucial to get fighters to weapons going both ways actually. But now that the anti-government rebels control Syria, that strategic route to Lebanon is really most likely off limits to Iran. And that's a huge blow for the regime's long-term goals in the region. What were or are the regime's long-term goals? Exactly? Well, there are two key ones. They wanna see the destruction or the collapse of Israel as a Jewish state.


Iran also wants to counter any power influence that the US has in the Middle East, you know, at the same time projecting the regime's own power in the region using its military and proxies, you know, such as Hezbollah in Lebanon, Hamas, and Gaza, and certainly the Houthis in Yemen. Oh, which underlines how disastrous the last few months have been for Iran, because Hezbollah has been decimated by Israel's military. This is just a moment when you would think Iran would wanting to be resupplying Hezbollah. I guess that's not gonna happen. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. You know, and this is just really gonna make it much, much harder to get, you know, missiles and drones and the like to Hezbollah in Lebanon if this corridor is out of reach now.


But you know, Steve, this isn't the only setback that Iran has faced recently. I spoke with Han Var, and he's a specialist on Iran and its proxies at the Naval Postgraduate School. And you know, he said losing Syria as an ally really marks a profound turnaround for Iran. You know, if considered just a year ago, it was one of the most powerful states in the Middle East. Here he is. It controlled politics on the ground in Iraq, in much of Syria, in much of Lebanon. It was losing ground in Gaza, but only just, and its allies in Yemen controlled much of Yemen. But in the last two months, three months, all of that has been reversed. Hmm. So Steve, you know, not only is Israel degraded Hezbollah, as you mentioned, but it Hamas and Gaza, it assassinated senior Iranian officials and pounded Iran's air defenses.


And now it's lost a powerful ally In Syria. Okay, so might Iran change its strategy of seeking domination through the region? That's highly unlikely. And you know, an Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Alii warned earlier this week, not to underestimate the regime, one of the concerns is if Tehran feels cornered, it may try to use its nuclear program, is leverage. But you know, the other thing that's worth noting in the wake of the shakeup In Syria is that Iran's hard line regime may also be worried about a threat of upheaval from its own population. You know, the economy is terrible, any kind of descent is crushed and tehran's watching what's happening In Syria. I wonder if it's thing could happen in Iran.


NPRs Jackie Northam, thanks for the insights. Thanks Very much, Steve. Some American colleges are preparing for President-elect Trump's second term, and here's One of the ways they're doing that. Several universities, including USC, Penn and Cornell are giving advice to international students if they're going home for the holidays. The university suggests returning before inauguration day, January 20, to avoid any trouble at the border. Kirk Karaza is covering this. He follows higher education for member station GBH in Boston. Kurt, Good morning. Hey, Good morning, Steve.


What exactly are colleges saying? Well, most colleges aren't saying much, but there are some, the ones you mentioned, and a handful of schools here in New England, UMass Amherst, MIT, and Wesleyan have all reached out to international students, urging them to return to the US before January 20th. Harvard also contacted its international students this week. The college suggested those traveling overseas for the holidays, quote, budget time ahead of Martin Luther King Day, which coincidentally is also inauguration day. Okay. So I guess we can imagine why they would make this suggestion, but let's, let's try to get the facts out. What is driving this? Well, I think, I think many administrators are revisiting Trump's track record.


You know, in his first term, new foreign student enrollment dropped by 12 percentage points. You'll remember there was the travel ban targeting several majority Muslim countries heightened visa scrutiny. And then in 2020, the mandate for all international students to attend classes in person, even during the pandemic. Now this time around Trump is promising even stricter policies. At a rally in New Jersey this summer, he warned foreign students involved in campus protests. If you come here from another country and try to bring Jihadism or anti-Americanism or antisemitism to our campuses, we will immediately deport you. You'll be out of that story.


Okay, so he said that, but there's, if at the beginning of that, is it entirely clear what specifically the new president will do regarding international students? No, there are no concrete proposals at this point from Trump or his transition team. But you know, these colleges are trying to make sure their students don't get stuck out of the country when the new semester begins. What Do you hear when you reach out to administra administrators as well as students? They're really anxious, you know, behind closed doors. They tell me they're worried. Ted Mitchell is president of the American Council on Education, and he calls the potential decline of international students a tragedy because he says these students create a global atmosphere that's critical to American campuses.


It's kind of a brain sweep in which American institutions help bring the best and the brightest from other countries to our shores. And I think that the rhetoric of the campaign suggested that, you know, immigrants were the opposite of that. And Steve, you know, some faculty members I talked to, they tell me their students are genuinely afraid. Here's Professor Herardo Blanco. Blanco runs Boston College's Center for International Higher Education, and he says there's a real disconnect on campus between students and administrators Having talked with colleagues. They feel like there is no evidence of a change in policy. And this is not a time to panic, But Blanco says, many students are already very concerned and these colleges are taking precautions to protect them and ease their anxiety.


Yeah. Although Fair point policy hasn't changed yet. We don't really know what's gonna happen. Kirk, thanks so much. Thank you Steve Kirk Karaza covers higher education for GBH in Boston. What in the world is going on and the sky's over New Jersey New Jersey's own Bruce Springsteen once described North Jersey's sky with the line. The sun's just a red ball rising over them, refinery towers. But now we need to add a few drones to the lyrics and to that picture, because people have been reporting flying objects, federal authorities say the drones are not a security threat, which still leaves the question of what they are For more on what we do know about the aircraft, we're joined by WNYC reporter Julie Hayward, who has been covering this story.


So is the federal government planning to investigate these alleged Drone Sightings? Yes. So the FBI and other federal agencies have confirmed that there's an active, ongoing investigation into what exactly is going on with these drones that people are seeing in the sky. It is happening. The Lays information we have is that the federal government's actually sending specialized radar technology to local police departments in New Jersey to help with them sort of monitoring what's going on with these drones. So things are happening. The issue is that some local lawmakers and people who live in the Northeast don't necessarily think things are happening as quickly as they should be.


Okay. But at least they're, they're on the case. Have they said anything about whether they they're a threat at all? So we've heard now repeatedly, both from federal officials as well as some state officials, for example, the New Jersey governor has said this as well, that the drones seemingly pose no public safety risk and that folks should remain calm. However, you'll often hear a little bit of a divide between local lawmakers. There are some state senators, some reps, some mayors even, who have gone on the record and expressed a lot more concern over how safe people actually are. Yeah. Especially if we don't know really anything, anything about what we're seeing.


So you reported that New Jersey residents have been spotting these objects for weeks now, but we've also seen some accounts from folks in Pennsylvania saying that they've seen them now too. I mean, what are locals saying about what they're actually seeing in the skies? I mean, what, I mean, what is, what does it look like? Yeah, So right now the count is Pennsylvania, New York, Maryland, and Connecticut as well as New Jersey. So they're starting to pop up in other places other than New Jersey. At this point, folks just seem to be posting what they're seeing online. This is getting a lot of traction on social media. There are now Facebook groups, there are folks commenting, coming up with theories for what's going on with these drones.


It's getting a lot of attention online. Aliens, any talk of aliens? Definitely aliens. There are some people concerned that this is a national security threat. Oh, spies from foreign nations. You name it, someone has said it. I mean, if, okay, so if, if it's been going on since last month, why are most Americans just hearing about this now? That's a great question. So this has been going on for weeks. I'm talking like since mid-November. People in New Jersey originally were the ones to say that they were spotting drones in the air and nobody was really sure why. Part of why it's gaining so much traction now is that it's spreading outside of New Jersey. We're now having sightings in New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, elsewhere.


And then on top of that, it's all the attention it's getting on social media as well. And then you also add to that, the fact that you now have lawmakers who are talking about it. There was a hearing in Congress about it earlier this month. So people are now paying more attention, which is then sparking more interest and is, you know, fanning the flames more so to speak. If the FBI just sends Molder and Scully out to investigate, they'll get to the bottom of this. Julia Hayward is a reporter for WNYC. Julia, thanks a lot. Thanks For having me. And that's Upfirst for this Friday, December 13th. I'm Steve Inskeep, And I mean Martinez. Don't forget Upfirst Airs on the weekend too.


Aisha Roscoe and Scott Simon have all the news. It'll be right here in this feed or wherever you go get those podcasts. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by DEI Skanky, Steven Drummond, Ally Schweitzer, HJ Mai, and Muhammad Al Bari. It was produced by Zid bch, Nia Demas and Ben Abrams. We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Our executive producer is Kelly Dickens. Join us Monday. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks?


Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus do npr.org.


This message is brought to you by Lisa in collaboration with West Elm. Discover the new natural hybrid mattress expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LEES a.com to learn more.


This message comes from NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud ERP, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, and HR into one platform. Download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at netsuite.com/story.