
President Trump talks of strikes against Iran. I may do it. I may not do it. I mean, nobody knows what I'm gonna do. I can tell you this, that Iran's got a lot of trouble. Why do some of his allies warn of forever War? I'm Steve Inskeep with Layla Faddle, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Iranians are fleeing their capitol. As Israeli attacks escalate, Israelis suffer damage to a hospital. What is life like in an Israeli neighborhood that suffered damage? Our colleague Daniel Estrin, is an eyewitness, and The Social Security Trust Fund now looks a little less stable. The people who oversee it say it's projected to run out of cash in less than 10 years.


We're worried that we're not gonna get it. It's gonna be taken away, so we better get it. While we can Stay with us, we'll give you the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having Rinse. Do it for you. With one touch in app scheduling, pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear. Handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse makes laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at Rinse dot com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from better help. June is Men's Mental Health month and every year 6 million men in the US suffer from depression. If you're feeling overwhelmed, the strongest thing You can do is ask for help and better help can make it easy. Take a short online quiz and connect from home with a qualified therapist. Visit better help.com/npr today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HHEL p.com/npr.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you're tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees and free perks, Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available, taxes and fees, extra cement Mint Mobile for details.


President Trump is being mysterious about whether he plans to join Israel's war on Iran. Israel's president, Isaac Hertza told our correspondent Daniel Estrin in an interview that he welcomes international support And that Israel has a dialogue with the us. It's a decision that needs to be taken by the president and his team. While we wait to learn about that decision, the war continues overnight. Israel says its Air Force struck the Iraq nuclear reactor in Iran. Israel is expanding its targets to Iranian government sites, and Iran has launched more missiles at Israel, striking a major hospital in residential buildings. NPRs Daniel Estrin joins us now from one site hit this morning in Central Israel.


Good morning, Daniel. Good morning, Layla. I can hear a lot of bustling around you. Where are you right now? I'm in Lon. It's a suburb of Tel Aviv and I'm outside the multi-story apartment building that authorities say was the worst hit site by Iranian missiles early this morning. They say several people were badly injured. Here I'm looking at concrete, a mix of exposed rebar, car windows shattered, and also in Southern Israel, the biggest hospital there was hit by Iranian missiles. No serious injuries were reported. By the way, Iranian state media says Israel also struck a hospital in Iran earlier this week. But here, residents are very shaken. This morning I spoke to some who said dust filled the bunker that they were in through the windows that blew open from the blast.


And you mentioned the hospital, which was hit in Southern Israel. Tell us more about what Israel hit overnight in Iran. Well, one of the main targets according to Israel, was the Iraq nuclear reactor. Now, Israeli military officials say the site was never operational, but they say it could be activated if Iranian leaders decide to do so. But we don't have clear reports from the ground in Iran. Layla, Iran blocked internet access overnight, and Iran does not give details about most Israeli strikes. I should also say Israeli officials, while they acknowledge that military sites have been hit by Iran, they issue gag orders on reporting exactly which ones. But Israel does say that it is now expanding its targets to include Iranian government sites in Tehran, and they say that will be to quote destabilize the regime.


Interesting. So as you point out for all the reasons that you just said, we don't know a lot about what's happening inside Iran, but Daniel, you did speak to the president of Israel, as we mentioned earlier, is regime change an official goal of Israel's offensive in Iran? Well, when I sat down with Israel's president, Isaac Herzog yesterday, he said it would be up to the people of Iran to rise up against the regime, but he said that could be a secondary result of Israel's attacks. He says, Israel's main goal is to destroy Iran's nuclear program. Now, president Trump says he hasn't yet decided to attack Iran's nuclear program. What does Israel want? Well, here's what President Herzo told me about that yesterday. We would welcome anything that helps eradicate the Iranian nuclear program completely including the main two sites, Fordo and Naans.


But as we said, you know, we are doing it alone and we hope that there will be further support by other nations. I spoke to one Israeli man, Ali Maia, who ran down to his bomb shoulder in the building that took a direct hit here, and he said, Israel needs us help to destroy the nuclear program. Israel couldn't do it, just Trump B 52, boom, boom. The US does have B 52 war planes and the Bombas needed to penetrate Iran's most fortified nuclear site forea. So many Israelis are hoping for that this morning that Trump agrees to join the war NPRs Daniel Estrin reporting from the site of an Iranian missile attack in Central Israel. Thank you, Daniel.


You're welcome. Here's some of what the president said to reporters yesterday about striking an Iranian facility at Forea. We're the only ones that have the capability to do it, but that doesn't mean I'm going to do it at all. In the space of a few minutes, the president said, quote, I've had it with Iran, but also said that in war quote, a lot of bad things can happen. NPR White House correspondent Franco Ordonez joins us to talk about it A morning Franco. Good Morning, Layla. So you were part of the scrum of reporters pressing President Trump yesterday for details of his plans. What's he signaling? You know, the president continues to leave the door open for us strikes in the Oval Office. He told us he has some ideas about what to do, but that he also likes to make final decisions at the last minute because things change, especially with war.


And he had this to say on the lawn, I may do it, I may not do it. I mean, nobody knows what I'm gonna do. I can tell you this, that Iran's got a lot of trouble and they want to negotiate. And I said, why didn't you negotiate with me before all his death Yesterday he met again with his national security team inside the situation room, and they are clearly continuing to discuss these next steps. So we hear him there saying, maybe I'll do it, maybe I won't. I mean, is this just a negotiating tactic to pressure Iran? I mean, that is always a high potential with Trump. I mean, remember, his message is often pieced through strength and he's definitely giving off some mixed signals. I mean, I asked him several times about whether he'd send us officials to meet with Iranians, which he said he might.


Trump said Iranian officials have actually reached out to him to negotiate, including suggesting a visit to the White House. Trump said he was open to that idea and appreciated the offer, but he also said it was probably too late. Okay. How is Iran responding? I mean, strongly. I mean, the Foreign Minister released a statement last night saying that Iran is solely acting in self-defense And that they are not seeking to develop a nuclear weapon. And Iran's diplomatic mission to the United Nation dismissed Trump's claims that Teran seeks negotiations with the White House. Even calling Trump cowardly the mission said they would not negotiate under duress. Franco, you told us yesterday about how the prospect of US involvement has really split Trump's most ardent supporters.


Anything new there? Yeah, it really has. And Trump has really bristled over the comments from former Fox News host Tucker Carlson, who opposes US intervention. Trump actually said yesterday that Carlson called him and apologized for some of the things he said, but Carlson has not backed down. Or if others, such as Trump's former aide, Steve Bannon, who told reporters at an event yesterday that MAGA world is very concerned about another forever war Trump had this to say about those kind of concerns. I Don't wanna fight either. I'm not looking to fight. But if it's a situation between fighting and them having a nuclear weapon, you have to, you have to do what you have to do. Can we talk more though about his evolution?


Because this is a dramatic shift from just a week ago when he was invested in a diplomatic resolution with Iran? Yeah, I mean, clearly he's had an evolution in his thinking and he acknowledged that yesterday explaining how it shifted after the first night of strikes, how he has been disappointed in the slow pace of negotiations. You know that evolution has been particularly stark over the last few days. You know, first denying involvement in the strikes to later taking some credit for it. Hmm. And now Trump is saying that the US may be the only ones to finish the job. That's NPRs Franco Ordonius. Thank you, Franco. Thank you.


The Social Security Trust fund is expected to run out of cash in eight years according to a new report. Unless Congress acts before then, benefits for millions of retirees would be cut by 23%. NPRs Laurel Wamsley is here to talk with us about what this all means. Good morning, Laurel. Good morning, Layla. Okay, so this really doesn't sound like good news for retirees and Americans who hope to retire someday. So how did the country get to this point? Yeah, well, this is a long running concern, and now we know it's gotten a bit worse. According to this new report from the program's trustees, like you said, the Social Security Trust fund is expected to run outta cash eight years from now.


That's early 2033, and it's a bit sooner than previously expected. That's largely because of this new law that increased benefits for nearly 3 million workers who get pensions like teachers, firefighters, and federal employees. Those increased benefits mean the trust fund will be depleted sooner. And the trust fund is where social security taxes and other income are deposited. Now, social security retirement benefits are largely pay as you go. The money for today's retirees come from the payroll taxes of today's workers. For a long time, over three decades, there was more money going in than coming out. But in 2021 that changed and social security started redeeming the trust funds reserves.


Okay. So you said it changed in 2021. What caused the need to dip into those funds? Well, demographics changed. The population of the US is aging more than 11,000. Baby boomers turn 65 every day. And for each person who's drawing social security, there are now fewer young workers paying taxes to support the system. For now, the trust fund works as a backstop, but once it's depleted, there won't be enough coming in to cover the full amount of promised retirement benefits. Okay. So when the trust fund runs through its reserves, do people's benefits just disappear? No, but they would be cut significantly. Retirees would receive just 77% of their promised benefits, And that percentage would continue to decline to 69% by the end of the century.


And that matters because social security benefits are the largest source of income for most retirees. And you know, this news is coming just as there's been an 18% spike in social security claims so far this year. Oh wow. I mean, what's behind that spike? Well, some of it is because baby boomers are hitting retirement age and because of that new law affecting people with pensions. But there's another reason I heard from a lot of folks filing sooner than they'd planned that they're worried about their future. I spoke with Bill Armstrong and birth at Colorado. He moved up his date to file for Social security. He's fighting cancer and has had a hard time finding work. He said he knows plenty of other people claiming right now We're worried that we're not gonna get it.


It's gonna be taken away, so we better get it while we can. So what can be done about the shortfall in Social Security Funds? Well, Congress could raise taxes, they could cut benefits or some combination of the two currently. For instance, people don't pay social security taxes on any income above $176,000 a year to help fill the gap. Congress could change that if no changes are made, though benefits will be cut automatically when that trust fund runs out. That's NPR r's, Laurel Wamsley. Thank you, Laurel. You are welcome. And that's Upfirst for Thursday, June 19th. Juneteenth, happy Juneteenth.


I'm Layla Fing. And I'm Steve Inscape. Your next listen can be Consider this from NPR News. Upfirst gives you three big stories of the day. Consider this dives into one. Listen now And today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Roberta Rampton, Alex Leff, Jane Greenhalgh, Jana Williams, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Zid Butch, Claire Murashima and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Stacey Abbott and our technical director is Carly. Sorry, Carly. And our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us again tomorrow. I was waiting to say perfect pronunciation on all the names and then write it right The end, and then my that. My favorite name? Carly Strange.


Detective Carly tro. Carly Lara. She just, it makes me think of Carmen San Diego. I don't know why. Oh, maybe that's it. Remember? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. Mint Mobile took what's wrong with wireless and made it right. They offer premium wireless plans for less. And all plans include high speed data, unlimited talk, and text, and nationwide coverage. See for yourself at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


This message comes from Bombas. Nearly 30% of marathoners and their race blistered Bombas running socks are strategically cushioned. To help say buy to blisters, run the Bombas dot com slash npr and use code NPR for 20% off your first purchase.


This message comes from homes.com. homes.com knows having the right agent can make or break your home search. That's why they provide home shoppers with an agent directory that gives you a detailed look at each agent's experience, like the number of closed sales in a specific neighborhood, average price range and more. It lets you easily connect with all the agents in the area you're searching so You can find the right agent with the right experience, and ultimately the right home for you. homes.com. We've done your homework.