
Military officers planned a strike on an Iranian nuclear facility for 15 years. They Literally dreamed about this target at night when they slept. What were the results once the attack finally came? I'm Steve Inskeep with a Martinez, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. The Supreme Court ends its term today with six rulings due including one on birthright citizenship. Three lower courts have blocked the president's birthright citizenship executive order, and the court will decide whether judges have the authority to issue nationwide injunctions against such things. And the US has pledged funding for a new Israeli and US supported eGroup in Gaza.


Gaza health officials say hundreds of Palestinians have been killed as they approach the group's distribution sites for food. Stay with us. We'll give you all the news You need to start your day.


Support comes from our 2025 lead sponsor of upfirst Amazon Business. How can you free your team from time consuming office tasks? Amazon Business empowers leaders to not only streamline purchasing, but better support their teams. Smart business buying tools enable buyers to find and purchase items fast so they can focus on strategy and growth. It's time to free up your teams and focus on your future. Learn more about the technology insights and support available at Amazon Business dot com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Vanta. Whether you are a startup founder or a seasoned security professional proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. Vanta automates compliance for SOC two, ISO 27 0 0 1 HIPAA and more helping you build customer trust. According to a recent IDC study, Vanta customers achieve over $500,000 per year in benefits. Go to vanta.com/ upfirst to meet with a Vanta expert about your business needs.


This message comes from Capital One. Your business requires commercial banking solutions that prioritize your long-term success with Capital One. Get a full suite of financial products and services tailored to meet your needs today and goals for tomorrow. Learn more at capital one.com/commercial Member FDIC.


The Trump administration has revealed a number of new details about US airstrikes on Iran's nuclear program. The president's top military advisor described an operation many years in the making, and at the end of those years, he said B two pilots put giant Bombas on the target and returned safely at the same briefing. The defense secretary attacked the media, but officials did not give much clarity on exactly how much damage the attack did to Iran's nuclear program. For More, we're joined by NPR National Security correspondent Greg Myy. Greg. So are we any closer at all to knowing how much damage was done to Iran's nuclear program? Well, we're learning more, but we still don't have a clear assessment and a, it's, it's probably not realistic to expect one at this point.


All the evidence presented by the Trump administration shows the US airstrikes hit their target Sunday at three separate nuclear sites south of Iran's capital, Tehran. But President Trump just got way out ahead of everyone by immediately saying the Iranian program was completely wiped out. There just doesn't appear to be enough intelligence yet to make such a definitive statement. Secretary of State, Marco Rubio, defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, and CIA director John Ratcliffe, briefed senators on Capitol Hill. Thursday, a number of senators emerged and said it's just too early to tell the full extent of the damage. There Was also that Pentagon briefing that Steve mentioned earlier, Greg, where we heard about how long the US has been tracking developments at the most important nuclear site.


Fordo. Tell us about the briefing. Yeah. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs General Dan Kane, said the US detected Iran's work on the mountain in Fordo early on. So way back in 2009, the military selected a couple officers with the Pentagon's Defense Threat Reduction Agency to work on this full time For more than 15 years. This officer and his teammate lived and breathed this single target for D. He watched the Iranians dig it out. He watched the construction, the weather, the discard material, the geology, every nook, every crater. They literally dreamed about this target at night when they slept.


And this was extremely sensitive and secretive work. They couldn't discuss it with family or friends. They just kept grinding away all these years with all the twists and turns involving Iran's nuclear program. So what problems did they see? Well, they came to realize the US didn't have a weapon that could reach a target this deep inside a mountain, perhaps 300 feet down. So Kane said they collaborated with munitions experts, and the result was this 30,000 pound bunker busting bomb known as the massive ordinance penetrator. They tested it over and over again. They accomplished hundreds of test shots and dropped many full scale weapons against extremely realistic targets for a single purpose.


Kill this target at the time and place of our nation's choosing. And that time and place came Sunday in Iran. Okay. So it seems like information is, is trickling in. What are we learning though? Iran's foreign minister, aba, the rag chief, said his country's nuclear facility suffered serious damage, but he didn't provide details. And Raphael Grossey, the head of the UN's nuclear watchdog agency, the International Atomic Energy Agency, also said he believes there was significant damage, but he doesn't think the entire nuclear program was destroyed. Now, a big question is the whereabouts of 900 pounds of highly enriched uranium.


Did Iran hide that somewhere before the US attacks? Well, gross. He said Iranian officials told him they did take protective measures for that uranium, which could be used for a bomb eventually. Right. That's NPR r's. Greg Myy. Greg, thank you. Sure thing. Eh, Today is the last day of the Supreme Court term. Yeah. And the court has been releasing its rulings in many cases today. We expect to learn their opinions on the final six, including some of the biggest ones argued this term. NPR Legal Affairs correspondent Nina Totenberg is covering this and is in our studios.


Once again. Hi, Nina. Hi there, Steve. Okay. The major case we're looking at is on birthright citizenship. It revolves on the meaning of a phrase in the Constitution, a sentence, all persons born in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the United States. The Constitution says, what should we be looking for in the case? Well, Donald Trump has issued an executive order saying that only some children born in the United States can be citizens. And it's directly opposite of what the actual text says in the Constitution. And every judge to have ruled on it has said he's wrong. It's every baby born in the United States. Is it automatically an American citizen?


The Justice Department, I think knowing that it was gonna lose this case on the merits, didn't ask the court to reverse those decisions. Instead, it's, it went to court and said, please, Supreme Court, these judges have made their rulings apply nationwide And that exceeds their authority. We want you to bar these kinds of nationwide injunctions, which if the court does, that would make litigating against Trump administration policies exponentially more difficult. Given What you said that the administration went to the Supreme Court on this narrower question, could the Justices rule anyway on the question of birthright citizenship and what it means?


Look, they're the Supreme Court of the United States. They can do what they want. But the question wasn't briefed or argued, and it wasn't discussed in the argument at all. What are some of the other cases you're watching for? There's a big case from Montgomery County, Maryland that tests whether parents are entitled to opt their children out of classes when they object to the school district's curriculum on religious grounds. This was a case involving grade school children and books that had gay and lesbian characters. But you could imagine that it might be in also about teaching Darwin's theory of evolution. So it has a lot of potential for punch, and school officials are pretty nervous about it.


There's something about Obamacare before the court. Yeah. There's yet another challenge to the Affordable Care Act brought by conservative groups. This time. Obamacare's opponents are targeting a measure that requires most private insurance companies to provide free preventive care without copays or deductibles to both adults and children. And there are about 150 million people who benefit from this, and it'll be gone if the court rules with the challenges. Finally, there's also a case challenging a Texas law that seeks to crack down on kids' access to pornography by requiring everyone, including adults, to provide proof of age on the website before they get access.


Hmm. So once the court rules on these cases, are you, and they done for the summer? Not quite. There are several cases on the shadow docket, otherwise called the emergency docket. These are consequential cases involving layoffs of federal workers, shuttering various agencies, deporting people without due process. So they're gonna have to work over the summer, but they'll probably work from very glitzy places. Got it. Well, Nina will be listening for your coverage later in the day. Thank you. NPRs Nina Totenberg, The US is stepping up its support for a food programming Gaza that the United Nations has described as a death Trap.


The Trump administration says it's allocating $30 million for that program. It comes at a moment when chaos is spreading in Gaza, where armed groups are now looting and attacking United Nations aid. Convoys here To tell us more about, this is NPR International Correspondent II in Dubai, a warning that we will be talking about some graphic details of the violence in Gaza. So I'll start off by just telling us about this plan and why the Trump administration is funding it. Sure. So this is a plan that began in Gaza exactly a month ago, and it's a plan that Israel devised, and it works like this. A group calling itself, the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation uses American contractors to distribute boxes of food in just four sites in Gaza.


And these four sites are drawing thousands of hungry people every day, desperate for food. Now, Gaza's Health Ministry says hundreds of them have been killed and thousands wounded trying to reach these GHF sites since they began operations. This group, GHF insists, these shootings are not happening near their sites. But here's what State Department, Tommy Spokesman, Tommy Pickett had to say yesterday We see the $30 million approved. So that's what the story is here. Moving to implement, get those creative solutions in there to make sure that the aid being distributed is not being looted by Hamas. And he called on other countries to join in funding GHF. But this week, a dozen human rights and legal groups warned that any countries or donors backing GHF are potentially liable for complicity in war crimes.


But Why is it so deadly right now to get food there? You know, partly it's because these GHF sites were put in military zones where Israeli troops are positioned and where Palestinians are not supposed to be. And so people are being shot in these red zones, and Israel's military says it's fired warning shots at crowds, approaching troops clearing them out. The military says it's reviewing and undergoing learning processes like building fences and expanding routes to these sites. But these daily shootings continue. And I want you to have a listen to American physician Dr. Aden Hussein from Dallas. He's been volunteering in Gaza for the past two weeks. He tells me every day he's treating people shot near these GHF sites. He called it a horror movie on repeat. I can't tell you how many boys, young boys and adults that get rushed into my resuscitation bay, bleeding out from their abdomen, bleeding out from their head.


And when I'm exposing them trying to look for their injuries, what I find is empty bags, empty bags that they had only hoped to fill with food just so that they could survive and for a few more days. And you know, he sent me photos this week of boys who've lost their eyes and boys who've been paralyzed being shot by Israeli forces near these GHF sites. Wow. That's difficult to hear. Okay. So this, this plan by Israel in the US is supposed to keep aid from reaching Hamas, but we're seeing these incidents of, of looting still happening in Gaza. So who's behind that? So there's hardly been a trickle of unaid allowed into Gaza, and most of it's being looted by hungry people and armed clans.


Now, Palestinians say 128 trucks were stolen by armed clans in Southern Gaza in just the past two days. Now, this comes as Israel has admitted to arming groups in Gaza to undermine Haes groups that are known for looting. But what we're seeing now is even more clans clashing with Haes security officials who are trying to crack down on this looting and the price gouging of these stolen goods in the markets. Now, one of these clans actually rated Nasser Hospital where Dr. Hussein and other American doctors volunteer and opened fire inside yesterday. But we also yesterday saw Haes security forces being targeted by an Israeli airstrike. The Gaza Health Ministry says 19 people were killed trying to get flower that these security forces had confiscated from the looters and we're distributing to a crowd of people.


Now, these security forces are under the interior ministry, which oversees the police. Israel's military has acknowledged throughout the war targeting police in Gaza saying they're an arm of hems. Hundreds have been killed. But Gaza's police say they're not part of any political or armed wing of hems. Ultimately, you know, this chaos and breakdown of order is happening after more than 20 months of war, as Haes is also losing its grip on the territory. That's NPR correspondent Aya in Dubai. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. We're in the middle of the podcast that gives you the latest news, three big stories of the day.


But a big part of journalism as we do it at NPR News, is to return to a story to come back again and again. And we're going now to hear in the next several minutes in a special part of this episode from a figure who is reinventing herself. Michelle Obama, the former first lady, says she's staying away from politics and campaigning and trying to bring her civilian self into view, specifically within view of our own Rachel Martin. She's our former co-host who now hosts NPRs Wild Card, where she asks guests big questions about their lives pulled from a deck of cards. And she's in our studios. Rachel, good to see you. It is so good to be here. What new could be said about such a very famous person, though, right.


This is a person whose life has been examined from the inside out for so many years. Yeah. And now she very much wants to be in control of the narrative of her life. And that means getting to say no to things. Hmm. I mean, you'll remember she did not go to President Trump's inauguration this year. She did not go to President Jimmy Carter's funeral. She's saying what she wants to say, how she wants to say it, especially on this new podcast she's got with her brother. It's called IMO. She hosts it with Craig Robinson where she wants to be. I mean, she wants to be able to be more casual. She wants to throw off all the limitations that were put on her as, as the first lady living in the White House. Somehow She said yes to you while saying no to the current president. That's right. I feel very Honored.


Exactly. So, so what, what, what did you hear from her then? Because she did not attend that funeral, the inauguration, all this kind of public chatter, even in the press, started picking up these rumors about Her. They separated. Exactly. Yeah. Separat. So I did not even bring this up to her. She brought it up Steve. She very much wants to set the record straight. She's not letting stuff like that lie anymore. And we've got some tape of that. Let's listen. Even in this phase in our lives, when Barack and I say something right or wrong, it does get covered. Yeah. You know, the fact that people don't see me going out on a date with my husband sparks rumors of the end of our marriage.


I mean, it's sort of, so we still, you know, so that is like the apocalypse. It's the apocalypse. It's like, okay, so we don't Instagram every minute of our lives. We are 60. We're 60. Y'all Speak for yourself. Still got a little ways to go yet. Right. But anyway, let's listen to some more of this conversation. And for people who are new to Wild Card, Rachel does hold up three cards at a time and the guest chooses a card with a question. Here we go. One, two, or three. Let's do one. Let's do one. Yeah. Has ambition ever led you astray? I I don't know if my ambition has ever fully been able to actualize itself because of the nature of what me and my husband have done.


I mean, you know, I guess you as a team. As a team, right. You know, it Wasn't about your individual Ambition, was it? Right. It was the team ambition. And I, I went along, arguably kicking and screaming. Right. And, you know, I, I think I'm now at a stage in my life where all my choices are mine, all my, you know, now I can say that whatever I'm doing from this point on is about my ambition. You know? And that's fairly new, right? Yeah. Because as a, a working mother, I, you know, I think all of that stuff, it kind of cut my ambitions short a little bit.


Yeah. Because I had to make a set of decisions. Okay. My husband's over here, I've got these kids over here. I, I don't know if I can afford to be ambitious right now. Right. So I have to take a step back, even though ambition is there. Yeah. I can see where I could make more money. I could do that. Yeah. But, you know, I got these little kids that I love. Yeah. And I do wanna go to the Halloween parade that, and I wanna, you know, so I think I kind of squelched my ambition, but now is a time for me to embrace my own ambition and to define it for me. So maybe the answer is, we'll see.


Yeah. Because I think I'm just now stepping, fully stepping into my own ambition. Yeah. And right now, I I I have not regretted it. Part of am ambition in living your own life is, is saying yes to things you wanna do. It's also saying no, I imagine to things that you don't want to do. For sure. Yeah. And we experienced that. One of the major decisions I made this year to stay put and not attend funerals and inaugurations and all the things that I'm supposed to. And that was a part of me, you know, using my ambition to say, let me define what I want to do.


Yeah. Apart from what I'm supposed to do, what the world expects of me. And I had, I have to own that. Those are my choices. Whatever the backlash was, I had to sit in it and own it. Yeah. But I didn't regret it, you know? Yeah. 'cause it's your Life. It's my life now. And I can say that now, but we'll see there May maybe next year we sit down, I go, you know, Rachel, I went a little too far. Gonna rain back in. Gonna Rain it back in. Three more. Three More.


1, 2, 3. Two, two. What's a piece of advice you were smart to ignore? Oh my gosh. Hmm. You're not Princeton material. Hmm. Who gave you that one? My college counselor in high school. Are you serious? I'm so serious. Yeah. I've written about, about this. But yeah, I was a senior at Whitney Young Magnet High School, and you know, it's a big school magnet program. I was a great student. I was an honor student.


I was the treasurer of the senior class. But when I sat down with her, the woman who was supposed to encourage me, she lifted, Dream big, walked to big Doors. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. She told me, Hmm, I don't think you're Princeton material. So what was your in the Moment? I was just furious. I was furious. I, but I was familiar with that, that bar lowering. Yeah. Right. Because it, it ha it happens to minority kids, poor kids, kids of color all the time. People make snap judgments based on their biases and their limitations.


They don't ask questions. And it helped me because throughout my life, when I would hit those roadblock or meet those people, I was lucky enough to be the child with the temperament that it didn't wound me. It angered me and it made me think, I'll show you. Yeah. Oh, oh, oh. You don't think I can do this? I'll show you. You know? And I think I just walked away from that woman. I never talked to her again. Yeah. Do you remember getting, I mean, it was probably an envelope in the mail, right? When I got envelopes Yes. Email. Yes. You got your accepted letter. It wasn't an email. It wasn't an email, it wasn't a click on. Right. Do you remember like looking for, yeah, I can't remember.


Was it the bigger, the bigger it was, the bigger one that was, Is kind of harsh. Yeah. No, it was, it was one of the proudest moments, you know, to, I, I didn't have a lot of support. My parents loved me, but once we started doing things like applying to Ivy League schools, I mean, we were kind of out of their league. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, my mom could read over my essay and, but you know, everything I did felt amazing to her. I don't know if she or my dad felt like, well, you could change this segment. Or, you know, I mean, they weren't editing us. Yeah. They were encouraging us. Looks good. Go for it. Looks great. Yeah. They're like, go forward. You are fabulous. Yeah. Right. So I was, I was relieved.


Yeah. To prove Yeah. The doubters wrong. Right. It wasn't just your parents who knew it wasn. Yeah. Somebody else sees this out here. That's right. Sometimes we need external validation. Yeah. One, two, or Three. Let's go with two. Two, How often do you think about death? Hmm. My husband thinks this is morbid, but at 61, you know, if, if I am lucky, if I am truly blessed, I'm like 25 more summers. Oh, yeah. You know, and I measure out how old my kids are against that.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Because If you are not mindful about time, you know, like 10 years we've been out of office for 10 years. Right. What happened? What happened in those 10 years? You know? I mean, it's like what I did a lot. Right? I mean, two, three books, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. There's a lot that happened, but it went by fast. And I'm at the stage of life where I want the next 10 years to go by. Slowly. Yeah. Because guess what I love, I love life. I love my life. I love life. But If you, I, what I feel is that if I'm not mindful about it, the years slip away and you wind up spending a year doing what did you do?


Anything you wanted to? Did you spend time with the people that you wanted to spend time with doing the things that you wanted to do? And there's a part time in life for all young people where you just don't have that luxury. 'cause you're grinding and growing, growing and building. You haven't earned it yet. Right. And you should be out there doing and shaking and baking and Yep. But with 25 more summers, I wanna know, I wanna feel each one of them. I know. I wanna be like, woo, this year, woo, this was slow. It is like, I ain't do much of anything. Did I accomplish anything? Gotta more for slow cord? And it was like, oh, I read another book. Oh. Took forever.


Do you think you're comfortable with real slowness though? Like, do you think that's a yes. Oh, you are. Okay. Oh, Yes, I am. And a day of nothing is one of those nice slow days where you look up and go, ah, man, it's only noon. Yeah. I want more of those because I want these last 25 summers to feel long and purposeful and mine not, because I've given that time away and I looked up and it's all gone. I've given it all away to everybody else, and I don't even know what, what was left for me. Right. And so I think all of that is a part of thinking about death. Totally. You know, and when it comes, it, look, I'm not afraid of it, but you're not.


No, I, I, I'm, I'm not. But let me tell you one thing that was interesting to me, and I think you're the first person I shared this with publicly is like the last year, my mom's life, she got, she was sick. Her body was just shutting down for a number of various reasons. And her last bout of illness, she was with me in Hawaii, in our home in Hawaii, which was a blessing, right. Because she was forced to let me take care of her. She didn't want that. Oh my God. She wanted be a burden. She didn't wanna be a burden. And ooh, did I tell, I had doctors and nurses and everybody coming in, and we had her diet and this, and I was bossing her around and she was mad.


And she was like, I just wanna go home. And it's like, but you can't, you're stuck with me. You know, I could just take care of her. Yeah. And she got better and went back to Chicago. But we were sitting on the couch watching one of her court shows, 'cause she liked court shows. And she was realizing that, you know, she might, she will not ever be the same old self that she was. Yeah. She was starting to realize she's coming to the end and this woman that prepared me for death, right. And talked to me about all this stuff and was like, I'm ready. That I, who needs to be old people around too long, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


She leaned over to me and she said, wow, this went fast. And I held her hand. I said, what are you talking about? And she said, life. She said, this went fast and this was the woman who was ready. And what that told me was that even when you tell yourself you're ready, if you're living a good life, you are never really ready for it to end. Right? Yeah. So I hope I feel that way, even though I will be ready for it, you know, because it's been good and purposeful that I'll feel like sh I wish I had more time. Yeah. So I'm trying to live my life like that, you know?


Ugh. Rachel, Michelle, darn you. That's your stupid cards. Oh, I think she meant stupid as a compliment. She Did. For sure she did. She, I took it that way. Opened up. You got her to open up. And there's more of this conversation, I believe. Yeah. You can listen to a longer version of that conversation If you search for Wild Card with Rachel Martin in your podcast app, and You can even watch a video of that entire episode on YouTube or Spotify. Rachel, thanks for coming by. It's always great to see you. Thanks Steve.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you are tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees, and free perks, Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month, five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options, available, taxes and fees, extra Mint Mobile for details.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@warbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.