
I missed all the news on my vacation. Good. I was like, oh, Trump got shot. No. By a whole new presidential race has happened. Yeah, But wait, have you been gone? Two weeks. Two weeks. Oh my God. Oh my God. Wow. I was coming back. This let's back to return to a different world. Basically, hundreds of people gathered at a soccer field where a rocket fell over the weekend. Israel says that rocket came out of Lebanon raising the risk of a wider war. Our correspondent visits the village that was struck. I'm Layla Faed. That's Steve. And this is upfirst from NPR News. Venezuela's election authority says, president Nicholas Maduro won reelection the opposition claims fraud.


So what Now in this country? Some analysts talked of Donald Trump as a changed man after he survived an assassination attempt. So let's ask the candidate. No, I haven't changed. Maybe I've gotten worse. The former president has gone on a run of name calling against a new opponent. How does this campaign recalibrate for Kamala Harris? stay with us. We've got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares why SOFA Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At sofa, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful. To make sure you make the right choice, Save up to $600 through Labor Day Weekend at SA tva.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Warby Parker. Their glasses start at $95, including anti-reflective scratch resistant prescription lenses that block 100% of UV rays. Try five pairs of frames at home for free. Go to Warby Parker dot com slash covered.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


We have an eyewitness account of the scene where a rocket struck near Israel's border with Lebanon. That rocket killed 12 children and wounded many more. Israel blames the Lebanese group, Hezbollah and their deciding how to respond. Now, Hezbollah denies responsibility, but the incident has again raised concerns of an even wider war. In the Middle East, N P'S Cat Lon Dorf traveled to the Golan Heights, the Israeli occupied area where the rocket fell. Hi there, Kat. Hey, Steve. What did you see? So the strike happened in the town of modular shops. It's very close to the border with Lebanon. Like you said, you know the community there is largely Duse. That's an Arab minority population. They're not Jewish, and some of them are Israeli citizens.


And the town yesterday was completely in mourning. You know, all the shops were closed. There were black flags flapping in the wind on practically every corner. And everyone that we could see was wearing black. The grief there was palpable. People seemed like they didn't quite know what to do with themselves. This is a really tight-knit community. And everyone we talked to was either related to a victim or knew someone who was. So we went to the soccer field where the strike happened, and there were hundreds of people gathered there. It's turned into kind of a makeshift memorial with wreaths placed in the crater where the rocket hit. But the scene was also still really fresh. We were there less than 24 hours after this happened. There was an Israeli organization there that's dedicated to collecting the remains of victims after terrorist attacks.


And members of the community were donning rubber gloves and volunteering, going around and sifting through the scene to collect any human remains of the victims they could find. You know, it was quite sobering. Well, Israel is deciding how to respond to this. The United States will have its advice and its opinions. How did people on the ground want Israel to respond? Yeah, people are really angry. You know, they say this is one of the biggest tragedies their community has ever seen. Here's 52-year-old Naser Aala. He rushed to the scene after it happened and tried to help. You know, he spent all night there. He said his best friend's 15-year-old daughter was killed, a Small lawyer. She had gura. We wanted a very strong reaction yesterday. He said, the response we want is to eliminate everything related to Hezbollah and Lebanon.


Period. But you know, others cast doubt on Israel acting with full force in a response. Some said they felt like the Jews community wasn't a high priority for the Israeli government. Many of them are not Israeli citizens. And since it was their children who died, maybe Israel wouldn't take it as seriously. But I will say the rhetoric from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his government does seem like they are taking it seriously. Netanyahu met with a security cabinet late into the night last night, and his office put out a statement saying that quote, Hezbollah will pay a heavy price for it, that it has not paid so far. Well, what are the early signs as to what that price might be? So we're still waiting to see. I mean, last night we were waiting to see if that response would come after that security cabinet meeting. You know, there were reports in Lebanon of limited Israeli airstrikes, but that's kind of par for the course these days.


Sure, it does seem like neither side really wants a fill out war to begin. But the Israeli military has been making it clear for months now that they are prepared for a bigger war if in fact that is the way they choose to go. So it's not outta the question, but you know, Israel is of course still fighting a war in Gaza, which shows no signs of ending soon on the same day that this strike happened up here in the Golden Heights and Israeli airstrike hit yet another school sheltering displaced Palestinians killing 30 people, many of whom were also children. Hmm. And there is increasing pressure here in Israel for Netanyahu. Agree to a ceasefire deal with Hamas in Gaza, not only to bring the hostages home, but also to refocus military efforts up here in the north against Hezbollah. Kat, thanks so much for your reporting. Really appreciate it. Thanks Steve. That's N P's Kat Lon Dorf.


She's currently in Northern Israel. Venezuelans voted for President yesterday. The electoral Authority declared President Nicholas Maduro, the winner. Opponents of the socialist leaders say they won and were blocked from monitoring the vote count US Secretary of State, Anthony Blinken sided with the opposition. We have serious concerns that the result announced does not reflect the will or the votes of the Venezuelan people. During the campaign, opponents mounted a serious challenge to the long running rule of Maduro and his predecessor, the late Hugo Chavez.


The political and economic crisis is so serious that in recent years, nearly a quarter of the population has fled. NPS Carry Khan is covering all this from the Venezuelan city of Caracas. Kerry, welcome back. Good morning. Okay, let's start with the official results such as they are Sure. What does the electoral authority say? They say that they have 80% of the vote counted, and Maduro had won 51% to opposition candidate and Mundo Gonzalez's, 44%. Right after that declaration, fireworks just lit the sky over downtown. Caras Maduro then came out and he spoke. He told a sizable crowd that they all had one against powers attacking Venezuela's dignity.


He didn't mention the US by name, but he said they couldn't beat us with sanctions. They couldn't with aggressions or threats, and they never will. Mado also said the electoral system was hacked by foreign terrorists, but he gave no proof and said he wouldn't name names. And the electoral authorities run by Maduro loyalists have yet to release the entire vote count. But they said they will in quote the coming hours. Okay, so that is the official view of events. What does the opposition say? They declared victory themselves and they cried foul denouncing violations. They said in hundreds of voting stations. The biggest accusation is that the authorities kicked opposition observers out of those stations and refused to print or even transmit voting tallies.


Edmundo Gonzalez, who was the last minute candidate for the opposition, said Venezuelans and the entire world know what happened. And Maria Corina Machado, the opposition's most popular leader who was banned from running called the Fraud, a gross disregard and violation of popular sovereignty Sobbing. Venezuela Says that according to independent exit polls and the 40% of the votes they've counted, Gonzalez won by a huge margin. She says 70%. And I can just tell you, Steve, that I watched the vote count in one polling place after the polls closed in downtown Cardus.


And of course, this isn't a scientific survey at all, but in that center, the vote for Gonzalez was 85% to Maduro's, 12%. I'm just trying to think about what happens now, Carrie. There have been multiple elections where the opposition has tried to vote out Maduro's government. Each time they're told by the government they failed. I covered one of those elections. So what happens now? That is the biggest question. The opposition is called for calm and says they're determined to make sure all votes are counted. But they didn't specify how they're going to do that in the past. Like you said, they called for massive street protests that were put down with violence. NPRs Carrie Kanas in Caracas, Venezuela. Kerry, thanks very much. You're welcome.


Wow. It seems like longer, but Vice President Harris has been the likely democratic presidential nominee for barely a week. We heard enthusiasm for Harris among democratic voters in Pennsylvania last week, and her campaign raised hundreds of millions of dollars in donations. Former President Donald Trump is trying to reclaim the spotlight. In recent days, he told a gathering of Christian voters that if they just support him one time he would've things quote fixed, so they quote won't have to vote anymore. He also attacked his new opponent whose name is pronounced Kamala. If a crazy liberal like Kamala Harris gets in, the American dream is dead. So how is Trump trying to claw back attention?


NPR Whitehouse correspondent Franco Cordez is covering the Trump campaign. Franco, good morning. Good morning, Steve. He's in our studios here, studio 31 in Washington, dc. How is Trump recalibrating to a new opponent? Well, He's still looking to tie Harris to Biden's most unpopular policies, including inflation and especially the border, which is a vulnerability for her. But as Layla mentioned, he's also escalating his attacks and getting personal. He's calling her sick and unhinged. He's attacking her past her time as a district attorney in California and charging that she would impose San Francisco values on the country. Kamala Harris was the original Marxist district attorney. She destroyed San Francisco, and she will destroy our country.


She will be the worst president we've ever had. She will be worse than crook of Joe Biden. And Steve listening to that, I'll just point out that Harris was criticized on the left as well for her time as a prosecutor, you know, and she's not hiding from the fact that she was a prosecutor even framing the race as one between prosecutor and convict. She's emphasizing how she took on predators, including predators who abuse women, which is a clear reference to Trump's multiple convictions, 34 of them to be exact. I am thinking about how the former president was said to have a unity message for a minute after his assassination attempt. Has that lasted? Yeah, it really didn't last that long.


I mean, Trump seemed to kind of joke about it. Actually. You know how people thought he'd change after the assassination attempt two weeks ago? No, I haven't changed. Maybe I've gotten worse actually, because I get angry at the incompetence that I witnessed every single day On Friday. He called Harris Abu and went into detail about how he didn't care about mispronouncing her name. Now, The Harris campaign, however you pronounce her name, has raised $200 million since she emerged as a likely democratic presidential nominee, which I guess we should just note that that's a lot. How does that, how does that affect Trump though? I mean, I don't think he's happy about it. I mean, it is a lot of money, but the Trump campaign will tell you that it is simply a honeymoon period.


I spoke with Brian Lanza, a former campaign official who is in still in contact with the team and Trump. He says, Democrats are experiencing a sugar high, And what do we know about sugar highs? That the crash eventually happens, but when the sugar runs out, when the sugar high evaporates, as it always does, they're gonna realize they're even in a worse position than they were with Joe Biden. You know, most polls taken after she entered the race show her about even with Trump. At the same time, this is not territory that Trump is so familiar with. I mean, he doesn't like to give up the spotlight and usually doesn't have to. And they're also having to play some defense. As some of JD Vance's past comments have drawn controversy, and Trump had so much momentum after the debate as well as after the Republican National Convention, there was this feeling of inevitability across the campaign.


And right now it's just a whole different dynamic. Franco, thanks very much for the insights. It's always a pleasure to see You. Thank you. Steve NPR White House correspondent Franco Rodas, and that's upfirst for this Monday, July 29th. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Layla Fadden. Your next listen is consider this from NPR, likely democratic nominee. Kamala Harris has a matter of days to choose a running mate. The list of possibilities is long and each person delivers a different electoral advantage. Listen to consider this, Today's upfirst was edited by James Heider, Tara Neill, Krishna Def caller, Janaya Williams, and Alice Wolfley.


It was produced by Ziat bch, Ben Abrams, Nia Dumas, and Milton Gada We. get engineering support from Arthur Laurent. And our technical director is Zach Coleman. Join us tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast? Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst Plus at plus. Do npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes From, NPR sponsor, Meryl. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America Company. What would you like The power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member, SIPC


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Chevron. Chevron's offshore platform anchor is designed to help safely produce oil and natural gas with high pressure technology. That's energy in progress. Visit Chevron dot com slash anchor.