
A 60 day ceasefire between Israel and Lebanon has gone into effect. This has been the deadliest conflict between Israel and Hezbollah in decades. So, what happens now for people displaced by war. I'm Rob Schmitz. That's a Martinez, and this is upfirst from NPR. News. Security forces dispersed thousands of protestors in Pakistan's capitol. Last night, All you could see was TA Gas, and it was just a lot of kiosk. They're demanding. Jailed, former Prime, Minister, Imran Khan be released. Will they get their way? And President-elect Trump has threatened tariffs against Canada, Mexico and China in a bid to stem the flow of fentanyl and unauthorized migrants.


That is an unachievable goal. No country will accomplish that. Stay with us. We've got all the news you need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sova, founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares the story of how he got started creating Sova From 2007 2008. I went out and I bought the most popular luxury mattresses I to them apart. And I realized based on the raw materials cost and the analysis that I had done, that I was able to sell that level mattress, but with a very affordable price. Visit SA tva.com/npr and save up to $600.


This message comes from our sponsor, Granger. This is the story of the one. As a maintenance engineer, he hears things differently to the untrained ear. Everything on his shop floor might sound fine, but he can hear gears grinding or a belt slipping So. he steps in to fix the problem at hand before it gets out of hand. And he knows Grainger's got the right product he needs to get the job done, which is music to his ears. Call click Granger dot com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


This message comes from better health. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls, and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with better help. try@betterhelp.com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month.


Celebratory gunfire was heard in Lebanon's Capital this morning marking the start of the Israel Lebanon Ceasefire. The deal aims to end the fighting across the Israeli Lebanese border that has killed thousands of people since it was ignited by the war in Gaza last year. It was brokered by the US and France and announced by President Biden for more on The deal. We're joined now by NPR R'S, Lauren Frayer inside and in southern Lebanon. So Lauren, people were celebrating the ceasefire in Beirut. What was the scene like? Yeah, I was gonna set my alarm for 4:00 AM. Turns out I didn't need to. I was awoken by this celebratory gunfire erupting across the city. It sort of mixed with a dawn call to prayer from mosques across the city. Dogs started howling into the night even before the first light evacuees started heading south to try to see if their homes are still there.


I'm on the coastal highway. There are minivans packed with families, belongings tied on car roofs, people blasting music, beeping their horns cheering. A young boy knocked on my car window and handed me a poster of Hassan Raah, the Hezbollah leader who was killed in, in Israeli airstrike in late September. So the, the mood is definitely festive here, but a lot of these people may find that they don't have homes standing anymore. Yeah. Have you been able to talk to people along the way? I mean, how are they processing this? I mean, at least it's gotta feel like a relief of some kind. Here's one woman I spoke with. Her name is Patric Talib. She's 24. She had stopped on the shoulder of the highway to let one of her children pee on the side of the road.


They're from a village in the south that saw fierce ground battles. And the Israeli militaries warned people not to return to some of these areas because Israeli troops are still there. They're in retreat, but they are still in this country. And they asked Patricia if she's worried about finding Israeli soldiers, you know, in her house To begin with. People weren't, are not really intimidated by the entity. We know that this is the end days of the war, and we know that ultimately it's going to be okay. We personally, we stayed for the first week of the war, so we didn't really want to leave our village to begin with. It was only because we were in the way of the resistance that we actually ended up leaving our village. You can hear her kids there in the background. When she says resistance, she means Hezbollah fighters. Yeah. Now I know it's new, but can you fill us in on the details of this agreement?


Yeah. So this is a 60 day truce, which would take us up to Donald Trump's inauguration. Incidentally, during which Israel withdraws its ground troops from Lebanon, it halts airstrikes and in turn, Hezbollah moves its fighters and weapons north of the Litani River. That's about 20 miles away from the Israeli border. The Lebanese army is deploying down into southern Lebanon alongside un peacekeepers who are already here. And an international committee will be monitoring implementation of this. As for whether this is holding, it apparently seems to be so far. There was one incident in which the Israeli military says, it identified what it says, were Hezbollah operatives returning to areas near the border. It opened fire on them.


That doesn't appear to have kicked off anything wider. Now, many of the targets of Israeli strikes in Lebanon were either in the nation south or in and around Beirut. What's the scale of recovery? Yeah, I mean, parts of Lebanon, particularly in the South and Beirut, southern suburbs look like Gaza. They've been completely destroyed. This is orders of magnitude compared to the last war here in 2006, and it will take years, perhaps even decades to rebuild. I'm inside in an ancient port city on the Mediterranean, and this is sort of the boundary of Southern Lebanon. So people, the mood has been very jubilant here as people head south and celebrate this ceasefire. But I suspect the mood will really change going south from here.


Now the ceasefire aims to put an end to Hezbollah militant attacks on Israel, which have displaced tens of thousands of people in the nation's north. What's the situation now for them? So Israel is still not calling on its residents to return to their abandoned homes in the north of that country. Officials there say there will be a one to two month period of rebuilding before they initiate that return. It's worth mentioning many mayors inside Israel, particularly along that border, opposed the ceasefire. One called it a shameful agreement. They have real security concerns, not only the fear of a resumption of Hezbollah rocket attacks, but also a a possible October 7th like attack. It's NPR r's.


Lauren Frayer. Lauren, thanks. You're welcome. Security forces disperse protestors in the capitol of Pakistan overnight. Yeah, That's right. They marched to Islamabad to demand the release of the jail. former Prime Minister Imran Khan. Hundreds of protestors have been arrested since Sunday. With me now is N P's Dia Hadid. She covers Pakistan from her base in Mumbai. Good morning, DIA. Good morning Rob. So bring us up to speed. Dia, what happened with these protests and where do things stand? Right? Well, protesters had reached downtown Islamabad.


They defied tear gas and climbed over shipping containers to get there. There was also violence. Six people were killed on Tuesday, including four security personnel journalists. Covering the march said protestors also attacked them, including an Associated Press cameraman who was taken to hospital. And once protestors had made it to the city center, they announced a sit-in until the former Prime Minister Ron Khan is released. But overnight, paramilitary forces pushed them out. Videos shared by can supporters showed smoke flashing lights, people running the sound of guns firing. I spoke to a young woman who was there. She requested anonymity. She's worried about being detained if identified because there's been crackdowns on can't supporters.


All you could see was tear gas, and it was just a lot of kiosk. I was between the crowd at that time. My dad and I saw a body fall in front of us when the firing started. It was all pitch dark, but I could hear bullets being shot at people. Wow, that sounds terrifying. Yeah. Kane's media team say dozens of people were injured and another two people were killed. And following that crackdown, Kane's team called off the protest for now, and the government's interpreted that as a victory for them. The information minister even told local media that protestors ran like cowards.


He said they'd even left their shoes behind. Hmm. So it sounds like the government is taking a very tough line in all of this. What can we expect in the coming days? Well, the coming days may well reflect what we've seen in the past 18 months since Iran KA was jailed a cycle of increasingly violent encounters. I spoke to Michael Gelman, he's the director of the South Asia Institute at the Wilson Center, and he says this violence reflects a crisis of legitimacy. At the very top, You have a critical mass of the public that has essentially lost confidence in public institutions, and that includes the army.


It's important to note the army is Pakistan's most powerful institution. It was largely sacrosanct among Pakistanis, and that's changed now. Many of Kahan supporters see the armies having rigged elections this February to propel this current government to power. So for now, it's an intractable crisis, the army against Kahan and his supporters. And now that they've deployed against civilians in the capitol, which is quite unusual in Pakistan, it could happen again because nothing's actually been resolved. But for now, the protests have been dispersed. Right? Yeah. The government says life's returning to normal cars are on the road where the crackdown happened.


It's unclear what protestors will do next. Two people I spoke to said they were angry at their protest leaders because they appear to have fled as the crackdown began. That includes Kane's wife Bushra. Bibi Chi only appears in a white gown and a face veil presents herself as a spiritual guru. Now the government's playing on that anger. One minister told local media that these events were the fault of one woman. That's NPRs Dia had Dia. Thank you. You're welcome, Rob. President-elect. Donald Trump is threatening a 25% tariff on goods from Canada and Mexico, and an extra 10% tariff may be put on items from China.


According to Trump, those nations are not doing enough to stop undocumented migrants or fentanyl from crossing into the US while the rest of migrants have been on the rise at the northern border. There are fraction of those at the southern border where apprehensions are at a four year low. NPRs Brian Mann covers a fentanyl crisis. Joins us now to take a look at Trump's promise. Now, Brian, it's a social media post right now. Not policy quite yet, but what does Donald Trump say he hopes to accomplish with this threat? Yeah, you're right. A, it's not clear Trump's gonna follow through on this. He doesn't take office for a couple months. A lot of negotiations are gonna happen before then. What Trump said in social media posts Monday is that these countries aren't doing enough to solve what he describes as two of the biggest problems hitting the US illegal immigration and fentanyl, which is still killing tens of thousands of people every year according to Trump, Canada, China, and Mexico could collectively easily solve these problems.


He added that once imposed, these tariffs would remain in place until drugs, including fentanyl and illegal aliens. Those are his words. Stop this invasion of our country, but Could China and Mexico really just shut down fentanyl smuggling just like that? Yeah. Experts I talked to say, no, it's just not possible. Jonathan Calkins, a drug policy expert at Carnegie Mellon University says fentanyl's just really easy to make and smuggle. Unfortunately, it's quite difficult to control fentanyl because it's so easy for the illegal supply chains to produce and distribute it. Vanda Felba Brown is a drug policy expert at the Brookings Institution, and she agrees what Trump is demanding here, it just isn't gonna happen.


That Is an unachievable goal. No country will accomplish that. What experts say is the best case scenario is that Trump's threats here, prompt negotiations that maybe lead to better cooperation on migrants and fentanyl with more realistic goals. Okay. I'm sure they're all gonna be talking at some point. So how are these countries responding so far? Well, you know, first it's important to say most fentanyl does enter the US from Mexico typically passing through official border crossings. Mexico's president Claudia Scheinbaum, responded by saying yesterday, fentanyl's primarily a US problem, one that requires a healthcare and treatment response. She says, to reduce addiction. That's been Mexico's position for years. He also suggested US tariffs linked to fentanyl could trigger a full blown trade war.


One other concern I'm hearing from drug policy experts is that a trade fight could unravel what has been growing international cooperation targeting drug traffickers. Again, here's v Defi Brown at Brookings, But as Chinese officials have told me that the counter narcotics cooperation would not be able to survive an imposition of substantial tariffs. So if this power move by Trump doesn't work, we could see China and Mexico backing away from intelligence sharing and other cooperation with US law enforcement. That could mean less pressure on these gangs that are smuggling fentanyl. Now, Brian, you've been reporting that the fentanyl crisis has been easing in recent months with a lot fewer people dying. So. what does Donald Trump say about that?


Well, Trump hasn't actually acknowledged that progress writing on social media. He said, we're still seeing drugs coming across the border, and I'm quoting here at levels never seen before. In fact, there's been a huge positive shift over the last 12 months. Fatal overdoses, including fentanyl, are dropping fast, about 16,000 fewer deaths. Most experts I talk to credit better healthcare and treatment, and they worry that Trump's threat here of an international drug and trade war could be a distraction pulling focus away from a public health response that appears to be helping. So let's broaden the scope then. If these countries cannot meet Donald Trump's big demands on fentanyl and migrants. I mean, how could a tariff war then play out for workers and consumers here in the us?


Well, Most economists agree tariffs basically work as a tax on goods. This kind of trade fight could boost prices for American consumers at a time when inflation is still a problem. More broadly, we're talking about what could be a messy trade conflict erupting simultaneously between the US and three countries that are all deeply intertwined with American companies and their supply chains. So if Trump does pull the trigger on these tariffs, the disruption could be enormous. That's NPR R'S Addiction correspondent Brian Mann. Brian, thanks. Thank You. A And that's upfirst for Wednesday, November 27th of May Martinez. And I'm Rob Schmidt for your next Listen, why not try consider this from NPR.


Former German chancellor, Angela Merkel has gone toe to toe with world leaders. She led Germany through times of turmoil and became a role model for women. What does she have to say about her legacy? Listen to consider this from NPR. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Dietrich Ske, Ryland Barton Andrea de Leon, Lisa Thompson and Mohamed El Bari. It was produced by Ziad bch, Nia Dumas and Lili Kiros. We get engineering support from Carly Strange and our technical director is Nisha Hines. Join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks?


Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from Bombas. Their socks are super plush, designed to support your arches and support people in need. One purchase equals one donated To those experiencing homelessness. Go to bombas.com/npr and use code NPR for 20% off your first order.