
Israel attacked the studios of Iran's state TV News Channel. In a fifth day of fighting Israeli Leaders say they are not ruling out Iran's supreme leader as a military target. So what's Israel's goal in a steadily widening war? I'm Steve Inskeep with a Martinez, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Prosecutors gave a detailed account of the man accused of killing a Minnesota lawmaker and her husband. This was a targeted attack against individuals who answered the call to public service. The Suspect had a notebook with the names of dozens of targets, quote mostly, or all Democrats. What does the security video reveal about his actions?


Also, States reached a new settlement with the Sackler family and Purdue Pharma ending the family's ability to sell opioids in the us. Stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Grammarly. It's harder than ever to meet the demands of today's job priorities, but 90% of professionals say that Grammarly has saved them time writing and editing their work. Their AI communication assistant can help you communicate more confidently and effectively in just a few clicks. Let Grammarly take the busy work off your plate so You can focus on high impact work. Download Grammarly for free at grammarly.com/podcast. That's grammarly.com/podcast.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having Rinse. Do it for you with one touch in app scheduling, pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear, handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse makes laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at Rinse dot com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from the Nature conservancy. Nature is common ground for everyone and uniting to protect nature can help solve today's challenges and create a thriving tomorrow for future generations. Discover why at nature.org/npr.


President Trump left a G seven summit in Canada, a day ahead of schedule. The President said it was to focus on the rapidly escalating conflict between Israel and Iran. He also posted a warning on his social media platform through social telling Iranians to immediately evacuate their capital for more. We're joined by NPR SIL Alci in Tel Aviv. So considering President Trump's warning, what's the mood like in Tehran right now? Well, we know that people are very anxious. There is an atmosphere of panic and confusion in Tehran today. People are stocking up on food. Tehran streets are quiet, especially at night, which is when Israel carries out most of its strikes. NPR reached out to a woman named Barron in Tehran.


She asked us to only use her first name because the situation is so sensitive in Iran right now. She said she and her family tried to leave to Haran yesterday, but had to turn around. You can feel the fear, hear the fear in her voice. She says they couldn't fill up their tank. All gas stations had lines a couple miles long and people were waiting up to four hours for fuel. The roads out of the city are also bumper to bumper traffic. So leaving evacuating to Haran is no easy feat right now. Now, Israel's ambassador of the UN told us last week that preemptive strikes were meant to prevent Iran from putting together a nuclear weapon. So five days in, how has Israel's messaging and and actual targets changed?


I mean, you're right. So almost immediately after the start of the attack on Friday morning, Israel struck military targets killing top security officials like the chief of staff of Iran's army. It also struck three nuclear facilities, including the main one called Naans. But now Israel is expanding its attacks. For example, yesterday the Israeli military attacked the studio complex of Iran's state news channel. You know, there's a video online of the moment this happened. You hear the anchor speak and then the explosion. You know, in the video you see the anchor flee the studio and pieces of the roof start to fall on top of her head.


Israel's defense minister confirmed the attack saying quote, we will strike the Iranian dictator everywhere. So now the question is, is the political apparatus fair game? Now, will Israel go for Iran's supreme leader next, for example? Yeah. So if Israel does that, I mean, does this mean this war changes from nuclear capabilities to regime change? The, so the Israeli military has said that it's been instructed to dismantle Iran's nuclear capabilities, not specifically for regime change. But in an interview on a b, c yesterday, correspondent Jonathan Carl asks Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu this question. So, are you gonna target the supreme leader? Look, we're doing what we need to do. I'm not gonna get into the details.


So, you know, Netanyahu hasn't ruled it out. Alright, so where does this put the United States now? So, so far the US has only helped with defending Israel with the interception of Missals. Trump has, you know, always said that Iran, he doesn't want Iran to have a nuclear weapon. He, he says he has, but a preference is to do this via a deal. He said that maybe Israel's war may force Iran to make a deal. But now you know, Iran pulled out of the talks. So now, as the war intensifies, all eyes may be on whether or not Trump changes course and decides to directly get involved in the war. NPR R'S Hadil Alci in Telaviv, thank you very much. You're Very welcome.


The man suspected of killing a Minnesota state lawmaker and her spouse and wounding another lawmaker, and his wife now faces federal and state murder charges. Police Apprehended 57-year-old Vance Belter. Late Sunday in rural Minnesota. NPRs Meg Anderson is here. So Meg Minnesota's acting US Attorney General. It's called What Happened in Minnesota, A political assassination. What is Suspect Vance Belter charged with? Yeah. Belter is facing six federal charges, including two counts of murder for the killings of Minnesota State. Representative Melissa Hortman and her husband. Those charges can carry the death penalty if he's convicted. He's also facing federal charges for shooting State Senator John Hoffman and his wife at the state level.


Officials charged TER with two counts of second degree murder and two counts of attempted second degree murder. But officials say they do plan to pursue first degree murder charges. Okay, now, federal authorities released more details yesterday. What did they have to say? That's right. And the details officials describe about what happened are really chilling. Der allegedly went to the Hoffman residence first, where video of the exchange was recorded on a security camera. That video shows a man wearing a hyper-realistic silicone mask and dressed like a police officer. He knocks and yells that he's the police and to open the door. Here's acting us attorney Joseph Thompson at a press conference yesterday describing what happened next.


Senator Hoffman and his white Yvette came to the door when they opened the door belt, shined the flashlight in their faces, and said there had been a shooting reported in the house Belt asked if they had any weapons. When belt lowered his flashlight, which he had shined in their face, they realized that he was not a police officer. The man officials allege is Belter began shooting right after that, and Hoffman's daughter Hope is the one who called 9 1 1. After that shooting, belter allegedly went to the homes of two other state lawmakers, but was not able to get to them. Then he allegedly went to Horman's home where officials say he killed her and her husband.


Now, officials there are saying that all of this was a targeted political attack. Why are they saying that? Yeah. So there was a notebook found inside the alleged shooter's car, which we've learned more about now. It contained a hit list with the names of at least 45 lawmakers and officials in Minnesota and several other states. And at the federal level, it is now confirmed that they were mostly or all Democrats. Here's the FBI special agent in charge of the Minneapolis Field office, Alvin Winston. This was a targeted attack against individuals who answered the call to public service. Let me say this, clearly political violence has no place in this country.


Police also recovered six guns from the scene. Most of those were found in the abandoned car. And they say that, you know, if the alleged suspect had not been forced to flee, they think he would've kept going on his rampage. What's, what's gonna happen next? Yeah. So Belter is now in federal custody. On June 27th, he's gonna have a preliminary hearing. That's the time that a judge will decide whether or not to set bail. All right. That's MPRs. Meg Anderson. Meg, thanks. You're welcome.


One of the darkest, most complicated chapters of the US opioid crisis may finally be nearing an end. Purdue Pharma and members of the Sackler family who own the company have reached a $7.4 billion opioid settlement with all 50 states and US territories. If it's approved, the plan would end a legal fight over the harm caused by Oxycontin. The company's opioid painkiller, NPRs addiction correspondent Brian Mann is here now. So Brian, we're gonna dive into the legal and financial part of this settlement in just a second. First though, remind us how Purdue Pharma and Oxycontin changed America. Well, it's really huge opioid pain medications. A used to be doled out very cautiously by doctors and hospitals. And what we've learned in legal documents made public during this court fight is that under the leadership of members of the Sackler family, Purdue Pharma convinced regulators in the healthcare industry, Oxycontin could be used a lot more liberally.


They said without a huge risk of addiction or overdose. And that turned out not to be true. Ryan Hampton is an addiction activist now. He was hooked on Oxycontin for a decade. It completely destroyed my life. It took almost everything that I had away from me. And Purdue Pharma has pled guilty twice to federal crimes for false marketing. The Sacklers were never charged with crimes, and they've denied any wrongdoing. But a, a lot of public health experts believe this company's actions cleared the way for the opioid fentanyl crisis that killed more than 50,000 people last year alone. Right. So Purdue Pharma is in bankruptcy now, and there's a new deal that states have signed off on What's new in this deal? Yeah. So the big change is this deal would no longer force people who believe they were harmed by Oxycontin to drop civil lawsuits that are directed at members of the Sackler family.


The last attempted deal that was overturned by the US Supreme Court included broad legal protections for the Sacklers that was really controversial. Under this deal, the Sacklers are expected to pay roughly $6.5 billion out of their personal fortunes. They'll give up ownership of the company, but they won't get that broad immunity from lawsuits. I reached out to the Sacklers for comment about this and haven't heard back, but legal experts I talked to say this version of the settlement is a lot more likely to survive legal challenges. How will this money be spent if this deal is is finalized? Yeah, most of the money, including a billion dollars coming from Purdue Pharma as company coffers, will go to states and communities over the next 15 years.


Activists hope this money will be spent helping more people in addiction get better treatment and healthcare. One thing I'm hearing a lot of concern about though, is that this money could wind up redirected just to prop up existing programs. That's because the Trump administration is now trying to make deep cuts in federal spending. Also, a $850 million of this money is gonna go to individual victims and families harmed by Oxycontin. Ryan Hampton, the activist I spoke to, said he only expects to receive about $3,500. And for $3,500 to be a paycheck to absolve Purdue's role in destroying my life is a meaningless gesture.


But at this point, I'm ready to put this behind me. So as we near the end of this legal battle over Oxycontin, Hampton and others, I've been talking to say they're left with really big questions here about whether this led to any kind of real justice. Brian, you've been reporting on this a a long time. Really quick, you mentioned the end of this legal battle, but does this story ever really truly have an end? Well, right now we're still seeing tens of thousands of people die from opioid deaths every year. A and so this public health crisis continues. That's NPR addiction correspondent Brian Mann. Brian, thank you. Thank you. And that's Upfirst for Tuesday, June 17th. I mean Martinez. And I'm Steve Inskeep.


There's an easy way to stay connected to the news and podcasts from the NPR network, And that is the NPR app. You hear community coverage from your local station, which is what makes NPR different from any other network, the local stations across this country. You also hear stories from around the world and podcast suggestions based on what you like. Download the NPR app in your app store. We Got one more thing for you. Inquisitive types. It's from some of the most curious folks we got here. Our colleagues at NPRs Short Wave podcast. They've been digging into the science behind the headlines, specifically the feasibility of a US missile defense system modeled after the Israeli missile defense system called Iron Dome.


Hi, short waivers. I'm here with NPR science correspondent Jeff Brumfield. So Jeff, since last week, Israel has been attacking Iran's nuclear facilities along with many other targets around the country. What's happening there? That's right. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Net. Yahoo says he took this action because Iran has been stockpiling, enriched uranium by some estimates enough to produce about 10 nuclear weapons if they chose to do so. And Netanyahu basically said that this was a preemptive attack to stop Iran's nuclear program. And in response, Iran has fired hundreds of missiles, many of which have struck targets in Central Israel.


And the Trump administration has been following this closely. In part because Israel has a pretty sophisticated missile defense system, right, Jeff? Yeah, that's right. Israel's missile defense system, colloquially is known as Iron Dome. And President Trump is fascinated by it. Earlier this year, he made a speech to Congress, and in it there was a big request, I'm asking Congress to fund a state-of-the-art Golden Dome Missile Defense Shield to protect our homeland. All made in the U S A Golden Dome. Trump is sort of riffing off the Iron Dome name there. And Trump has talked about Golden Dome quite a bit during his campaign.


He wants to see it built during his second term. And this is a very dangerous world. We should have it. We wanna be protected and we're going to protect our citizens like never before. So today on the show, we'll talk about Israel's missile defense system and what a similar system could look like in the us. Can it be done? And how much will it cost? I'm Emily Kwang. And I'm Jeff Brumfield. And you're listening to Shortwave the Science Podcast from NPR.


Okay, Jeff, let's start by talking a little bit about what we're seeing in Israel right now. Yeah, so I actually wanna back up a second just briefly to talk about the events after October 7th, 2023. That was of course, when Hamas militants attacked Israeli civilians along the Gaza border. Along with that attack, there were thousands of rockets fired out of Gaza, and the Iron Dome Missile Defense System intercepted many of those rockets. And actually, since the start of the conflict, iron Dome has been very busy intercepting rockets from Gaza, intercepting rockets from Lebanon.


And the way it works is really interesting. Basically, it is a network system of missile launchers that are tied to radars and computers. And so when they see incoming missiles, they make a decision if the missile or rocket's gonna fall in a populated area, iron Dome will fire a interceptor to knock it out of the sky. Hmm. I was picturing something a little like this kind of shield over an area, but it's not a dome at all. It sounds more like a system. That's right. It is. And it's actually part of an even larger Israeli network of missile defenses. There are two other systems called Arrow and David Sling, and those systems have been front and center more recently with this attack from Iran because Iran is using much larger missiles to attack Israel.


Yeah, these missiles are coming in from much further away. And so they're actually intermediate range, medium range ballistic missiles that go up into space and then actually come down on Israel at very, very high speeds. And that is something that is much more difficult to intercept than say, a rocket fired from Lebanon or Gaza near the Israeli border. And you know, I think turning back to the Golden Dome, now that what we're seeing coming out of Iran is actually a more sort of characteristic type of threat that America might face.


Okay. So whatever Golden Dome Trump wants to build would have to stand up to this kind of missile technology. That's right. You know, the US' main adversaries that could hit it with missiles are major superpowers. You know, Russia and China and the types of missiles they have are even bigger and more sophisticated than the ones held by Iran. So now we're talking about intercontinental ballistic missiles. These missiles don't launch near borders. They launch from halfway around the world. They go way up into space. And when they come down, they are fast. They are coming down to earth at hypersonic speeds that makes them virtually impossible to intercept. And of course, the final complication is many of them are armed with nuclear weapons.


I spoke to Jeffrey Lewis, he's a professor at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies who tracks missile programs. And he put it this way, defending Against an ICBM that is burning out at seven kilometers a second, where you can't make any mistakes, you can't miss any, or it's still the worst day in American history. That is a completely different problem set. So when Jeffrey looks at what it took to build Iron Dome And that imagines building Golden Dome, It's the difference between a kayak and a battleship. Where would the US even start with building a battleship golden dome? It really goes back to this question of how do you defend against these big intercontinental missiles?


You know, basically the best time to go after them is right when they've launched. At that point, they're slow moving and big and full of fuel. Laura Grego is a physicist with the Union of Concerned Scientists. She says there's just one problem. The Launch phase of those missiles really only lasts three to five minutes. So you only have, you know, some hundreds of seconds that you have available to catch them as they're launching. Oh. So Golden Dome would have to respond within that three to five minute window. That's right. But remember, these missiles are being fired from half a world away. So How do you catch a missile being launched from, say, the middle of Russia, just minutes after it lifts off?


There's really only one way to do it. And that's from space. The idea is you have some sort of satellite in orbit that can knock out the rocket on its way up. Now, this idea may sound familiar to you, Emily, because the sort of concept of having space-based interceptors is almost as old as the Space Age itself. Huh. And I'm not sure If you remember, but Republican president Ronald Reagan famously tried to do this in the 1980s. Oh, I know. This is a formidable technical task. One that may not be accomplished before the end of this century. Yet current technology has attained a level of sophistication where it's reasonable for us to begin this effort.


Huh. Though clearly the dream of it is still alive. So what would be involved in such a project today? There's a number of concepts, but one way to do it would be to have a little interceptor satellite that could drop down on the missile and strike it as it's launching. The problem is, oh wow. The globe is really, really big. And satellites zip around it really quickly. So you Need a lot of things in space in order to have them in the right place at the right time. Laura Grego was part of a panel formed by the American Physical Society that looked at missile defense recently. And they concluded A constellation of about 16,000 interceptors would be needed to attempt to counter a rapid salvo of 10 solid propellant ICBMs.


Wait, wait, wait. Okay, let me slow this down from my math brain. You would need 16,000 of these interceptors to properly take down 10 missiles. That's a, that's a huge system you'd need to defend against. Like just that. Yeah. And I should say it could be even more, there's a lot of different things that factor into how many interceptors you need. These numbers can slide around, but we're talking many thousands, possibly tens of thousands. Yeah. Until recently, that felt like it was impossible. But now we actually do have a constellation of thousands of satellites in orbit called starlink.


Oh, this giant constellation that provides internet via satellite starlink. We use it here on Earth right now. Yeah, that's right. And I should say starlink is not a missile defense system, but it is a proof of principle that it's possible to mass produce satellites and put them in orbit and have them communicate with each other and form a network. Okay. So Will one seemed like an impossible problem, is now starting to feel more possible? Is Golden Dome actually gonna work, Jeff? Well, some people think it's at least worth a serious look. It's a welcome development, and it's in some respects, overdue. That's one of them.


A guy named Tom Carrico, he's director of the Missile Defense Project at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. He notes that missiles are just becoming a bigger and bigger part of warfare. I mean, we've really seen that just in the last few days in Israel, Missiles have become weapons of choice. They are what folks reach for, what we we reach for, to strike deep into our enemy's territory. It's what everybody reaches for to be able to strike from a standoff position. And He really worries that if the US got into a large conflict with Russia or China, it needs to be ready to defend against missiles, which may or may not have nuclear weapons. I don't want to just deter a nuclear exchange.


I wanna deter a conventional war with China and Russia. And we do that by raising the threshold, The threshold to attack, of course. But I think, yeah, Tom and everyone I interviewed agreed that there's still a huge amount of work that would have to be done before Golden Dome could become a reality. Okay. So lay it out for me. Like we can launch a lot of satellites, but then what else do we need to really make Golden Dome? Well, I mean, we would still need to develop satellites that can actually hit missiles. That's technology that we don't have right now. And so, you know, there's a couple of ways to do that. As I mentioned, the sort of simplest architecture in some ways is to make micro sets that could just slam into the missiles drop on top of them as they launch.


Some other people I've spoken to are big fans of satellites with lasers. They could use directed energy, huh? To, to blow up missiles, whatever the approach is gonna take a lot of work to design tests and then mass produce these satellites. And they're not gonna be cheap. You know, the Trump administration is estimated Golden Dome could cost around $175 billion, but the Congressional Budget Office recently said it would be closer to half a trillion dollars. Oh, that's a lot of money. 'cause the government annually spends in the trillions. That's right. This Is a very expensive project. It probably is. And you know, no one who really understands these systems thinks it could happen in the remaining three years of Trump's second term, to be honest with you.


Hmm. And then there's one more thing to think about Emily, and that's the old military saying that the enemy also gets a vote. Yeah. I suppose US nuclear adversaries are not just going to sit around watching Golden Dome get built and do nothing. That's right. And you know, I think, again, there's a lesson here in what we're seeing in Israel right now. Iran has actually been probing Israel's air defenses, trying to find ways to slip through. And you know, Iran's ability to do this is somewhat limited, but China and Russia are major players and they do not like America's missile defense system. Hmm. Jeffrey Lewis, the missile defense expert, we heard from right at the start, he thinks that Russia and China may find waste out Fox Golden Dome, and it may ultimately end up making things worse.


We'll end up with vastly larger Russian and Chinese nuclear forces. We will end up with the Russians and the Chinese having all kinds of crazy sci-fi weapons. In short, we will end up spending tens, if not hundreds of billions of dollars to be in at best the same place we are today, and most likely a much worse place. And you know, again, looking to Israel as an example, I, I don't know what the final answer really is. Clearly missile defenses are important and they protect populations from harm. At the same time. You know, there's evidence that Russia and China are preparing for Golden Dome before it's even been built.


Jeff Brumfield, thank you for bringing all this on. You're Welcome, Emily. Short waivers. If you found this episode interesting or informative, follow shortwave right now on the NPR app, or your favorite podcasting platform, or just text it to a friend. This episode, which was produced by Rachel Carlson and edited by our showrunner, Rebecca Ramirez. Jimmy Keeley was the audio engineer. Beth Donovan is our senior director, and Colin Campbell is our Senior Vice President of Podcasting Strategy. I'm Emily Kang. Thank you for listening to Shortwave from NPR. Thanks for joining us and keep your curiosity satisfied with shortwave NPR R'S Science podcasts available in the NPR app or wherever you get those podcasts.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@warbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. Mint Mobile took what's wrong with wireless and made it right. They offer premium wireless plans for less. And all plans include high-speed data, unlimited talk, and text, and nationwide coverage. See for yourself at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Oracle. In business, they say You can have better, cheaper, or faster, but you only get to pick two. What If you could have all three at the same time? Oracle Cloud Infrastructure is the blazing fast platform for your infrastructure, database, application development, and AI needs. With OCI, You can run any workload in a high availability, consistently high performance environment and spend less than you would with other clouds. To try OCI for free with zero commitment, go to oracle.com/npr.