
Israel says its ground invasion into Lebanon is limited. Will it stay that way? That's the question on many people's minds. As Israel crosses into Southern Lebanon striking roads and villages, it says it's targeting Iran backed Hezbollah. I'm Michelle Martin, that's Layla fau. And this is upfirst from NPR News. It's a dramatic escalation. After nearly a year of Israel and Lebanon trading fire across the border that's already displaced, tens of thousands from their homes in both Israel and Lebanon, now more than a thousand Lebanese have been killed and more than 1 million are displaced. Many sleeping in the rain. Right now, both Israelis and Lebanese are wondering when they might return home In the us. Tonight's Vice Presidential Debate may be the last before the election.


This fall, we'll tell you what to watch for as Tim Walls and JD Vance face off for the first and probably only time. stay with us. We've got the news You need to start your


day. This message comes from Capital one. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One NA member FDIC,


support for NPR And the following message come from Betterment, the automated investing and savings app, CEO. Sarah Levy shares how Betterment utilizes tech tools powered by human advice. Betterment is here to help customers build wealth their way, and we provide powerful technology and complete human support where technology can deliver ease of use and affordability. And the people behind that technology can provide advice and guidance. Learn more at Betterment dot com. Investing involves risk performance, not guaranteed.


This message comes from Carvana. With Carvana value Tracker. You can track your car's value anytime, anywhere. Carvana will even let you know when your car's value changes with updated emails, however you value your car, know it's worth. With Carvana value Tracker,


Israel has launched what it's calling limited incursions into Southern Lebanon. This comes after Israeli airstrikes killed top Hezbollah officials and more than a thousand people, including women and children. Joining us now from Beirut is NPR R'S Jane Araf, and from Haifa in Northern Israel, npr, R'S Cat Lon Dorf. Thank you both for being here. Thank You. Thank you. So Jane, I wanna start with you. What just happened? Well, the short answer, Layla Israel has invaded Lebanon, not for the first time, but the first time since 2006, late last night, there was heavy Israeli shelling across the border, and that was followed by Israeli troops moving in.


The Lebanese army withdrew from checkpoints and pulled back an army official called it repositioning. There's now extensive damage in border villages, the main road to some of them now impassable. We have to remember that the Lebanese army is much weaker than Hezbollah, which has been fighting across the border in support of Palestinians and Gaza since that war began a year ago. The Lebanese government says at least 95 people were killed and 170 wounded in Israeli attacks just yesterday alone. Right, and that was in both South Lebanon and in Beirut. Exactly. Now, KA, exactly. What is the Israeli military saying about this operation?


Well, the Israeli military is calling these quote limited and localized raids, but we've heard them use this language before in parts of Gaza, and Israel is still fighting a war there nearly a year later. So there are some real questions about what that really means. They also put out a statement saying that the troops that went into Lebanon first were the same brigades that have been operating in Gaza, noting that these troops gained skills and operational experience that they are going to be using in the north. You know, Gaza has been a brutal war with more than 41,000 Palestinians killed in the fighting there. Israel officials say that the point of this incursion is to push Hezbollah back from the border, and that's so that the tens of thousands of Israelis that have been displaced from the north can return home, which is something Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been promising.


Now, you've been up in the north for the past week, and you spent yesterday talking to Israelis still living close to the Israel Lebanese border. What are they saying? Yeah, so yesterday before this incursion started, we spent all day driving around to cities and towns near the border. It's an area that has been increasingly militarized in the past few months since the last time I was up here. There have been a lot of checkpoints added. Evacuated kibbutz have been turned into makeshift military bases, and there's just lots and lots of military equipment being moved up, driving around, you'll see tanks, Jeeps, soldiers, all mobilizing, and there's still a lot of sirens and rockets too. You know, yesterday we had to find cover at least three times. We went to the town of Rina. It's in an area that's been targeted by Hezbollah rockets a lot in the past week, several times a day.


And I talked with Yahu Yotam. He was sitting in a small cafe. He actually fought in the Israeli military in Lebanon back in the nineties when Israeli troops occupied southern Lebanon, like you said, for 18 years. And I asked him how he was feeling, knowing that a similar situation might be about to happen. It's gonna be tough, it's not gonna be easy, but still it's necessary. It must be If. you want to defense the the board of Israel. So now we have to do the operation first, and then we can have the time to diplomatic sway. And I talked to a lot of people yesterday who had a very, very similar sentiment that this was a necessary next step for Israel to do, and that diplomacy was not an option right now, that it could happen later. So Jane, what about what you're hearing from Lebanese civilians? I mean, we've seen these Israeli airstrikes across the country and in central Beirut, It's really hard to describe how surreal it is.


I mean, here in Beirut, in many senses, a sophisticated city, they go through the day with drones overhead, Israeli drones, the sound of sirens. You can hear the airstrikes from different parts of Beirut. This is already a damaged country. And what's happening now has left people lost. In many senses, Israel had been focusing its attacks in Beirut, in the southern suburbs where Hezbollah has bases. But this week in its first attack in years, its struck central Beirut. Yeah, an apartment building targeting commanders of a major Palestinian faction. We had been there just two days before, and people displaced by the attacks in the suburbs were sleeping on the streets.


When we went back yesterday, a lot of people were trying to leave the city entirely. It was close to a depot for mini buses. A bus driver called out the destinations, the driver, Hassan, everyone's afraid of giving full names. Adam himself been displaced from the south of Lebanon where part of his neighborhood has been destroyed. I asked him about the future, about a country without Hassan ra. He said, no, we're not without him. He left hundreds behind like him. We all know this. So imagine this small country, 6 million people, a million displaced, many with no possessions, and nowhere to go.


Those who can leave the country are trying hard but If. you look at the airport departure list at Beirut airport, it's just cancellation after cancellation, and that has become much, much tougher. And what about how Hezbollah is responding? Israel's killing of Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah was an immense blow. So last night, Hezbollah continued to Shell Israeli positions across the border. And RA's deputy Na Kasam addressed followers as well across Beirut. People were listening on their phones and car radios. Kasum said they would continue the battle in support of Palestinians and to defend Lebanon.


He ended with a Quranic verse that counseled patience while rebuilding strength for the fight. And meanwhile, Israel has expanded from its main target of Hezbollah, Lebanese, but Iran back to militant Palestinian leaders, including a strike yesterday on a Palestinian refugee camp. Now Kat, all of this, of course, is happening and maybe overshadowing what continues, which is the war in Gaza. Yeah. And it seems the scale of the conflict is only expanding. Yeah, I mean, Israel is now fighting on several fronts. The war in Gaza is still very much happening. And now this expanded front up north in Lebanon, and there are also nearly daily Israeli military raids happening in the Israeli occupied West Bank.


And Israelis generally seem supportive of a lot of this. There's one question that everyone is asking here though. It's that, like I said earlier, the Israeli leadership justified this operation up north with a pledge to return the displaced people their home. But now, as this conflict expands, there's no guarantee this will end. That's NPRs Cat Lon Dorf in Haifa, Northern Israel, and Jane Araf in Beirut, Lebanon. Thank you to you both and be safe. Thank You, Lila. Thank you. Tonight, Ohio Senator, JD Vance, and Minnesota Governor Tim Walls will face off for the first and only time.


In, the vice presidential debate. Republican, Vance, and Democrat won't both need to help their respective tickets win over undecided or perhaps indifferent voters in several crucial swing states. Even as voting is already underway in parts of the Country, NPR political correspondent, Danielle Kurtz Lavin is here to help us set up what tonight might look like. Good morning, Danielle. Hey, good morning. So let's start with the Republican candidate. What are you expecting from JD Vance? Well, He's smart. He went to Yale Law School after all, and he does a lot of interviews, and he isn't shy in those about arguing with his interviewers. So I imagine he might be an aggressive debater tonight, but he also does have some low favorability ratings to overcome. So we may well see him try to be as likable and approachable as possible.


Now, in a call yesterday with the Trump campaign, reporters got a taste of what Vance might say tonight. They really emphasize that despite walls as casual demeanor on the trail, he is still a long time politician, and they also cast walls as super liberal Minnesota representative Tom Emer, who has been playing walls in Vance's debate prep, he called walls Gavin Newsom in a flannel shirt. Okay, so what about Tim Walls? What should we expect there? You know, we haven't heard as much from the Harris side about his debate prep, but a source familiar told my colleague, Tamara Keith, that they're really trying to let quote the governor, be the governor and let him day true to who he is, not turn him into a slick debater like Vance.


He's really the one remember who really popularized calling Vance and Trump weird. And while casting Democrats as common sense, that's one of his big philosophies in this race. Okay. I have to ask though, how much this debate actually matters as we point out. I mean, early voting has started in parts of the country. There's already been this big debate between Trump and Harris, Right? Yeah. I mean, vice presidential debates don't have a history of swinging polls meaningfully. Now, I'm not gonna say that they don't matter, especially in a tight race like this. And also these two, either one would be a heartbeat from the presidency as we say. I mean, generally, I think the idea of a Vice Presidential Debate is first do no harm. These guys need to not make any big flubs and just sell the person at the top of the ticket.


The two things I would add is that, you know, this is a unique debate in some ways. Like you said, we've had one matchup, but it's only been one between Harris and Trump. We're not expecting another. So this is only gonna be the second debate that voters are gonna see. Besides that, you know, Harris has only been a candidate for two months. So Walls is defending a record that many voters might not even be very familiar with. And Vance meanwhile might be trying to make up for a presidential debate that went badly for Trump. Okay. So tonight seems to not so much be about winning individually as it's about sticking to the presidential candidate's message, but both vans and walls are new to a lot of Americans. How much is tonight about the message versus the messenger?


Well, like you said, a lot of Americans are just getting to know these two guys. So people watching may well learn something new about them. Moreover, walls and vans are both the every man haves of their respective tickets. Trump, after all, is a billionaire. And Kamala Harris has been well known as a politician for years. And moreover, she is something new in a presidential candidate. She's a woman of color. So both of these guys very much may try to just be as relatable as possible. That's something they do a lot, and I imagine that's what we'll see from them tonight. NPRs Danielle, Kurt Labban. Thank you, Danielle. Thank You. There's one more story. We're following. Dock workers at ports from Houston to Boston are on strike.


Who Are we? Who are We? At? The Port of Baltimore picket line formed just after midnight when workers' contracts with shipping companies and port operators expired. They're demanding better wages and job protections. The standoff couldn't snare billions of dollars in imports and exports. And that's upfirst for Tuesday, October 1st. I'm Layla Alden. And I'm Michelle Martin. Join us tonight at 9:00 PM Eastern for live special coverage as we simulcast the CBS news, Vice, Presidential, Debate. Listen, live on many local NPR stations or the NPR app, and come back tomorrow for coverage and analysis right here on upfirst.


Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Vincent Knee Megan Pratz, Ali Schweitzer, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Iman Maani, Paige Waterhouse Nia Dumas and Ana Perez We. get engineering support from Stacey Abbott. and our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org.


JD Vance and Tim Walls had their first and only debate on Tuesday. What happened? The NPR Politics podcast has you covered with all the news and analysis from the Vice Presidential Debate Listen to the NPR Politics podcast. Wherever you get your podcast. As election day approaches NPRs consider this podcast is zooming in on six states that could determine who wins the White House, Georgia, Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, Arizona, and Pennsylvania. We'll ask voters in these swing states what matters to them and which way they want the country to go. Follow along with new episodes this week on the Consider This podcast from NPR.