
Officials say they're close to getting a temporary truce between Israel and Hezbollah. They've been trading fire for over a year. In the last two months, Israeli attacks escalated, decimating Hezbollah's leadership and parts of Lebanon. I'm Layla Foaled, that's Rob Schmitz. And this is upfirst from NPR News. Congress holds the power of the purse, but could the future president take that power To further crack down on rampant waste in the federal government? We're going to bring back presidential impoundment authority, which nobody knows what it is. Or Look at one way President-elect Trump could slash government spending. And what a man central to the conservative legal movement plans to focus on during the next administration.


I wanna crush liberal dominance. Stay with us. We'll give you the news you need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares why sattva Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At Sattva, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful. To make sure you make the right choice To learn more, go to SA tva.com/npr.


Support for NPR and the following message come from GoodRx. Did you know GoodRx offers 20 popular diabetes medications for under $20? Check GoodRx before heading to the pharmacy and get up to 80% off your prescriptions. GoodRx is free and easy to use. Search any medication, get your coupon and start saving even if you have insurance or Medicare. GoodRx could beat your copay. See how much you could save on diabetes and everyday prescriptions@goodrx.com slash upfirst.


This message comes from better health. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls, and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with better help. try@betterhelp.com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month.


A possible Ceasefire is in the works between Israel and Lebanon. Yeah, both Israeli and Lebanese officials are set to hold meetings and vote on the proposal. This week, Israel and Hezbollah had been fighting a low level conflict for more than a year now. Then in late September, Israel widened its airstrikes on Lebanon and sent in ground troops killing most of Hezbollah's leadership and devastating the country. The UN estimates a quarter of Lebanon's population has been displaced. For more on the details of the ceasefire, we're joined now by NPR r's, Lauren Freyer in the Lebanese capitol. Beirut. Lauren, what are the terms of this proposal? So it's not a done deal yet, but here's what we understand.


It would be an initial two month ceasefire. 60 days takes us to Donald Trump's inauguration. Israeli troops would withdraw from Lebanon. Hezbollah would pull its fighters and weapons north of the Litani River. That's about 20 miles from the Israeli border. The Lebanese army would move in alongside un peacekeepers who are already there. An international committee would be set up to monitor implementation of this ceasefire. Incidentally, these are basically the terms of the last ceasefire between Israel and Lebanon in 2006, which was never fully implemented. Hmm. The US and Israel, of course consider Hezbollah a terrorist group. So how do these talks work? So Hezbollah is really the power broker in this country, but it is the Lebanese government that is negotiating and signing this agreement.


The speaker of the Lebanese parliament is close to Hezbollah and is sort of deputized to negotiate on Hezbollah's behalf. So he's been shuttling back and forth between Hezbollah and the US Envoy, Amis Hochstein, who has been shuttling back and forth between Beirut and Jerusalem. Which explains in part, aside from all these sensitivities, why this process is just so time consuming. Right. So, so in Washington, of course, US officials have been characterizing this as close to a deal, but not quite there yet. So, what are some of these stumbling blocks that we're seeing? So one of them is Israel wants the freedom to attack Hezbollah if it thinks the group is violating the ceasefire by keeping weapons near the Israeli border, for example, by the way, Israeli surveillance here is intense.


I don't know if you can hear me, but there's Israeli drone buzzing over the building where I am right now. Hmm. If the US guarantees Israel the right to strike preemptively that could be seen here in Lebanon as a violation of this country's sovereignty, and really a red line on this side. NPR spoke this morning to a Lebanese member of Parliament. His name is Simon Abbi Ramia, And He basically says, no matter what the US may be telling Israel on the sidelines, any such right for Israel to attack preemptively is not part of this official agreement. And Lauren, you're there in Beirut. You've mentioned the drones buzzing over your head.


You know, I'm wondering how are people there that you're talking to? How are they feeling Devastated and exhausted? Lebanon and Hezbollah have paid a very dear price in this war. Nearly all of Hezbollah's leaders have been killed in Israeli attacks. More than 3,700 people killed on this side of the border since September. You know, even today, airstrikes seem to be intensifying. Even during these negotiations in central Beirut, we get shaken from our beds. There are huge booms constantly. There's widespread destruction. Parts of Beirut look like Gaza, but Hezbollah is still managing to fire rockets at Israel this weekend, upwards of 250 rockets in a single day. So in that sense, Israel has failed to eliminate the threat.


That's NPR r's. Lauren Freyer and Beirut. Thanks, Lauren. You're welcome. President Elect Trump is promising big cuts in government spending And he wants to use a little known tool to make those cuts To further crack down on rampant waste in the federal government. We're going to bring back presidential impoundment authority, which nobody knows what it is, but it allows the president to go out and cut things and save a fortune for our country, things that make no sense. And on Friday, he announced his pick for someone to wield that tool, it's Russ Vote, a key architect of Project 2025, who will lead the White House budget office.


NPR White House correspondent Franco Ordonez joins me now in the studio to break this all down. Good morning, Franco. Hey Rob. So let's get into this. You know, we heard Trump there say nobody knows what impoundment authority is. I mean, this sounds like something you might do to a dog. What does the adminis like incoming administration say about this? Yeah, So Congress has the power of the purse, right? So it decides how money should be spent. Impoundment, it is an odd word, is when the President kind of holds back money that Congress has approved for a specific purpose. Trump and his allies, like Russ Vote, argue a president has the right or should have the right to not spend those funds.


And that's raising alarm bells across Washington that Trump may be trying to overstep his power. So. what does the law say about that? Well, there is a law in the books. It's called the Impoundment Control Act of 1974. It requires that the President spend money as Congress directs. I talked to Eloise Pasikov, she's a Georgetown Law professor. She says it's all part of the system's checks and balances. I'm cautiously optimistic because I think that this is the way the system is supposed to work. You know, I believe in the rule of law. I believe in government institutions doing what they're set up to do. I'm also worried because these are complicated times, But Vote has argued, and I'd say forcefully, that it's unconstitutional.


Trump is nominating him for his old job. The director of the Office of Management and Budget vote told me last year when talking about Project 2025, that impoundment could be useful. And here he is talking about it on Fox Business. I believe that the loss of impoundment authority, which 200 years of President enjoyed, was the original sin in eliminating the ability from a branch on branch to control spending. And we're gonna need to bring that back. So of course, how would Trump bring that back? Well, I mean, he tested it out once before. In his first term, he impounded foreign aid for Ukraine. But Congress objected. It was part of his first impeachment. So we'll see what Congress does this time with Republicans in control.


Several of Trump's top aides wanna use it. That includes Elon Musk, the tech billionaire, and former GOP Presidential hopeful Vive Ramis Swami. They say bypassing the law could help them in their work on the Department of Government efficiency or Doge for short. And Trump says he'll direct agencies to identify part of their budgets to impound. He also say it's a way to quote, choke off the money to parts of the government he doesn't like. So Franco, if there's a law in the books though, I mean, wouldn't any moves to cut costs by using this impoundment authority be challenged in the courts? Yeah, and I talked to experts about this, you know, and they say it is almost certainly going to be headed to the Supreme Court, and that Trump would have to argue that his constitutional powers will override the 1974 law.


But they also say that the Supreme Court has acted favorably toward Trump in terms of executive power, and they think it will be sympathetic again this time. That is NPR R'S Franco. Ordonez Franco, thank you. Thank you. A second term for President-elect. Donald Trump means another opportunity for conservatives to entrench their power. Trump appointed three Supreme Court justices in his last term, explicitly promising that they would overturn the federal right to abortion, and they did so at the first opportunity. So, what do conservatives plan this time?


Steve Inskeep has been talking with a man who's been central to the conservative legal movement. Steve, who are we talking about here? He's Leonard Leo, and he played a big role in assembling the Supreme Court's conservative super majority. He has links with a lot of conservative donors and with several conservative legal groups, the most famous of which is the Federalist Society. And he's been central to setting up a network to identify and promote young lawyers, law clerks with what Leo would consider the right political views or judicial views, and persuaded Republican presidents to appoint them to the bench. Hmm. So, what does he plan this time around? Well, his network has potential judicial nominees ready, although there are fewer vacancies this time.


So Leo is turning his fundraising and organizing skills on other targets. He wants people promoting Western culture and traditional values as he sees them in other industries, wall Street, Silicon Valley, even Hollywood. And there are a lot of young professionals in entertainment and in journalism and in business and finance who are looking, you know, for opportunities to inject their traditional values and the western cultural tradition into other aspects of American social and cultural life. ProPublica obtained a video of you promoting this project and saying you wanted to quote, crush liberal dominance. Is that what you wanna do?


Yes. And the reason Steve, and and I would really call your attention to the words I use, okay, I wanna crush liberal dominance. In other words, I wanna make sure that there's a level playing field for the American people to make choices about the lives that they want to have in their country. So this approach obviously was successful for the judiciary, but Steve, I'm hearing him talk about Hollywood, the Wall Street. Is he able to do that for these sectors of American social life? Well, he can try and he has access to funding for sure. Although these industries are a lot bigger and less centralized, you can't just win a presidential election and have your guys start to pointing people.


It'd be a much more complicated process. Although he feels like those industries are moving in his direction now. Yeah, and I I wanna ask you about another aspect of the coming administration. Trump wants to greatly increase presidential power. He wants to take steps that may get him sued and he'd end up in front of judges promoted by Leonard Leo. Can they rule independently in those cases? Well, I asked because Leo himself contends that he's for the rule of law, so does he want a lawless president? And he expressed confidence in the separation of powers to contain Trump. I think the conservative justices of the court have consistently shown that they rule independently in 2020 during the earlier election, the Supreme Court and the lower federal courts ruled in the election cases the way they saw it.


Of course, the court has also ruled in the president-elect's favor most recently, saying that the president has immunity for his official acts and even for some private actions, which impeded the prosecution of Trump and will now apply to his actions in 2025. That is our very own morning edition host, Steve Inskeep. Steve, thank you. You're Welcome. And that's upfirst for Tuesday, November 26th. I'm Rob Schmitz. And I'm Layla Fal. For your next Listen, why not try consider this from NPR President-elect. Trump has suggested that in his second term, he'll take on the news media with more than just words.


How might he do it? And how will the press respond? Listen to consider this from NPR. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Dietrich sk Roberta Rampton Jan Johnson Lisa Thompson and Muhammad El Bari. It was produced by Ziyad b Nia Dumas and Lily Kiros We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent. And our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us again tomorrow. I just love Carly's name so much. I just feel like she's, you know, an investigator. A private eye. Exactly. Some type of like superhero. Carly Strange. It is a good name. It's like a name bound for fame. Exactly.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR r sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to mint mobile.com/switch.