(1s):
Real quick before today's upfirst. It's been a wild and exhausting election season, I'll say. And as we get even closer to November 5th, as you continue to follow events with this podcast, we want you to know There are other ways to keep up with developments throughout the week. First, you can find a new episode of the NPR Politics Podcast with context and analysis on the big stories whenever they happen every weekday. Now, how might this work into your busy day to day? You get an alert, big breaking news, you don't have time to think about it or you don't know what to think about it. But you can look for the NPR Politics podcast a few hours later, And then you can also listen to consider this.

(44s):
It's the podcast where NPR covers one big story in depth every weekday evening. They're all over this election and the aftermath. So to recap, now you've got upfirst in the morning. Consider this in the evening and the NPR Politics podcast anytime big news happens. And around the clock. Election news survival kit from NPR podcast. Okay, thank you for listening. Now let's get back to business. Israel Strikes back hitting military targets in Iran. We are prepared on offense and defense to defend the state of Israel and the people of Israel.

(1m 24s):
I'm Scott Simon, I'm Aisha Rosco. And this is upfirst from NPR News. Israel strikes our in retaliation for Iran's attack earlier this month. More on that in a moment. Also, a draft endorsement for Vice President Kamala Harris is scrapped. The Washington Post will not endorse a presidential candidate what's behind the decision. And in Los Angeles, a 10th and Grand Slam in a win for the Dodgers. Exactly the kind of baseball you expect in game one of the World Series. Unless you're a Yankees fan. So please stay with us. We've got the news you need to start your weekend

(2m 11s):
Support for NPR and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions. So, you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.

(2m 26s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com slash upfirst.

(2m 43s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Walmart. Walmart is fueling American jobs and strengthening communities with an additional $350 billion investment in products made, grown or assembled in America. This commitment to US manufacturing is helping local businesses across the country hire more people and support their local communities. Learn how Walmart is supporting us manufacturing by visiting walmart.com/america at work.

(3m 12s):
This message comes from better help. Can you think of a time when you didn't feel like you could be yourself like you were hiding behind a mask? Better Help Online Therapy is convenient, flexible, and can help you learn to be your authentic self. So. you can take off the mask because masks should be for Halloween fun, not for your emotions. Visit better help.com/npr today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HEL p.com/ NPR.

(3m 41s):
Israeli military spokesman Daniel Hagar said, Israel's overnight attack comes after more than a year of war fueled by Iran and its proxies Like every other sovereign country in the world. The state of Israel has the right and the duty to respond. The US says it wants this to be the end of Israel and Iran's direct military confrontation N vs. Daniel Estrin Moore from Tel Aviv. Daniel, thanks for being with us. Thanks for having me. Scott, what Exactly did Israel target? I spoke about this with an official who is briefed on the matter, an official who was not authorized to speak publicly about this, but who told me that there were three waves of Israeli strikes on Iran.

(4m 24s):
The first wave of strikes was on Iran's air defenses. The second and third waves were on storage and production sites of ballistic missiles and drones. This official said that Israel's response was designed as a kind of a quid pro quo after Iran carried out its missile strikes on Israel on October 1st, and also designed in a way that Iran would be able to contain any reaction. Israel says that its retaliation against Iran is now over and Iran indeed is signaling that it's downplaying. This Iran's state news agency said Israeli airstrikes caused limited damage. It says civilian flights are up and running again in the country.

(5m 6s):
It also said two of its soldiers were killed. So we will have to see if this does draw an Iranian response. We, we know the US had been sending air defenses and troops to the region. In anticipation of the strikes was the US involved in the Israeli attacks, The US as it was not involved directly in Israel's attacks, but the US had been very much involved behind the scenes, not only sending those air defenses and troops you mentioned, but in the last several weeks the US has been encouraging Israel very strongly not to hit nuclear facilities or oil facilities in Iran. And indeed that's what happened. They Israel did not attack nuclear or oil facilities and the US seems satisfied with Israel's response.

(5m 50s):
A senior US official told reporters that Israel focused solely on military targets and avoided populated areas. And the US' main message here is that this should be the end of direct military exchange between Israel and Iran. Israel seems to be suggesting that this could be just the beginning and not the end. The official I spoke with said Israel's attack was designed to send a warning to Iran that Israel's intelligence and its Air Force are far reaching and would be able to act in the future. And Israel could even be trying to build a case for targeting Iran's nuclear facilities in the future. And of course, Daniel Israel is still waging wars in Gaza in Lebanon.

(6m 33s):
Do you foresee those conflicts reaching any kind of resolution soon In Gaza? On the short term, maybe there is a new US diplomatic push for a hostage and ceasefire deal. There's a new Egyptian proposal on the table for a mini 10 day ceasefire. So we'll have to see how those efforts go. Long term though, Scott, it's very hard to see Israel ending in a major final way ending its operations in Gaza when it doesn't have a clear plan in place for who takes over Gaza after the war ends. And as Israel's assault in North Gaza is only intensifying on the Lebanon front, the US is pushing for a ceasefire there in the coming weeks, not in the coming months.

(7m 17s):
And remember in Israel, these wars have been costly for Israel. Just in the last few days, a dozen Israeli soldiers were killed in Lebanon and in Gaza to Israeli civilians were killed recently from Rocket Fire from Lebanon. So that is also a factor certainly in how Israel calculates how long it can go on fighting. And P'S Daniel Estrin in Tel Aviv. Daniel, thanks so much. You're Welcome, Scott. The matter of the Washington Post is democracy dies in darkness And yet in the final days of a presidential race that's too close to call, the Post is not endorsing either candidate And Pier Media correspondent David Fo Flick broke this story and joins us.

(8m 2s):
David, thanks for being with us. Pleasure host who's known for its political coverage. It's the paper that broke the Watergate story and many more without fear or favor. We've seen the movies. Why is it stepping away from making an endorsement in this presidential race? So let's go first to the stated reason posted yesterday, just before noon from the publisher and chief executive Will Lewis. He says that the post wants to return to its roots independent of partisan interests. It sort of has for decades style itself as an independent newspaper under owner Jeff Bezos. He said they are going to, for the future, not endorse in presidential races and and seek to attain that. Now this was a paper that has been editorially largely supportive, not uniformly, but largely supportive of the Biden Harris administration.

(8m 48s):
There had been a draft of an endorsement in the works endorsing vice president Kamala Harris for the presidency. And you know, this is a newspaper that has been in the vanguard of reporting on former president Donald Trump's alleged wrongdoing and potential illegalities in office and has denounced to editorially for that on its editorial pages. All throughout the, that proposed endorsement which had been embraced by the editorial page editor doesn't come as a surprise, but right now, if you're looking at it on its own terms, the explanation, you look at a time when the media is under attack, trust is at record lows, particularly among conservatives, especially among Trump supporters. This is on its surface and effort by the owner Jeff Bezos, to try to remediate and address that.

(9m 30s):
What's the reaction been like at the Post? Well, because of the TR post record in its reporting and because of its strong opinions, talking about Trump being unfit for office in its separately run editorial side, particularly as a result of the January, 2021 efforts to deny President Biden's certification of his win. There's been fewer, there's been tumult inside the Post and, and to some degree outside of as well resignation of Robert Kagan, a longtime columnist editor at large. He's been warning for years of Trump as an authoritarian in the making. And Robert Kagan is no liberal either. He is absolutely not, not a liberal by any stretch or means. 10 opinion writers at the post denounced the post decision in a posting they did on its own website.

(10m 11s):
You saw Woodward and Bernstein come out. You saw Marty Baron, the Lionized former executive editor of the Post call it Cowardice and Spineless. And you saw over 1600 cancellations of digital subscriptions there three hours after the story broke. And that's happening against a backdrop in which Trump has been attempting to directly and expressly intimidate the press saying that If, he wins office once more, that he will wreak vengeance against it. And if you think about Jeff Bezos, yes, he's the owner of the Post, but of course the founder of Amazon. He has a ton of business interests worth billions involving the federal government. Amazon's shipping it's cloud computing contracts. And his space company Blue Origin, has a multi-billion dollar deal with federal government to take people into the heavens.

(10m 53s):
This follows a similar decision by the publisher of the Los Angeles Times. Is it a similar story and and reasoning by the owner there? Yeah. And interestingly, there is no formal publisher there. It's all being decided by owner Patrick Soong. There had also been an editorial in support of Kamala Harris being drafted and he decided to kill it. That led to the resignation of the editorials editor and two other editorial writers there. Patrick Soong, again, a civic leader stepped forward to buy the times to try to sustain it. And at the same time, he's a billionaire physician inventor with major interest before federal regulators should Trump wins Again, he is threatening this vengeance that I messaged. And so here's the question. Are these figures trying to, at a time of low trust in the media, redefine their papers as more independent and away from partisan interests just days before an election that their own editorial pages say may define the future of the American Democratic experiment for decades to come?

(11m 49s):
Or is this a moment where paper are buckling in the face of potential pressure because of course this race is so close they don't know who's gonna win. And here's David Foin flick. Thanks so much. Great reporting. You Bet. Traffic in Los Angeles yesterday was a nightmare. And for the New York Yankees, so was game one of the World Series. Isn't traffic always a nightmare in Los Angeles Anyway, an extra inning, a grand slam, and a win for the hometown Dodgers. ESPN's Michelle Steele joins us. Michelle, thanks for being with us. I Don't know how any Dodgers fans went to sleep after that game.

(12m 31s):
Scott. Oh I mean, my gosh, six to three 10th inning walk off Grand Slam by Freddie Freeman. What an ending. It was just horrific, wasn't it? I mean, that's what this time of year is all about. Oh, Absolutely. Can, can I just set the scene here? Sure. For what happened? I, I'm ready to relive it all. Go ahead. Dodgers fans will be with me on this one. Yankees lead three, two men on first and second base. The Yankees intentionally walk Mooky bets to get to Freddie Freeman. Now you might be asking yourself, why would you do that? Well, Freeman is basically playing on one leg. He's got a right ankle. He is not gonna hit with any power. No way.

(13m 12s):
No way. Yeah, yeah. No, I'm not that guy. And the rest is History. Freeman hits his first home run since September 16. Base is loaded. First Walk-off Grand Slam and World Series history channeling Kirk Gibson in his walk-Off Home run in 1988 in the World Series. And there's a reason, Scott Simon, that this is called the Fall Classic. Can't wait for game two. Yeah. So many stars between these two teams. Freddy Freeman, JohE O Tani, Mookie Bets, Aaron Judge, Juan Soto, John Carbo, Stanton. I could go on, We'd run, we'd run Outta Money then though. You you can't go on after that, after those Contracts.

(13m 52s):
Oh, mercy. Yes. But that's part of what makes it fa and and of course Shhe Otani, his first year with the Dodgers, his first year in the playoffs after missing all of 'em in all six seasons with the La Angels. I mean there's no predicting, but what an opportunity to see what, you know, a man who's already acclaimed is one of the greats of all time and maybe the greatest playing in these kinds of circumstances. Yeah. You know, you went through all of those stars and these games are absolutely loaded on both sides here. But I wanna make a special mention for Show a Tani because the whole world watches this guy I mean There are some reports saying that more people were watching him in Japan than the NLCS than they were even in the United States.

(14m 39s):
He's an absolute superstar. And is the pressure reaching him? I don't think so. I mean he's, he's playing great. He's a lot happier. He looks a lot happier as a dodger playing in the World Series than he did as an angel going home to Japan every year for the last six years after the final game of the regular season. Yeah. You know, Scott, there was a video that circulated of him last year after an angel's loss where the guy looked to be almost on the verge of tears. People around him saw how unsatisfied he was. 'cause he came to this country to compete for championships. He said after the game last night, he's just grateful to be in this position. And you know what, if you watch him, he's showing swagger, he's showing fire.

(15m 19s):
It's great to see, don't look for him to pitch in this series. Dave Roberts has slam the brakes on that idea, but the rest of his game is on full display. Oh boy. And I gotta ask about Fernando Valenzuela, the Dodger great passed away Tuesday of the age of 63. Fans might remember Fernando mania, the magical 1980 win season that ended with a World Series title. Dodgers remembered him last night. Oh yeah, they, they played a video tribute before the game. And as you can imagine, plenty of people in the stands with number 34 jerseys. He is heavy on the mind this week for that franchise.

(15m 60s):
The last time the Dodgers played the Yankees, right? Yeah. Valenzuela was in the rotation. He started in one game, three from Oral Hershier Heiser. And Steve Yeager walked out in number 34 jerseys when he, they came out to throw the first pitch. You know, it's really sad. Of course I met so much to that franchise past the week before the World Series. But what an appropriate time to honor someone who met so much to this team. Scott. Yeah. Michelle Steele of ESPN. Take care. Talk to you soon. Thank you. Sure. And that's upfirst for Saturday, October 26th, 2024. I'm Scott Simon, and I'm a Roscoe Andrew Craig producer.

(16m 41s):
Today's podcast with help from Fernando Naro. Our director is Michael Radcliffe. Our editors are Hannah Block, Emily Kopp, will Jarvis, ed McNulty and Melissa Gray, who are all wise and all smooth like Budda. Hannah GL is our technical director with engineering support from Stacey Abbott, Andy Hether and Arthur Halladay. Lauren, they put up with so much from us and we appreciate It. Yeah, they put up with us. Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor, Sarah Lucy Oliver's our executive producer with Help This week from Julia Redpath. Luis Clemons is our Deputy managing Editor. Tomorrow on The Sunday Story A Forgotten War.

(17m 23s):
That's how an Exhausted Doctor described the conflict in Sudan and the resulting humanitarian crisis. We'll hear about the country Civil War, and how Sudan got to this point. For more news interviews, sports music, you can tune into weekend edition on your radio. Also, go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org.

(18m 12s):
That's plus.npr.org.

(18m 16s):
This message comes from Boland Branch. Start getting your best sleep with the softest, most luxurious bedding from Boland Branch. Feel the difference for yourself during their biggest sales of the entire year. Head to boland branch.com. Limited time only exclusions apply. See site for details.

(18m 33s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to mint mobile.com/switch.