
Israel struck nuclear and military sites in Iran killing the country's top generals. The Israeli Prime Minister says they're not done. This Operation will continue for as many days as it takes. How is Iran striking back? I'm Michelle Martin with Steve Inskeep, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. A judge ordered President Trump to return control of the National Guard to California Governor Gavin Newsom. I hope it's the beginning of a new day in this country where we pushed back against overreach. The Judge said the president exceeded his authority. Why did a higher court pause the order? Also, why did Homeland Security personnel handcuff a US Senator? And the house voted to reclaim funding Congress had allocated for public media.


Stay with us. We've ve got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from MIDI Health. Women in midlife face a healthcare desert, but MIDI is here to fill the gap, offering expert care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance, hot flashes, insomnia, brain fog, weight gain, and moodiness. Don't have to be accepted as just another part of aging. MIDI clinicians understand how these symptoms can connect to menopause and prescribe a wide range of solutions. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join, MID i.com.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Indeed, you just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed claim your $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs's more visibility@indeed.com slash npr. Terms and conditions apply.


This message comes from Schwab. Everyone has moments when they could have done better. Same goes for where you invest. Level up and invest smarter with Schwab. Get market insights, education, and human help when you need it.


People in Iran's capitol heard explosions overnight and soon learned that their country was under attack. The Israeli military affirms that it struck dozens of Iranian targets, including nuclear facilities, Iranian state media say that some of its top generals and nuclear scientists were killed. Iran promised a response. This is obviously a developing story. NPR said DLL CCHI is covering this from Tel Aviv. Good morning. Good morning. Who is saying what as you and I are talking now? Well, let's start with the Israeli military. It announced that it actually completed a large scale airstrike campaign in Western Iran. It includes also the capital teran, but Israeli defense minister Israel Katz has said there will be more attacks.


Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said, Israel targeted Iran's main nuclear enrichment facility called Naans. And Iran says that it did suffer damage. Both militaries also said that three top Iranian security chiefs were killed, including the Iranian military chief of staff Muhammad bdi. That's a major blow to Iran's military chain of command. Of course, Iran's supreme leader said Israel should expect a harsh punishment. And Israel said that Iran fired about a hundred drones at Israel. Really striking results, particularly since there'd been many signs that this attack might be coming and the Israelis still had this effect. What is it like in Israel this morning as people wait for a response?


Well, we actually all woke up pretty early around 3:00 AM local time to sirens across the country. It wasn't because there were any strikes. The Israeli military said they were a preemptive warning to Israelis to get prepared for a quote, major threat. The UR airport is closed, but all morning we could hear fighter jets overhead in the sky. This morning I went to the grocery store. It was full of people stocking up on water. Other supplies, just in case schools and public gatherings like the Tel Aviv Pride parade today are also canceled. The timing of this is really notable. What else is happening at this moment? When Israel chose to strike? I mean, this is all happening as the US and Iran have been actually holding talks for weeks. Now they're trying to strike a deal that would see Iran scale down on its nuclear program in exchange for the US lifting sanctions, those sanctions of crippled Iran's economy.


So Netanyahu has been adamant the entire time that the only way to stop Iran from developing a nuclear weapon is by war. Now, see, Iran insists that it doesn't want to develop a nuclear weapon. But then last month the UN's nuclear watchdog said that Iran actually had enough enriched uranium to theoretically develop a weapon. And then this week, the same watchdog for the first time in 20 years censored Iran over not complying with its inspections, but Iran is defiant. It also announced that it would start a third enrichment site in the country. How is the United States responding to this overnight news? So until just yesterday, president Trump signaled that a strike on Iran was possible but not imminent.


And then today on social media, he warned Iran that it will quote, only get worse and urge to Iran to make a deal quote before there is nothing left after the attack. Earlier this morning, the State Department said it was informed by Israel that it would strike. It said Israel carried it out unilaterally And that the US was not involved. Earlier this week, there was some foreshadowing. The US administration ordered the evacuation of non-essential staff from the US Embassy in Iraq, and then authorized their departure from other embassies in the Middle East. And then the US envoy. Steve Witkoff was due to meet with the Iranian negotiating team in Oman on Sunday. But of course now Iran said it won't be going.


Npr, R'S A DLL. Cchi has the latest from Tel Aviv. Thanks very much for the update and your insights. Really appreciate it. You're very welcome. National Guard troops in California remain under President Trump's command. For now, a judge ruled the president violated the law when he took command to the California Guard without clearance from Governor Gavin Newsom. The judge said the power must return to the state, but an appeals court quickly put that ruling on hold. Cap radio's. Laura Fitzgerald is covering this story from California. Good morning. Good morning, Steve. Okay, So what happened here?


Well, the central question here is who is in charge of 4,000 National Guard troops that have been in LA for almost a week? Normally, governors control their state national guards, but in this case, Trump federalized them against Governor Gavin. Newsom's wishes this happened a day after protests broke out in pockets of downtown LA in response to a series of ICE raids. City and state officials have insisted they didn't need the National Guard there. They said they already had enough resources, local law enforcement to maintain order. And Newsom said Trump calling in the National Guard would only make tensions worse. And so Newsom sued the Trump administration. And this is essentially a constitutional argument.


Why did the judge side with Newsom? Well, yesterday, US District Judge Charles Breyer in San Francisco, he's a Clinton appointee. He gave a 36 page ruling that said Trump's actions were illegal. And it wasn't surprising given the comments that he made during the hearing. Yesterday, he said that this country was founded in response to a monarchy. And he said that it would be a monarchy if the president didn't have to justify this action. He said the Trump administration didn't meet the threshold for federalizing, the National Guard. And part of the statute Trump used to justify deploying the guard requires a rebellion or danger of rebellion against the government. And the judge really took issue with this in his order yesterday saying that the protests in Los Angeles were far from what would be considered a rebellion.


And in the end, the judge ordered that the National Guard troops be returned to nuisances control by noon today. And immediately after the ruling, Newsom claimed to a victory. I hope it's the beginning of a new day in this country where we push back against overreach. We both push back against these authoritarian tendencies of a president that has pushed the boundaries, push the limit, but no longer can push this state around. But that victory was short-lived. Why? Well, the Trump administration appealed Judge Breyer's order within minutes and a few hours later, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals issued a state blocking that initial ruling.


So that means the National Guard will stay in LA under Trump's authority. Trump officials have said the guard is there to protect federal agents carrying out immigration enforcement and also to protect federal buildings. Officials also say they have the authority to temporarily detain people until law enforcement can make arrests. A White House spokesperson said in a statement to the Associated Press that Judge Breyer quote has no authority to usurp the President's authority as commander in chief. So what happens now? So the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals will hold the hearing on the issue on June 17th. That's next Tuesday. But there's still this question of the 700 Marines that Trump deployed to assist in la, they've been getting civil disobedience training at a naval facility in Orange Beach.


And Newsom's lawyers during the hearing yesterday, they wanted Judge Breyer to address the Marines involvement. But the judge said he wouldn't rule on that because the Marines, as far as we know, aren't in LA yet. When they are there, there's still an open question about what exactly they'll be doing on the ground. That's reporter Laura Fitzgerald. Thanks so much. Thank you, Steve. Exactly what happened at a Homeland Security Press conference yesterday. Homeland Security Secretary Christie Nome was talking to reporters. When US Senator Alex Padilla, a democrat from California, entered the room saying he wanted to speak with her. In this audio we can hear as security personnel blocked him.


Senator Alex Padilla. I have questions for the secretary because the fact of the matter is a half a dozen violent criminals that should rotating on your, on your I also Federal agents had the senator handcuffed on the ground after forcibly removing him from the room. NPR congressional correspondent Claudia Zales is covering this. Good morning. Good morning Steve. Let's learn the players here. Kristi Nome, secretary of Homeland Security, former Governor South Dakota. Senator Padilla is the other name. What should people know about him? Right? He was appointed to replace then vice President Kamala Harris in 2021. He won an election to the seat the following year, and he's the son of Mexican immigrants and also the first Latino senator to represent the state of California.


So these protests have been very personal for him. And he says he wasn't able to get a meeting with Nome, so that's why he went to our press conference taking place in this federal building. And that's when this incident ensued. Now, we should bear in mind there are different perspectives on all of this, right? Republicans are saying, why did you show up disrupting this press conference and so forth. But in any event, he ends up on the ground face down. If I I remember correctly, what are Democrats saying about this? They're calling it an assault. Some said this is a defining moment for the country and it's part of a series of actions by the administration signaling a new era of authoritarian rule. And as we know already, president Trump's decision to send the National Guard and US Marines into LA is set off a firestorm.


And this is on top of months of bitter disagreements over the administration's aggressive immigration policies. So this just adds to an already volatile situation. Take a listen to Padilla after the incident. If this is how the Department of Homeland security response to a senator with a question, You can only imagine what they're doing to farm workers, to cooks to day laborers. And You can hear him getting emotional there again. So for hours yesterday, Democrats took to the Senate Florida denounce. What happened? Minority leader Chuck Schumer said he was sickened by the footage and called her full investigation.


Now, I did notice that Secretary Nom said after the incident, she did meet with Padilla for a little while. What else does Homeland Security say? Right? And initially the department accused Padilla of quote disrespectful political theater. They said he didn't comply with requests to back away. And she said that it was not clear who he was, that no one knew he who he was. I mean they were at least 10, 15 feet apart when he was announcing his name. So it's possible that, that she could not hear him. But clearly they met and not much was resolved. And of course he did announce his name. Are other Republicans talking here? I was with a group of reporters last night who spoke to Senate majority leader John Thune just outside the Senate Chamber.


And he said he was waiting to hear from all the relevant parties before saying anymore about the incident other than saying it would be treated as if any other incident involved any other senator. But his counterpart at the other side of the Capitol wasn't waiting how Speaker Mike Johnson said, Padilla acted wildly inappropriate and he should be censured. So a reminder of a very politically charged moment over the President's immigration tactics and the fallout that continues NPS Claudia Zales, thanks so much. Thank You.


Some other news. Now the house voted to claw back money that Congress had previously allocated for PBS NPR and the public media system. For the next two years, The Senate still has to approve the measure. This is the closest public media has come to losing its federal funding. Alright, well listen, NPR covers all stories as fairly as we can, And that includes this story that involves NPR itself and its hundreds of local stations. NPR media correspondent David Fcon flick is on the line. And we will note that no NPR corporate leader or news executive has had a hand in the coverage you're about to hear. David. Good morning. Good morning, Steve. Okay, so this is called rescission. This is a process where the president asks Congress to cut money.


It had previously appropriated and Congress can agree by a simple majority vote. So what is in the bill that got through one of two houses yesterday? So the larger part was that more than $8 billion was pulled back from foreign aid that had already been approved. But in this case, what we're looking at is $1.1 billion, small change in the grand scheme of things, but that was to fund public broadcasting all of it. Mostly local public television radio stations for the next two years. This was something built on, in some ways years of resentment, but also hearings earlier this year. There are two objections about how much money is spent, but also what kind of news coverage and programming he's put on the air.


Let's hear from Ohio Republican, Jim Jordan. He summed it up this way. This bill's real simple. Don't spend money on stupid things and don't subsidize bias media. Now here's the funny thing you will hear from some public media officials, particularly NPRs representatives. The law passed by Congress at the outset decades ago explicitly protects public media against pressure from all federal officials over content. Presumably that includes Congress. This of course, is a small cut towards reducing the deficit, but also clearly based on the fight over whether or not there's bias in its news coverage. All Right? This has been a generation's old fight. Republicans have always pushed back against public media even though we know from experience that a great number of them listen, but they've ultimately supported it.


What's changed here? I think that you've seen the culture wars. I used to cover Congress a generation ago. It used to be Congress led by people like then House Speaker, new Gingrich wanted this as an issue. And now you're seeing the, the balance of power within the Republican conference in, in the House of Representatives. Anyway, want this as a win. There are a few Republicans who hold off on that. There's Mark Amide, he's a Republican from Nevada. He voted against this. He said, quote, I agree we must make meaningful cuts to shrink our federal deficit. However, I'd be doing a disservice to thousands of rural constituents in my district if I did not fight to keep their access to the rest of the world and news on the air Rural constituents, because NPR covers the entire country. How important though is the public money to NPR and PBS?


There are other sources of funding, You know, on its face it would seem to be not as important to NPR modest amount of money, but it could be huge for public radio and television stations. Our chief executive, Katherine Maher, warned about stations going dark and Americans being sort of in news deserts and it would undermine the system. It, it could really hit the networks much harder than the amount of money they directly get from the feds would suggest. Now this goes to the Senate. What can we expect there? Well, I think you have to look at particular moderates from purple states, especially those perhaps up for reelection next year. Or think of Tom Tillis in North Carolina, Susan Collins, who's already expressed some concerns over the foreign aid measures part of the bill. Both of them are in states led by democratic governors and their Republicans up for reelection next year.


But so far other than Alaska's Lisa Murkowski, you're seeing few Republicans come out of the woodworks to explicitly assert that, that she's there for public media. It may be another razor thin vote in a closely divided institution. NPS David F Conflict. Thanks. You Bet. And that's Upfirst for this Friday, June 13th. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Michelle Martin. The US faces a housing crisis and growing threats from climate change. One European city is tackling both problems at once, and leaders of American cities are paying attention. These climate Researchers, they kept repeating one word over and over. Vienna, Vienna, Vienna. Lessons from Vienna.


Listen to The Sunday Story this weekend right here in the Upfirst podcast. Vienna waits for you. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Alex left, Gigi Dubon, Jason Breslow, Emily Kopp, Lisa Thompson and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziat Bch, Katie Klein and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Nisha Highness. Our technical director is Carly Strange, And our Executive Producer is Jay Shaylor. Join us again.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Charles Schwab with its original podcast on investing. Each week you'll get thoughtful in-depth analysis of both the stock and the bond markets. Listen today and subscribe At Schwab dot com slash on investing or wherever you get your podcasts.


This message comes from total wine and more summer's here. And whether you're hosting friends or chilling on the patio, they've got the season's best wines, spirits, spears, and all the cocktail fixings, all at the lowest prices hosting a get together this Memorial Day weekend. Their friendly guides can help you find what suits your needs with the lowest pricing for over 30 years. Find what you love and love what you find. Only at total wine and more


Support for NPR and the following message come from Washington Wise. Decisions made in Washington can affect your portfolio every day. Washington Wise from Charles Schwab is an original podcast that unpacks the stories making news in Washington. Listen At Schwab dot com slash Washington Wise.