
Okay, Layla. We've made it almost to the end of 2024. Thank God. Well, it was an interesting year. Yeah. We had a presidential election. The Israel Hamas War continued. Hurricane Helene, the Summer Olympics. Astonishing stories. A story you covered just in recent weeks that nobody seemed to see coming. Yeah. The fall of Syria's ruler. Something you just couldn't even imagine just a few months ago. Absolutely.


But because NPR is after all National Public Radio, we rely on support from the public. That's you to keep this free service going. So please join us in our mission to create a more informed public by signing up for NPR plus. NPR plus. Oh, NPR plus. Sorry. Go on NPR R plus. Got it. It's a simple recurring donation that gets you perks, like sponsor free listening to more than 25 NPR podcasts, including upfirst. Thank you. If you're already a plus supporter. If not, You can sign up right now at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus npr.org. Maybe it's your New Year's resolution.


Former president Jimmy Carter has died at the age of 100. Jimmy Carter lived a life measured not by words, but by his deeds. President Biden announced more than a week of events, including a state funeral. I'm Layla Fadi, that's Steve Inskeep. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. A high ranking Syrian official tells NPR he wants the US to mediate cordial relations between Syria and Israel. Those remarks drew a sharp reaction throughout the Arab world and put Syrian leadership in damage control. Also, a man talks of seeing off family members who boarded an airplane that crashed over the weekend. Our colleague, Anthony Kuhn, is at a South Korean airport where many families want answers.


Stay with us. You've got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from a DT with Trusted Neighbor, the new standard in home access through the A DT plus app grant and automate event-based or scheduled access for neighbors, friends and helpers. Notify trusted individuals of events and set access windows for guests without interrupting your day. Visit adt.com when every second counts count on a DT requires a DT Complete pro monitoring plan and compatible devices. Copyright 2025 A-D-T-L-L-C. All rights reserved.


We are expecting more than a week of events to remember the life of Jimmy Carter, who's died at the age of 100. President Biden made a statement about his predecessor who was elected in 1976. Millions of people all around the world, all over the world feel they lost a friend as well, even though they never met him. And that's because Jimmy Carter lived the life measured not by words, but by his deeds. Those deeds spread across many decades. His single term in office was remembered for inflation, international unrest, and the seizure of American hostages in Tehran. He also made significant changes in the US government that endure to this day.


And after leaving the White House, he founded the Carter Center, which promoted healthcare and monitored elections around the world. Let's go back to the beginning of this a hundred year story. NPR. Stephen Fowler is in Atlanta, one of the places where Carter will be remembered. Stephen, good morning. Good morning. How did Jimmy Carter emerge on the national scene? Well, First Carter was born in this tiny southwest Georgia town called Plains. He joined the Navy. He was a lieutenant, the only US president to have qualified on submarines. Hmm. And after he left the service, he ran his family's peanut farm. Then he became a state senator before becoming governor of Georgia. He was a rural religious white southerner, but also said in his gubernatorial inaugural address that quote, the time for racial discrimination is over.


He had an unorthodox campaign style while he was governor. He befriended popular Georgia musicians like the Alman brothers who played concerts for him. And he had a peanut brigade of friends and family and volunteers who fanned out across the country to spread his message. Carter's presidential inauguration also came after the Vietnam War and the Watergate scandal. So many saw him as the right person at the right time for the mood of the American people. So together in a spirit of individual sacrifice for the common good, we must simply do our best. He told people he would never lie to them, And that he would never duck a controversial issue. But there certainly turned out to be plenty of controversy during his presidency.


Well, that's arguably an understatement, Steve. I mean, there were signature achievements when Carter was in office, like the Camp David Accords, that brokered peace between Israel and Egypt. He also did a ton to reorganize how the executive branch operated. He elevated the role of the vice president and did things like establish the Department of Education, but he had issues with Congress. He dealt with rampant inflation and soaring energy costs. And there was also the Iran hostage crisis. Carter faced a shellacking in his reelection campaign, and he left office as one of the most unpopular presidents in history. There Are historians in more recent times who've argued that his presidency was more successful than it seemed at the time. But the one thing that people seem to agree on now is his post presidency.


More than 40 years long, He didn't stay in politics, but he didn't shy away from using his platform either. You could see Jimmy Carter building affordable housing with the Habitat for Humanity nonprofit. He taught at Emory University in Atlanta. And for years he would speak to first year students answering questions about politics and things like, what's your favorite type of peanut butter, huh? But his signature work with the Epon Carter Center, along with his late wife, Rosalyn, bowed to quote, wage peace through work on democracy, global health, human rights, including effectively eradicating this parasitic disease, the Guinea worm in Africa. He was also awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, And now we're going to spend more than a week remembering him.


What are the funeral plans? He'll get a state funeral. It'll be a week plus of events. President Biden set January 9th as a national day of mourning, and the plans have been in place and more will be revealed soon, including at the Carter Center here in Atlanta. Just down the road from me. Steven, thanks very much. Really appreciate it. Thank you. That's NPR Steven Fowler in Atlanta. In an interview with NPR, A high ranking Syrian official said something unprecedented about relations with Israel. This is fascinating. He told NPR, S A DLL, CCHI, that Syria wants to have cordial ties and wants the US to help facilitate cordial ties, Syria and Israel.


Not something you hear every day from an Arab led government, let alone one made up of rebels who once had ties to Al-Qaeda. The shock waves from that statement are reverberating through the region For Moura. Hadil joins us now from Damascus. Hi Hadil. Hello. Okay, so tell us more about that meeting. What exactly did he say? Well, this is the governor of Damascus, Mahar Marwan. He's appointed by the leader of he or HTS Ahed Dera. So he's in his inner circle, really. One of Syria leading officials. Maran met us in a massive ornate room. He was very pleasant, wore a suit and tie. He only shook hands with the two male colleagues with me, and we had a wide ranging interview, almost an hour, but at the end, he raised the subject of Israel, which frankly surprised us.


You know, remember, Israel has been bombing Syria regularly since the regime fell, and it sees some of the golden heights. The governor started off by saying that it was quote, natural, that Israel felt some fear when HTS took power. And so it may have advanced a little or bombed a little. Marwan went on to say that Syria's problem was not with Israel, And that Syria couldn't be an opponent to Israel and wanted coexistence. Wan said, we don't want to medal in anything that would threaten Israel's security or the security of any other country. Syria has never recognized Israel as a state. So this statement's pretty remarkable. Does it indicate the new Syrian leaders plan a different approach with Israel?


Well, it was very obvious he wanted this message to be heard in the United States. You know, he set up in, he sat up in his chair, made sure we heard him carefully. He said he wanted the United States to use his its influence to help mediate this coexistence with Israel. A US official told NPR that the US had relayed the message to Israel, and in a statement to NPR, the Israeli foreign Ministry said that it rejected any overture from HTS and Layla, like you said, it was remarkable. For two reasons. First, Syria and Israel have been in a state of war since Israel's creation in 1948. They've never had diplomatic ties. And second, this is a message coming from a group designated a terrorist organization by the United States with former affiliation to Al-Qaeda. And what was the regional reaction?


I mean, well, first of all, the news got huge traction in the Middle East. Almost every Israeli and Arab media outlet picked it up. The parts of the interview I used in my radio piece of his voice were played all over Arabic social media. And then that's when the backlash began. Israel and many of its Arab neighbors, like you know, have been war at war for decades and talk of normalization and normalizing relations is controversial, especially after the war in Gaza, which has killed more than 45,000 Palestinians. So HDS discussing possible peace with Israel was shocking to many Arabs and in fact, unwelcome. And has there been blowback for the governor? First, the government itself distanced itself from wan and his comments with a statement saying that they it. They did not represent the views of the foreign ministry or of those of Shaar, which is contrary to what the governor told us.


And in the evening, he issued a video distancing himself from his comments to NPR, he said, I did not touch on the topic of peace with Israel, and it's not my right to do so. And yesterday evening in an interview with an Arabic TV news channel, HTS leader, Shara didn't address Israel directly, but said he didn't want Syria to become a source of political or regional unrest. NPRs Hadil, ALCI and Damascus. Thank you. You're welcome. South Korea has begun days of mourning. After one of the worst aviation disasters in the country's history, A plane's landing gear failed to deploy and it skidded off a runway and crashed into a wall of 181 people on board.


Only two emerged alive. NPRs Anthony Kuhn is at the scene of the disaster. Hey there, Anthony. Hey Steve. What Are you seeing? Well, I'm in the departures hall of the Moan International Airport in South Shawla Province, about 180 miles south of Seoul. And right in front of me, a rose of tents to shelter the passenger's families, the Red Cross church groups, volunteer groups are all here providing food and counseling. And now that all the people have been accounted for. And it's clear that there were only two survivors. The focus is on taking care of the bereaved and digging the facts out about how this crash happened. Yeah, which always takes a long time with aviation disasters.


What are you hearing from family members? Well, I dunno if You can hear it right now, but there are sobs, whales, anguished cries coming out from the tents. There's frustration at the waiting that people have to do. There's disbelief at official explanations. Just to give you an example, family members and officials have been meeting here throughout the day just discussing how to deal with the aftermath of the crash. And suddenly this morning, a middle aged man named Kim Yang Han started yelling in frustration, sounded like this. So Mr. Kim then explained to everybody that he had traveled, traveled with a group of 18 people to Thailand, and they returned to South Korea without him.


And he lost nine relatives, including three close family members. Let's hear him again. He said, when I parted with my family on the last day of the trip, I had no idea I would end up here outta the four in my family out of 18 in the group. I'm the only one that survived. Why? Why do I have to bear this burden of pain? Now, aviation officials have said that the pilot reported that the plane hit a bird and Mr. Kim was angry and upset because he just couldn't believe or accept that this would be enough to cause the crash. What else are you hearing from family members? Well, right now their first concern is reclaiming their family's members bodies.


At present, about 146 of the 179 victims have been identified. The problem is that only five of those bodies are relatively intact because of the force of the collision. Authorities say they have recovered over 600 body parts, and only after those parts are matched with the right bodies, will they be returned to their families. Amazing that two people survived. What information is available about the cause? Investigators are really busy looking at controlled tower tower data, taking black box data recorders back to Seoul. The country is gonna check all the Boeing 7, 3, 7, 800 airplanes. There's so many factors to be examined and it could take a long time.


And p's, Anthony Kuhn, thanks for your reporting from the scene. Really appreciate it. Thank you, Steve. And that's Upfirst for this Monday, December 30th. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Layla Fadden. For a fuller look at the late president Jimmy Carter's legacy, check out yesterday's special episode with Rachel Martin and Don Gnet on The Sunday Story from Upfirst. While Carter struggled to show he was a strong leader in office, he later became an almost unstoppable force for peacekeeping and humanitarian efforts. Take a listen as we consider the legacy of the man widely called America's greatest former President. The Sunday Story from Upfirst on the NPR app, or wherever you get your podcast.


Today's Upfirst was edited by Anna Yanoff, Andrew Sussman, Ryland Barton, Jan Johnson, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Katie Klein, Nia Dumas, and Julie Depenbrock. We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent and our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org. NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis.


Federal funding helps us us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect my public media.org. Public media counts on your support to ensure that the reporting and programs you depend on thrive. Make a recurring donation today to get special access to more than 20 NPR podcasts. Perks like sponsor free listening, bonus episodes, early access, and more. So start supporting what you love today@plus.npr.org.