
We get a picture today of employment, a snapshot slightly out of date. Future Job reports will reflect federal job cuts and employers who paused as US. Trade policy keeps changing. Where's the economy heading? I mean, Martinez. That's Steve Inskeep. And this is a first from NPR News. The president takes an opportunity today to promote cryptocurrency. Bitcoin Has set multiple all time record highs. 'cause everyone knows that I'm committed to making America the crypto capital we Want. Trump himself has invested in crypto, so how does he plan for the government to promote it? Also, why did Israel change its terms for extending a ceasefire in Gaza? With US Health Israelis are pressing Hamas to accept a different deal and withholding food and fuel.


Stay with us. We've got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from ICF working with government and industry on projects that create positive change in communities nationwide. Whether it's powering energy innovation, advancing health outcomes, or leveraging technology and AI for mission success. ICF works with clients to tackle their most complex challenges. Head on ICFs. Data-driven solutions are designed to deliver results faster and help organizations move forward with confidence. Let's build a more resilient world. Visit icf.com.


This message comes from The Nature Conservancy, working together to create a future with a livable climate, healthy communities, and thriving nature. Explore ways to act during Earth Month and every month at nature.org/npr.


This message is brought to you by NPR sponsor. Shopify is 2025, and a new year means new opportunities. Maybe you're thinking about starting your own business, but you have so many questions on how do I get started? Shopify's got you. Get your store up and running easily with thousands of customizable templates. No coding or design skills required. Just drag and drop. Go to shopify.com/npr, all lowercase to sign up for a $1 per month trial period.


Today, Employers added 151,000 jobs in February. That's according to today's Jobs Report from the Labor Department, and 151,000 is a fairly healthy number, although it does not reflect the economic turmoil of the past several weeks. This is a snapshot of the economy useful, but ever so slightly outta date. NPR Scott Horsley is here. Good morning, Scott. Good Morning, Steve. So what is Ian and what is out of this snapshot? Well, the monthly Jobs Report is always based on a survey that's taken around the middle of the month. And that timing is important here because a lot of the federal government job cuts began around the 14th of February of Friday, which some people are referred to as the St.


Valentine's Day massacre. Yeah. People who got their walking papers that Friday are still counted as employed in this February Jobs Report. The overall report actually shows somewhat more job growth in February than the month before when cold snowy weather was blanketing much of the country and keeping a lot of construction workers idle, for example. But even though the report looks pretty good on the surface, there are some warning signs out there. Okay. When you look below the surface, what are the warning signs that you see? Yeah, the outplacement firm, challenger Gray and Christmas keeps a running tally of layoff notices and its count for February shows the biggest job cuts since 2020, which is, you know, the early months of the pandemic. Hmm. Andrew Challenger says there were 172,000 layoffs announced last month, And that includes more than 62,000 in the federal government.


This is a really big number in terms of what we've ever recorded. The fact that we've reached that level so quickly this year is surprising to us and certainly something worth taking note of. Now, the official Jobs Report today shows just 10,000 federal jobs cut last month, which we know is a fraction of the real total. We also know that Trump administration is considering much more widespread layoffs as it seeks to radically downsize the federal workforce. Yeah. And it's numbers that couldn't affect the employment numbers in a measurable way. So what would that radical downsizing look like? The administration reportedly wants to cut tens of thousands of jobs, for example, from both the VA and the IRS.


The IRS already cut more than 6,000 workers last month. Eddie Walker represents some of those workers at an IRS office in Austin, Texas. Of course, there's a lot of crying. I'm looking at some of the emails and stuff. I've got like they're ripping apart my work family. I left a job of 13 years to come here and what do I get? How am I gonna survive? I'm a single mom. This is obviously painful for the affected workers. Some contexts important though there are about 2.4 million federal workers not counting the military and the post office, that's about one point a half percent of the overall US workforce. Oh, thanks for the reminder. The vast majority of people are working the state and local government or whatever, or in the private sector, of course.


So how is the private sector holding up? Yeah. Restaurants and bars cut about 27,000 jobs last month. Temporary services, cut jobs as well. There's been a lot of whiplash around the president's trade policy. I mean, just this week we saw tariffs imposed, then relaxed, then mostly suspended on Mexico and Canada. Andrew Challenger says a, a lot of private sector businesses are considering their own job cuts. There's just been this extra uncertainty that's entered into some industries around tariffs, around potential trade wars. We're seeing big announcements from very large Fortune 500 companies this month that are tuning down their growth forecasts for the next three or four years.


So it's just not an environment that encourages a lot of hiring. And p Scott Horsley, thanks. You're Welcome. When he was campaigning for office, the president promised to make the United States the crypto capital of the planet, and he's taken major steps this week when it comes to digital assets. Yeah. Last Night the president signed an executive order creating a strategic Bitcoin reserve. He's expected to speak about it at a summit. The White House is hosting today on cryptocurrency. NPR White House correspondent dea. Chevron has more on this. Good morning. Good morning. Would you just explain for me, I mean, I can understand why the US needs this strategic petroleum reserve.


If there's a shortage of petroleum, you'll let some out supply and demand keeps the price down. But why would Americans need a crypto reserve? Yeah. The argument the White House is making is that the US is losing money by selling the Bitcoin they already have seized from court proceedings. So Trump's cryptos are, David Sachs said on social media last night that the government has about 200,000 in Bitcoin, which is worth about $17 billion. And the idea is that the reserve will be a quote, digital Fort Knox, all of that Bitcoin just stays there. And that was a campaign promise from President Trump. But the idea of having a crypto reserve is pretty controversial, even among those in the crypto space.


Coming down to details like which cryptocurrencies do you keep in the reserve and why is the president picking some over others? So there's a lot of lingering Questions. Yeah. And of course it's a, it's a, it's an industry in which he's invested. So this is just one move the president is making. There's this summit coming today. What's, what's going on? Yeah. The White House hasn't shared a lot of details about who's attending today, who's gonna be speaking though. We do expect the president to make remarks, but I will say the big overarching thing that people are expecting from this summit is a pretty wide open question, which is, what are the rules when it comes to cryptocurrency? This is a space that involves trillions of dollars, so many players and a lot of opportunity, but also a lot of volatility and risk and bad actors.


So there's a desire here to build a regulatory framework. And a lot of folks in the crypto space see this summit as an opportunity to get the ball rolling on those discussions. Especially because there are a lot of conversations like this that they feel weren't happening under the Biden administration. Oh, well what was Biden doing then? The Biden administration focused on enforcement in trying to crack down on cryptocurrency rather than coming up with the new rules of the road to help the industry and help consumers. Trump's approach so far has been to undo that in the last few weeks. His administration has backed away from a lot of the lawsuits and investigations that the SEC, which is the Securities and Exchange Commission had been doing on crypto businesses.


I talked to Campbell Harvey, he's a finance professor at Duke University about the change in approach to crypto. Over the past four years at least, the regulatory complex has been very combative, almost in a warlike situation against the innovators in this space. So it's time to step back and to look at the possible benefits of this new technology and weigh them against the costs. And he says the summit happening today is important because it's a first step in making a framework for cryptocurrency that balances that innovation with protection for consumers.


I'm just thinking though, when the government changes the rules, there are winners, there are losers. You may be picking winners and losers and doesn't the president himself have a financial stake here? Correct. That's very important to point out. Trump was seen as a very crypto friendly presidential candidate. He received a lot of financial support from people in the crypto industry who also invested in down ballot races. And during the campaign, Trump also rolled out his own crypto venture called World Liberty Financial. That's run by Trump's kids, but he has a sizable financial stake in it. And right before inauguration Trump and First Lady Melania Trump rolled out their own meme coins. That's a kind of cryptocurrency that the SEC recently said is not subject to oversight, which has raised questions about conflicts of interest.


NPRs Deepa Chiro, who so far as we know, has not yet released the Deepa coin, but we'll look forward to that. Stay tuned. Alright. Thanks so much. Thank you very much. Thank you. President Trump says his own threats forced a ceasefire in the war in Gaza. But that was six weeks ago, And that phase of the ceasefire deal ended with no agreement between Israel and Hamas on what comes next. Now, this week the president issued what he called the last warning to Hamas after meeting with former Israeli hostages. NPR international correspondent Troi joins us now from Dubai to explain.


Hi there. Hey Steve. I'm just trying to think this through. There was a ceasefire that lasted six weeks. Hamas released some hostages in exchange for Israel, freeing some Palestinians. But why haven't they agreed to the second phase yet? Well, Israeli prime Minister, Benjamin Inya, he never actually sent negotiators to hammer out the details of a second phase. And he wants a different deal now that does not permanently end the war, but freeze more hostages taken in the Hamas attack on Israel in 2023. So instead of proceeding with the original deal, Trump Smits Envoy, Steve Whitcoff, came up with a different plan in recent days that gives Netanyahu what he wants. And to pressure Hamas into this new deal. Israel's blocked all food, fuel and aid into Gaza for six days Now.


Now, countries around the world, eight organizations in several Israeli rights groups say this violates international humanitarian law. So how again, is, is this plan, this proposal from the Israelis and from the United States, different from what was expected? So the main difference is the original deal agreed to would've ended the war. Now basically an agreement to lasting truce and then all remaining Israeli hostages still alive would be freed over the next six weeks. And Israeli troops would withdraw from Gaza and more Palestinian prisoners would be freed. In contrast, the Woff plan would have Haes release, half the remaining hostages still held in Gaza. Now with only the promise to negotiate a lasting end to the war after six weeks, HAES has not agreed to that. And Netanyahu may decide not to end the war because of pressure from his far right coalition.


He's in a bind because he has vowed to return all the hostages and eliminate haes. But a return to war doesn't guarantee either. Okay. So we're maybe at this moment not getting closer to a permanent end to the war, but people still talk about what that's supposed to look like. What are some of the visions on the table? Okay, so you may have heard Trump's idea that everyone in Gaza is going to be displaced to other countries like Egypt and Jordan. And then the US takes over the Gaza Strip somehow turning it into a world class real estate development without Palestinians who live there now. Now Israel's government has embraced this plan and is drafting up ways to implement it. But Egypt has been clear it will not be a part of Trump's plan to permanently expel Palestinians off the land. And Egypt says the plan is destabilizing to the region and would unravel its decades old peace treaty with Israel.


Hmm. So instead, Egypt drew up a detailed reconstruction plan for Gaza of its own, and it got the backing of all Arab states at a summit in Cairo this week. They also all rejected any displacement of Palestinians. So Israel and the US immediately criticized this lengthy Egyptian plan. But then Steve Witkoff said this yesterday, I just finished reading it. There's a lot of compelling features to it. We need more discussion about it and, but it's a good faith first step from the Egyptians. Hmm. So Steve, the plan doesn't address every single concern that Israel or, you know, Gulf Arab states like Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have about, you know, what would come next and they'll be needed to help fund the reconstruction, but it would exclude Jimes from any governance.


And Jimes says they agree to that. Oh, interesting. Aa, thanks so much. Thank you Steve. The NPR correspondent. I have a trolley in Dubai, and that's Upfirst for this Friday, March 7th. I'm Steve Inskeep And a Martinez. Now, one of the impending legal battles for the Trump administration is over birthright citizenship for people born in the US whose parents are here without legal status. Now at the center is a question that's centuries old, who is truly American, and who gets to decide. This weekend on The Sunday Story from Upfirst, we hear the origins of this question through an 1898 court case that would transform the life of one Chinese immigrant and generations to follow.


That's this Sunday right here in the Upfirst podcast feed. Today's Upfirst was edited by Raphael Nam, Roberta Rampton, Russell Lewis, Alice Wolfley, and Muhammad Al Bari. It was produced by Ziyad bch, Nia Demas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Nisha Highness. Our technical director is Carly Strange, and let me give you one more name. Jay Shaer is the new executive producer of this program. Welcome Jay. Join us Monday. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus npr.org.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes car selling easy. Just put in your license plate or VIN and get a real offer in seconds. Whether selling now or whenever feels right, sell with Carvana.


This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, You can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.