
Hey, A, are you there? Yeah. What's happening? Nothing. I was Where'd you go? Greenland. I went to Turks and Caicos. Oh, it was fun. It was beautiful. Was it really hard to work when I wasn't there? Did you miss me so much? I didn't. I decided not to work until you got back. This is my first Day back. Oh, Jordan's king. Abdullah is in the US to meet President Trump, But it may be a tense meeting. The king, like most of the world's leaders, has rejected Trump's calls for the more than 2 million Palestinians in Gaza to be displaced to Jordan and Egypt. I'm Martinez. That's Lela Faddle. And this is Upfirst from NPR News.


President Trump imposed New Tariffs on imports of global metals. Economists say that's good for American steel and aluminum companies, but not so good for other industries. You Lose jobs, the manufacturing sector when you put together the higher costs of input and the retaliation, which is sure to come. So what's the President's game plan And the federal corruption case against New York City? Mayor Eric Adams may be dismissed. The Justice Department ordered prosecutors to drop the charges. We've got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel. It is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Once you've reached your audience, Shopify has the Internet's best converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers. Go to shopify.com/ NPR to take your business to the next level today.


President Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah, our meeting today at the White House. Jordan is one of the closest US allies in the Middle East, but today's meeting is expected to be, well, a little awkward to say the least. Trump has floated pushing Palestinians from Gaza into Jordan and Egypt. That's a plan rejected by both countries and the Palestinians to Discuss what to expect today. And P'S. Jane Araf joins us from Jordan's Capital. I'm men. Hi Jane. Hi, Lila. So what do you think the tone of this meeting will be after Trump has repeatedly said he wants the Palestinians out of Gaza and wants to own it? Yeah, I would expect tens, And that's probably an understatement.


It's hard to put a, a good face on this. That's because as you noted, Jordan is a key ally and without any consultation, according to Jordanians and White House officials, Trump floated that plan Last week during a meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, for the US to take over Gaza and forcibly push 2 million Palestinians to Egypt and Jordan Monday night, Trump doubled down threatening Jordan if it didn't accept the plan. If They don't agree, I would. I would conceivably withhold it. Yeah. So Jordan is a small country with a large number of refugees and it relies on foreign aid.


But this plan is one of those rare ones that has united citizens and the country's leaders in opposition to it. And what is the king likely to say? Well, I spoke with Marwan washer, the foreign foreign minister of Jordan. Now with the Carnegie Endowment think tank. He says, this is going to be one of the toughest meetings the king has faced. Let's listen. The meeting is not going to be an easy one because there is no amount of pressure in my view, that the United States can exert, that Jordan can exceed to. This is an existential issue to Jordan. And by that he means that creating an alternative Palestinian homeland here means that Jordan would essentially cease to exist as a country.


In many ways, the majority of its citizens are already descendants of Palestinian refugees. So this is something that Jordan doesn't believe it could or ever would agree to, no matter what the cost. Now, as you point out, Jordan has rejected this plan, but what has the government officially said so far? Well, the Jordanian foreign minister, I SDI has quite clearly said that expulsion of Palestinians here would be a breach of its historic peace treaty with Israel and therefore seen as a declaration of war. Now, despite that, Trump keeps insisting Jordan and Egypt will succumb to US pressure, and the US has leverage in the form of aid.


Does Jordan have leverage? I asked Moher, who's also a former senior official at the World Bank about that. Here's what he said. Jordan gets 1.5, $1.6 billion from the United States each year. Any loss of that assistance is going to produce economic difficulty for Jordan. This is not to say also that cutting off aid to Jordan is not that easy. So he points out that Congress would be quite resistant to this because it's a friend. Many of Congress people are friends of Jordan. If the US cut aid, would other countries step up? Well, there is one key friend, Saudi Arabia and its rulers have made clear that they will not accept this plan.


So in the end, that could be what stops it. And p Jane off and Ahman. Thank you. Thank you. President Donald Trump has announced more tariffs this time on steel and aluminum Signing the order for the tariffs last night. Trump emphasized the sweeping nature of his new taxes on imports. It's 25% without exceptions or exemptions, and that's all countries, no matter where it comes from, all countries. NPR White House correspondent Daniel Kurt Labban is here to explain what's going on. Good morning, Danielle. Good morning. So What are these tariffs and how do they compare to what Trump imposed in his first term?


Well, American importers will now be paying a 25% tax on steel and aluminum. And that makes these tariffs a lot like some you might remember him imposing during his first term. Except this time the aluminum rate is higher. It was 10% back then. In doing this, the administration has stressed. They're trying to use these tariffs to stick it to China, which is the world's biggest steel exporter. Now, the US doesn't actually get much steel or aluminum directly from China, but the White House argues that Chinese steel makes it into the US by being sold through other countries. So you point out that China doesn't export much steel or aluminum to the us. What countries do export all that steel and aluminum?


Well, The US gets by far the most of its aluminum imports from Canada, according to data compiled by Reuters and on Steel Canada is also first, and there are other allies on that list like Mexico and South Korea. You might notice that in all those countries I mentioned Canada and Mexico feature prominently. Trump had recently threatened tariffs on them and then paused 'em at the last minute. Well, with this new announcement, he's putting tariffs on those two countries anyway, just not on all of their goods. And that gets to one really important thing about these tariffs. There are no exceptions to these, and that's different from Trump's tariffs last time around. It's also different from how Biden treated tariffs. Both of them had carve outs on tariffs for some allies, but not now.


I Think the big question for so many Americans are what are these tariffs going to mean for the US economy and for them? Well, In the near term, this should be good for American steel and aluminum companies because tariffs raise the price of steel and aluminum and they protect against some foreign competition. And markets seem to think. So yesterday, shares of Alcoa and American Aluminum company and US Steel were both up. But that doesn't mean this is great for the rest of the economy. I talked to Gary Hoffbauer, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. He told me that industries that use those metals like aircraft and auto manufacturing, also bridge construction, those could lose jobs.


You lose jobs in the manufacturing sector when you put together the higher cost of inputs and the retaliation, which is sure to come like Knight follow's day. He's saying there that not only would prices be higher for steel and aluminum, but other countries are likely to hit back and tariff American exports, which will hurt these companies. Now, the president has talked about imposing still more tariffs this week. What has he said? Well, It's unclear, but he is dribbled out a bit of information. Okay. He has said he'll be announcing what he calls reciprocal tariffs. The idea there seems to be that whatever tariff a foreign country has put on a US good, he wants to impose it back in return. He also said yesterday that he'll be considering tariffs on cars, pharmaceuticals, semiconductors.


But it was unclear whether those are separate from the reciprocal tariffs. And this is one constant feature of how Trump does tariff policy. There's often not an orderly rollout. We really just don't know what's coming until he says it. NPR is Danielle Kurtz. Laben. Thank you for your reporting. Yeah, thank you. President Trump's Justice Department is ordering prosecutors to drop the case against the Democratic mayor of the nation's largest city, New York City Mayor Eric Adams was indicted last year on corruption charges with a trial scheduled for April. He's also of for reelection this year.


Adams has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing. Joining me now with the latest is Bridget Bergen. She's a senior politics reporter at Member Station WNYC in New York. Good morning, Bridget. Good morning. Okay, so for those who haven't been following this closely, just lay out the charges the mayor was facing. Yeah, he was charged in September in a five count criminal indictment. Prosecutors alleged that Adams accepted about a hundred thousand dollars in luxury travel perks, as well as illegal foreign campaign contributions from people connected to the Turkish government in exchange for official acts from City Hall. Adams, as you said, has pleaded not guilty to those charges and has been really pretty vocal about calling the case politically motivated without really any evidence.


He says it was payback for speaking out against the Biden administration's handling of the migrant crisis. And since President Trump's election, he's been very careful not to criticize him. He visited him at Mar-a-Lago, attended the inauguration. Adams even held a meeting yesterday with heads of city agencies according to sources at the meeting who spoke on condition of anonymity. Because they were not authorized to speak on behalf of the administration, they were also told not to publicly criticize President Trump. So Why does the Justice Department say this case should be dropped? So they sent a memo to federal prosecutors outlining two very specific reasons. First, it says the charges were filed too close to the mayor's reelection, and the second reason relates to the Trump administration's ongoing immigration enforcement actions.


The memo states that the pending prosecution has unduly restricted the mayor's ability to devote his full attention to illegal immigration and really his ability to support the Trump administration's efforts. The memo also seeks to have the mayor's security clearance restored and says that no further steps should be taken as it relates to the investigation, at least for now. And what is the mayor saying? So there was a post on the social media platform X last night. It was from a Fox News reporter who actually caught up with the mayor who was out at a restaurant. Adams has said, you know, he's speaking with his attorney, still looking at what's happening at normally on Tuesdays. He holds a weekly off topic press conference, but instead he's scheduled to deliver an address today at noon that's going to stream online.


So at this point, there's not gonna be any chance for reporters to really ask him about any questions about whatever it is he announces. Hmm. So at this point, does this all mean that Adam's legal troubles are over? Well, not quite yet. Le now the acting US attorney of the Southern District will need to decide whether to follow the direction in that memo and the judge overseeing the case would need to decide on whether to sign off on dropping the charges. You know, those actions could set up another set of repercussions in this office that's really known for taking on these high profile corruption cases we haven't heard from the Southern District yet. It's also worth noting that the memo explicitly says the charges will be dropped without prejudice, which means they could potentially be brought.


Again, the memo states the case should be reviewed after the general election in November As WNYC, senior Politics Reporter Bridget Bergen. Thank you, Bridget. Thank you. And that's the first for Tuesday, February 11th. I'm Layla FD And it may Martinez. Remember, You Can listen to this podcast sponsor free while financially supporting public media with upfirst Plus. Learn more at plus dot NPR dot org. That's p us dot NPR dot org. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Nha Deia, Roberta Rampton, Jerry Holmes, Jana Williams, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziyad bch, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas.


We get engineering support from David Greenburg and our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect my public media.org. Public media counts on your support to ensure that the reporting and programs you depend on thrive. Make a recurring donation today to get special access to more than 20 NPR podcasts. Perks like sponsor free listening, bonus episodes, early access, and more. So start supporting what you love today@plus.npr.org.