
Among Trump's latest moves, the Justice Department says it's fired over a dozen officials. I have never seen this sort of effort to just sweep out experienced people. All of them were involved in prosecuting President Trump. I Mean Martinez, that's Layla Faddle, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Also, the Trump administration is ending programs that granted legal status to nearly one and a half million immigrants in the us. These things were originally designed to allow people to have protection, temporary protection, and instead they'd just become backdoor immigration programs. They were granted asylum after fleeing violence and disasters in their home country. So what happens to them now? And a Chinese AI chat bot is free and getting more popular than chat GPT.


It's got the attention of the tech world and Wall Street. Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your


day. This message comes from Comedy Central's, the Daily Show. John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are kicking off 2025 with brand new episodes covering a brand new administration and a not quite brand new president. While it may feel like history is repeating itself, it's never been covered like this with John Stewart behind the desk kicking off every week. Comedy Central's the Daily Show, new weeknights at 11 on Comedy Central and streaming next day on Paramount Plus,


this message comes from NPR Sponsor One Password, secure access to your online world. From emails to banking so You can protect what matters most with one password. For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/ NPR.


This message comes from Doctors Without Borders. Over 80% of their staff are from the countries they work in, support their local teams and make a global impact. Learn how to donate@doctorswithoutborders.org slash npr.


President Trump and his administration continue to flood the zone with executive actions and department changes. Just yesterday, dozens of senior officials in the USAID and Development Agency were put on leave the White House budget office paused grants, loans, and other federal assistance. Trump also signed for executive orders that include a move that would push openly transgender folks outta the military, and another ordering the Pentagon to build a missile defense system. Right, And there's one more. The Acting Attorney General Purge Department of Justice officials involved in investigating Trump. We're gonna hone in on that purge and what it means with NPR Justice correspondent Carrie Johnson. Good morning, Carrie. Good morning, Malila. So what do we know about these firings, At least a dozen people who work with special counsel?


Jack Smith got dismissal notices. That's according to 2D OJ officials. Acting Attorney General James McHenry wrote the letters. He said he did not believe these officials could be trusted to faithfully implement the president's agenda because of their significant role in prosecuting the president. Remember, Jack Smith brought two criminal cases against Donald Trump over January 6th and over classified documents at Mar-a-Lago. Prosecutors moved to dismiss both cases after Trump won the election, and this purge is a big deal. One long time lawyer told me he couldn't think of a time in modern DOJ history where a whole slew of prosecutors who worked on a particular case were dismissed. Of course, Donald Trump had promised to fire Jack Smith too, but Smith resigned before the inauguration.


Okay, on the campaign trail, Trump did talk about retribution and getting at back at the people who investigated him. Is this Trump fulfilling that promise? Well, you know, federal judges approved search warrants and other actions. DOJ took in its two cases against Trump. Grand jury signed off on them. So prosecutors say it's not as if these lawyers were acting without checks and balances, but clearly President Trump does not see it that way. He signed an executive order last week, designed to root out what he calls weaponization of the government. And the Supreme Court last year made clear that presidents have a lot of control over federal law enforcement. Now Donald Trump is using it. So What happens now to these prosecutors who worked with Jack Smith, Many of them are career civil servants who have job protection, so they could protest and eventually sue to challenge their firings, get back, pay, get their jobs back.


But that could take a long time and could be very expensive for taxpayers who would wind up footing the bill if these fired officials win in court. That's exactly what happened with Andy McCabe, the deputy FBI Director Trump's administration fired in his first term in office, And you've got some more news about changes inside the Justice Department. What else is happening? I'm hearing some of the most senior civil servants have been reassigned in recent days to work on a sanctuary city task force. The thinking is that's designed to get those people to quit. Yesterday, one of them did. The man who ran the Public Integrity Unit, lawyers who handle the environment, civil rights, national security, they've all been reassigned to. Mary McCord worked in the Justice Department for nearly 25 years.


She teaches at Georgetown University. Now, I have never seen this sort of effort to just sweep out all of the experienced people, the people who have the institutional memory. They have expertise built up over decades. They have all of the necessary connections with law enforcement, the intelligence community, other federal agencies. McCourt says it seems like these people are being fired or reassigned because of fear. They will not be loyal to Trump. She says that makes it easier for a president to misuse the Justice Department for his own retribution. NPRs Carrie Johnson, thank you for this reporting, Carrie, My pleasure.


The future is unclear for more than 1.4 million immigrants in the US legally under several Biden era programs. Yeah, Many had to flee their homes due to violence and conflict. And because it was too dangerous for migrants to go back, they were granted temporary legal status in the us. President Trump has now ended the programs and empowered immigration officials to quickly deport these asylum seekers For more npr, Sarillo Martinez Beltran joins me. Good morning. Good morning, Layla. So one of the programs is called Humanitarian Parole. Tell us how it worked and who is in this country because of it. Yeah, so this one program is known as the CHNV parole, and it was specifically for people from Cuba, Haiti, Nicaragua, and Venezuela.


People from those countries were allowed to come into the US as long as they had a sponsor and passed a background check. Now, most if not all of these people are fleeing violence like Reginald Daniel and his son Tristan. They left Haiti about a year ago after gang violence became unbearable Back then, I got shot. You know, I got shot in my forehead and they trieds kidnapped my sons before Daniel's sister is sponsoring them. She tells me that parole was a saving grace sent by God for her family and says she's praying for the program to continue. But President Trump has canceled all parole programs, Right? Like the CBP one app, which we've heard about before on this program. Another way people could claim asylum and enter the country legally.


Tell us about that. Yeah, the CBP one app allowed asylum seekers to schedule an appointment, a report of entry along the US Mexico border. The Department of Homeland Security says more than 936,000 people were legally allowed in the country this way since 2023. Now, some in the Trump administration say that these Biden era parole programs were being abused. I talked to Dan Stein, he's the president of the Federation for American Immigration Reform and supports Trump's changes. These things were originally designed to allow people to have protection, temporary protection to work maybe for positive political change back home until it was safe to go back and instead they'd just become backdoor immigration programs.


I mean, what happens though to these people now? Will they all get deported? You know, Layla, there's a lot of uncertainty and fear. Trump has empowered immigration officers to quickly remove those who came via the parole programs. He's expanded what is known as expedited removal, which was originally only applied to migrants who had recently crossed the border. But the Trump administration has already moved to expanded dramatically, allowing immigration authorities to bypass parts of regular immigration law and speed up deportations. But you know, it's one thing to issue an order. It's a lot more complicated to actually deport people, and it's unclear how that will happen. Sahe Trump has issued several other immigration actions that aren't related to asylum.


What are they? I mean, you've probably seen on social media, TV, or you know, have heard here on NPR that Trump has increased the number of immigration roundups across the country. Yeah, according to Homeland Security yesterday, there were more than 1100 arrests. The federal government has said they're going after migrants who are in the country illegally and and have a criminal record. But there have been reports of arrests of immigrants who have not committed a crime. We've also heard of people who are either citizens or legal residents and have been caught up in these raid that were released. But that has caused concerns. Trump believe that has also moved to end birthright citizenship, but a court has blocked it from going into effect, and this is just one of multiple lawsuits challenging Trump's immigration actions. That's NPRs Sagio Martinez.


Beltran. Thank you, Sagio. You're welcome. Tech stocks have plummeted around the world over the past day as Investors Digest reports that a Chinese company developed a competitive AI model on the cheap. The Company is called Deep Seek, and it even caught President Trump's eye. The release of deep seek AI from a Chinese company should be a wake up call for our industries that we need to be laser focused on competing to win. I'm Pierre's, John Ruic is on the line now from China to help make sense of how big a deal this actually is.


Hey John. Hi there. So first of all, tell us about this company that many people including me just heard of now. Yeah. Deeps Seek is a spinoff from a Chinese hedge fund. It was established just two years ago in 2023, and it's based in the eastern city of Hong Jo, which is sort of a tech hub here in China. And in a nutshell, what they did was hire a bunch of top-notch engineers and develop new algorithms, basically more efficient ways of training and running artificial intelligence with less computational power. And what's the significance of that? Well, the product is said to rival tools from competitors like OpenAI and Google in terms of what can, what it can do. Things like analyzing data and solving complex problems.


It's impressed a lot of people, it rattled markets. And what rattled the markets is the narrative, which comes with some caveats that deeps seek basically did it all cheaper, quicker, and with less powerful microprocessors than its big competitors. Okay. So tell us more about those caveats. Sure. The first one is around cost. Deeps seek says that it's spent under $6 million to make this thing that's tiny relative to the hundreds of millions of dollars that others are investing, even billions. But analysts say that that low figure is easy to misinterpret because it doesn't include, for instance, the cost of developing various versions from which this latest version was distilled. Okay. So we really don't, we don't know what the total development cost was, how inexpensive it was.


The second caveat has to do with the hardware has to do with the chips that are critical to developing ai. Okay. Tell us more about that. The Biden administration banned the best AI microprocessors from being sold to China. Were they able to get around it? It's tricky. You know, the chips that really matter for AI are made by Nvidia, which by the way, took a massive tumble on the stock market. After the deep seek news back in 2022. Nvidia were told they couldn't sell their best product to China. Of course, some of those were already, those chips were already there. Some may have leaked in, but they made a slightly downgraded version at the time that they could sell to China. Legally. That's what Deep Seek says. It used to train its latest model. The Biden administration subsequently decided that those chips were actually too powerful.


They banned those ones from being sold to China too. That was in 2023 a year had passed. The horse was sort of out of the barn. Here's Gregory Allen, the director of the Wadhwani AI Center at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. We are currently living through the era of the lagging impact of the Biden Administration's misfire in that first batch of AI export controls. So a says that ERA will end Chinese companies like Deeps Seq will run out of those near cutting edge chips pretty soon or sooner or later, they can't buy new ones because of the export ban. China doesn't have the capability to make anything like them. So yes, they did something pathbreaking here, but China faces a potential worsening computation constraint on the horizon.


That's NPR r's John Ruic in China. Thank you, John. You Bet. And that's Upfirst for Tuesday, January 28th. I'm Layla Fadden And I'm a Martinez. Remember, You can listen to this podcast sponsor free while supporting public media with upfirst Plus. Learn more at plus dot npr.org. That's ppl us.npr.org. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Eric Westervelt, Anna ov, Kevin Drew, Jana Williams and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziyad Bch Dumas and CLA Maima. We get engineering support from Arthur Lauren and our technical director is Zach Coleman. See you tomorrow.


They're not gonna see me. Listen to us tomorrow. Wow. That's some like a Martinez level cynicism right


there. This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management, and advice When you need it, You can also invest on your own and trade on, think or swim. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more


Support for NPR and the following message come from Washington Wise. Decisions made in Washington can affect your portfolio every day. Washington Wise from Charles Schwab is an original podcast that unpacks the stories making news and how they may affect your finances and portfolio. Host Mike Townsend and his guests explore policy initiatives for retirement, savings, taxes, trade, and more. Download the latest episode and follow At Schwab dot com slash Washington wise, or wherever you listen.