
Calls for President Biden to step aside and put Vice President Kamala Harris in the spotlight. She says she's firmly in support of the President, but can the Biden campaign refocus the race on Trump? I mean Martinez? That's Sasha Pfeiffer. And this is Up First from NPR News. Project 2025 is hundreds of pages of plans for a new conservative government written by the Heritage Foundation. How much does it overlap. With, the official GLP party platform. And hurricane barrels swept through Houston and left down power lines and damaged buildings. During a crisis. It exposes the city's lack of maintenance and infrastructure and city services.


Nearly a million people are still without power. stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like The power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


The Republican National Convention is happening this week and the NPR Politics Podcast takes you there. We're on the ground in Milwaukee with analysis, recaps, and coverage of what happens every night of the RNC. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast.


Here at Shortwave Space Camp, we escape our everyday lives to explore the mysteries and quirks of the universe. We find weird, fun, interesting stories that explain how the cosmos is partying all around us from stars to dwarf planets, to black holes and beyond. We've got you. Listen now to the Shortwave podcast from NPR.


Questions about President Biden's age and health are not going away. Last night, the first Democratic senator called on Biden to withdraw from the race, Senator Peter Welch of Vermont. A Democratic stronghold says voters cannot unsee President Biden's disastrous debate performance. Welch says there's a promising bench of younger democratic leaders who can step in. One of them he says, is Vice President Kamala Harris. He called her quote, a capable proven leader. It's the latest example of how all this attention on Biden is also putting his vice president under fresh scrutiny. NPRs Asma Kha joins us now to tell more. Hi Asma. Hi. Good morning. Biden keeps insisting that he's staying in the race, but that is not stopping calls for him to reconsider.


So what is Harris saying about these suggestions that she take over at the top of the ticket? Well, she has not been entertaining any of this speculation. She has said he Biden is the candidate, period. And Harris, you know, really in this moment is one of the few people who can be a validator for Biden, and that's what she's been trying to do. I see Joe Biden when the cameras are on and when the cameras are off in the Oval Office negotiating bipartisan deals. And you know, Sasha out on the campaign trail, she has been defending Biden trying to refocus this race on Trump. This is clearly putting the Democratic party in turmoil. Now how are the Republicans taking advantage of that?


Well, the vice President has long been a lightning rod for Republicans. They have suggested she's incompetent and mocks the way she talks and laughs. But I will say the attacks seem to really have been escalating since Biden stumbled in the debate recently, the Trump campaign has put out an ad warning that a vote for Biden is really a vote for Harris. And this week at a rally in Florida, Trump took aim at both Biden and Harris. The radical left Democrat party is divided in chaos and having a full scale breakdown all because they can't decide which of their candidates is more unfit to be President, sleepy, crooked, Joe Biden or laughing Kamala.


And you know, he did mispronounce the vice president's name there. But whether it is pronounced correctly or not, you can expect next week at the Republican Convention, Trump will likely have more to say about Kamala Harris Asma. You have been covering Harris, the vice president closely for the past few years. What would be your sort of summary or or overview of how she has done on the job? Well, she went from being a star in the Senate to this rule where you have to be number two. And by definition you sort of have to be in the background a bit. She struggled at first to find her footing specifically on an assignment to try to deter migrants from coming to the southern border. And she, like Joe Biden has had low approval ratings. I will say a major turning point though for Harris was the Supreme Court's abortion ruling in 2022.


Abortion is an issue Harris can speak to with ease and passion. Democrats see it as one of the most important policies that could help them win, and Harris has been their main messenger. Take a listen to mini Tim Raju. She leads the group reproductive freedom for all. She is leading on the number one persuasion issue in this country. Reproductive freedom. She's not just the top spokesperson, she's been the person leading strategy. And a big part of that strategy is to directly link Trump to the overturning of Roe versus Wade, which limited abortion access in the country And NPIs as Mahad. Thank you. You're Welcome.


Former president Donald Trump wants to distance himself from Project 2025. That's the controversial playbook for a new conservative government drawn up by the Heritage Foundation. Trump wrote on his social media website that he knows nothing about the project and that he thinks they're proposing ridiculous things. Meanwhile the Biden campaign is doing everything it can to tie Trump and Project 2025 together. NPRs Franco Ores has been covering the Trump campaign. He joins us now in the studio. Hi Franco. Hey Sasha. What should we know about Project 2025? I mean, the heart of it is a 900 page pro-Trump guidebook that outlines how to expand his presidential powers. It details plans to gut the civil service, or as Trump says, demolish the deep state and reshape the American government with more loyal federal workers.


It's also a way for Trump to kind of not repeat some of the mistakes made during the early days of his first administration when he didn't have the plans, the personnel or infrastructure ready to stand up a new government. After his inauguration, I spoke with Ryan Williams, who worked for MIT Romney on his 2012 presidential campaign. He put it this way, we Had professional leaders who had served in cabinet positions involved in our transition that didn't happen with Trump, and his transition was plagued by infighting. But you know, he is distancing himself. Trump that is, especially after the head of Heritage made comments that raised some eyebrows about a second American revolution and warning it could remain bloodless. This is a quote, remain bloodless if the left allows it.


Yet, as we said earlier, Trump said he knows nothing. That's his word, nothing about Project 2025, but there is some overlap with this and his agenda. Yes, there is. I mean, this is not Trump's plan, but it is a plan for Trump in many ways. What it does is take some of Trump's biggest policy goals and kind of outlines a legal pathway to execute them, such as on overhauling the federal workforce. It also offers guidance on Trump's proposed mass deportations of millions of undocumented immigrants. And there are some tive, of course, on abortion, for example, project 2025 goes much further on restrictions than Trump has said he would go. But another important point, Saja, is that the people in involved, and many of those are allies, loyalists, and they worked in the past administration project 2025, could present an opportunity for the Biden campaign, especially at a time where the campaign is in its own turmoil.


What, what's the campaign dealing? How is it approaching it? Yeah, I mean, it's kind of been one of the few slivers of good political news for Biden and what's been really a tough two weeks after his bad debate. I mean, the campaign also got some help from actress Tara Raji p Henson, who warned about Project 2025 on stage when she hosted the BET awards. You know, the campaign is blasting messages about it. It launched ads and he even created a website tying Trump to Project 2025. What is the Trump campaign saying about that? Well, they're pushing back and they're pushing back hard. I mean, I spoke with senior advisor Danielle Alvarez, who said the campaign has been saying for months that these outside groups do not speak for them.


She accuses Biden of trying to distract from questions about his mental acuity and whether he'll even stay in the race. And so Democrats are desperate and they're throwing a Hail Mary attempting to talk about outside groups as though they're President Trump's policy positions. She's stressed that the campaign has its own policy proposals, agenda 47 and the Republican platform, which is all true. but it is also true that those involved in Project 2025 are very much intertwined with Trump world. And some of them are likely to be back helping Trump again should he return to office. That's NPRs Franco Ordonius. Thank You. Thank you.


Residents of Houston, Texas are trying to recover. After Hurricane Barrel tore through the city, it Knocked out electricity to more than two million homes and businesses and caused widespread damage. That's all. While the region continues to bake under blistering heat and the storm killed at least nine people and injured many more. Lucio Vasquez with Houston, public media has been right in the thick of it all. Lucio, what have you been seeing out there? Yeah, well, I've been out in the last few days and I can tell you I've seen a lot of fallen trees, downed power lines, structural damage to a lot of buildings, and it's also incredibly hot right now. And a lack of electricity means lots of people don't have AC Nearly. a million people are still without power at the moment.


This comes about two months after another deadly storm battered the Houston area and left a million people in the dark. A lot of folks were still recovering from that previous storm when barrel came through, unfortunately. Okay. Now you've been speaking to residents in Houston. What are you hearing from them? I've been hearing a lot of frustration, most of which specifically directed at the city's main utility company, CenterPoint Energy. Many residents have questioned why so many people lost power and why it's taking so long for the power to be restored. Spoke with a woman named Ernestine Sykes yesterday. She was charging her phone inside of a community center packed with people going through the same thing she was, her power had been out since Monday morning and yesterday was her second day at this community center.


So she was pretty frustrated by the ordeal. And they say, oh, we are so sorry for the inconvenience. Well, if you're sorry, do something about it. Don't let it keep happening. It's happening too often. And that's what I wanna say to 'em. They need, if they're sorry, do something about it. Don't apologize to me no more. And again, this level of frustration has been a through line in many conversations I've had with people over these last few days. Yeah. Aside from powering cell phones, I mean medications that need to be cold aren't being kept cold because of a lack of power. Now, what's the overall emergency response been like there? Well, at the local level, we've seen a lot of cooling centers and distribution sites open up across the city and county.


At the federal level, president Biden approved a major disaster declaration that'll unlock federal resources for the region. But here in Houston at the moment, there's stress in Houston's hospital system. It's currently overwhelmed authorities of getting a lot of calls for carbon monoxide poisonings. People are using generators inside their homes, and there's other storm related injuries as well, like cuts and bruises. Houston Mayor John Whitmeyer admits the city needs to do better During a crisis. It exposes the city's lack of maintenance and infrastructure and city services. We're gonna correct that going forward. It's worth noting. CenterPoint says their new standard is to place power lines underground, but most of Houston's lines are still above ground.


So to achieve that new standard will take time and likely cost the city a lot of money. Okay. Short term though, any indication as to when the power might be fully restored? You know, that's a, that's a great question and it's a question that I think is on everyone's mind right now, right? I mean, CenterPoint has released a map showing the areas that are currently being assessed and which areas are still in need of repair. Missing though is when the power will be restored. The company's crews have been working to get the lights back on since Monday afternoon of the 2 million. That lost power about half are still in the dark Really quick. Lucia, I mean, you're reporting from Houston, but you're there. How are you holding up? You know, I've been better. You know, I will say my power got back earlier than most and I'm very thankful.


But it's been a bit of a whirlwind here in the newsroom and I'm feeling for a lot of my colleagues who are still probably in the dark as we're speaking right now. Well, thank you for your reporting. That's reporter Lucio Vazquez with Houston Public Media. Thanks. Thank you. And that's Up First for Thursday, July 11th. I'm m Sasha Pfeiffer And I'm a Martinez. How about listening to consider this from NPR? So we hear it, Up First give you the three big stories of the day are consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single news story and what it means to you in about 15 minutes. So listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get those podcasts. Today's episode of Up First was edited by Roberta Rampton, Megan Pratz, Eric Westervelt, Jana Williams, and Alice Wolfley.


It was produced by Ziad Butch Ben Abrams and Katie Klein. We. get engineering support from Hannah Gluvna And. our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Join us again tomorrow.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Meryl. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor member SIPC.


On this week's episode of Wild Card Poet Nikki Giovanni says, you can choose your family. I recommend Dogs for they're faithful, they're they're intelligent, and they always love you. I'm Rachel Martin. Join us for NPR R'S Wild Card podcast, the game Where Cards Control the Conversation.


Hey, I'm Robert Smith from Planet Money and this summer we are bringing you the entire history of the world, at least the economics part. It's Planet Money Summer School. Every week we'll invite in a brilliant professor and play classic episodes about the birth of money banks and finance. There will be rogues and revolutionaries and a lot of panics summer school, every Wednesday till Labor Day on the Planet Money Podcast from NPR.