
The FBI continues to investigate the deadly attack in New Orleans. They've also been looking into a possible link between that attack and the cyber truck explosion in Las Vegas. I'm Eric Deens. I'm Aisha Roscoe. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. What made an American born veteran claim allegiance with ISIS and carry out a deadly attack? We'll bring you the latest on that story. Plus Republican House speaker Mike Johnson holds on to his job, but only just so Who changed their votes to help Johnson and how will he get things done with a very slim majority. Plus the planned events start to mark the passing of former president Jimmy Carter.


Stay with us. We have the news you need to start your weekend.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, You can manage your wealth your way At Schwab. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more.


This message comes from Rinse. These days You Can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and trade stocks, but You can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with Rinse. Schedule a pickup with the Rinse app and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order at Rinse dot com. That's RINS e.com.


This message comes from ICF working with government and industry on projects that create positive change in communities nationwide. Whether it's powering energy innovation, advancing health outcomes, or leveraging technology and AI for mission success, ICF works with clients to tackle their most complex challenges. Head on ICFs. Data-driven solutions are designed to deliver results faster and help organizations move forward with confidence. Let's build a more resilient world. Visit icf.com.


This message comes from mattress firm. Sleep is personal and the right mattress makes all the difference. That's why mattress firms sleep experts help match you with the perfect bed from a premium selection of mattresses. Plus, with their 120 night sleep trial, You can rest easy knowing you've made the right choice, love it, or your money back. Get matched at mattress, upgrade your sleep sale, and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Mint Mobile. Mint Mobile and their premium wireless plans. Start at just 15 bucks a month. Say goodbye to overpriced wireless plans. Get three months of premium wireless from Mint Mobile for 15 bucks a month. Shop data plans at Mint Mobile dot com slash npr. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


Authorities are still learning about what was behind the deadly attack in New Orleans. In the early hours of New Year's Day. At least 14 people were killed after a man drove his pickup truck into a crowd celebrating the start of the new year. NPR Justice correspondent Ryan Lucas joins us now with the latest on this investigation into what the FBI is calling a terrorist attack. Hi Ryan. Hi there, Ryan. The driver has been identified as Sham sine Jamar. He was a US citizen. What else do we know about him and why he decided to carry out this attack? Right. Well, Jamar was born in Texas. He grew up there. He served in the US Army for many years as a human resource specialist, as well as an IT guy.


He also started a few businesses. Several of them appear to have had severe financial difficulties recently. He's been divorced several times. Now. The FBI has said that Jabbar was inspired to carry out this attack by the Islamic State terrorist group. He uploaded several videos to the internet in the hours immediately leading up to the attack. Talking about this, here's the FBI's Christopher Re In the first video, Jabbar explains he originally planned to harm his family and friends, but was concerned the news headlines would not focus on the quote war between the believers and the disbelievers end quote. Additionally, he stated he had joined ISIS before this summer.


He also provided a will and testimony. Now, in addition to those videos, investigators also recovered an ISIS flag from the back of Jabbar's truck. Now, the FBI says, Jabbar appears to have acted alone and that's important because the bureau originally said he might have had help accomplices. But after an initial investigation chasing down leads, it says it does not appear that Jabbar did have any accomplices. So what does the FB, I mean when it says this attack was inspired by isis? Well, there's an important distinction here between an attack that is directed by a terrorist group and one that is inspired by a terrorist group and a directed attack. A a terrorist organization is in contact with a person or a a cell of people say in the United States and directs them, for example, to attack a specific target in an inspired attack.


In contrast, there doesn't need to be any direct contact. An individual instead can say, watch or read ISIS propaganda online, come to sympathize with a group's ideology or its worldview, and then decide to carry out violence to act in the group's name on their own. And in the case of the Islamic state of isis, it has pushed this idea in its online propaganda, it's urged people to use whatever tools they have on hand, including cars to attack off targets, things such as public celebration like New Year's Eve. The FBI director told Congress this past summer, in fact that this is the kind of threat that it's seen from foreign terrorist organizations now and those sorts of attacks, US counter-terrorism officials often say, are incredibly hard to stop because there isn't a big operation that the FBI can penetrate beforehand to disrupt it.


Right. And it seems terrorism doesn't necessarily dominate headlines in the US now, like it did say a decade ago. For a lot of people it seemed like the threat of a mass casualty terrorist attack in the US had kind of disappeared. You cover this stuff, what have you been hearing? Well, you're right. Terrorism is not a front page issue. The way that it once was, certainly not like we saw after nine 11 and also not like a decade ago when the Islamic state was, was at its apex. But the Islamic state still has branches, affiliates around the world that are very much active. And as for the threat in the us what I would say is that counter-terrorism officials here have been saying for a while that the threat may not be at the level that it once was, but it also most definitely has not disappeared.


FBI Director Christopher Ray, has warned about the danger post in particular by what the FBI calls homegrown violent extremists, people who radicalize on their own and decide to carry out an attack here in the us. Ray has also said that the threat level more broadly has really spiked after the Hamas attack on Israel in October of 2023. And I should note that the Justice Department has recently foiled what it says were plots on behalf of ISIS just in the past year, including one in Oklahoma and another in New York. Well I, I wanna turn quickly to the other incident we saw on New Year's Day the cyber truck explosion outside a Trump Hotel in Las Vegas. Now, was that connected to what happened in New Orleans?


Authorities say at this point in time, there is no evidence that those two incidents are linked in any way. Investigators have identified the driver of the cyber truck as Matthew Berger. He was a master sergeant in the US Army, a Green Beret, a decorated combat vet with multiple tours in Afghanistan. Authorities say that Lel Berger shot and killed himself in the cyber truck right before it exploded. As for the question of why the FBI says lel Berger bore no animosity toward Trump. So it wasn't about that. It says their investigation so far suggests that LEL Berger was likely suffering from mental health issues and also had some other family issues. Here's FBI special agent Spencer Evans.


It Ultimately appears to be a tragic case of suicide involving a heavily decorated combat veteran who is struggling with PTSD and other issues. Investigators also release experts of Libels Berger's writings in which he says America is headed toward collapse, that this is a wake up call. And he also says in, in one that he needs to cleanse his mind of brothers that he lost and relieve himself of The, the burdens of lives that he took. Well, that's NPR justice correspondent Ryan Lucas. Ryan, thanks so much for joining us. Thank you.


Congress just started its new session on Friday and there's drama already. Oh, Things got tense. Republican Mike Johnson had to fight attempts to oust him before he was reelected. Speaker of the House of Representatives NPR congressional correspondent Deirdre Walsh, was at the capitol for opening day and joins us now. Good morning. Good morning Eric. So we saw in real time the House Republicans narrow majority. How did Mike Johnson keep his party together to get a second term as speaker? Well, it took some heavy lobbying and critically the help of President-elect Donald Trump to get Johnson over the line. The speaker could only afford to lose one Republican going into this vote. And Kentucky Congressman Tom Massey made it clear he wasn't gonna vote for him.


He voted for the Republican whip. Instead. Initially there were two other Republicans, Ralph Norman of South Carolina and Keith South of Texas who voted for people other than Johnson. I was in the chamber as this vote dragged on and on. And it was clear Johnson didn't have the votes and we expected it to go a second round. But then I saw Johnson leave the floor with both Norman and Self and they both came back and dramatically changed their votes so he could win on the first ballot. You know, it was very clear Trump did not want this to drag out. You know, no other business can happen until a speaker is elected in the house. And on Monday they are slated to certify the 2024 election results. And that's something Trump did not want to delay at all.


So what did Johnson say will be his top priority? Well, addressing border security was a Republican's top priority in the 2024 campaign. And the speaker made it clear yesterday this was an issue they would take up right out of the gate. We will act quickly and we will start by defending our nation's borders. That's a number one program. The rules package the house passed yesterday that governs how the chamber's gonna operate. Also included rule to tee up several immigration bills. These are proposals that house Republicans have pushed through before things like cutting off federal money for any cities that are dubbed so-called sanctuary cities for undocumented migrants. The difference now is there's now a Senate Republican majority to help push through border security legislation.


So Speaking of the Senate, there's a new Senate majority leader John Thon. What are his plans? Well, it was definitely a smoother first day for John Thon. He now has a 53 seat Republican majority and he's been coordinating very closely with President-Elect Trump and Speaker Johnson. First thon is focused on getting Trump's cabinet nominees confirmed in the Senate. Republicans need a simple majority to get these nominees through. So far there's been no Republican senator who's come out publicly as a no for any nominee. But if any four Republicans did break, you know, one of Trump's nominees couldn't get confirmed. You know, there are some controversial nominees that we've talked about before, like Pete Hegseth to be the defense secretary, Tulsi Gabbard to serve as the Director of National Intelligence.


And there's still some Republican senator who want more details, things like the FBI background check. Other confirmation hearings are expected to start in mid-January. So what is Thune saying about what legislation he wants to move? You know, his plans track those of Trump's. Here's how Thune summed it up yesterday. We Have a lot to do. This congress or security extending the tax relief Republicans delivered during the first Trump administration lifting, burdensome and expensive government regulations to help American businesses and families flourish. THON is already hard at work drafting an initial legislative package. He plans to move using special rules that get around to Democratic filibuster like Johnson.


He wants to do border security first. That package initially in the Senate will also include some energy policies and then a separate tax bill is gonna come later in 2025. Well that's NPR r's. Deirdre Walsh, thanks so much for joining us Deirdre. Happy To do it. Eric. Today marks the start of nearly a week's worth of few Neal events to honor former president Jimmy Carter. He passed away earlier this week at the age of a hundred Grant Blankenship of Georgia. Public Broadcasting is covering those events, starting with a motorcade in the town of Americas Georgia.


Good morning grant. Yeah, Good morning. So as I mentioned, the procession begins in the town of Americas at the medical center where Carter's body's been held and then it heads to plains. Yeah, That's right. It heads to plains and, and downtown there in Plains, people are gonna be lining the street to watch the procession. From there, it's going to go to the family farm where Carter grew up a few miles away and then pause. And there the farm bell will toll 39 times. Now of course it's ringing 39 times because Carter was the 39th president of the United States. And there's some symbolism in the tolling of a bell. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, here in the south family farms typically had an iron bell. My, my grandmother had one. She used to let me ring to call everybody in to eat when the whole family was together.


Wow. You know, on a farm the bell was the signal that work was done and it was time to come home. So Who will be part of this procession? So, you know, there'll be members of the Carter family in the motorcade. There will be people Carter brought from plains to the White House. There'll be old friends. They're gonna drive for like five hours before arriving later in Atlanta. And it's pretty cold this morning. People are expected to line the roads in some of the towns that they passed through. So there will be a lot of ceremony and a lot of symbolism along this route. Yeah, absolutely. I spoke to Ben Gray, he's a longtime Georgia photojournalist. He's been tapped by the Carter family to document every piece of the activity here in Georgia and he'll be in the procession the whole way.


Every step of it is important historically, it's obviously a very choreographed funeral and it has many points and each one of 'em has a a deep significance to the Carters and to the people of Georgia and in the United States that, you know, knew him and grew to love him both as a president. And then what he did afterwards. And you know, that afterwards was really his work at the Carter Center in Atlanta where he will lie and repose until Tuesday And, and what happens then? Well, so then his body will be flown to Washington DC for a ceremony at the US Capitol where he'll lie in state until Thursday and then there'll be an official state funeral attended by President Biden, members of Congress, as well as President elect Donald Trump.


But this will all circle back where Carter's life began. Back to Plains with a family ceremony Thursday evening at Carter's home Church Mayor Nafa Baptist. That's where photographer Ben Gray says he's gonna be most attuned to capturing those important moments. It's the final goodbye and it's gonna be a chance, I think, for the family, you know, having been almost on display for some of this. Right? They're there, but it's the official choreographed funeral procession and those points. But back at the Home Church at Maranatha, it's smaller. You know, it's gonna be just family and friends. They're gonna actually get to be there and and say goodbye to Him. And then Thursday evening, Carter will be laid to rest at his home in Plains next to his wife Rosalyn.


That's Grant Blankenship of Georgia Public Broadcasting. Grant, thank you so much for those details about the funeral of former president Jimmy Carter. Yeah, thank you so much for having me. I appreciate it. That's Upfirst for Saturday, January 4th, 2025. I'm Eric Deens. And I'm Aisha Roscoe. Our producer is Michael Radcliffe with help from Gable O'Connor and Andrew Craig, who's also our director today. Our editors are Dee Parvez, Martha Ann Overland, Kelsey Snail, and Krishna Dev. Caller Andy Hether is our technical director with engineering support from J sis David Greenberg and Arthur Holladay. Laurent. Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor, Sarah Lucia Oliver is our executive producer.


Jim Kane is our deputy managing editor. Tomorrow on The Sunday Story, does the US military have an extremism problem? We look back at the January 6th Capitol riots and at the many participants who had a military background And for the latest news plus delightful conversations about books, movies, and more. Listen to weekend edition. You can find us on the radio your smartphone. Go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station and listen to us, you know, on the weekends. Yeah, it's Always a good thing. Yeah.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@bbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.


This message is from Synchrony Bank who wants to inspire you to keep dreaming. The goal setting retirement planning sale off into the sunset kind of dreams that start with saving smart. Open an account and dream on at synchrony.com/npr. Remember FDIC.