
President Trump sends active duty Marines to respond to immigration protests in la. He's Not for peacemaking. He's here for war. He wants a civil war on the streets. What will the Marines be allowed to do? I mean, Martinez. That is Michelle Martin and this is Upfirst from NPR News Secretary of Health, Robert F Kennedy Jr. Has removed all members of A CDC vaccine advisory committee. We are heading in the direction of US vaccine policy becoming the laughing stock of the globe. What's the reason for the dismissals And federal overdoses from Fentanyl are down among young people. What we're seeing is a massive reduction in overdose risk among Gen Z In particular.


Stay with us. We've got news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from MIDI Health. Women in midlife face a healthcare desert, but MIDI is here to fill the gap, offering expert care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance, hot flashes, insomnia, brain fog, weight gain, and moodiness. Don't have to be accepted as just another part of aging. MIDI clinicians understand how these symptoms can connect to menopause and prescribe a wide range of solutions. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@warbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


For the fourth straight night, people in Los Angeles took to the streets to protest ICE immigration raids. President Trump is now sending hundreds of active duty Marines into the city and an additional 2000 National Guard troops doubling the amount he mobilized over the weekend. Trump says it's to control the protests. California's governor and LA's Mayor, both Democrats are calling this an unnecessary escalation. N P'S Adrian Floto is in Los Angeles and is with us now to tell us more about all this. Good morning, Adrian. Good morning Michelle. So What's the latest on these marines heading into the city? Well, the Defense Department said it's bringing 700 active duty marines in from 29 Palms, a military base, 150 miles east of LA A defense official told NPR they will be working with the already deployed National Guard troops.


So this is a combined 4,700 military troops being deployed to Los Angeles for what so far have been largely peaceful protests with flare ups of violence and and vandalism. What do we know about what these marines will be allowed to do? Well for now, the Pentagon says that they will be working with the National Guard troops to protect federal buildings and federal agents carrying out immigration enforcement. It's uncertain how much more they can do. Federal law generally bars active duty forces from domestic law enforcement unless the president invokes the Insurrection act. Trump has not done that yet, but has suggested that he could. He's already called these protestors Insurrectionists.


So What's been the response of California's governor, Gavin Newsom, who is, as we said, a Democrat? Well, he's been saying since the weekend that the president is trying to sow chaos. He calls this escalation unneeded and provocative. He said local and state police have been able to handle protestors who have turned violent And that they've been working to keep the peace on the streets. But here's what Newsom said to Fox's LA affiliate KTTV. That's not what Trump is after. He's not for peacemaking. He's here for war. He wants a civil war on the streets. Newsom filed suit, challenging Trump's decision to take over the state National Guard without his authorization and has said that he'll also sue over the deployment of the Marines for his part.


Michelle Trump yesterday endorsed the idea of arresting Gavin Newsom, which is an extraordinary thing to say about a sitting governor. And so you've been talking to a lot of people who've been participating in these protests. What are they saying about these thousands of troops being sent into the city? A lot of them are saying they fear that these troops coming in will inflame tension on the streets even further. Like Sandra Martinez, she was out peacefully protesting last night. They're Gonna make it worse. Look at what everybody's doing. People are just gonna wild up. There is people protest, but with that also comes people that they don't hold back. La Mayor Karen Bass Michelle said that the Trump administration is trying to see how far it can go to take control away from cities and states.


I don't think that our city should be used for an experiment to see what happens in the nation's second largest city. Well, maybe we can do this to other cities. She called on ice to end its raids in Los Angeles. She said it conducted at least five yesterday. Adrian, before we let you go, I understand that these protests against ICE raids are now spreading to other cities. They are. There were protests in at least two dozen cities across the country yesterday, and officials in different places are starting to express concern that things could get out of hand if the Trump administration continues down this path. Last night, Senator Jack Reed, the top Democrat on the Armed Services Committee, said the president is using the military as a political weapon, which Reed said could turn a tense situation in LA into a national crisis.


That is NPRs Adrian Florido in Los Angeles. Adrian, thank you so much. Thank you. Michelle HHS Secretary Robert f Kennedy Jr. Is removing all 17 members of a key vaccine committee that advises the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Kennedy Made the announcement Monday afternoon and it's alarmed many in the medical and public health establishment. NPR Health correspondent Will Stone is with us now to tell us more about this. Good morning Will. Good morning. First, would you just tell us what the committee does or what it's supposed to do and why it's important? Yeah. This group of outside experts has a big hand in vaccine policy.


It's called the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, A-A-C-I-P for short. They review evidence, make recommendations to the CDC on the vaccine schedule for children and adults. This also helps determine which vaccines get covered by health insurance. The members tend to be experts in vaccines, immunology, pediatrics, and the committee has been around since the sixties actually. But they got a lot of visibility during the early days of the COVID Pandemic. As Secretary of Health, Kennedy does have the authority to replace anyone on the committee because his department oversees the CDC and that's what he decided to do yesterday when he got rid of everyone. What was his rationale? Did he explain why?


Yes. Kennedy was very clear in a press release. He said a clean sweep is necessary to reestablish public confidence in vaccine science. It's worth noting that Kennedy himself spent years undermining confidence in vaccines. He also claimed the committee was rubber stamping recommendations and had conflicts of interest. Kennedy has made these allegations of conflicts of interest before my NPR colleague, ping Huang looked into this and found that a government report Kennedy brings up doesn't back up his claim. There are ethics rules. Members have to disclose if they have any conflict before they take a vote and recuse themselves if they do. The possibility that Kennedy would replace everyone on the committee with his choices is what some politicians and public health experts are worried about when he was originally nominated And now that he's gone ahead and done it, what's been the reaction?


Well, very quickly, prominent groups like the American Medical Association, the Infectious Diseases Society of America denounced the move, as did some past directors of the CDC and they warned it's reckless, shortsighted could undermine confidence in vaccine recommendations and efforts to get more kids vaccinated, especially during a measles outbreak. I spoke with Dr. Jonathan Tempy, who's at the University of Wisconsin. He's no longer on a CIP, but he served as chair of the committee from 2012 to 2015. A CIP has been across the entire world, the paragon of good, solid, well thought out evidence-based vaccine policy. I hate to say this, we are heading in the direction of US vaccine policy becoming the laughing stock of the globe, And I wrote to another former A CIP chair, Grace Lee, who's at Stanford.


To get her reaction, I got a one word reply from her speechless. So what's next? Kennedy has said there are new members under consideration. We don't know who those people will be. Will they have the vaccine related expertise that you typically expect committee members to have? Kennedy did make the point that the entire committee he's replacing was appointed by Biden, many of them just last year. We do know the next official meeting will be later this month at CDC headquarters in Atlanta. That is NPR health correspondent. Will Stone Will. Thank you. Thank you.


There is more hopeful news about America's fentanyl crisis this time about young people. Yeah. After a decade of carnage when more than 230,000 people under the age of 35 died from overdoses in the U, US drug deaths are finally dropping fast. NPR addiction correspondent Brian Mann is with us now to tell us more about this. Brian, good morning to you. Good morning, Michelle. So how big and how promising is this shift? Well, this is an extraordinary moment. Fentanyl killed young Americans at a rate unlike anything the US or really any other country had ever seen. Devastating families in whole communities. But Navarone Das Gupta, a researcher at the University of North Carolina, says, federal data shows a huge pivot.


What we're seeing is a massive reduction in overdose risk among Gen Z. In particular, ages 20 to 29 lowered their risk by 47%, cut it right in half. And teenagers too have finally seen a big drop in fatal overdoses taken together. Michelle, this is saving about 15,000 lives among young people per year. Well, it's remarkable. So Brian, could you just remind us again why for young people in the US the fentanyl crisis was different and deadlier than what we saw with say, heroin or crack cocaine? Yeah, for decades it's been fairly common for many young Americans to experiment with drugs. You know, trying cocaine, trying maybe a pill they got from a friend at a party, neuro crab check studies, overdose patterns at the NYU Grossman School of Medicine, she says after 2014 is much more powerful and lethal.


Fentanyl started turning up everywhere, mixed into drugs, teens and 20 somethings were really vulnerable. Whatever drugs they are using, whether intentionally or not, it is mostly fentanyl. In your generation, people use drugs. In my generation, people use drugs you just didn't use to die as much from 'em. And crab check study published last month in the Journal of Pediatrics found fentanyl deaths among people age 15 to 24, nearly quadrupled over a five year period through 2022. It seemed unstoppable at times. Then finally last year we saw this national recovery again, thousands fewer teens and young adults dying. So do researchers know why this improvement is happening? There are a lot of theories.


You know, there's better addiction healthcare. Now Narcan, also known as Naloxone, is being widely distributed. It's this medication that reverses fentanyl overdoses. Tragically, one factor scientists are looking at is that many vulnerable kids are already gone. But there is one more thing. There's growing evidence that young people are being more careful. Studies show they're using fewer hard drugs that might be laced or contaminated with fentanyl. After a decade of all this death from fentanyl, at least some young people seem to be a lot more cautious. So Let's look forward. Is this recovery likely to continue? A lot of the parents and frontline health workers I've been talking to say, more needs to be done. Remember, the US still saw more than 17,000 drug deaths among people under age 35 last year.


That's according to provisional data from federal health agencies. Now, that's the lowest number since 2015. But it's still a lot of loss, a lot of sorrow. So more work to be done here. But one concern I'm hearing from experts and families, the Republican budget, Michelle passed by the house. It would cut billions of dollars from Medicaid and from public health and science agencies. There's fear that grants for fentanyl and other addiction programs will dry up and this recovery could unravel. The Trump administration says it's simply looking for efficiencies and ways to consolidate programs, programs. That is NPR r's. Brian Mann. Brian, thank you. Thank you, Michelle.


And that's Upfirst for Tuesday, June 10th. I'm Michelle Martin. I, me, Martinez. How about listening to consider this from NPR? We hear it. Upfirst give you the three big stories of the day, or consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single news story and what it means to you in less than 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get those podcasts. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Eric Westervelt, Jane Greenhalgh, Andrea DeLeon, Lisa Thompson, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Zied Budge, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Zo Van Ginhoven and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Indeed. You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. Indeed, sponsored jobs helps you stand out. According to Indeed, data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed and get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your job's more visibility@indeed.com slash NPR. Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


This message comes from Schwab. Everyone has moments when they could have done better. Same goes for where you invest. Level up and invest smarter with Schwab. Get market insights, education, and human help when you need it. This message comes from NPR sponsor Charles Schwab with its original podcast on investing. Each week you'll get thoughtful, in-depth analysis of both the stock and the bond markets. Listen today and subscribe At Schwab dot com slash on investing or wherever you get your podcasts.