
President elect Donald Trump picks the co-founder of the WWE to run the Department of Education. Linda McMahon ran the small business administration during Trump's first term, but has little experience in education, and it's a department that many conservatives wanna shut down. I'm Michelle Martin. That's a Martinez. And this is upfirst from NPR News. FEMA is under fire. Some Republicans accuse the agency of playing politics with disaster aid. FEMA essentially treats the homes of President Trump supporters, as if they were homes of people with vicious dogs. Could this jeopardize future funding for disaster relief? And A large number of people have left the social media platform X since Donald Trump won the election. And now a smaller platform called Blue Sky is seeing a surge in users.


Can it become the next Twitter? stay with us. We've got all the news you need to start your day. President elect Donald Trump's cabinet nominations continue to roll in. And we got one more late yesterday. Trump has tapped Linda McMahon to run the US Department of Education, and that's an agency that conservatives have wanted to shut down for years. She's probably best known as a co-founder of the WWE, the Professional Wrestling Company. For More on this, we're joined by NPRs Corey Turner. So Corey, tell us about Linda McMahon. Yeah, she is a surprise insofar as there were a handful of Education candidates out there, a with real conservative credentials, and McMahon is not one of them.


She is co-founder and former CEO of World Wrestling Entertainment, better known as WE As you said, she's been friends with Donald Trump for many years. Going back to those early wrestling days, she's also twice run as Republican for a US Senate seat in Connecticut. But she lost both times during Trump's first term, he picked McMahon to run the Small Business Administration. In fact, when she spoke at the RNC before this past election, she talked mostly about taxes and tariffs. President Trump is a job creator and the best friend American workers have ever had in the White House. You know, a, I think it's clear President Elect Trump really trusts Linda McMahon.


She has also been co-chairing his transition team. So she is on tap to be his education secretary. What experience does Linda McMahon have in education or education policy? Yeah, not a lot. That's obvious. A, she did serve briefly on the Connecticut State Board of Education. In fact, I found her testimony after she was nominated. She told the committee she had gone to college with plans to become a teacher. She also mentioned several initiatives that she had pushed while she was running WWE, including a program to encourage kids to read. But she resigned from the state board after about a year to mount her first Senate bid. More recently, she has chaired the board for the America First Policy Institute, which supports school choice across the country.


And that includes letting parents spend public dollars in private schools. But it's hard to know how involved she was in that part of their pretty broad portfolio. What is clear is that she's a very successful no-nonsense business woman who has a ton of experience dealing with some pretty big personalities Yeah. That she does, which might come in handy if she's confirmed. So then let's talk about Trump's big promise to close the education department. How is she gonna do that? Yeah, look, a bipartisan group of experts have told me over the past week, closing the department is one wrestling match that McMahon probably cannot win, or really any secretary.


And that's because the department was created by Congress and only Congress can abolish it. And doing that will require 60 votes in the Senate to overcome the filibuster. But here's the thing. In in Trump's statement announcing man's nomination, he said he expects her to be a champion for school choice. And it would be hard for her to do that without an education department. Trump's first education secretary, Betsy DeVos, was also an outspoken advocate for school choice. She kind of struggled to get much done nationally. That's because school choice policies tend to happen at the state level, and they vary pretty wildly. One thing McMahon could try to do is use the department to incentivize more states and communities to embrace some kind of school choice.


Republicans in the Senate have also been pushing this new tax credit that would fund scholarships to students to help pay for private school tuition. But again, a, it's, it's early and it is hard to know how feasible these ideas will be. Even with Republicans controlling Congress. NPRs Corey Turner. Thanks Corey. You're Welcome. The Biden administration wants more money for disaster recovery. But the agency that responds to natural disasters, FEMA is fending off attacks in Congress. Yes, the administration is seeking nearly $100 billion in additional funds after this year's onslaught of hurricanes, flash, floods, and wildfires.


Meanwhile, FEMA administrator, Deanne Chriswell spent Tuesday on Capitol Hill. She had to defend against accusations that the agency responded slowly to disasters and discriminated against some hurricane victims for political reasons. NPR r's Debbie Elliott is covering this story. Debbie Criswell testified before two house committees So. what did members of Congress press on? Well, Specifically this was about FEMA's response to hurricanes Helene and Milton catastrophic storms. You'll remember that struck the southeast in late September and then early October back to back. More than 200 people were killed and the storms caused billions of dollars in damage. But there's one particular incident that prompted this scrutiny.


A now fired FEMA supervisor directed workers who were doing door to door canvassing in Lake Placid, Florida to skip over houses that had Trump campaign signs in the aftermath of Hurricane Milton. Now that former crew lead is what she was Marni Washington has since claimed she was following standard protocol to avoid hostility in the field. Something workers did face after disinformation spread in the wake of Hurricane Helene. So the focus of these hearings is whether there's a wider cultural problem at fema. Here's House Oversight Committee chairman James Comer, a Republican from Kentucky. The same employee alleged on TV that this was not an isolated event, and that FEMA essentially treats the homes of President Trump's supporters as if they were homes of people with vicious dogs.


This is unacceptable. Americans demand accountability. He says This incident amounts to the weaponization of government. Comer also entered into the record another reported incident of a household in Georgia being told by a FEMA contractor that they should remove any Trump campaign material. Now that's something NPR has not verified. So how did the FEMA chief respond? A, in both the House Oversight Committee and then earlier before the transportation and infrastructure panel, Dean Criswell repeatedly denied any wider issue in the way that FEMA dolls out disaster aid. She says, Marni Washington's instruction to disaster assistance teams to avoid homes.


Quote, advertising, Trump was reprehensible and at odds with the agency's mission. Here's part of her testimony before the House Oversight Committee. This type of behavior and action will not be tolerated at fema. And we will hold all people accountable if they violate our standards of conduct. I do not believe that this employee's actions are indicative of any widespread cultural problems at fema. Now, Democrats on the panel like ranking member Jamie Raskin of Maryland tried to point out that President-elect Trump and his allies had pushed conspiracy theories about the hurricane response. FEMA aid workers have been forced to work under a cloud of propaganda and lies concocted to erode public trust in fema.


Because of this disinformation, many victims of hurricanes have rejected federal assistance and others have even harassed and threatened FEMA workers. So we know one FEMA supervisor has been fired for ordering workers to skip over homes with Trump signs. Could there maybe be more fallout from this incident? Well, that's a good question. Criswell says, an internal investigation is underway, and she's also asked for an independent probe by the Inspector General for the Department of Homeland Security to determine whether this was an isolated incident or whether others at the agency are also at fault. In the meantime, she says they've identified about 20 homes that were skipped over and have since sent workers to help them register for aid if they qualify.


We should also note that Chris Wills also named in a federal discrimination lawsuit that was filed by Florida's Attorney General. That's NPR r's. Debbie Elliot. Debbie, thanks. You're welcome. It's become known as the Exodus Since Donald Trump won the election, at least a hundred thousand people have left x. The social media site owned by Elon Musk. Musk, of course, was a vocal Trump surrogate and a major donor, and now one of Trump's key advisors. And lately X has become overrun with posts about Musk and Trump. Many looking for an alternative have turned to a site called Blue Sky. We're joined by NPR Tech correspondent Bobby Allen to hear all about it.


So we know by now that Elon Musk has made many changes at the site, formerly known as Twitter, but y are so many people leaving now. Yeah, you know, the election might have something to do with it. Right after Trump won many on X noted an uptick in pro-Trump content leading up to the election. Musk tinkered with the algorithm to give his own posts a boost. And Musk was posting a lot about Trump. But to those who are, you know, not fans of Trump X became too flooded with Trump backers there, you know, have always been conservatives on the app back when it was Twitter. But users said this time around, it just stopped being a mix of views and just started being posts about Trump and posts about Musk. For some people that was a turnoff.


So they went to Blue Sky. Yeah, and I'll admit it. When I first heard about it, Bobby, I wanted to call it Blue Ski, but I know it is Blue Sky. I know it is Blue Sky, very chipper name. And I'll admit when I log onto it, Bobby, it kind of looks like X. So what's different? It does, it looks a lot like X when you log on, there's a, there's a feed of text posts from people you follow. So the look and feel remind you of x slash Twitter. But the difference is Blue Sky users have more choice about what they see and who they talk to. If you don't like what you see on the app, you can actually build your own feed or search a database of feeds. There are more than 50,000 to choose from, say, a feed full of cat and dog photos, or a feed full of news only about the Los Angeles Lakers, whatever you want.


I talked to the CEO of Blue Sky. Her name is Jay Grabber, and she says this, choose your own adventure. Quality of the app really puts the power in the hands of the average user. My concern with the internet is it's just become too controlled by a few powerful interests and people don't have enough ability to control their own fate. And so we wanted to build social that's built by the people for the people All, right, by the people. For the people. So how many people have actually gone to Blue Sky so far? Yeah, well, so far it's pretty tiny. Graver says since the election, they've added a million people a day, which is a remarkable number. But overall, they have about 20 million users, which is quite small compared to Meta's X competitor threads, which has hundreds of millions and X itself, which also has hundreds of millions.


But blue sky A is really where all the energy is right now. I mean, celebrities, politicians, influencers, you name it. Our opening accounts on Blue Sky, it is too early to say that it is the new Twitter, but Blue Sky fans are sure hoping So. So then what, if anything, is standing in the way of Blue Sky becoming the new Twitter? Well, right now, their staff and infrastructure are just quite limited, and they will need money to support growing. And they haven't shared a long-term business plan. They have said that, you know, blue Sky will never display advertisements that it won't harvest users' data. Those two are usually how social media companies make money. But Blue Sky's not gonna do either. Right now Blue Sky is just operating off of investor money.


And when I talked to Grabber, she told me that, you know, they hope to do a subscription model to generate some revenue. But as it stands, a that is the big question facing the future of Blue Sky. How in the world will it ever make money? That's NPRs Bobby Allen. Bobby, thanks. Thanks, ed. Eyewitnesses tell NPR that the Israeli military is using a new type of drone in its war against Hamas In Gaza, a sniper drone's NPR has collected more than a dozen accounts from people who have seen these sniper drones being used in Gaza. And many say they have seen them used to shoot and sometimes kill civilians.


For more on this, we're joined by NPR, R's Cat, Londo of Kat. So why did you start looking into this? Yeah, well, I first heard about these drones this summer. We interviewed a man named Adeeb Shakka who was in Gaza. He was telling us about an incident at the end of May when he was walking on a quiet day with his 3-year-old son, and a small drone appeared and shot his son in the head. He told us two men rushed in to help his son, and the drone shot them too. One of those men was killed along with chakra's sun. You know, we know that drones are used in Gaza for surveillance and even to drop bombs by the Israeli military, but when I first heard this, my editor and I had this moment like, wait, a drone, a drone shot them? We thought maybe we didn't understand correctly.


So I started looking into it. Oh, So, What did you find? So I pretty quickly figured out that this technology does exist. It's been on the market for several years, and there are a few different companies making it. Many of them are based in Israel or have ties to Israel or the Israeli military. And just So, you can picture it, you know, these are small drones with multiple rotors on the top. They kind of look like the drones that anyone could buy at like an electronic store, but a little bit bigger. And then they've got a camera attached to 'em so that whoever's o operating the drone can see what's in front of them in front of the drone. And then there's a long rifle barrel attached, and that gun can be fired remotely. And the drone is designed to compensate for the recoil of the weapon while it's hovering.


I should say that NPR repeatedly asked the Israeli military if it was using the sniper drone technology in Gaza. It didn't respond to our question, but it's very common that a military won't disclose what weapons they're using, especially in active warfare. And like I said, several of the companies we found have ties to Israel and the Israeli Defense Ministry has touted the technology in the past. What did you hear from people in Gaza about how this sniper drone is being used? Well, we heard a lot of pretty disturbing stories. You know that these drones appear quickly and quietly that they come in after airstrikes and shoot people trying to pull people out of the rubble. They come near hospitals, they come to camps of displaced people.


And many people told us stories about them being used to shoot civilians, sometimes children. I talked with Dr. Mimi Saad, she's an American emergency trauma doc and trauma doctor who worked in Gaza recently. And she told me that she would see multiple patients a day, many in pediatrics with single gunshot wounds to the head. Every time someone would come in, they would be brought by family. But it was my routine practice to ask what happened. And every time it would be a drone quadcopter shot, quadcopter drone shot. So she said she saw this day after day people coming in from different parts of Gaza and talking about a quadcopter drone shooting from different incidents.


You know, people in Gaza talk about these drones all the time. We started noticing it after interview, after interview, and it seems like they become really, really common. We asked the Israeli military about several of the individual incidents we heard about, including the first one I told you about. It said it was unaware of the incidents and said that any suggestion that Israel intends to harm civilians is quote unfounded and baseless All. right? That's NPR R'S Kat Lon Dorf Kat, thank you very much. Thank you. And that's upfirst for Wednesday, November 20th I. mean Martinez. And I'm Michelle Martin. Your next listen is consider this from NPR. Here at upfirst, we give you the three big stories of the day. Our consider this colleagues take a different approach.


They dive into a single news story and what it means to you in just 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcast. Today's episode of A First was edited by Russell Lewis, Kara Platoni, Nicole Cohen, Mohammad Al Bari, and Ally Schweitzer. It was produced by Zia b Mia Dumas and Milton Gada. We get engineering support from Carly Strange And. our technical director is Zach Coleman. Join us again tomorrow.