
People around Lubbock, Texas are watching the spread of measles. Could it grow? Absolutely. It could. Other places have seen it too. So what's behind the return of a disease? Health officials once thought they had eradicated. I'm Lela Fdi, that's Steve Inskeep. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. It is common for countries like China to criticize US efforts to spread democracy. Now, democracy advocates say the Trump administration speaks the same way. The geopolitical information warfare is no longer something that's happening halfway across the world, but is happening within our own governments Who's gaining from that information war. Also, Brazilian authorities filed charges against a former president for a coup attempt.


Do they put a former president on trial? Stay with us. We've got the news You need to start your day.


Support comes from our 2025 lead sponsor of upfirst Amazon Business. How can you free your team from time consuming office tasks? Amazon Business empowers leaders to not only streamline purchasing, but better support their teams. Smart business buying tools enable buyers to find and purchase items fast so they can focus on strategy and growth. It's time to free up your teams and focus on your future. Learn more about the technology insights and support available at Amazon Business dot com.


This message is brought to you by NPR sponsor. Shopify is 2025 and a new year means new opportunities. Maybe you're thinking about starting your own business, but you have so many questions on how do I get started? Shopify's got you. Get your store up and running easily with thousands of customizable templates. No coding or design skills required. Just drag and drop. Go to shopify.com/npr, all lowercase to sign up for a $1 per month trial period.


Today, NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org. Measles is spreading across parts of West Texas. Health officials thought they had eradicated this disease 25 years ago, but it's occasionally returned most recently to five counties around Lubbock, Texas, which Is where we find Samantha Larden of our member station. KTTZ.


Samantha, good morning. Good Morning. What's it like there? There is a lot of anxiety around this. In the past week, measles cases have more than doubled. We now have 58 confirmed cases here in Lubbock. It's just one, but it's the first one the city has seen in more than 20 years. Zach Holbrooks is the executive director of South Plains Public Health District, which serves Gaines County and Terry County outside of Lubbock where most of these cases are being reported. He expects cases to continue rising. Could it grow a Absolutely it could. We're trying to educate and get as much information out as possible so that people realize what the stakes are.


A majority of the cases are among school-aged children and the state health department says most of the measles patients are either unvaccinated or have an unknown vaccine status. Measles can be dangerous, even deadly, especially for babies and children. Okay. You mentioned vaccines there. Do health authorities feel they understand how this particular outbreak got going? Public health officials have described communities in Gaines County as vaccine hesitant. The vaccination rate there is just under 82% as compared to the state of Texas, which has a vaccination rate of 90%. Catherine Wells is the director of public health here in Lubbock where there is that one case and she says the process of confirming measles cases is a lot quicker in a city than in those remote rural areas like Seminole, which is an hour and a half away from here where a majority of those cases have occurred.


The quickest way to get that measles test done is in the state public health lab in Austin. Which is fine when you're in Lubbock because we have overnight delivery to Austin. Okay. I guess she's saying that it's a little bit harder to catch up to this disease and track and isolate it when you are in some of the rural areas. I'd like to know though, is this outbreak in West Texas representative of things going on around the country? Well, like Texas in the past month, there's been cases in Georgia, Rhode Island, New York City, and Alaska, and this is all coming as Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Is getting started leading the health and human Services department.


Kennedy was critical of the measles vaccine for years before he was nominated. Health officials say the vaccine is 97% effective at preventing measles even after exposure. Some of the people who are at risk are those with compromised immune systems like pregnant people and babies under 1-year-old who can't receive the vaccine. Dr. Ron Cook is the health authority for the city of Lubbock and he says the vaccine is safe. I tell my pediatric moms and dads if they get a rash after the MMR, it's okay. It's not measles, it's not, it's just your body's reaction to the vaccine. There haven't been any deaths so far with this outbreak, but providers are concerned about continued spread from those who might not know that they have.


Measles and MMR vaccines are available across the state. Samantha, thanks so much. Thank you. Samantha Lar is a reporter with Member Station KTTZ in Lubbock, Texas. President Trump's drive to cut back the federal government includes cuts to a traditional tool against China. Yeah, the United States has promoted democracy and human rights abroad and it's been seen as a way to counter the influence of authoritarian countries, especially China. Now the US is blocking those efforts as part of an effort led by Elon Musk, the presidential aid, who is the world's richest man.


NPRs Emily Fang has covered China for many years and is on the line. Emily, good morning. Hey Steve. Good morning. Okay, so why would the administration back off democracy promotion now? Well, part of the reason given by Musk and other people close to Trump is that the agencies that fund these groups you're talking about are wasteful. Musk has accused specifically the aid agency, U S A ID of being behind a quote hoax about Russian influence in the Trump administration without giving evidence. The US has also paused human rights and civil society related grants at the State Department and the latest funding phrase I've been tracking is at the National Endowment for Democracy or NED. Interesting. Some Republicans like Marco Rubio, who is now US Secretary of State, had previously seen groups.


They funded as essential to US national Security because they build soft power by promoting US democratic ideals abroad. But since Rubio's joined the Trump administration, he's defended these massive cuts. Okay. So this is worldwide the effects of of these changes, but a good portion of the funding was supporting Chinese dissidents some diversity of opinion within China. So what does China think of that? They have not said much publicly, but this is a huge windfall for China because these are all organizations. Beijing found a nuisance and I found signs that China is trying to co-opt some of these groups now at least two human rights organizations that are China focused, but based here in the US Tell me. They've actually been approached by people within the Chinese government offering to introduce them to new China based funders.


And this has specifically happened in just the last few days since they've faced losing funding from the us. I also talked directly with the Chinese state representative who answers to the government there who requested anonymity 'cause they're not authorized to speak publicly. They reached out to at least one China focused civil society group that is at risk of losing their funding and proposed to them. Instead of criticizing people and organizations in China publicly, perhaps they could facilitate private conversations with China to achieve social change. And one of the groups he was in contact with said, you know, this feels like a tactic to buy their silence, though the Chinese state representative argued to me, it would be a more effective way for organizations to Work. Wow. Thanks for all that reporting.


So what are some of these groups that risk getting their funding cut? They're the exactly kind of the groups that China and other, other authoritarian governments criticize. These are women's rights groups, human rights research groups, legal aid nonprofits. One of them is New York based China labor watch. It was started by a researcher named and his group investigates labor rights abuses. He says here, he's chosen to go on the record with me because he left China when he felt he could not speak freely there. So he says now if he stays silent on the funding cuts, what was the point of coming to the us? Well, how does this affect Americans? Well, for better or worse, the US is competing with China on social influence and soft power.


And some human rights workers say they're worried about this convergence between how Trump administration officials talk about democracy and how governments like China describe it. Francisco Bencosme is USAID's former China policy lead. The geopolitical information warfare is no longer something that's happening halfway across the world, but is happening within our own governments. For example, Musk called NEDA scam and then cited a story on x, a takedown of the US Foundation from the Foreign ministry of China. Emily, thanks so much. Thank You, Steve. That's NPRs Emily Fang.


Okay. Brazil's former president could be facing a long prison sentence for his participation in what authorities say was an attempt to overturn the country's election in 2022. Yeah, Brazil's attorney general indicted the far right, former president Jay Bolsonaro, accusing him of plotting a coup to stay in power as well as inciting violence and even approving a plan to poison the current president NPR South America correspondent Kerry Khan has been following all of this. Kerry, good morning. Good morning. Wow. Coup attempt inciting violence poisoning. What? What more can you say about these accusations? They're, they're stunning charges. The standout points. Prosecutors say that Bolsonaro and 33 others were, they said it was this vast criminal organization to keep him in power after he narrowly lost to the current President Luis, I Nacio Lula de Silva.


On top of that, there was also this outline to poison Lula kill his vice president in a Supreme Court justice who Bolsonaro has feuded with. The idea was to create this constitutional crisis and then the military would have to take over to calm any unrest and Bolsonaro would be reinstated. Investigators say they even found a speech that Bolsonaro was to give once he was back in power. And the indictment, the prosecutor said that quote, the plan was conceived and taken with the knowledge of the president and he agreed to it. Well, the draft of the speech, I guess would be pretty strong evidence. But what has Bolsonaro said about the allegations? He's Always, always denied them. His defense did release a statement saying that the former president never ever supported any movement to deconstruct the Democratic rule of law in any way.


And called the charges in Nept In a statement to the New York Times, Bo Noro went further saying the accusations are, quote, a weaponization of the justice system and jailing him as a desperate attempt to criminalize his political movement and silence millions of Brazilians. And if you're thinking the, the comparisons between Bolsonaro cases similar to President Trump's false claims of the 2020 election being stolen from him. Bolsonaro did that himself. He said the legal fight against him is just like the same strategy used against President Trump, which he pointed out failed the, the two men were close allies when Bolsonaro was in power. And supporters of Bolsonaro have been emboldened by Trump's return to power. They've been saying that the US president is even gonna help them bring Bolsonaro back.


He's been barred from running for office for at least eight years. His supporters in Congress are trying to get a bill through to Grant pardons to Bolsonaro supporters who rioted the capital on January 8th, 2023. And they say they will get Trump's support. They're hoping the bill will also apply to Bolsonaro. The Supreme Court here however, has been one of the key institutions aggressively ruling against Bolsonaro and his right wing movement of they've been overseeing investigations, even ordering the removal of social media posts that they say are anti-democratic. Hmm. Well these events took place almost two years ago. Had people been waiting for these charges a long time? Yes, they were.


This has been a very lengthy investigation. Late last year, we got a glimpse of the evidence against Bolsonaro when police turned over their investigation to the attorney General prosecutor's office. That report was nearly 900 pages long. It's based on testimonies, phone records, and also plea deals with close allies of Bolsonaro Bolsonaro running mate also charged in the case has been in custody as well as other close confidence of his. And there are also hundreds of cases against the rioters who were charged and tried for ransacking the Capitol on January 8th. Okay. So long investigation, plea deals, 900 page reports. Now we have the criminal charges. Where do we go next? It's now up to the Supreme Court.


They will decide whether they will arrest Bolsonaro and put him on trial. You know, such a trial like that could start this year and it would definitely be an explosive political event in this deeply divided country. And if convicted of the charges, which are quite serious, Bolsonaro sentenced could be anywhere from 12 years to as much as four decades, Stephen in prison And Pierce Carry Khan. Thanks so much. You're Welcome. And that's Upfirst for this Wednesday. And that's Upfirst for the what? Sorry. We should, we should have kept that in. I should have just kept going. Just a little hacking. Little bit of hacking this morning. Exactly. Exactly. Gotta wake up. That's all there Is to it.


And that's Upfirst for this Wednesday, February 19th. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Layla Alden. Make your next. Listen. Consider this. The team behind NPR r's All Things Considered goes deep into a single news story in just 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's Upfirst was edited by Alfredo Carbo Hall, Padmananda Rama Tara Neill Rena, and Janaia Williams. It was produced by Ziat bch, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Simon Laslow Janssen and our technical director. Also always very supportive is Stacey Abbott.


Join us tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst Plus at plus Do NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org. 99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts. Free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR. Wait, wait, don't tell me Fresh Air Upfirst NPR News now. Planet Money. Ted Radio Hour throughline. The NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcasts You can enjoy. Sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.