
I am Aisha Roscoe. This is The Sunday Story, and it's NPR R'S Climate Solutions Week. This year, NPR is looking at the ways climate change is affecting what we eat and how what we eat is affecting climate change. NPR R's, climate Solutions reporter Julia Simon is here with us now. Julia, welcome. First of all, Thank you. It's gonna be fun today. I, I, I understand you've been working on a story about beef, and I'm an interested person for you to talk to about beef because my favorite food since I was a kid has been steak.


So even at like eight or nine years old, back in the day, we'd go to Golden Corral. I would order steak and everybody else would get the buffet and they would bring the steak to the table and they would point it at the adult or the, the male in the table and they'd be like, no, it's for, for the little girl over there. Okay. Wow. That's an image. And interesting that they assumed it was for the man because we're gonna get into that. Aisha, if you count yourself as one of the high beef eating Americans, you're probably gonna be interested in this. 'cause we're gonna explore some powerful ideas connecting Americans with beef eating. Okay?


I definitely do consider myself one of those high beef eating Americans. So, so where do we start? We're gonna start in 2006. And this is when Malcolm Redford was a little boy in Los Angeles watching cartoons. I had to be really young. Maybe, you know, 10 or something like that. And somewhere in between his cartoons comes this commercial. Andrew, our producer, he's gonna play you the clip. Okay? Okay, cool. I'm man, hear me roar in numbers too big to ignore, and I'm way too hungry to settle for chick food.


So, Aisha, can you describe what we're seeing here? We are seeing a man. He was in this fancy restaurant. It looks like getting a little fancy plate. He just threw that away. He's a man. He gotta finds the real food. Not this fancy sch mansion stuff. Exactly. He has this vegetarian dish and he just throws it away. That's the So-called Chick food. He, he leaves a restaurant, joins a throng of other singing men. Oh yes. A guy wanting a whopper, basically.


So a bunch of guys singing about how much they love their whopper. It's a Burger King commercial. I Do not remember this commercial. And I watch a lot of tv. Well, now you're gonna have it in your head, living rent free for the rest of your life. Texas Double. He like a man, man. So Malcolm, he says he saw this commercial often as a kid. Yeah, they were starting it early. A lot of boys and men get messages from advertisements and culture that connect eating meat with being a man, particularly eating beef, Sizzling beef, beef jerky, beef fajitas, beef tacos.


Do you see where I'm going with this? Beef? It's what's for dinner. Beef is like marketed to men. It's like, you know, steaks and hefty burgers. Like that's what a man's supposed to eat. Okay, so Julia, now you're a climate solutions reporter. So I gotta ask you, why, why are you talking about beef? It's because of cows. When cows burp, they release methane. This very potent planet, heating, gas, demand for beef, also dairy, more so beef means there are lots of cows and cattle on the planet right now with lots of planet heating. Burps also demand for beef drives deforestation, which also releases gases that heat the planet.


I mean, That doesn't sound good, but what is the solution then? Well, it turns out that if people eat less beef, not even eliminating it, just eating less, that would have a huge impact on global warming. Diego Rose is the head of the nutrition program at Tulane University. He did a study that asks the question, what if on a given day you decide you're not gonna have beef in a meal, you're gonna have say, chicken instead, If it was a beef steak, you had a chicken steak, or if it was a beef burger, you had a chicken burger. And with all these, all of the substitutions, we found that it, it dropped people's dietary carbon footprint in half 48%.


Okay, so, so even if you still eat meat, like if you eat chicken, chickens don't release as much methane into the air as, as the cows do. Is that the case? Yeah. Cows have this special stomach that's really cool, but it releases a lot of methane. Okay. And yeah, it's really about the cows heating the planet so much. So if you decide to swap out beef in a meal these researchers found, that will cut the global warming of your diet that day by about half. Yeah. And this is particularly important for the US because Americans, we go to the Golden Corral. We consume a lot of beef, a lot, about 300% more beef per capita than other countries according to the United Nations.


But we're not all eating that beef equally. Here's Diego. There's something going on there. Whenever we've looked at the question of gender, we've seen that men eat greater amounts of beef than women. Diego and other researchers. They looked at US government data, which provides this one day snapshot of thousands of Americans diets. They found that 12% of Americans eat so much beef that it adds up to half of the beef consumed in the US on a given day, that 12% disproportionately men. Mm, but other than me, I'm, I'm the exception to the rule on this. I had no idea.


Some women do eat a lot of beef too, but data shows it's more of the American men eating a lot of beef. And researchers say, for the climate, paying attention to men makes sense. Here's Anna Grumman, a professor at Stanford Medical School. Because men eat more beef, that means you're gonna, as a society, get more bang for your buck from the men changing their behavior. Reducing the amount of beef we eat is an important climate solution, especially for men who eat even more beef. But there are specific obstacles for men from powerful societal pressures and messaging for men to eat meat to misinformation about soy and protein.


Protein, protein, protein, which I feel like is a big misconception. More on beef, the climate, and men, when we come back.


This message comes from NPR sponsor mill. Reducing food waste is one of the most impactful things people can do for the planet, and the mill food recycler makes it easier to do at home. Mill turns, kitchen scraps and leftovers into dry grounds for home gardens. Or mill can get them back to a farm. Either way, it helps keep food waste out of landfills. Mill is built to be odorless, fully automated, and good for the kitchen and the planet. Visit mill.com. That's MIL l.com. To learn more,


This message comes From, NPR r sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer, registered investment advisor, member, SIPC


support for NPR. And the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions so you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


We're back with The, Sunday Story and NPRs Julia Simon talking about beef and the climate and men. Now, now, Julia, that Burger King commercial, we saw these ideas that men need to eat meat to be a real man. I mean, I, I do, I have seen this before. It's pretty widespread in our culture. It really is. And these ideas go way back. Men being associated with actually doing the hunting that connects us to our meat and meat consumption in a kind of primal way. This is Joshua Fetch historian at University of Notre Dame. Joshua says, red meat eating has long been connected to ideas about our primordial ancestors.


And there's marketing. Joshua says, pretty much as long as beef has been mass produced, that industry has used ideas of masculinity to sell beef to men. In the late 18 hundreds, canned beef companies sold beef with images of lumberjacks, minors, soldiers, and cowboys. They would depict visions of men who were like out there in the world making their own destiny. Then you had McDonald's Burger King be Like a man, man. But today, we don't just have commercials spreading those ideas. There's a whole new ecosystem of social media and podcasts out there, and I, I, I can't imagine what they out there saying.


Aisha, do you know about neat influencers? No, I have not heard of that. Okay. Well, these are a group of online personalities and celebrities often pushing the idea that men should eat lots of meat, often lots of red meat, beef to live up to their potential. Some of them are actually selling beef products, including supplements made of beef, Taste, soap more. This is Brian Johnson, also known as the Liver King, and he lives up to his name. He eats lots of liver. He's actually eating steak in that video. He's eating beef.


There are lots of diets in this world of meat flus. One of them is known as the carnivore diet, which typically involves eating mostly red meat, poultry, pork, seafood, dairy and eggs. Podcaster. Joe Rogan has also talked about the carnivore diet. The best I ever felt like literally the best I ever felt all throughout the day was when I was on the carnivore diet. Joe Rogan, by the way, has 14.5 million followers for his podcast. 81% of his audience is men. Okay? But, but, but there are lots of men in America who don't eat meat, right? Yeah, for sure. There are American men who are vegan, vegetarian, plant-based, which refers to people who primarily don't eat meat or dairy.


And there are men who reduce their meter beef. Some men cut it for their health or because they care about animal welfare or industry workers, they might reduce beef because they care about the environment or climate. But researchers say all these ideas in the media and in our culture that give men the message, you should eat meat. This can have an impact on behaviors. I talked to a lot of men for this story who reduced meat in their diet and many of them got questions or pushback like Malcolm, who saw the Burger King commercial as a kid. Women, not so much at all, like, no pushback at all. But yeah, men were the ones that I had to like, in a way convince.


Malcolm Is a basketball player. He made it to Colgate University to play division one basketball, but his junior year, he injured his ankle and that got him thinking about how healthy he was and inspired by a family friend. He decided to cut meat from his diet for his health. When he told his teammates and coaching staff, You're not gonna eat any meat. Like this is, like, this is, you're really doing this. Like, it's just a lot of like skepticism. Malcolm, he's going into his senior year. He needs to be in peak performance on the court. His teammates are asking Malcolm, how is he going to get enough protein without meat? The protein question is, it comes up all the time. Like it, you wouldn't believe it. Yeah, that's what I mean.


That's what I always hear. The the protein. You gotta get protein. It turns out, Aisha, you actually don't need meat to get enough protein. And we're, we're gonna talk about that more in a bit. But Aisha, there are lots of false and misleading ideas that some men say, make it harder for them to reduce the amount of beef they eat. I'm going to run you through for, All right, so, so what is the first myth that you're going to be debunking today? The first is pretty basic, but it's the idea that humans have always eaten a lot of beef. We might think of eating lots of beef as this primordial activity, but in reality, for the majority of human history, most people didn't eat nearly as much beef as we eat today.


It was the late 18 hundreds that things started changing, particularly in America with a few key innovations. Here's historian Joshua fetched. One is the railroad, right? So, so goods and people can move further faster than ever before. So you can move things like cattle, then slaughter the cattle and move cans of beef, fresh beef, the other invention or refrigerators. Now your meat doesn't go bad so quickly. By the early 19 hundreds Americans were eating a lot of meat and a lot of beef. So beef as a special occasion, food becomes an all the time food. Okay, so, so this idea of the caveman and you know, Fred Flintstone with that big old, you know, hunk of meat, that, that, that's not legitimate.


He could not have had meat like that every single day. You know, three meals a day. No, our ancestors did not have railroads or refrigeration. No. Okay, so that's the first misleading idea. What's number two? The second has to do with some of the health claims. You might hear from some of these meat influencers. Many maintain that primarily eating lots of red meat is good for your health, and many meat promoters make specific health claims about beef and red meat. Here's chiropractor Eric Berg, who has more than 12 million followers on YouTube. It's Difficult to heal and repair your body without animal protein, especially red meat.


And today, I'm gonna prove it, Berg notes on his website that he is not a medical doctor and he is not providing medical diagnosis or treatment. We reached out to Eric Berg, he did not respond to our request for comment, but I spoke to several nutrition experts for this story, including Frank who, chair of the Department of Nutrition at the Harvard School of Public Health, who says there's little evidence to support this claim. And also There is increasing evidence that eating too much meat is actually detrimental to health. Who Says diets high in red meat and low in whole grains and vegetables are associated with increased risk of diabetes? A spokesperson for the National Cattlemen's Beef Association, an industry lobby group maintains that beef has benefits.


In an email, a spokesperson said quote, research continues to show the important role, high quality protein like beef plays in a balanced diet. But returning to meat influencers, some of them don't just promote the benefits of eating lots of red meat. Some of them spread false and misleading views about eating certain plants, particularly soy, including the idea that soy can feminize men. Here's Joe Rogan describing that view Soy is one of the rare foods that's actually attached to being a bitch. I mean, wow. I mean, you know, I, so I I I would think you're about to clear this up right now 'cause this doesn't sound right to me.


Yeah, this needs context. This is the third misleading idea. I talked to Harvard Nutrition Professor Frank, who about this. Soy as well as some other plants contains an estrogen-like substance called phytoestrogen. All people, including men, make varying levels of estrogen, by the way. But as who explains, the effects of phytoestrogen are much, much weaker than the estrogen hormone in human bodies. Still, some men are afraid of consuming soy. It has a stigma. There's even a derogatory term for weak men called soy boys. It's a pretty popular term. I have not heard the term soy boy.


Okay, so I, I think we're at our final myth. What is it? It's the one we've been waiting for protein. Here's Malcolm, the division one basketball player who stopped eating meat in college. The protein question is, it comes up all the time like it, you wouldn't believe it. So, so this myth is basically that to get enough protein in your diet, you have to eat meat or it's very difficult to get enough protein if you don't eat meat. Yeah, and it turns out it isn't true. You can get protein from lots of different things, including plants. Here's DiUS Moaf professor at Tufts University and he mentions amino acids. Those are the building blocks of protein.


It seems that people are really obsessed with protein if someone wants to get protein. Amino acids are pretty much the same from any source, whether it's from plants or from animal sources. There are some variations in the relative amounts of different amino acids, but you can get complete proteins from plants, from, from dairy, from meats, from poultry, from eggs. If you can get enough protein. Are there any downsides for health If you don't eat meat, Frank, who at Harvard notes that for some people, including people with heavy periods, eating little to no meat may mean they need to take iron supplements, others reducing meat.


Particularly older people might wanna consult their doctors to see if they need to supplement vitamin B12. Frank says, for most people though, a healthy and balanced plant-based diet can normally provide enough iron, nutrients and protein. But look, Aisha, giving people the facts about protein is one thing researchers say. That's just the start towards getting people to eat less beef, getting people to change their diets. That will require a whole lot of new messaging. I think it's one of the greatest communication challenges of all time. When we come back and NBA player reduces his meat eating Dribble into body. Leave the cows, whoever alone, leave them animals alone.


Stay with us.


Support for NPR. And the following message come from IXL Online is your child asking questions on their homework? You don't feel equipped to answer. IXL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality, one subscription gets you everything one site for all the kids in your home. pre-K to 12th grade make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and NPR listeners can get an exclusive 20% off I XL membership when they sign up today at I xl.com/npr.


This message comes from our sponsor, Granger. This is the story of the one as a maintenance engineer, he hears things differently to the untrained ear. Everything on his shop floor might sound fine, but he can hear gears grinding or a belt slipping. So he steps in to fix the problem at hand before it gets out of hand. And he knows Grainger's got the right product he needs to get the job done, which is music to his ears. Call click grainger.com or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.


Support for NPR. And the following message come from IXL Learning. IXL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality. Get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when you sign up today at ixl.com/npr.


We're back with The Sunday Story and NPRs Julia Simon discussing men beef and climate change. Before the break, we mentioned that researchers say changing diets will require new messaging. Julia, you started us off today with that one commercial from Burger King. I, I guess I understand you have one last commercial for me. I do. This is a commercial that started airing earlier this year. Andrew, our producer is gonna play it. Listen up. America Meat has problems and it's gonna take us meat eaters to solve them. So When the world says too much, you should describe this guy in the ad. He looks kind of like a big burly man and he's walking around aggressively.


Exactly. He was slapping a beef hamburger out of some guy's hand. He replaced it with a plant-based burger because this is an ad for the plant-based food company. Impossible Foods. Okay, let's go on. Because Now we can turn plants into burgers and hot dogs, even meatballs. Then someone offers the main guy a helmet and he gets on a motorcycle. We're solving the meat problem with more meat, impossible meat from plants. He gets on the motorcycle and he zooms off exploding. Exploding to the horizon. I showed this Impossible Foods ad to Gabriel Rosenberg.


He's a professor of gender studies at Duke University. Gabriel specifically studies gender and food and he thinks there's some very important symbolism going on here. He's this like, like older figure of like masculinity. He's teaching you how to be a man and then he's like explosively rural. It's basically just saying, men, you have permission to eat our product and still be manly and still be masculine. I wanted to ask the company about what they're trying to do with this ad. So I got on a Zoom with Peter McGinnis. He's the president and CEO of Impossible Foods. When he came to the company a few years ago, he learned about the customer base.


But the main thing Peter found is that there were people, they weren't reaching customers who see plant-based food and think it isn't for them. They see it as food for vegans and vegetarians. Peter wants it to be more inclusive. That really means more meat eaters to reach more of them. Peter says they needed to change the branding. I think we had the messaging wrong for a long, long time on all this stuff. Impossible Foods was founded to help curb climate change to reduce that huge amount of climate pollution from animal agriculture. But Peter says in their advertising, they are not leaning into climate. So you don't lead with that.


You don't hide it. But that's not your, you know, lead marketing horse. Yeah, because you know, climate change like so many other things has become politicized and kind of a part of the culture wars. It's true. And Peter doesn't want his customers to associate his product with politics at all. We don't want anything partisan, political, weird. They change the packaging from green, often associated with environmentalists to red. So it looks like red meat. So we're leaning into that, right? All those meat cues, They wanna make a big tent to welcome meat eaters. Impossible Burgers were designed to look and taste like beef burgers.


For that reason. Researchers told me that diets that are very high and highly processed plant-based meats can sometimes not be good for health either. But psychology researchers say ads like this are important. They can broaden social acceptance for plant-based foods to shift diets away from beef shifting social norms will be key. So this is the court you sometimes come to You. Yeah, we'll come out here sometimes. Play a little bit one on one, do some spot shots. Nice little bit. Yeah, yeah. I'll try to not hit hit. Okay, so, so Julia, this is the sound of you poking around at the practice with an NBA player.


That's right. When I was in LA I met up with Jalen Hood, Cino point Guard for the Los Angeles Lakers. Peter there I just catch dribble to body. I got to watch Jaylen and his trainer Gabriel, prepare for the upcoming season. One, Two. I'm not even, it's three dribbles. So it's not like I can sitting there and just go crazy. And I was there to talk to him about his diet because he is plant-based, Jaylen's 21 in high school. He started cutting meat from his diet. He had many motivations, including his health ethics, animal welfare, Just how our lives are important. Animals' lives are important as well. So leave the cows, whoever alone, leave him animals alone.


And So what was he thinking about climate change when he cut out meat For Jalen, like many people, climate wasn't his main motivation, but he says he's happy to help. I mean, I'm human, so I'm definitely a part of this environment and you know, while I'm here, I definitely wanna make the world a better place and live in a healthier environment. Jaylen's change to a plant-based diet was mostly self-directed. But Jalen like you, Aisha grew up in North Carolina. The birthplace of a very famous NBA point guard. You wanna guess who I'm talking about? Point Guard. The only person I know from North Carolina is, is Michael Jordan.


Oh man. Okay. Well there's another one. There's another. Oh, okay. She's sometimes called the point, God, I dunno. CP three. Oh, Chris Paul. You got it. You got it. Okay. Three seconds, two seconds. Paul the pull up, He Nails it. Correct. Point guard for the San Antonio Spurs. He's been in the NBA since 2005, a long time. And since 2019, Chris Paul has been plant-based. When Jalen was in high school, he went to Chris Paul's basketball camps, Going to his camps and everything. He would have two sides.


He'll have like regular food, then he'll have his vegan chef cook the vegan meal. So during that time in high school, I was still obviously kind of dibbling dabbling, but I would always go to the vegan side to try that food. So I was already hip to it. So I would eat the vegan food and I would kind of just ask him questions about, you know, the vegan diet. And he would al always talk about how, you know, that helped his longevity in the NBA and how much energized he felt. Jalen says, seeing the Chris Paul go plant-based, it didn't hurt his choice to do it himself. Definitely seeing him do that was definitely cool to see. And I'm excited that, you know, he's on that lifestyle and you know me now, being a part of that is, you know, dope Researchers say seeing a famous athlete or someone in your circle of friends or family reduce meat first, that can make it seem more socially acceptable.


So the way to get some people eat less meat is to get other people to eat less meat. This is Daniel Rosenfeld, a food and psychology researcher at UCLA, like Malcolm. He also decided to cut out meat in college and he got teased. He says, A lot of guys reducing meat hear stuff like this. Associating meat, eating with strength. I asked Jalen about this. Had anyone told him he was weak when he cut out meat? I never really heard weak because in a humble way. But if you ask anyone that I'm playing against, a lot of people are gonna say, when it comes to the basketball court, I'm one of the strongest players that you're gonna come across. He says he hopes to someday be a role model for kids if they might be interested in eating less meat or plant-based diets Don't fall for the okie-doke.


You can live a really good plant-based life, a healthy life and feel the best. Just some type of salt and pepper to Start. A few weeks ago I went to Canoga Park Los Angeles to meet that kid who saw the Burger King commercial Malcolm Redford. We went straight into the kitchen. Okay, first things first, we're gonna get this pan nice and high. Okay. After playing division one basketball in New York, Malcolm came back to LA and became a plant-based chef. He just released a cookbook. One of the recipes is a vegan quote unquote steak. The star of the show is not beef, of course.


So Lime made mushroom. It looks, looks and feels like a lions made go. Go ahead, feel it, feel It. Hundreds of thousands of people follow him on social media. When Malcolm talks to guys who follow him, he sometimes hears suspicion about plant-based foods or reducing meat in diets. He gets the connections to meats like beef or deep and cultural and that it can be hard to let go. But he tells them All this other stuff that you think is attached to eating a certain way. It's not as important as you may think. I talk to so many climate people and they tell me over and over again, if a person wants to reduce their impact on climate change, eating less beef is one of the best things you can do.


Helping people switch away from beef will require making sure other options, plant-based options are accessible. And for Malcolm, he wants to make sure plant-based foods are easy to make and delicious. Okay, what's next? We are ready to serve it up now. Oh, Amazing. Censor the sound of me chewing. Well, Malcolm, I've done it. I the entire steak almost by myself. That's exactly, that's exactly what we wanted. That's how you know it was a success, A good steak. Yes, Absolutely. I'm very glad you enjoyed it. I really did. Oh, so Julia, you really enjoyed this mushroom steak.


I Did, I did. I ate pretty much all of it. I don't know. Aisha, you gotta try it. Okay, well, I, I, I, I think I'll, I think I'll try it. Maybe You'll try it. I, I'll give it a try. Thank you so much for bringing us this report in. I really appreciate it. Thank you, Aisha. That's NPR Climate Solutions reporter, Julia Simon. This episode was produced by Andrew Mambo and edited by Jenny Schmidt. The reporting for this episode was brought to us by NPR R'S Climate Desk and Chief Climate Editor, Nila Banerjee. The engineer for this episode was James Willits.


Special thanks to Nicolette Cone, Allison Aubrey, Selena Simmons, Duffin Danielle, Kurt s Laben, Jerry Holmes and Arielle Redding. The. Sunday Story team includes Justine Yan. Our supervising producer is Leanna Strom. And Irene Na Gucci is our executive producer. I'm aye Rosco. upfirst is back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also support NPRs vital journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes From, NPR r sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America Company. What would you like the power to do investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.