
Thousands of displaced Lebanese citizens return to their homes in the southern part of the country As a ceasefire between Israel and Lebanon continues into its fourth day. I'm Scott Simon. And I'm Eric Deens. And this is upfirst from NPR News. In many cases, the homes the refugees are headed to are no longer there. We'll have more on that story. Plus Ireland is counting the votes from an election that revolve largely around housing. It's very difficult to get like the home in Ireland. Like all of my mates live a home with their parents, even the ones in good jobs. And we'll check in on Texas Republicans who have strengthened their majority in the State House. Stay with us. We have the news.


You need to start your weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva, maker of quality, handcrafted mattresses, founder and CEO. Ron Russon shares one of their core values. At Safa, we believe sleep does unlock a superpower. When you wake up and you're totally refreshed, you go after things more. And it all starts with being on the right mattress. And that's what Safa has been inspired by from the day that we started. Visit SA tva.com/npr and save up to $600.


This message comes from better health. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls, and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with better help. try@betterhelp.com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from strawberry.me, making personal coaching accessible to everyone. strawberry.me certified coaches help you gain clarity, set goals, create a plan, and then keep you focused on realizing the life you've envisioned. A personal coach will empower you to create lasting positive changes and unlock your full potential. If you are ready to turn dreaming into doing, visit strawberry.me/ NPR to get 20% off your first month membership. That's strawberry.me/ NPR.


The Israeli military has ordered Lebanese refugees to keep away from the southern part of the country for Now, but many of them are traveling there anyway despite the security risks. And Here's Lauren Freyer is in the southern Lebanese city of Naia. Lauren, thanks for being with us. Thanks for having me. Scott, What do you see? I'm in a village called Kfar on a hill across from a crusader castle. This area has lots of history. Every building has been damaged. Most of them have no windows. The balconies have been blown off. There's a car that's burned on the road right next to me. There's a 200 50-year-old mosque that was hit by an Israeli airstrike. I'm looking at this white stone Minette toppled on its side loudspeakers that normally broadcast the call to prayer are bent and twisted.


I met a man whose home was destroyed in the last Israel Hezbollah war. In 2006, Hezbollah paid to rebuild his house. Now it's been destroyed again. He's confident that same Hezbollah agent with a clipboard will show up, survey the damage and give him a check. But the pace of rebuilding could be a lot slower this time because the damage is just orders of magnitude greater. What do you hear from people who are heading south? There was jubilation when this ceasefire was announced, but a lot of people are still trying to get home because Israeli troops have cordoned off huge areas of southern Lebanon. They have 60 days to withdraw, and they've published maps with a list of villages where people are not allowed to return.


They're under curfew, and so people are in limbo. The Hezbollah leader gave a speech last night declaring this as a divine victory, but it doesn't feel like that for people who can't get home. Israeli troops are still operating in a sort of area of olive groves between where I am and this crusader castle in the distance. It's a strategic vantage point. How does the truth seem to be holding? I mean, both sides say it is holding, but there have been several Israeli airstrikes. There's been artillery fire, there's been gunfire. Israel says it's detected violations by Hezbollah and is acting to enforce the ceasefire. Lebanese officials accuse Israel of breaking it. They say returnees with cars loaded up with belongings are being mistaken for militants.


Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu, gave his one of his first interviews since the ceasefire took effect. He spoke to Israeli media saying this ceasefire may well be very short, and that Israel is prepared for an intensive war if Hezbollah violates its terms. Lauren, let me ask you about the renewed fighting This week in Syria because rebels say they now control much of Aleppo. What? What do you know about this? Yeah, so this is the latest chapter in fighting that really began with Syria's civil war in 2011 and has continued on and off ever since. Opposition forces have been battling their way toward Aleppo Syria's second largest city for days. And now they've entered the city and that's the first time that they have attacked Aleppo with such strength Since 2016 when when opposition forces insurgents were ousted from Aleppo by government forces, it might sound like an unrelated matter, but the Syrian government forces are backed by Iran and so is Hezbollah.


So the idea is that while Iran and its proxies, Hezbollah have been so preoccupied with Lebanon and the war here, they've lost real ground elsewhere. Their other interests in the region. And Paris, Lauren Freyer in Southern Lebanon. Thanks so much. You're welcome. Scott. Exit polls in Ireland show a tight race between the top three political parties. At least two of them will likely have to form a coalition to win a majority in the country's parliament. NPR s Faba Al Kassab joins us from Dublin. Thanks for being with us. Thanks Scott. What do we know about the results so far?


So we've got the exit poll, which came out last night just as the polls closed. And that's given us an indication of the vote share. And then vote counting began this morning. The initial suggestion from the exit poll is that Shin Fein, this is the party that used to be the political wing of the Irish Republican army. The IRA has a narrow lead over the two big center parties. That's Vina, Gale and FINA fall, but it is pretty tight between all three. Turnout also looks to be down on last time yesterday was really quite wet and windy. And from the exit poll data, it does look like that affected how many people turned out. And and I know you've spoken with voters. What did they tell you that was on their minds? Yeah, so I spoke to voters yesterday outside a polling station in Dublin and they pretty much all said that the biggest issue for them was housing, no matter their age or background.


Here's Valerie Shields Housing is the ma the main issue. And there's a lot of families with small children living in guest houses and Hotels. And 24-year-old Owen McNeil said the same Housing. Like I have no hope of like, I mean, well not no hope, but it's, it's very difficult to get outta like the the home in Ireland. Like all of my mates basically. Yeah, live at home with their parents. Even the ones in good jobs. Ireland is actually a very rich country. It's generated a huge income from corporation taxes, which has made it one of the richest in Europe, but people aren't really feeling it. The high cost of living was actually the second biggest issue for voters according to the exit poll.


And any of the parties in particular campaign on lowering housing prices. Yeah, housing is the issue that's really helped propel hin Fein. In fact, commentators here this morning were saying we can even look at the vote for hin Fein as a housing vote, a single issue vote. And that's especially true among young voters. Hin Fein has a lot of support among younger voters and the parties made big gains in recent years because of its promises on housing. What whatever happens in the next couple of days, it's clear that the days of two parties dominating Irish politics are over. Xin Fein was on the up in the last election in 2020 when it surprised everyone and it won the popular vote. And this time round, it looks like it's confirmed its place at the top with the two traditional parties.


When do you think we might get a full picture of the vote? So we're in for a long weekend of, of counting votes. It's a system of proportional representation, so it could take some time. Full results are expected by the end of the weekend, but it might not be until next week, potentially even in the new year till we get a government formed. And that's because there needs to be negotiations about forming a coalition and that that can take some time. The most likely scenario is that even if HIN Fein wins the most votes, that's what happened last time. The two big parties, these are the traditional parties that have governed Ireland for over a century. Fina, Gale and Fina four fall will go into coalition again. Although this time the exit poll seem suggests that their vote share is down, so it might actually be harder for them to cobble together a majority N Ps Fatah SAB from Dublin.


Thanks so much for being with us. Thanks Scott. Immigration enforcement, private school vouchers and anti-abortion measures. Those Are some of the priorities for Texas State lawmakers for the coming year. Blaze Gainey is the state capital reporter for the Texas newsroom and joins us from Austin. Good morning, blaze. Good morning. Thanks for having me. Sure. So let's start with the big one, border and immigration. One of Trump's campaign promises is to deport millions of undocumented immigrants. Texas is a border state. They clearly have to play a part in that. How do they plan to do it? Well, they already have a program going called Operation Lone Star.


They've spent $11 billion on that program. It was created in March of 2021 by governor Greg Gatt to respond to the rise in illegal immigration because he said President Biden's administration wasn't doing enough. He's bust tens of thousands of migrants to blue states, deployed miles of razor wire along the border and extended a floating buoy barrier in the Rio Grande. And Abbott was recently on Fox News. Here's what he had to say on immigration. We just wanna make sure that the Trump administration understands we are here to help what, whether it be to deny illegal entry, whether it be to arrest those who are here illegally, whether it be to assist in the deportation process. So if Trump increases border patrols, then that could free up Texas from having to invest so much of its own resources.


Okay. Well it sounds like they're eager to pitch in. Yeah, exactly. Another way we might see that play out though is the state's general land office offered the incoming Trump administration more than 1400 acres of South Texas borderland to quote construct deportation facilities. But there's already been a lot of pushback on mass deportation, not only from immigrant advocates, but business leaders as well. They say it could be dangerous for the economy and workforce. Okay. Well, another big issue. Vouchers that give parents taxpayer money to pay for private schools. Now, last month, voters in Kentucky, Colorado, and Nebraska rejected ballot questions on this issue, but Texas leaders say it's a top priority for this legislative session.


Tell us more. Yeah, I mean, vouchers have been a big ticket item in several states. There's already 16 states with a program so far. Texas is not one of them. The governor has been trying to pass a bill since 2023 with no luck. He even called three special sessions for it, but it never got passed. But this election cycle, he was successful in getting several of the rural Republicans that voted against it out of office. We'll have to wait and see, but at the time it does look like he has the votes. Okay, well what else are you hearing might be a priority? Yeah, so making a return from 2017 session is the bathroom bill. It restrict the use of public restrooms and locker rooms to be used only by a person whose sex on their birth certificate matches what's on the sign.


And this would only apply to government owned buildings. And another bill that's been filed focuses on stopping people from getting medications associated with abortions. The goal is to prevent people from ordering these pills online. So Blaze, Texas lawmakers don't go into session for another month, but they've already filed a lot of bills. Why are they doing this? Yeah, I mean, they filed nearly 2000 bills so far, but it should be noted that not a lot of bills actually passed Last session. 8,000 bills were filed and less than 1300 of those were passed and signed by the governor. So the lawmakers can brag about introducing legislation or this or that, but those bills probably don't stand a chance.


and you know the saying better late than never? Well, with bills it's better early than late because the earlier the bills get filed, the more time you have to bring all sides to the table to discuss any issues the bill might have. And then you can get amendments tackled on to fix 'em. Hmm. Better early than late. That sounds like a good model for journalists too. I agree. Blaze Ganey is the state capitol reporter for the Texas Newsroom. Blaze, thank you so much for joining us. Thank you. And that's upfirst for Saturday, November 30th, 2024. I'm Scott Simon. And I'm Eric Deens. Our producer is Fernando Naro with help from Chris Thomas. Our director is Michael Radcliffe.


Our editors are DEI Skanky, Miguel Macias, Acacia Squires, and Matthew Sherman. Hannah GL is our technical director with engineering support from Nisha Highness, Andy Hether and Arthur Holiday. Lauren Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Lucy Oliver is our executive producer. And Jim Kane is our Deputy managing editor. So That's what he does tomorrow on The Sunday Story from upfirst host Isha Roscoe speaks with Montana Public Radio's. Nick Mott about the Endangered Species Act that was passed more than half a century ago. And for more news interviews, sports and music, you can tune in to Weekend edition on your radio. Go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station and I'll be listening to you tomorrow morning.


Eric All, right


Support for NPR and the following message come from GiveWell. Over 100,000 donors have used GiveWell to donate more than $1 billion. Find out more or make a donation@givewell.org. Select how you heard about Give Well by Choosing Podcast and enter NPR at checkout.


This message comes from Warby Parker prescription eyewear. That's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This Message comes from Total wine and more. Discover a new favorite Chardonnay sparkling wine or gin and you'll discover something special. Total wine and more love what you find. Drink responsibly. B 21.