
Hi, a Hello. Good morning. It's Monday. Oh wait, not good morning. You don't like good morning. You can stuff your good morning in a sack. You're so rude. Tens of thousands of Palestinians are walking back to Gaza City for the first time since the war began. But the joy of return is mixed with bitter sadness. Entire neighborhoods are now reduced to rubble. I'm Layla Fal. That's a Martinez. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. A new proposal by Florida Governor Ron DeSantis would give local law enforcement officials the power of immigration agents. People Are gonna be afraid of police officers.


People are gonna be afraid to report crimes. But with state Republicans calling the proposal premature, which rules are likely to pass. And rebels backed by Rwanda have captured the city of Goma in Eastern Congo. The violence has roots in the Randan genocide of the 1990s. Stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your


day. This message comes from Comedy Central's, the Daily Show. John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are kicking off 2025 with brand new episodes covering a brand new administration and a not quite brand new president. While it may feel like history is repeating itself, it's never been covered like this with John Stewart behind the desk kicking off every week. Comedy Central's the Daily Show, new weeknights at 11 on Comedy Central and streaming next day on Paramount Plus,


this message comes from NPR sponsor One Password, secure access to your online world. From emails to banking so You Can protect what matters most with one password. For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/ NPR.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, You can manage your wealth your way At Schwab. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more


Today, tens of thousands of Palestinians in Gaza are returning home for the first time in more than a year. This march home to Gaza City and other places in the north is a huge moment for families who've been displaced in the war. It comes after Hamas and Israel agreed last night to an additional exchange of hostages and prisoners and detainees with more people expected to be freed in the coming days. We're joined now by international correspondent, a bati who's been following this closely from Dubai. So let's start with the people returning to Gaza City this morning. Take us back to why they were displaced at all. Hi. A yeah. I mean, look, a few days after Haas Milton's attacked Israel on October 7th, 2023, Israel ordered Palestinians to leave their homes in Gaza City and the North.


And so more than a million people heated those orders leaving with just a few belongings and many never imagined it would be 16 months of displacement. And during the war, Israeli forces carved out this miles wide corridor isolating Gaza city in the north from the rest of the territory. But today, troops partly withdrew allowing people to return. And this is a direct result of complex talks happening regarding the release of hostages and prisoners in the ceasefire. And So a, for the first time since I've been reporting on this war, I could hear a level of join Gaza I have not heard before. And You can hear an NPR producer, Anna Baba's voice. I reached him by phone as he was walking among huge crowds back to his home in Gaza City.


Have a listen. I only wanna walk to my house to Gaza City. Just the happiness inside you, driving you all the way. I'm feeling truly that every single step that I'm taking is truly taking me to the heaven, not gal. It just like after all of that patience, after all of that missing for Gal City, now being against, You know, we've been hearing his great reporting on all of this for over a year. So it's, it's really nice to hear the joy in his voice. But what will he be going back to? Yeah, I mean, look, Israeli airstrikes have destroyed tens of thousands of buildings and survivors of these airstrikes tell us that under the rubble, our entire families, thousands of bodies that have not been retrieved the UN also says there are unexploded bombs Amid all this debris posing a huge risk to people.


But Anna says, people in Gaza have been living without electricity or adequate shelter for over a year now displaced in other parts. So they're ready to set up tents atop the rubble of their homes, and they will be heavily relying on un aid for basics like food and water. And there's also this reality a many people are returning without those they left with parents are returning without all of their kids and children are returning without their parents. Thousands of Palestinians were killed while they were seeking shelter in southern parts of Gaza in the war Right Now, what's the reaction in Israel been to the ceasefire deal so far? Well, many in Israel are relieved that hostages are being freed in the ceasefire, and there will be three additional people freed this week.


That's out of 90, still held in Gaza, many believe to be alive. Hamas has already freed seven Israeli women in exchange for nearly 300 Palestinians held in Israeli prisons just in the first week of the ceasefire. But there are also people on the far right in Israel angry with this deal. They want Israel to return to war. And they argue that this deal leaves Hamas and power. It's also worth mentioning a, this isn't the only ceasefire in place in the region right now. The one that halted fighting between Israel and Lebanon's Hezbollah group was just extended for three more weeks. That's despite more than 20 people killed in Lebanon yesterday, trying to return home to their villages in or near areas still controlled by Israel. It's NPR. Isaiah bat, join us from Dubai.


Thank you very much. Thank you. Florida is one of several states where Republicans are considering action to help President Trump with his pledge for a mass deportation of immigrants who do not have legal status. Governor Ron DeSantis has called lawmakers to a special session today to take up his proposals, including one that would require local officials to help carry out deportations or face suspension. NPRs Greg Allen joins now from Miami. So Greg, what does Governor DeSantis have in mind? Well, a, you'll recall that DeSantis ran for the Republican presidential nomination against Donald Trump and they were rivals, but now they're working together and Trump has expressed support for this special session.


DeSantis says he talked to Trump about his plans on immigration before the inauguration and says illegal immigration has resulted in massive cost to the American people. Clearly, I don't think you could have a stronger mandate for action on the issue of immigration than what we have right now. And Florida leads Among the proposals that DeSantis wants is one that would require counties and cities to participate in the federal deportation program. And it would give him the authority to suspend any officials who don't comply, including those who are elected. He wants to make it a state crime to enter the US illegally. He also wants to require people to show ID and their immigration status before sending money back home, which would essentially prohibit anyone who's here without legal status from sending any money in remittances back to their home country.


So Which of these proposals are lawmakers expected to pass? Well, at this point, it's not clear if they're gonna pass anything this week as governor DeSantis has the authority to convene a special session. But when he called this one Republican leaders in the State House and Senate pushed back immediately, they said taking up immigration at this time is premature. In their words, in their letter, the the House speaker and Senate president told DeSantis, when it comes to immigration, we are strong supporters of President Trump and stand ready to follow his lead. So this really isn't just about immigration. This is about a governor who's been accused of being heavy handed with members of his own party in the past and is now in his last term and might not have the political clout he once did. Florida Has a lot of immigrants.


Greg, I mean, so what does this mean for them? Well, one out of every five Floridians is an immigrant. The executive orders and actions taken by the Trump administration so far have many immigrant communities here. Shaken. Tessa Petit who heads the Florida Immigrant Coalition says if it passes DeSantis proposal to turn local law enforcement into immigration, agents will only increase that fear. People are gonna be afraid of police officers. People are gonna be afraid to report crimes. That's going to create a very strong divide between law enforcement and community members. Petit also says blocking remittances will send shockwaves not just through the immigrant communities here, but also to other countries like Haiti and Nicaragua that depend heavily on money from people in the us.


Yeah. Now what's likely to happen this week you think? Well, you know, at least for now, governor DeSantis says he's focused on immigration and could call lawmakers back into another special session if they don't take action now. But Republican leaders say the legislature will meet for its regular session in just over a month, and they want deal with immigration and other issues on their schedule. And during that session, if they, they have their rights, it's clear immigration is gonna be a big issue though in legislatures across the country. This year, a Republican LED states are looking at many of these proposals being considered in Florida. For example, Tennessee's legislature is also meeting today to discuss immigration. So a state led by Democrats are, are are responding.


They're going to court to challenge some of the executive orders and policies and immigration coming from the Trump administration. So this is gonna be going on for all the year it looks like. Yeah. The NPR is Greg Allen in Miami. Greg, thanks a lot. You're welcome. An Eastern Democratic Republic of Congo Rebels, backed by troops from neighboring Rwanda, have claimed control of the eastern city of Goma. After days of intense combat, the Congolese army has collapsed, and the rebel group called M 23 say they have captured the city, which is home to some 2 million people. Emmett Livingstone joins us now from Goma. Emmett, describe the scene for us where you're at.


Streets are completely empty where I am at the moment in Central Goma. Over the last few days, artillery could be heard coming from the outskirts of the city, And that transitioned into a constant crackle of small arms fire last night, which I'm still hearing as we speak. Goma has been without electricity for two or three days, so most people are cowering indoors and struggling to charge their phones. Water shortages are also prevalent and shops are closed. There's been a mass breakout at the prison in Goma, and many soldiers have fled or are in hiding. Though the rebel group is claiming that they're in control of Goma. The government so far hasn't communicated. So tell us more about how this whole conflict developed in the first place and about the rebel group M 23. So it's a very complicated story, but zooming way out, a lot of the violence in Eastern Congo has its roots in the Rwandan genocide in 1994 between the Hutu and Tootsie ethnic groups, which then spilled over into Congo.


The M 23 has its roots in Tootsie led rebellions in Congo. The group captured Goma very briefly in 2012 and then went underground, but it launched a major rebellion again in 2021. It says that it's fighting to protect minorities. The UN says that the group's latest rebellion though, has been supported heavily by Rwanda, which is de facto invaded Congo and has thousands of soldiers operating alongside the M 23. And they're also using very sophisticated weaponry. On Sunday, they were flying an attack drone over the battlefield. Congo has broken off relations with Rwanda and withdrawn diplomatic staff. Tell us about why this is happening in this particular region. No one can say for sure why this is happening, and especially why Rwanda is so heavily involved.


But analysts say that Rwanda wants a say in Eastern Congo, which is an area full of mineral riches. And they point out that Rwanda wants to apply maximum pressure on the Congolese government. Regional dynamics are also likely at play with Rwanda competing for influence in the region against rival states. So How is the international community responding to this? Un peacekeepers and Western private military contractors have been fighting alongside the Congolese army as well as troops from African allies such as South Africa, Tanzania, Malawi, and Burundi. But with the collapse of the Congolese army, these defenders are no longer in action. On Sunday night, the un, the US and France called on Rwanda to withdraw. But so far no international sanctions have been levied on Rwanda.


And Rwanda for its part says the fighting near the border is a threat to its security and requires it to maintain. And I quote, a sustained defensive posture, at least six un peacekeepers have been killed. So that's a testament to the severity of the fighting. The military governor of North Kivu province was also killed on the frontline. So what happens now? Right now, M 23 and Rwanda haven't fully subdued Goma, though it's almost certain that they will, they're also advancing in the neighboring province of South Kivu. So there's a real danger of the conflict growing bigger and bigger. There's also a danger of an all out multi-state war in central Africa. Congo hasn't yet declared war on Rwanda, nor vice versa. But the risks of that happening are now ratcheting up.


Many worried that the impact on civilians would be catastrophic. That's Emmett Livingstone reporting from Goma in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Emett, thank you. Thank you. And one more story before we go. The matchup for Super Bowl 59 has been set. The Kansas City Chiefs will meet the Philadelphia Eagles in two weeks. And because I know so much about sports, I'm just gonna bring a in here to explain this to us. What do I need to know? Well, I'm sure you already know this, Layla, but for the Kansas City Chiefs, it'll be their fifth Super Bowl in sixth seasons. They actually beat Philly. Of course, I know that. Yeah. Philly, a couple of seasons ago in the Super Bowl. But here's the thing, Kansas City is going for its third straight Super Bowl title.


That is something no team has ever done in history. Not even the great Tom Brady has been able to do that. So we'll see. We'll see if the Kansas City Chiefs can actually make history in Super Bowl 59 in New Orleans. And that's a first for Monday, January 27th, the May Martinez. And I'm Layla Fal for your next Listen, consider. Consider this. The team behind NPRs All Things Considered goes deep into a single news story in just about 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcast. Today's episode of A First was edited by Jerome Sokoloski, Larry Kaplow, Russell Lewis, DEA Williams and Alice Wolfley was produced by Ziat bch, Nia Dumas and Claire Murashima.


We get engineering support from Nisha Ness and our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us again tomorrow.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Washington Wise. Decisions made in Washington can affect your portfolio every day. Washington Wise From Charles Schwab is an original podcast that unpacks the stories making news and how they may affect your finances and portfolio. Host Mike Townsend and his guests explore policy initiatives for retirement, savings, taxes, trade, and more. Download the latest episode and follow At Schwab dot com slash Washington wise, or wherever you listen.


This message comes from NPR sponsor one, password. Protect your digital life with one password. If you're tired of family members constantly texting you for the passwords to streaming services, one password lets you securely share or remove access to logins, access from any device anytime. One password lets you securely switch between iPhone, Android, Mac, and PC with convenient features like autofill. For quick sign-in right now. Get a free two week trial for you and your family at one password.com/npr.