
Who is the United States sending to Guantanamo? We have some idea now that the US has sent migrants to that base and back out. Our correspondent tells us what court filings reveal about some migrants removed from this country. I'm Hel Martin with Steve Inskeep. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. Israeli authorities received four bodies yesterday from Hamas. Israel says they do not know the identity of one of the bodies. They also did not receive the body of a mother who was supposed to be delivered with her children. How might Israel respond? Here In the United States? The Trump administration laid off some FEMA workers and people involved in the emergency management agency tell NPR it's backing off. Work on building codes to make buildings more resilient.


What's changing and why? Stay with us. We've got the news You need to start your day.


Support comes from our 2025 lead sponsor of upfirst Amazon Business. How can you free your team from time consuming office tasks? Amazon Business empowers leaders to not only streamline purchasing, but better support their teams. Smart business buying tools enable buyers to find and purchase items fast so they can focus on strategy and growth. It's time to free up your teams and focus on your future. Learn more about the technology, insights and support available at Amazon Business dot com.


This message comes from Fisher Investments. Senior Vice President Michael Hamar shares one way their fiduciary duty comes to life. When working with clients, We listen to our client's goals, their objectives, their personal needs, and we build a plan that puts their needs first. They wanna know what we're truly thinking about and how that thinking is being built into our plan for them, because that's how seriously we take our fiduciary responsibility. Learn More@fisherinvestments.com. Investing in securities involves the risk of loss.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR. We have a clearer picture this morning of how the Trump administration is using the US Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The United States recently sent a group of migrants to the base. Now they've been sent away on the way to their eventual destination, their home country of Venezuela, And we've learned some information about them along the way.


So let's go to NPR immigration correspondence. Segio Martinez. Beltran. Segio. Good morning. Good Morning, Steve. What do you know about this flight? Well, the Trump administration announced yesterday that 177 Venezuelans, who had been in Guantanamo way for a couple of weeks where we moved to Honduras. That's all about one of the migrants who had been detained there. Honduras was sort of a layover for them. The Venezuelan government met them later and flew them back home. And the migrant standard in Venezuela last night around 10:00 PM local time. Okay, so United States, Guantanamo, Honduras, Venezuela, zigzagging around the Caribbean and surrounding areas. So I wanna figure out what we've learned here. What do you know about who these people are or were?


So the administration had said, Steve, everyone sent Tomo were hardened criminals, And that many were members of awa, the Venezuelan gang. But now we know that's not true. In court documents released because of a lawsuit by the ACL U, the Trump administration admitted that nearly 30% of the detainees were considered low threat, illegal aliens. Many of the mothers of the detainees had been pushing back against that narrative. One of them is Joanna Roan. Her son had been accused of being a member of ua. I know my son has not committed a crime. He doesn't deserve to go through all of this just for trying to have a better future.


And I should say Steve NPR didn't find any criminal record for lan, and it appears at least a third of the people with him in Guantanamo had not committed crimes. Okay. So I guess some of them were accused of crimes. Some of them were not accused of crimes other than entering the United States illegally. Right. And they went to Guantanamo. Here's my next question. If they sent people to Guantanamo briefly only to send them onward to other places, it's a waste station. It's a transfer point. Well, what's the point? That's a good question. The administration knows that sending migrants tomo is very costly and very complicated logistically. But it's clear many of these migrants were used as part of a public relations operation by the White House. Most if not all of the people they sent Tomo had already been in detention during the Biden administration.


So these were not new RSDs. And when they were put on a plane, there were cameras, and those visuals were published across the world. It also tells us that Guantanamo will likely be a temporary detention facility that will be used to house migrants from countries where deportations might be more challenging. Okay. So they're sending a signal either to the US public or to future migrants about what they want to do to people who come to the United States. Another question now, Segio, what was the lawsuit that you mentioned earlier? Yeah, that lawsuit was filed by the A CLU because for a few weeks, no one knew where these migrants were. The family members had stopped hearing from their loved ones, and they assumed they had been transferred to Guantanamo, but the government never told them. And so the A CLU was alleging that the migrants did not have access to telephones to call attorneys or family members.


But despite this new development of removing people from Guantanamo, the A CLU says, the lawsuit continues. Last night I talked with the lead, A CLU attorney in this case, he told me the removal of all detainees won't stop the lawsuit unless the Trump administration tells the court they will not transfer anyone else to Guantanamo, NPC. Hiro Martinez Beltran, thanks for your reporting. Really appreciate it. You're Welcome. In Israel, authorities say a body returned by Hamas, a hostage is not who the militants claimed it to be. Among the four bodies handed over yesterday were supposed to be those of two young boys and their mother.


But after forensic testing, Israeli officials said the mother's remains were not among the bodies of the returned hostages. NPR, SIL l Cchi has been following events. Sil, good morning. Good morning. I just have to ask what, what happened? Yeah. Well, we know that Haes was supposed to return the bodies of Sheri Bibas. She was 32 when she was kidnapped. Her two young sons, Ariel, who was four at the time, and fear, who was just nine months old. Hamas also said they returned ODed Litz, who was 83. And then later in the day, Israeli officials said that forensic testing positively identified the bodies of litz and the two young boys. But the body that was supposed to be the kid's mother was what they said, quote, an anonymous unidentified body.


Mm. The Israeli military said that that body didn't even belong to any known hostage. And then in a statement today, Hama acknowledged there could have been an error. And the remains thought to be Shera. Biba says, could have been mixed with the remains of a Palestinian who was staying in the location where the hostages were being kept. Hamas is asking Israel to return the remains of that Palestinian. Now, you have to understand the Bibas family really became the symbol of Israeli pain after the attacks of October 7th. You know, the plight of the hostages, the, the boys were just so young. So the news did come as a shock to the country. And then another thing, Hamas has also been saying since the beginning of the war, that the Bibas family was killed in an Israeli airstrike in November, 2023.


But then Israeli officials said that the forensic testing showed that the family was actually killed by Hamas, but didn't say exactly how Each of these hostage returns, whether the people are living or dead has been horrifying in one way or another, and dismaying to people in Israel. So what does all this mean for, for the next steps? Another hostage exchange and the next phase of the peace talks? Yeah. So that next hostage exchange is supposed to happen tomorrow. And I have to say, you know, like the whole ceasefire has been so precarious. Just last week there was a chance the deal was gonna just fall all apart. When Hamas alleged Israel committed violations, Israel denied them. But it also looks like both sides wanna get this done, especially now with pressure from the United States.


So NPR talked to an Israeli official who's familiar with the matter, but they weren't authorized to speak publicly. And we were told that Israel is actually inclined to move ahead with Saturday's prisoner exchange. They said Israel just doesn't want to jeopardize the release of the Israeli hostages this weekend. But then the official also said, Israel is gonna take advantage that Sheri Bibi's body wasn't returned as a point of negotiation to ask for more hostage releases going forward. Haddi, what is this news of explosions in Tel Aviv in Israel that has come out on the same 24 hour period as the hostage exchange of the bodies returned? That's right. So three buses exploded in a suburb called Bat Yam. It's just south of Tel Aviv.


Luckily, no injuries were reported. The police said the buses were empty. They had just finished their routes. They were parked in lots around the city. Israeli police said it found explosives on two other buses, which didn't detonate. The bombs were the same type as those that had exploded. And bomb squads were able to diffuse them. No group claimed responsibility, but right away, prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office ordered the military to step up its incursions in the occupied West Bank. The military has escalated his airstrikes and raids there since the beginning of the ceasefire, especially around the city of Janine. Thousands of Palestinians have been displaced from their homes because of these attacks. And Israel says the operations are trying to root out militants.


NPR c Dichi. Thanks for your reporting. Really appreciate it. As always. You're welcome, Steve. In this country, president Trump's administration has brought its firings to fema, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the people who help local authorities and disasters, In addition to the firings people involved, tell NPR that FEMA is cutting back on its work to make homes and buildings safer before a disaster. This is also one of the agencies the president has talked of eliminating Lauren Summer with npr. R'S Climate Desk is covering this story. Lauren, good morning. Good morning. How many people were fired? So it's more than 200 employees.


That's what the Department of Homeland Security told me, and they oversee fema. These were workers on probationary status, which basically means they were within one year of taking the job, you know? But you know, I spoke to people that had been at the agency more of a decade, and they were only on probationary status because they accepted a promotion for a new job. You know, one told me the firings were like doing surgery with a chainsaw instead of a scalpel. Okay, so 200 firings, but it is an agency with thousands. So how would this affect their response in a disaster? Right? Yeah. So when disasters happen, it's really all hands on deck. At fema, they put hundreds of people on the ground to connect disaster victims and you know, enroll them for financial assistance.


You know, that's where things like renting a place to live or rebuilding long-term. Those FEMA staff come from every part of fema. And I talked to Michael Cohen, who was FEMA's chief of staff under the Biden administration, and he says the agency was already understaffed. We've been behind at FEMA as far as our recruiting goals, and now to let go. A whole year's worth of people who have been hired is only gonna put the agency in jeopardy. Last year during Hurricane Helene, FEMA had to use employees from other federal agencies to fill the gap because the need was so great from disaster survivors. Although didn't the president suggest that FEMA wasn't necessary when he was talking during the Los Angeles fires?


Yeah, he said disaster recovery is better left to the states, and he's actually creating a council that will review and potentially overhaul fema. You know, local and state governments actually already run disaster recovery and they request that FEMA come in. But aspects of FEMA's work are already changing because you know, one thing the agency does is help develop building codes. These are the construction standards that help home survive floods and hurricane winds. FEMA experts had already written recommendations about how to strengthen those codes. They were submitted to the International Code Council, which is an association that updates the codes every three years, and then local and state governments adopt them.


But FEMA has asked for its name to be taken off those recommendations. According to people who are involved with that work and spoke with me, they wanna remain anonymous over concerns about retribution from the Trump administration. And FEMA did not respond to our questions about why they made this request. This is really interesting reporting you have here, and I want to talk about this. There is a wider debate over building requirements. There are even liberals and progressives as well as conservatives who think we've made it too hard to build stuff And that it's bad for society. But I assume you're talking here about relatively narrow recommendations about how to make your house or your building survive a disaster. Yeah. Yeah. These are recommendations that come out of actual disasters, you know, seeing what hasn't worked.


It's things like maybe raising up a house a little bit. So flood waters don't come in and research really shows they add about one to 2% of the construction costs, but they've saved billions of dollars in damage that would've happened otherwise. N p's, Lauren Summer from our Climate Desk. Thanks so much. Thank you. And that's Upfirst for this Friday, February 21st. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Michelle Martin. Join Upfirst on Saturday. And then on Sunday in this same feed, our Sunday story goes deep. A journalist tries to understand his own father's belief in conspiracies. When all these things happen, then you will realize that I'm not as big a crackpot as you think I am, And that these are not conspiracy theories.


These are reality. Listen to The Sunday Story on the NPR app, or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Eric Westervelt, did Skanky Neela Banerjee, Rena Avani, and Jenea Williams. It was produced by Ziad bch, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Stacey Abbott and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Our executive producer is Kelly Dickens. We hope you'll join us again on Monday.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also support NPRs vital journalism and get Upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org.


Wait, wait, don't tell me Fresh Air Upfirst NPR News now. Planet Money. Ted Radio Hour throughline. The NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcasts You can enjoy. Sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.