
Hurricane Milton has stormed ashore in Florida. Millions are without power, and officials are warning of flash flooding and dozens of tornadoes. As the storm moves east across the state, we'll have the latest. I'm Layla Fal. That's Michelle Martin. And this is upfirst from NPR News on Lebanon's southern border with Israel. The Israeli military says they're conducting limited raids, but from the ground it feels like war. What does It mean for civilians? Trapped in the middle And recent polling by the NAACP shows a generational divide among black men. Most black men over 50 say they Support Kamala Harris this fall. But more than a quarter of younger black men said they favor Donald Trump.


Should Democrats be worried? Stay with us, we've got the News. you need to start your day.


This message comes from Capital one. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One na member FD I C.


This message comes from HubSpot. Growing a business means a lot of audience attracting lead scoring and long days. But with HubSpot, it's easier than ever. For marketers to remix content, boost leads and score customers fast. Learn more. ET hubspot.com/marketers.


This message comes from BetterHelp. Can you think of a time when you didn't feel like you could be yourself like you were hiding behind a mask? BetterHelp Online therapy is convenient, flexible, and can help you learn to be your authentic self so you can take off the mask because masks should be for Halloween fun, not for your emotions. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash npr Today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. HE p.com/npr.


Hurricane Milton is plowing across Florida Today with high winds, torrential rain, flooding and tornadoes. The hurricane made landfall last night near Sarasota ET Siesta Key as a category three storm with 120 mile per hour winds. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis warned communities in That part of Florida's west coast to be prepared for a historic storm surge. So the storm is here, it's time for everybody to hunker down. I know we've got massive amounts of resources. That have been prepared for this storm. Milton is still ET hurricane strength Today as it moves across the Florida Peninsula, bringing damaging winds, heavy rain and flash flooding. NPRs Greg Allen is here to tell us what he's seeing.


He's with us now from Brandon, Florida near Tampa. Good morning, Greg. Morning job. It's still early, but what can you tell us so far about Hurricane Milton's impact? Well, the first thing I can tell you is That. There's ET least 3 million people without power all along the coast. Here. That includes where I am in Tampa Bay, south through Sarasota and Fort Myers, where We have other NPR reporters stationed. Milton delivered the biggest storm surge to communities close to where the landfall is. It's hard to know how much yet, but Tide gauges showed a big storm surge in Venice. In Sarasota, a creek in Sarasota rose by eight feet very quickly after landfall. Yesterday, Saint Petersburg Also got a stunning 19 inches of rain. So flooding is certainly an issue That we'll all be dealing with in these low lying areas.


But We won't get a good assess on how bad it is until later. Today We saw a lot of damage and deaths even before landfall, though Milton bought an unusual number of powerful tornadoes. Governor DeSantis said there was 116 tornado warnings in Florida yesterday with 19 confirmed touchdowns in St. Lucie County. Over on Florida's east coast, the sheriff said there were deaths from tornadoes, That touchdown Wednesday. Search and rescue crews were out there working through the night. So We to keep watching for tornadoes. Today in Tampa Bay, We saw a lot of wind damage already a construction crane toppled into a building in St. Petersburg and high winds shredded the roof. ET a Tropicana field. Wow. That sounds so That sounds really devastating. you know the hurricane made landfall a couple of hours earlier than had been forecast What Did That mean for the communities.


That were in its path, Right? Well, you know, governor DeSantis said That. He thought It was good because it meant the storm came in before high tide, which could have made the inundation worse. But Also presented a challenge for first responders. It's gonna mean pretty much all the rescues are gonna be done in the dark in the middle of the night. But that's fine. They're gonna do That. All of our folks are doing That and they, they will be on target. you know, Greg, one of the things I was wondering about is That. Hurricanes usually lose power quickly after making landfall, but Milton was still ET hurricane strength. As It crosses through Florida. What impact could That have? As of now, It has now moved off the East Coast into the Atlantic, but it was so powerful when it came in That, even after weakening It still have hurricane force winds, so we're gonna see a lot of wind damage far from the coast in central Florida places That don't usually see those kind of wind speeds.


There's Also expected to be a flood of flash flooding 'cause of the torrential rain, which will cause rivers and creeks there to overflow. We've seen That in the past in central Florida, and despite the high winds, double DeSantis was costly, optimistic That. There would be less damage to buildings though than many feared because Milton had been a category five storm with 150 mile per hour winds. But a weekend before landfall and when We arrived, the winds were ET a still substantial 120 miles per hour. Here's the governor. It doesn't mean there's not storm surge It, doesn't mean there's not hazards there is. It's a serious, serious storm. But in terms of some of the damage That we're gonna see from wind, there just is a big difference between 1 41 50 and one 20.


you Know, modern buildings in Florida, descent has said are constructed to be able to withstand winds in the 120 mile per hour range. So we'll see Today. Alright, very briefly, this comes two weeks after Hurricane ween. Some prominent Republicans, mainly former President Trump, have criticized the federal response. They says it's failed. What? What are people saying down there? Well, governor DeSantis and his team are very complimentary of federal officials for the help and the resources they provide so far. And Deanna Criswell, the team ahead is here in Florida. That is NPRs Greg Allen in Brandon, Florida. Greg, thank you. And stay safe. Thank you. We're gonna turn now to the latest from Lebanon.


NPR has been reporting from the town of Marja, which is on Lebanon's border with Israel. Southern Lebanon is where the Israeli military is conducting a ground incursion. What it insists are limited raids on Hezbollah targets. There. Israeli airstrikes have killed more than 2100 people in Lebanon since the war began a year ago. NPRs er Peralta says he spent the night listening to outgoing rocket fire and air raids And Eder is on the line now to tell us more. Welcome Eder. Hey, Michelle. So What does the ground incursion Look like from where you are? Well, you know, Israel has said That, this would be a limited ground operation, but from here it feels like a war all day, all night, all We hear is the sounds of explosions.


We hear Hezbollah shooting rockets across the border. And a minute or two later, We hear the roar of Israeli planes in the booms of explosions. On the way over here, one of the roads We were on had been destroyed by a missile. There was a a hole in the middle. That was so big. That, two mangled cars fit inside of it. The streets here are desolate. Life has stopped, stores are closed, schools are closed. And the few people who were left seemed to just sit on their porches, smoking cigarettes, counting rockets, worrying about what's to come. Well, I Can, hear That. There are some people behind you. So there are a few people around. And I do understand That. You've been able to talk to them. What are they telling you? I mean? Most of the people who have stayed are older folks who think That, if they leave, they may never come back, or they're scared if they leave their house will be targeted by an air striker.


And they were surprised. That. We were here and happy to received visitors. So they've been inviting us into their homes. They've made coffee for us, they've given us chocolates, and everyone told me the same thing. We want peace. This is Namir who asked us only to use his first name so he could speak candidly, We're against war because We are involved in the war, not That. They asked. And He says, it feels like Hezbollah has dragged them into a conflict. That they want nothing to do with I. Also spoke to Nabi Laud, who is a teacher here, and what he said is That, he's s just tired of the constant disruption. He says, That growing up classes were often canceled because of war.


And here We are again, ET 71. He said he has never lived a good day. So I asked him, do you have hope That one day Lebanon might actually be Yeah. It depends on the shall I live still. That day, hopefully I'm hopefully always, Hm. These are rockets from Hezbollah. Three. you might hear one, four count some days ago. I counted 46, 46 after each other. And that's what life is like here right now. Everyone is worried. That things could get worse. A couple of days ago, Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned That, if Lebanese do not turn their back on Hezbollah, Lebanon would turn into Gaza.


And That is what everyone here is worried about. What about the sort of the basics of right now, like food, water, medical supplies, Yeah, I mean, as I said before, a lot of the people who are staying here are older. And right now there's no hospital, no doctors, not even a pharmacy is open. So I've heard a lot of worry from people. What happens if We get sick right now? you know there is food and there is water. It's hard to come by. But the UN says That, they haven't been able to create a humanitarian corridor because of the uncertainty they have about any attacks. It means That. The roads here are too dangerous. And they worry That, if this keeps up, the humanitarian situation here could become dire. That is N Ps. Ada Peralta and Marja Lebanon near the border with Israel.


Ada. Thank you. Thank you Michelle. So Layla, you are in Michigan now, which is a crucial swing state. Every vote really counts there. Who have you been talking with? Yeah, the team and I have been speaking to a lot of people across demographics and Today. We're focusing on black men in part because We know the margins matter in close elections like this one. And Black Voters help deliver the 2020 election to Biden. So both the Harris and Trump campaigns are vying for these votes. And last month the NAACP released a poll showing this really big generational divide among black men when it comes to who they might choose.


This fall, the poll found That. The vast majority of black men over age 50, say they Support Kamala Harris. But about one in four black men under age 50 say they're supporting Donald Trump. And That might be surprising because for decades now, most Black Voters have supported Democrats. So when you were out talking to people, Did, you hear a lot of Support for Donald Trump Yeah, it's really a mix. And really most Black Voters still do Support Democrats. But one of the places I visited was more than a half century old barbershop on the west side of Detroit. And there's where I met John Moore, who's been cutting hair there for more than 20 years. He's a lifelong Democrat and he finds Trump's rhetoric kind of dangerous, Make the country great again.


you know what I'm saying? What do you mean by That? you wanna make the country great again. So you want to bring back the Jim Crow days. you want to bring back antisemitism. We don't need That. So We don't need That, baby. He Also just thinks Harris is smart and a better candidate. What About people who say they'll vote for Trump? It was funny, Michelle, because Moore 71, and as soon as I got to men under 50 That tone of excitement, I I heard from him and others just wasn't as prevalent. Even the barber ET, the next chair told me he was kind of meh about the two candidates. You know, I'll be honest with you, I'm, I'm still on the fence. I might just not vote for nobody really. She talking about building a middle class. But I was like, what about the lower class? What are you gonna do to help the lower class I know after people I see every day a lower tier, lower class, not middle class, what's the solution for That?


And then I came across a group of longtime friends in their forties. That were hanging out around the corner from the barbershop. Most of them told me they were undecided or voting for Trump. They gave a variety of reasons and That included a healthy amount of sexism actually. Oh, Yeah. What about some of the issues like abortion? That's a big issue for a lot of voters. Ha really has been a big issue. This election year, Yeah I asked one man who would only identify himself by his first initial B because he's worried about sharing his political leanings in this tense time. And here's what he said is The civil rights issue and the abortion, my daughter having control of her own body. So you really do feel That civil rights will roll back Yes under Donald Trump. Yes Yes as a people We won't be able to survive.


That, he was the one Harris voter in this group. And He says the way Trump speaks about black people and other minorities is quote horrible. And he's taken a Look ET some of the language in Project 2025, That conservative wishlist for a Future Republican President put together by Trump loyalists and he didn't like what he saw. Looking forward to hearing the rest of your reporting. Layla. Thanks Michelle. And that's upfirst for Thursday, October 10th. I'm Michelle Martin. And I'm Layla Fal. Stay connected with NPR for all the latest on Hurricane Milton. You'll find all your coverage on the NPR app. ET npr.org. And tomorrow morning here on upfirst. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Hannah Block, Gigi Ban, James Hyder, Russell Lewis, Ali Schweitzer and Alice Wolfley.


It was produced by Paige Waterhouse, Christopher Thomas and Ana Perez We Get Engineering Support from Carly Strange. And our technical director is Zac Coleman We. Hope you'll join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music. Or you can Also Support NPRs vital journalism and get upfirst plus ET plus DO npr.org. That's plus NPR dot org.


This message comes from Bombas Socks, underwear and t-shirts are the top three requested clothing items by people experiencing homelessness. Bombas makes all three and donates one item. For every item purchased, go to bombas.com/npr and use code NPR for 20% off.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Lisa. Good sleep should come naturally. And with the new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and Support a greener tomorrow. Plus every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.