
People in Lebanon are unplugging electronics and turning off phones in fear. After a second round of exploding devices, Israel talks of a new phase in its war turning toward Hezbollah. So where is this conflict heading? I'm Layla Fadden with Stephen Scape, and this is upfirst From NPR News. Israel has a long history of covert operations, detonating remote operated weapons from Lebanon to Iran. The technical proficiency is stunning, but what is the strategic goal? We ask Greg Myy, who's followed the region for decades, also One of the largest unions in the United States is staying on the sidelines of this year's presidential election. The Teamsters Union will not endorse any candidate.


What drove the decision not to decide? stay with us. We've got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One na member FDIC.


This message comes from IBM. Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere. But are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting, resources, unable to scale? Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with a gen AI experience who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions so you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM. Let's create


Support for this podcast. And the following message come from the NPR Wine Club, which is generated over one and a half million dollars to support NPR programming. Whether buying a few bottles or joining the club, you can learn more@nprwineclub.org slash podcast. Must be 21 or older to purchase


For the second time. In as many days, communication devices in Lebanon exploded in people's hands. First, it was hundreds of pagers used by the Lebanese group, Hezbollah, and then their walkie talkies blew up in some cases at the funerals for people killed the day before. The Lebanese Health Ministry says this latest round of attacks has killed at least 20 people and wounded hundreds. As we reported yesterday, Israel has privately acknowledged responsibility for the attacks publicly. Israel has not said anything, but yesterday they did declare its war has entered a new face With me. Down the line in Beirut is NPRs Jane Araf. Hi Jane. Hi Layla. So What are you seeing and hearing in the city?


Well, I went to Beirut, Southern suburbs yesterday with producer Joad Alah to a Hezbollah funeral for four of those victims of Tuesday's blasts. They included two fighters being buried, plus an 11-year-old boy and a hospital orderly. They were all killed when pagers carried by Hezbollah members, including office and hospital. Staff began exploding in cars, streets, supermarkets. A speaker called out the names of the dead, you can hear the band starting to play and then a bang, everything stopped, and then the ceremony continued.


Our producer dashed out and saw ambulances and heard someone shouting that a man had his hand blown off. And then the funeral carried on to the sound of prayers and still those ambulances in the background. So you were right there for that one blast. But that was not the only blast, right? It Wasn't as the bodies were being carried to the cemetery to be buried. The victims of the previous day's blasts more ambulances came racing through the streets, not just ambulances, but speeding motorcycles. One was a firefighter with an oxygen bottle strapped on his back.


It was almost dusk at that point, Lela, and it was very tense. Hezbollah security people appeared from almost nowhere. And all of this as a sanitation worker swept up rose petals from the street. You know, the deaths of martyrs are considered a celebration almost like a wedding. And people on balconies were showering the mourners with petals. So Jane attacks before this week between Israel and Hezbollah had really been missiles, airstrikes, drone attacks constantly. This new string of explosions though, is really different. I mean, I'm hearing from people that they're just afraid of electronics, unplugging everything, afraid to be out in case someone's device explodes next to them. What are you hearing?


Absolutely, really widespread fear because it's so unpredictable. Hezbollah has vowed revenge and has na. The leader is giving an address this evening. Lebanese security forces have been detonating, walkie-talkies and their devices and controlled explosions. People are deeply unsettled because they don't know when something next to 'em could explode. We talked to a 16-year-old Mourner. He said this was different. This was terrorism killing and maiming random people as well as fighters. And he added this And Islamic faith, we always believed that death is not a wall but a door. We see death as a glory because death shows that we are willing to put our blood in the faith of our country, in the face of our religion, Even far from Hezbollah neighborhoods.


People are in shock. Jawad spoke to a young woman in a pub who had just spoken to her 12-year-old sister. He's like, yes, I could see the man burning on his balcony across across their apartment. She's just in shock. This makes me feel weak and sad and hurt and very angry. The woman said she was trying to pretend things were normal, but obviously nothing is normal. Now. That's NPRs Jane Araf reporting for us from Beirut. Thank you, Jane. Thank you.


The explosions in Lebanon are the latest in a series of attacks attributed to Israel. And Israel has a long history of covert operations like this. NPRs Greg Myrie has been following that aspect. In fact, he's been covering the region for decades. Greg, I don't mean to make you sound old, but I appreciate your experience. Good morning to you. Thanks Steve. Israel in this attack is doing something distinctive. I mean, they're effectively saying, we're in your hands, we're in your pockets. But how does this fit in with other attacks over the years? Well, since the the beginning of this year, Israel has been blamed for the targeted killings of senior figures and Hezbollah and the Palestinian group Hamas, and in Iran's revolutionary Guard Corps.


Now, these attacks were all in places where leaders in those groups thought they were relatively well protected in offices in Lebanon's capital, Beirut, a diplomatic compound in Syria, capital Damascus, a government guest house in Iran's capital. Tehran, right? So as you noted, Israel hasn't commented and is not talking about these latest attacks either. However, a US official in Washington who spoke on condition of anonymity told NPR that Israel has told the US it was responsible. Okay, so what's some of the longer history of Israeli high tech attacks? Well, Steve, a good place to start is 1996. Israel wanted to eliminate the main Hamas bomb maker in Gaza.


Yaa Osh Israel found a way to put an explosive device in a cell phone, then figured out a way to give him the phone without him knowing the source. When he answered a call, it exploded and killed him. This kind of operation was entirely new and quite dramatic at the time. But now we've seen variations on this method for nearly three decades with Israel using phones and other electronic devices to eavesdrop, to surveil and to kill its enemies and in places where it's security forces just can't go. Okay, so from Israel's perspective, these attacks work. They hit their targets, they have a great psychological power.


You think the Israelis are everywhere, but in the wider sense, do they serve a strategic goal of advancing Israel's interests? Well, you know, it's probably hard to answer that definitively, but on the balance, it hasn't had a, a definitive impact ending, a resolving a conflict. These operations reflect the, the very high level of technical expertise and human intelligence that Israel has in its security forces and in neighboring countries. And what's happened in Lebanon the past couple days is something we just haven't seen before. These operations in the past have been the combined work of the military and the Israeli tele intelligence services Shin Bet and Mossad.


And yet Israel is still fighting the same battle with its neighbors that date back decades. And many analysts will simply say, there's no real military solution here. There will have to be a political solution. Okay, Well let's talk about where this war might go next. We heard yesterday from our colleague Daniel Estrin, that Hezbollah might not respond immediately. They're gonna need time to recover. That turns out to be the case. In fact, they've been attacked again. But Hezbollah talks of responding. What might we expect from them? Well, Hezbollah is threatening a, a strong response. They have this huge arsenal of rockets and missiles, but this has been a substantial blow. Israel has knocked out their communication systems.


Also, Hezbollah has been signaling that it doesn't want a full scale war, which could devastate an already weak Lebanon. So another possibility is it might not escalate. We should note Israel has carried out these highly provocative attacks for months, and it has not led to a wider regional war. The fighting has essentially carried on at roughly the same level. And Pierce. Greg Myy, thanks as always for your insight, sir. Thanks, Steve. Labor unions have been especially active and involved in this year's elections From the A-F-L-C-I-O to the Teachers Union, to the United Auto Workers and government Employees unions have overwhelmingly endorsed the democratic ticket and are working to turn out the vote for vice President Kamala Harris.


But one very large, very prominent union says it is sitting this election out. NPRs Don Gagne is covering that story from Detroit, Michigan. Don, good morning. Good morning. Which union is sitting this out? It's the Teamsters. More than a million members. They will not endorse either candidate for president. And again, this is a union that has backed every democratic nominee since Bill Clinton, including Joe Biden four years ago. The Teamster's president is Sean O'Brien, and he signaled early that this would be a different kind of year. In fact, he has been engaging with Republicans all along. In July, he spoke at the Republican National Convention.


He gave a very pro-union speech, but he also praised Donald Trump. And recall, this was just days after the first assassination attempt, the one in Pennsylvania. And I Think we all can agree whether people like him or they don't like him. In light of what happened to him on Saturday, he has proven to be one tough SOB. So assign things to change. Certainly O'Brien also conducted a survey of his members, and yesterday they released the results of that showing Trump to be the overwhelming favorite among their rank and file. Well, I suppose you could ask why the union would not have gone ahead and just endorsed Trump if most of the members seemed to lean that way.


Right. The polling wasn't the only thing. There were candidate interviews at her session just this week. Harris said she would continue the pro-labor policies of the Biden administration, but again, she doesn't have the long history with this union that Biden has. Trump meanwhile her his own chances when he said in a public conversation with Elon Musk that any worker who goes on strike should be fired. So we get this no decision. Okay, so how does each campaign react now From the Harris campaign? A written statement quote, while Donald Trump says striking workers should be fired. Vice President Harris has literally walked the picket line and stood strong with organized labor for her entire career.


Trump meanwhile just declared victory at a speech in Union Dale in New York. He boasted that he won the Teamsters endorsement earlier Today. I was honored to receive the endorsement of the rank and file membership of the Teamsters. I love the teamsters. Again, the official position of the Teamsters, there's no endorsement. Okay, so no endorsement, but it's an endorsement that would have gone to Democrats in the past and it's an unusually big union. So what does this mean in the campaign, given their resources? We are certainly going to see Teamsters outworking the campaign this year, but as part of smaller groups, there's the Teamsters National Black Caucus, which is already out organizing for Harris.


And they have endorsed her. And Trump will have his backers too, certainly. But it'll all happen piecemeal. No big United Teamsters effort. Yeah, We have been hearing from some of the locals, the union locals, who said they will be for Harris. Don, thanks so much. It's my Pleasure. That's N PS Don Gnet. And that's a first for this Thursday, September 19th. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Layla Alden for your next listen, consider this from NPR. Two unusual attacks on pagers and radios used by the Lebanese Group. Hezbollah come at a time when negotiations over a ceasefire deal between Israel and Hamas have stalled. What could this mean for the region?


Listen to consider this from NPR. Today's thought first was edited by Vincent Nee Andrew Sussman Megan Pratz HJ Mai and Ally Schweitzer It was produced by Iman Maani, Ziad bch, Nia Demas and Mony Kirana We get engineering support from Carleigh Strange. and our technical director also supportive always is Zac Coleman. Join us tomorrow,


Support for NPR. and the following message come from Betterment The. automated investing and savings app, CEO. Sarah Levy shares how Betterment utilizes tech tools powered by human advice. Betterment is here to help customers build wealth their way, and we provide powerful technology and complete human support where technology can deliver ease of use and affordability. And the people behind that technology can provide advice and guidance. Learn more at Betterment dot com. Investing involves risk, performance, not guaranteed


Support. For NPR and the following message, come from Visit St. Pete Clearwater, Florida, where fall color seekers can find 35 miles of sugary white sand beaches and emerald green Gulf waters. And enjoy fiery red, orange and yellow sunsets night after night. more@visitspc.com.


For a while now, you've probably been hearing about book bands, how they're gaining momentum everywhere in Texas, in Missouri, Florida, and Pennsylvania. On the Code Switch podcast, we are taking a look at why. Why are so many books suddenly considered so dangerous to kids? Listen to our new series on the Code Switch podcast from NPR.