
AMAs releases four female soldiers as the ceasefire with Israel enters its second week. In exchange, Israel will hand over a total of 200 Palestinian prisoners and detainees. I'm Aisha Roka. And I'm Scott Simon. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. A crowd gathered outside in Tel Aviv cheered when a big screen TV showed the Israeli soldiers being handed over to the Red Cross. We'll have more on that story. Also, The U US State Department pauses most foreign aid programs. The Trump administration says it wants to undertake a thorough review And what's ahead.


As Robert f Kennedy Jr. Faces a senate confirmation hearing next week. So Stay with us. We have the news you need to start your


weekend. This message comes from Comedy Central's, the Daily Show. John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are kicking off 2025 with brand new episodes covering a brand new administration and a not quite brand new president. While it may feel like history is repeating itself, it's never been covered like this with John Stewart behind the desk kicking off every week. Comedy Central's the Daily Show, new weeknights at 11 on Comedy Central and streaming next day on Paramount Plus,


this message comes from NPR sponsor One Password, secure access to your online, online world. From emails to banking so You can protect what matters most with one password. For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/npr.


This message comes from Doctors Without Borders. Over 80% of their staff are from the countries they work in, support their local teams and make a global impact. Learn how to donate@doctorswithoutborders.org slash npr.


Hamas took the Israeli soldiers captive 15 months ago during its October 7th raid. Palestinian Group held them as hostages ever since. And Pierre's Greg Myy is in Tel Aviv. Greg, thanks for being with us. Hi Scott. What Was that moment like? Yeah, Hamas presented this highly orchestrated handover. The four Israeli women dressed in olive military uniforms and oddly wearing lanyards were paraded onto an outdoor stage in the center of Gaza City. Now, they were surrounded at all times by Hamas fighters dressed head to toe in black, including balaclavas. They also wore their green headbands and carried automatic rifles.


The women waved to the Palestinian crowd and then they were presented to the Red Cross, which drove them a short distance to the Israeli military. The four women are now in a hospital outside Tel Aviv. As you noted, all were seized at an Israeli military base just outside of Gaza, back in October of 2023 in the Hamas attack that ignited the war. This was a, a very different handover than what we saw last week, wasn't it? Yeah, a dramatic contrast. Last Sunday in the first exchange under the ceasefire, Hamas drove three Israeli civilian women into the middle of a very unruly crowd in a central square in Gaza, lots of pushing and shoving, and the three women clamored into a Red Cross.


Van Hamas clearly wanted a more orderly exchange this time. And Scott, I think very importantly, Hamas wanted to show it's in charge of Gaza, that its fighters are, are willing to appear in public at a, at a ceremony or event like this. An Israeli military spokesman was critical of the handover describing this public presentation of the women as a, as a cynical charade. And how was Israel accomplishing Its part of the exchange. So just a couple hours later after that, the Israelis freed 200 Palestinians. This included many convicted of serious crimes. Media reports say about 120 of those released are Palestinians serving life sentences after being convicted of killings.


Also, about 70 of those being freed are not being allowed to return to Palestinian areas. Israel says they're being deported to Egypt and then onto other countries in the region. Gregor, the releases on both sides an indication that the ceasefire is, is holding. It's working. Yes. God, it's absolutely a good sign that the ceasefire is now wrapping up. Its first full, full week and still holding these releases are incredibly important to both Israeli and Palestinian societies as they welcome their their people home, we're seeing additional developments as well. Hundreds of truckloads of aid are now flowing daily into Gaza, you know, far exceeding anything we saw during the 15 months of fighting.


We should note there are some very hard questions that are still ahead. The first phase of the ceasefire last six weeks. The two sides will then have to negotiate some very hard questions, like when will all the Israeli troops leave Gaza and will Hamas be allowed to remain in charge of Gaza? And here, Greg Myy in Tel Aviv. Thanks so much for being with us, Greg. Sure thing, Scott. An internal memo obtained by NPR calls for US humanitarian and development programs to stop their work And blocks virtually all new foreign assistants. The directive expands on an executive order that President Trump issued earlier in the Week, and P Global Health correspondent FA Batist joins us now.


Fatma, thanks for being with us. Thanks For having me, Scott. And please tell us about this memo. So it was signed by Secretary of State, Marco Rubio, and it says that US foreign assistants will be frozen while a comprehensive review of all programs can be undertaken to quote, ensure that all foreign assistance is aligned with President Trump's foreign policy agenda. Now the memo says the review will be completed within 85 days, And that means for nearly three months there's going to be no new funding for any foreign assistance and programs that have already been approved for funding will have to stop work. There are some exemptions such as foreign military financing for Israel and Egypt, and also emergency food aid.


What kind of programs are likely to be affected? It's everything from the building of roads to vaccination programs. And there are also aid efforts in sensitive conflict zones. These are often logistically complicated programs, so once you pause them, it's hard to get things running back up again immediately. And you know, Scott, we're talking about a lot of investment about around $60 billion worth. That's how much The U US provides in foreign assistance annually. And it's the biggest financial supporter of development aid in the world. So this is going to have a huge impact across the board. And there's a lot that's still unclear. There are questions about how this is going to affect, you know, aid to Ukraine and Taiwan, for example.


Also, critical global health programs like pepfar. That's The U US effort to combat HIV around the world. And it's credited with having saved 25 million lives, What might happen to people who work for these programs. So until this review is over, the, these US funded programs are likely going to have to cease operations, even furlough or lay off their staff employees of U S A ID. The agency primarily responsible for administering humanitarian and development aid will be keeping their jobs for now. But I should also note that many of the organizations that partner with The U US on foreign assistance are based in The U us and they employ people here and overseas.


So this is going to impact overseas staff in the short term, but it will also lead to layoffs in The U US if it continues. What Kind of reaction? From eight groups, People are shocked and really worried. A senior official at U S A ID told me that quote, the work stop order is completely reckless and disruptive and said it was draconian. The official asked for anonymity because they were not authorized to speak on behalf of the agency. I also spoke to the leader of an organization that partners with U S A ID. They offer humanitarian assistance. And that person told me the administration has quote thrown a grenade right into the middle of foreign assistance. This person also spoke on the condition of anonymity, fearing retribution against their organization for speaking out.


They said that they would have to pull out their staff who are providing critical services in the field and also lay off US staff. The person said that quote, we can't afford to keep funding our programs because we don't know if we will be reimbursed per our contracts with US agencies. Now, aid experts are also warning that this move could have a destabilizing effect in countries where humanitarian aid is critical. I spoke to Abby Maxman, she's the president of Oxfam America. It's a charity that does not take funding from The U US government. And here's what she said. It's having seismic impacts for the entire global aid system. And really frankly, it's a cruel decision that has life or death consequences for millions of people around the world.


She's called on the Trump administration to reverse the move before it's too late. And Pierce, thanks so much for being with us. Thank you for having me. Robert f Kennedy Jr. The son of the Slain Attorney General from the 1960s is headed towards confirmation hearings next week. President Trump has nominated him as Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. Many in the medical community oppose his confirmation, though some do support it. NPRs Will Stone joins us now to talk about it. Hi Will. Hey there. So Will, what are the main concerns about Kennedy's confirmation?


Well, his track record on vaccines is the most prominent one. For years, Kennedy led an advocacy group that it's a major player in the anti-vaccine movement. In 2021, he petitioned the government to revoke the authorizations for the covid vaccines. Kennedy said in 2023 that no vaccine is safe and effective, and he's made other inaccurate claims about infectious diseases. Now, recently, Kennedy has softened his tone. After the election, he told NPR he's not going to take anyone's vaccines away. I asked Dr. Brett Jois about this. He's a former assistant secretary for health in the first Trump administration. Just saying, you know, I'm not gonna take your vaccines away is would not be sufficient for me.


If that were the answer and the only explanation, I would definitely not confirm him. His issues about vaccines and reliance on quasi or pseudoscience needs to be changed. He isn't taking a position yet, but he says Senators need to ask questions because there's a lot an HHS secretary could do to undermine vaccines. Well, where is this pushback coming from? So many doctors are speaking out on social media and in op-eds in opposition. The biggest organized effort is a campaign that's gathered at least 15,000 signatures from physicians that's being led by a progressive advocacy group called Committee to Protect Healthcare. Separately, the American Public Health Association has urged the Senate to reject Kennedy, but some of the most prominent physician groups like the American Medical Association have not weighed in publicly.


I reached out to the A MA about this. They did not respond. Dr. Rob Davidson with Protect Healthcare says he's not sure why they aren't taking a stance. It's Politics, it's dc. And I guess they'll have to answer to that. I think it's wrong. I think if they truly stand for the health of our patients, they should be coming out against this and taking a stand. But RFK Junior has vowed to address chronic diseases like obesity and diabetes and trying to make Americans healthier again. What about that? Well, that is a big part of his appeal. And many in public health say, you know, this is important, but this focus cannot be at the expense of preventing infectious diseases like measles.


Dr. Jeffrey Flyer, a former dean of Harvard Medical School, says Kennedy has ascended to this point, not in spite of his previous activism, but because of it, He has no other basis for being the head of HHS. Anyone could stand up and say, oh, you know, we have a lot of chronic disease. We need to look at it. The idea that he represents some new insight into the importance of that area and how we should be thinking about it is ludicrous. And I should add that Flyer is a well-known researcher in the field of obesity. Okay, But But there are some supporters in the medical community who, who are they? Yeah, that's right. There's also a petition from a pro Kennedy group called Maha Action, Maha being short for Make America Healthy Again.


And that group says it has over 4,000 verified signatures from physicians and scientists that you see a lot of support for Kennedy online in the wellness and influencer space. Physicians who are focused on diet and lifestyle. One of them is Dr. Philip Veia, a Florida heart surgeon with a telemedicine practice. A lot of what RFK has talked about is looking at our food supply, looking at the ingredients in our food. That's something that he is been talking about for a long time and it's great to see that part of it being elevated. So how likely is it that Kennedy will get confirmed? So it's hard to say. Some Republicans have expressed concern. The former Trump official ROIs says, it looks like there may be enough support for Kennedy to be confirmed.


We reached out to a Kennedy spokesperson for comment. She said, Bobby Kennedy has met with over 60 United States Senators. He's prepared and excited. That's NPR R'S Will Stone. Thank you so much for joining us. Thank you. That's Upfirst for Saturday, January 25th, 2025. I'm Scott Simon. And I'm aye. Roscoe. Today's podcast was produced by Andrew Craig with help from Fernando Naro. Michael Radcliffe directed, And this episode was edited by Jerome Zukofsky, Scott Hensley, Shannon Rhodes, Rebecca Davis, and Matthew Sherman. Andy Hether is our technical director with engineering support from Zach Coleman, David Greenberg, and Author Holiday Lauren Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor.


Sarah Lucy Oliver is our executive producer. And Jim Ka, I've gotta get his middle name. Someday is our deputy managing editor. Tomorrow on The Sunday Story inside a notorious prison in Syria where thousands of people were detained and killed under former President Bahar Alad. And for more news interviews and analysis, You can tune into weekend edition on your radio. Go to stations.npr.org and find your local station.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, You can manage your wealth your way At Schwab. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more


support for NPR and the following message come from Washington Wise. Decisions made in Washington can affect your portfolio every day. Washington Wise from Charles Schwab is an original podcast that unpacks the stories making news in Washington. Listen At Schwab dot com slash Washington wise,


This message comes from Bombas socks. Underwear and t-shirts are the top three requested clothing items by people experiencing homelessness. Bombas makes all three and donates one item. For every item purchased, go to Bombas dot com slash NPR and use code NPR for 20% off.