
Another major shakeup at the White House National Security Council Officials tell NPR that dozens of staff were fired yesterday afternoon. I'm aye Roka. And I'm Scott Simon. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. The National Security Council provides advice to the president on the biggest diplomatic insecurity decisions, But these firings are seen as way to eliminate bureaucracy and duplication. What might be the impact on national security. And tomorrow marks five years since George Floyd was murdered by a Minneapolis police officer. His death triggered large scale protests across the country and a reckoning with racism in the us.


But how did a moment of apparent national unity generate a backlash? We'll have reporting on how George Floyd's death fueled conspiracies and political extremism. So please Stay with us. We have the news you need to start your weekend.


This message comes from Sattva Spring Cleaning can be good for your home and your mind. It can boost your mood, sharpen your focus and fuel productivity. Another way to do all that. Sleeping well voted best luxury mattress by sleep foundation.org. Every sofa is handcrafted for a great night's sleep and they cost far less than retail. This Memorial Day saves $600 on $1,000 or more at sofa.com/npr.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MID i.com.


This message comes from MIDI Health. Women in midlife face a healthcare desert, but MIDI is here to fill the gap, offering expert care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance, hot flashes, insomnia, brain fog, weight gain, and moodiness. Don't have to be accepted as just another part of aging. MIDI clinicians understand how these symptoms can connect to menopause and prescribe a wide range of solutions. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


President Trump revamped his national security team at the start of this month when he named Marco Rubio as his national security advisor. Now the National Security Council, which Rubio oversees in addition to remaining Secretary of State, is undergoing a dramatic restructure. And Pierre, as Greg Myy joins us. Greg, thanks for being with us. Hi Scott. Now the Trump administration hasn't made any announcement, but NPR has been reporting this story. What do we know? So, dozens of staffers at the National Security Council were abruptly dismissed on Friday afternoon. They were informed at 4:30 PM and told to leave by five. This comes from sources who spoke with our NPR colleagues, Tom Bowman and Franco Ordonez.


Now the White House is not commented, so we don't have details or know the precise motive, but attention is certainly focused on Marco Rubio. He was and is Secretary of State. Then at the beginning of this month, as you noted, Trump dismissed his national security advisor, Mike Waltz, and gave Rubio that job as well. This means Rubio is responsible for this National Security Council and we're seeing the shakeup just three weeks after he was put in charge. And Greg, remind us of the role of the National Security Council. Yeah, so the NSC works out of the White House. It has 200 to 300 staffers depending on the presidential administration.


It plays a key role in developing and implementing the President's Forum policy. Even though we don't hear a lot about it, many of these staffers are on loan from other departments. The the Pentagon, the State Department, the CIA, the NSC has grown over the years. There are periodic calls to scale it back. One of Trump's national security advisors in his first term, Robert O'Brien recently wrote this in an op-ed one source, for example, told NPR that the Middle East section at the NSC is being reduced from 10 staffers to five. So it appears to be an attempt to streamline the national security process. Though again, we don't know precisely because it was done without notice or explanation.


Now there Was a lot of reshuffling among the national security team during President Trump's first term. Is this that all over again? Well, Scott, I think at this point we can say what we're seeing is, is very unusual arrangements on the national security team. Marco Rubio has these dual role, which is very rare. His stock seems to be on the rise with Trump. Yet some of the biggest foreign policy matters Trump has turned to Steve Whitcoff, his longtime friend from his New York Real Estate Days. Witkoff had no national security experience and yet he's the point man on the Iran nuclear negotiations. He's also the main negotiator in the US efforts to end the Russia, Ukraine war.


So at this point the Trump administration still feels like it's working out some of these arrangements on the fly Also, Friday Defense Secretary Hegseth announced new restrictions for reporters who cover the Pentagon. What can you tell us about that? Yeah, hegseth said reporters must now be escorted by Pentagon officials when they leave the area inside the Pentagon designated for the media. This reverses decades of policy where reporters could move about in the non-classified parts of the Pentagon and generally had pretty good access to officials. Hegseth has taken a number of moves to limit contact between journalists and military officials. The Pentagon Press Association, which represents journalists covering the Pentagon, said it quote, appears to be a direct attack on the freedom of the press in America's right to know what its military is doing.


I'll note the Pentagon has had only one formal press briefing in four months under this new administration, and Hegseth didn't take part in that one. And for national security correspondent Greg Meyer, thanks so much, Greg. Sure. Thanks Scott. It was a moment that changed the course of US history. A video showing George Floyd being murdered by a Minneapolis police officer, went viral and triggered massive demonstrations across the country. Say his name George Floyd, who they killed George Floyd, Who they killed.


But now, five years later, the country is deeply divided on issues of race and policing. NPRs domestic extremism correspondent Odette Yusef is here to talk about how such a dramatic change has happened. Good morning. Good morning. It's Kind of amazing to think about where we are now And that Floyd was killed five years ago. When you look back, how do you see that time? It's interesting, Aisha, because you know the size of the protest, the reach into places across the country, I think it felt like a rare moment of broad consensus. You know, at that time, the Pew Research Center found that two thirds of us adults supported the Black Lives Matter movement.


I found that almost 70% of Americans were talking about racial justice issues with their families and friends and 70% were recognizing general tensions between police and black Americans. And so it felt like these difficult issues were finally out in the open and people were ready to discuss change to address them. But what I think what we didn't see clearly at that time was that deeply radicalizing forces were also organizing. And in many respects, I think it's fair to say that they won. Well, Well say more about that. What was brewing at that time that you say helped lead to the divisions that we see today?


Well, the pandemic, you know, I was in Minneapolis about six months ago, meeting with a local named Kimmy Hull. One morning, Kimmy and I were at what's now called George Floyd Square, where he died. And she said she thinks the movement wouldn't have launched if the country hadn't been sheltering in place. Everybody's at home, everybody can't leave anything. People are getting a lot of feelings just from being locked, you know, locked into your own home and stuff. And then this happens in your community. And it's happened so often. But now you have a large group of people that are like, you know what? We got nothing to do coming out here, dude, we're gonna protest 'cause we're sick of this.


We're in quarantine and you're still killing Us. The thing that gets Kimmy and many others is the earliest days of protest were peaceful when it was largely locals. Many who lived in and were invested in the neighborhood. But two days after Floyd's death, there was a change. It Was, it was the proud boys that came in here. We needed help from and protection from Kimmy's Uncle Bobby Hull lives down the street and around the corner. The community was safe until they started coming in here, until all these re racist Ku Klux Klans and Aryan Nations and the Proud Boys, whoever you want to call 'em, they're racist people that don't belong here. One of the gaping holes that remains five years after Floyd's murder is the AutoZone Auto Parts Store arson.


This was the very first structure in the area to burn. It's been cited as the trigger event that turned peaceful protests into lawlessness. The police named a suspect from a suburb of Minneapolis. An arson investigator's affidavit identified him as an affiliate of organized white supremacist groups, including the Hell's Angels and a prison gang called the Aryan Cowboys. To this day, there has been no arrest. The details of it all have faded. For some locals. What hasn't faded is the conviction nurtured among many Americans that summer, that actually the violence came only from the left the side that in this case did not set off the chaos.


The memory of George Floyd is being dishonored by rioters, looters, and anarchists. The violence and vandalism is being led by Antifa and other radical left wing groups. Data from the armed conflict location and event data project find that at least 27 people were killed during the demonstrations across the nation. Most of them were not tied to any obvious ideological motivation. Instead they appear to have just been criminal in nature. But of those where the perpetrators had an identifiable ideology, only one was a self-identified anti-fascist. Six, by comparison were far right actors still an internal report from the Department of Homeland Security suggests top officials were interested in a single predetermined narrative focusing on the drawn out rioting in Portland, Oregon, the head of intelligence gathering quote stated that the violent protestors in Portland were connected to or motivated by Antifa.


This, even though his analysts had no evidence of that. But it wasn't just Trump and some administration officials who manipulated public perceptions of the unrest that summer. There Was a lot of talk on places like Telegram, where some of the more far right extreme fringe we're talking about the protests as a real opportunity to radicalize the MAGA folks. Pete Simi is a sociology professor at Chapman University. He says Extremists did what they always do. They clocked the high level of uncertainty among the public and swooped in Simi says, the movement for racial justice also created its own problems.


In retrospect, the defund, the police slogan ultimately wasn't helpful. And experiments with so-called autonomous zones areas with no police produced troubling stories, including a 16-year-old fatally shot in Seattle's. You know, it was something else the right could point to and say, look, this is ultimately, when they talk about police reform, they don't really mean just a little bit of change here. What they really mean is, you know, having this kind of lawless no control, they they really mean something far more darker, sinister. And that the argument that these protestors were part of a larger sinister plot has endured.


We Need to treat Antifa and BLM like terrorist organizations. The claim that Black Lives Matter is a Marxist or terrorist organization is now common on the right. It was expressed in a podcast three years ago by Joe Kent, a man who is now Trump's pick to direct the National Counter-Terrorism Center. Oh Debt. We, we've also heard from the Trump administration and others who feel like the fixation on diversity, equity and inclusion was divisive in and of itself, And that if Americans focus less on issues like the country's history of slavery and Jim Crow, that people would relate better to each other.


Yes. And survey numbers suggest that many Americans may agree. You know, a Pew survey this month finds that support for the Black Lives Matter movement has fallen 15 percentage points from where it was five years ago. And on policing the pendulum has swung as well. You know, just last week, the Department of Justice announced that it was ending consent decrees and investigations of police misconduct in multiple cities, including Minneapolis. But this assertion that maybe racism will go away if we stop talking about race, you know, it could be very dangerous. Well, talk to me about that. People see social inequity. You know, people observe the differences that we live with, with health outcomes, educational opportunities, income attainment, and if we're not talking about the history and current factors, Pete Simi says that this just leaves explanations that are pseudoscientific, disproven and racist.


Well, wait a second. Maybe there's something about their individual behavior that's different, right? Maybe there's something biologically that's different about different racial groups. Maybe they have certain kind of cultural traits that make them more prone to criminality. And this isn't just a theoretical concern. Aisha, we've seen the White House issue an executive order aimed at the Smithsonian American Art Museum. That posits race is not a social construct, but a biological reality. This is the stuff of eugenics and it goes against decades of scientific consensus. That's NPRs Odette. Yusef, thank you so much for joining us. Thank you.


And that's Upfirst for Saturday, May 24th, 2025. I'm aye Orozco. And I'm Scott Hyman.


But wait, wait, we've got one more thing for you today here at Upfirst, we take keeping you informed very seriously. Meanwhile, our friends at NPRs, wait, wait, don't tell me. Take making fun of the news. Very seriously. Each week they create a news quiz and we wanna give Upfirst listeners the chance to play along. Test your knowledge of the week's news against the show's panelists by listening every weekend. And here is this week's lightning fill in the blank news quiz Now onto our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Bill, can you give us this score? Har and to Chad? Three, Dulce has two. All Right. That means they'll say you are in second place. You're gonna go first. They'll say the clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Thursday, the House of Representatives voted to pass President Trump's so-called big, beautiful, blank Mega bill, Right? Voting four to four. The Supreme Court declined to allow state funding for a religious blank in Oklahoma Charter School. Exactly right. This week, the FDA hinted, they would soon crack down on off-brand versions of blank and other GLP ones. Oh, the glides. Oh gee. Yeah. Ozempic. Yeah, Ozempic. Yeah, that's right. This week, a teenager in Oklahoma who was caught cashing $500,000 in fraudulent checks said he was doing it to pay for blank Roblox. No, his lawyer. In another fraud case, Come on young man. On Tuesday, kid Cudi took the stand at the trial of disgraced hip hop mogul blank P Diddy. Yes. After 46 days, a blank match between grandma of Magnus Carlson and 150,000 online opponents working together and in a draw. Chess, Yes, chess match. This week, visitors to an amusement park in Louisiana are suing after their kids were injured by blank Alligators. No, by a prosthetic leg that flew off someone during a ride. According to the parents, the prosthetic leg came flying off. One of the rollercoasters way up there, hit two of their kids, bounced off the ground and then hit a third. They're fine. But this is why they always tell you to keep your arms and legs inside the ride. Bill, how did Dulce do on our quit five rights. 10 more points. Total of 12. Bless puts her in the lead. Right? All right, very well done. Let's arbitrarily pick Hurry. K Blu to go next. So hurry, fill in the blank on Sunday, blank. Revealed he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer, Joe Biden. Right. During a meeting at the White House, president Trump ambushed the president of blank with false claims about white genocide in his country, South Africa. Right. On Wednesday, the blank dropped 800 points. Dow? Yes. This week, Louisiana authorities said they're searching for 10 inmates who escaped through a hole and left a note that said, blank. See you. No, it said that would've been good. What they actually said was too easy. LOL. After being banned in 2020, hit game. Fortnite has been returned to Blank's. App Store, iPhone. Yeah. Yeah. App. Very good. Yeah. Best known for playing Norm Peterson on Cheers. Actor Blank passed away at six. George went yes. Chicago Zone. For the second time in two years, a man in Texas is suing a fast food chain for a million dollars because they blanked. They Got his order wrong. I'm gonna give it to you because they put onions on his burger. The man is suing Whata Burger after he asked for no onions in his burger and got onions. He claims the mixup caused him personal injuries. Meanwhile, the employee responsible for cutting the onions is like if he's the one with injuries. Why am I the one crying? Bill, how did Hurry do in our quiz? Six. Right? 12 more points. Total of 15 puts him in the lead. All right. How many then does Tom Papa need to win? Six to tie and seven to win. Tom? Okay, Here we go. Tom, this is for the game. Citing their continued military offensive in Gaza, the UK paused trade negotiations with blank Israel. Right? On Tuesday, the White House announced plans for a new $175 billion blank defense system. Dome Nuclear. Yeah. Missile nuclear dome. Yeah. Nuclear dome guard against missiles. Only a golden dome. On Thursday, the Treasury Department announced it would phase out to the blank By next year the Penny. Right. On Tuesday, scientists warned that melting ice could lead blanks to rise by 12 inches every decade. Seize Yes. This week, the Indie Motor Speedway held a race between six souped up Blanks Souped up. Oh, I knew this one pass. I don't know. Souped Up Wienermobile on. Oh, it was Wienermobile. It was wiener. On Thursday, the first blood test to diagnose blank was approved cancer Alzheimer's. On Tuesday, the NFL decided against banning the controversial blank play Statue of Liberty. No, The controversial. The controversial tush push play. Oh. After being reunited with the class ring, he lost on a trip to Spain over 50 years ago, a man in Georgia blanked Lost it. Yes. He immediately lost it again, Tom, it just proves the old saying, If you love someone, let it go. If it comes back immediately, let it go again. Bill, did Tom do well enough to win? Well, Tom got close five, right? 10 more points. Total of 13 means he's in second place. And guess who's the winner today? Hurry. Hey, see how Closely you followed the week's news and have some fun by listening to the podcast. Wait, wait. Don't tell me the NPR news quiz every Saturday. It's available in the NPR app and wherever you get your podcast.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, You can manage your wealth your way At Schwab. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more.


This message comes from Greenlight. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, parents invest in so many things to enrich kids' lives. But are you investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, You can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial@greenlight.com slash NPR.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Washington Wise. Decisions made in Washington can affect your portfolio every day. Washington Wise from Charles Schwab is an original podcast that unpacks the stories making news in Washington. Listen At Schwab dot com slash Washington Wise.