
Missiles fell on the military academy in Ukraine. Russia intensified attacks on Ukrainian cities, including strikes on residential areas as the government reshapes itself for a lengthening war. I'm Michelle Martin. That's Steve, and this is upfirst from NPR News. Israel's prime Minister is facing increasingly pointed criticism over Gaza, both outside Israel, and in as protests there. Continue for a third day, rivals accused Benjamin Netanyahu of prioritizing his political survival over Israel's security. Is he losing his grip on power? Also, a long time aid to New York State's Governor is accused of secretly working for China.


I'm furious and I'm outraged and absolutely shocked at how brazen her behavior was. It was a betrayal of trust. How deep does China's influence go stay with us. We got the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares the experience they hope to create in their viewing rooms. We want our customers to feel like they've walked into a luxury hotel. That's what Safa has been inspired by from the day that we started. We take sleep very seriously. We believe it unlocks a superpower. If you get the right sleep on the right mattress, we believe we can provide that. Visit SA tva.com/npr to save up to $600 from now through Labor Day weekend.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Betterment. The automated investing and savings app, CEO Sarah Levy shares how betterment utilizes tech tools powered by human advice. Betterment is here to help customers build wealth their way, and we provide powerful technology and complete human support where technology can deliver ease of use and affordability. And the people behind that technology can provide advice and guidance. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk performance, not guaranteed.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


Ukrainians received two reminders that they are far from the end of the war. Their president is reshaping his government for the next phase of the conflict, and Russia sent waves of missiles into the country, including some that landed on a military academy. N PS. Joanna Kakis is covering the story from Kyiv Ukraine. Joanna, what is this military academy? So Stevens called the Military Communications Institute, and it's in the city of Poltava and sort of the central eastern part of the country. Cadets there learn about digital innovation to help with drone and electronic warfare. And we spoke to Denise Kop. He's in charge of a local rapid response team in Ava, and he said the explosions at this academy were so intense that he felt them almost two miles away.


And when he arrived to the scene, he says he saw the worst tragedy he's witnessed in the war Tro. He's saying, I have never seen so many dead bodies in one place, and so mutilated in some cases, I couldn't make out that this was a human being lying there. He said the injured were so dazed and that the missiles came so fast that there wasn't time to shelter. Wow. I, I want to try to get this in perspective, Joanna, because from this distance from the United States, we may lose track a little bit. Is this happening all the time to some degree that missiles are constantly raining on the country?


Yes. It's a daily occurrence in Ukraine. There strikes every day, but this last stretch, the last couple of days has been especially bad. Last night, a university in the northeastern city of Sumi was hit. And early this morning, Russia launched guided missiles and drones all over Ukraine. A missile hit a residential building near a train station in Aviv, which is on, it's on the far west, on the border with Poland and officials there say at least seven people have died and more than a dozen are injured. So how is Ukraine's government responding to these attacks? So Ukraine's, president vRAN Zelensky repeated something. He said a lot that the way to respond is for the White House to finally allow Ukraine to use these long range weapons from the US to strike at military targets deep into Russia.


He's saying Russian strikes will become absolutely impossible if, if Ukraine has the ability to destroy launch sites, military airfield in logistics hubs, and he's insisting that this will end the war sooner. The White House though, is saying these strikes could actually escalate the War. Yeah, the concern is of course, that at some point Russia brings in nuclear weapons. But haven't we already crossed this line? Because Ukraine has literally invaded a portion of Russia in recent weeks. Yeah. Ukraine's offensive into Russia's course region shocked everyone, including the Ukrainians themselves. Ukrainian troops now occupy part of that region, and Zelensky seemed to hope that it could force Russia to the negotiating table.


But after the attacks of the last couple days, that doesn't seem to be happening. What is happening, of course, is that Zelensky is reshaping the government. What is he doing? So he announced last night that the, you know, that he wanted to restructure state institutions and shortly thereafter, all these letters of resignations from his cabinet started pouring in. And this morning, foreign minister di Mitro kba, he's one of the most prominent cabinet ministers, he also offered to resign. If Parliament accepts these resignations, it's going to be the biggest shakeup since the war began. And it comes at such a precarious time because as Ukraine pushes forward with that offensive in Russia, it's also losing land to Russia in the East Trying to reorganize for whatever may come next.


Yes, Joanna, thanks so much. You're welcome. That's NPS Joanna Kakis. Israelis are growing even louder in demanding that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu make a ceasefire. With Hamas Days of protests have followed the news that Hamas killed six hostages just as Israeli troops were approaching the part of Gaza where they were. Now the prime minister's, critics do blame Hamas for the killings, but they accused Netanyahu of blocking a deal that could have brought the hostages home. Now the critics include one of Israel's leading political figures who was allied with the Prime Minister until recently.


NPR, SADL, CCHI is in Tel Aviv covering this story. Welcome. Thank you. Okay. That political leader is Benny Ganz, who's a former general and a veteran Israeli politician. What's he saying? Yeah. Well, last night Gonz came out fighting. He demanded Netanyahu make a deal or quit. Gonz is the leader of the centrist national Unity Party, and he was part of Israel's emergency war cabinet that was formed after October 7th. But then he quit in June, protesting Netanyahu's handling of the war last night. He said, Netanyahu should hand over the keys and go home, have a listen, has lost, lost his way.


He sees himself as the state, and that's dangerous. God said. Now Gans actually doesn't have enough influence to sway Netanyahu. I mean, Netanyahu's own defense minister has tried to get the prime Minister to accept a deal and he refuses to. Yeah. But God's voice yesterday does add to the ever-growing pressure from inside Israel and frankly, the world. For Netanyahu to just accept a deal and eventually end the war in God. I wanna work through the different viewpoints on what Netanyahu is doing. His critics contend that he's being obstinate for self-preservation, that his far right coalition doesn't want the deal and they would unseed him, or that if the shooting were to stop, there would have to be an election that he would lose. Those are the theories that's right against him. But I wanna understand the way the Prime Minister describes his situation.


The outlines of a deal are Israeli, stop their assault, Hamas releases hostages. What does Netanyahu say is wrong with that deal? Well, you know, the thing is we don't know all the details of the ceasefire proposal that's on the table right now, but we do know that a major sticking point is the presence of Israeli troops on a strip of land called the Philadelphia corridor on the Gaza Egypt border. Netanyahu is opposed to withdrawing Israeli troops from it. He says that Haas could smuggle weapons through the tunnels under it and rebuild its military capabilities, or even smuggle hostages the other way into Egypt. And Hamas wants the Israeli military to withdraw completely from the area, which actually is something that Netanyahu's own defense minister is ready to do and says it could be done relatively safely.


Another one of the points of opposition between Netanyahu and some of his fellow Israelis. I wanna ask about another news item. Just after these hostages were killed, including an American, the American Justice Department issued indictments against Hamas leaders. What's going on there? Right, so the Department of Justice announced last night that they were unsealing indictments of six Hamas leaders, including the group's head swa. He's believed to be somewhere in a tunnel under Gaza, you know, directing operations. And the charges say that they carried out attacks that killed Americans, including Hirsch, Goldberg, Poland. He was one of the hostages whose death sparked the mass protests in Israel in the past couple of days.


And you know, this is a largely symbolic movie. Three of those Hamas leaders named are already dead, Although I suppose others are alive and Israeli airstrikes continue and other kinds of strikes continue on Gaza. Correct? Yeah. So in Gaza, the death toll mounts latest figures after nearly 11 months of war is more than 40,800. According to health officials in Gaza evacuation orders continue displacing Palestinians numerous times to ever shrinking. So-called humanitarian zones, which are really just squalid and not all that safe. And also Israel's largest military operation in the West Bank. In almost two years continues, Israeli troops have encircled a number of urban refugee camps. Like Janine saying they wanna root out militants.


Their Palestinian officials say 33 Palestinians have been killed so far in those raids, dozens of arrests. And Israel says militants have killed three Israeli police officers. Okay, NPR, A DLL Cchi in Tel Aviv. Thanks so much. You're welcome. Okay. An aid to New York State's Democratic Governor is accused of working secretly for China's government. The US Justice Department alleges that she was taking payments from China's Communist party, Linda's son and her husband Chris, who pleaded not guilty late yesterday at a Brooklyn courthouse And p Brian Mann is following all of this.


Brian, good morning. Good morning, Steve. Okay, what does the indictment say? Yeah, it says that Linda's Sun, who is an important player in New York politics and government for more than a decade, worked in secret for China as early as 2016, failing to register as an agent for foreign government. What the FBI says is that one of her mission, Steve, was to quietly use her influence to block New York officials from having contact with representatives of Taiwan. China, of course, has worked for decades to isolate Taiwan diplomatically son, also allegedly rewrote official pronouncements issued by former New York governor Andrew Cuomo and the current governor Kathy Hoel shaping those announcements to be more pro-China.


Okay, So working for different word choices by a New York State governor. What did China allegedly pay for that? According to the indictment, Beijing officials funneled millions of dollars in cash into businesses owned by Linda's son's husband, Chris, who money the couple allegedly disguised in part by laundering it through luxury real estate. The FBI also says one Chinese government official. Steve showed gratitude to the family by having a chef in the Chinese consulate in New York repeatedly send Nanjing style salted duck. Okay. These payments and gifts allegedly continued for years. And again, to be clear son and who have pleaded not guilty to these charges, they're free on bond this morning with court ordered restrictions on their travel.


Okay, so little bit of duck, few million dollars. What does Governor Ka Hoel say about these allegations against one of her own? Eight Hool says her team first identified misconduct by son last year and quickly fired her reporting her alleged activity to law enforcement. Hool spoke last night to NPR member Station WNYC. I'm furious and I'm outraged and absolutely shocked at how brazen her behavior was. It was a betrayal of trust. The scope of what she was capable of doing is shocking. Linda Sun also worked as a top aide to Grace Meg when Meg was in the New York State Assembly. She's now a member of Congress from New York. Through much of that time again, Steve, the FBI says, she was actually working for China.


Okay, so I'm trying to think this through Brian. These are allegations about an aid to the governor of one state. I mean a big and important state, but one American state. It makes me think that there must be, if these allegations were true, there must be a very widespread Chinese influence campaign in the United States. The FBI has been warning about this kind of activity for years, urging government officials, state and federal to be vigilant. I spoke with Casey Michelle, who's an expert on foreign lobbying in the us. He says there is evidence of influence networks funded by China that operate underground. We have seen though other suspicious, other shady, other potentially unregistered potentially criminal Chinese related foreign lobbying networks Last month.


In a separate case, Steve, another New York resident sh Wang was convicted on federal charges. He worked as a spy on China's behalf. Prosecutors say Wang could be sentenced step to 25 years behind bars if they're found guilty. Linda's Sun and Chris, who also faced serious prison time. Are there other countries that are also trying to influence officials across the United States? Yeah, absolutely. Steve, US officials say other governments are using similar criminal tactics. In July, NPR reported a former CIA analysts had been arrested for allegedly working as an undeclared agent for the South Korea government, maintaining secret ties in that case to South Korean intelligence officials for more than a decade.


Hmm. And then last month, former US Senator Bob Menendez from New Jersey resigned. He of course was convicted of taking bribes from Egyptian officials in exchange for secretly working on Egypt's behalf in Washington. The Justice Department describes these latest arrests in New York. As another sign, they're working aggressively to root out foreign agents and their schemes. Thanks for the reminder of the gold bars, Brian. Appreciate it. You be Steve. That's N P'S Brian Mann, and that's upfirst for this Wednesday, September 4th. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Michelle Martin. Your next listen is consider this from NPR Supreme Court.


Justice Kaji Brown Jackson is sharing the story of her life in her new memoir. Lovely one, hear how the first black woman to sit on the Supreme Court was lifted up by her family. Listen to consider this from NPR. Today's upfirst was edited by Carrie Kahn, Rebecca Rossman Luis Clemens, Muhammad Al Barisi and Jan Johnson. Produced by Ziot bch, Nia Dumas and Lindsay Totty. We get engineering support from Nisha Highness and our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes From NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor CarMax. Searching for your next car. Don't settle. Thrive at CarMax. It's easy to shop online or in person with upfront pricing and tools designed to help finding a car you love has never been easier. Plus, you can sell or trade in your current vehicle with an online offer in minutes, no strings attached. Start shopping now to find a car you'll love@carmax.com. CarMax the way it should be.