
Humanitarian aid is once again getting into Gaza After blocking aid for months, Israel lifted. Its bam last week. But there are questions about A new U US backed aid group. What do we know about this group? I'm a Martinez. That is Michelle Martin, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. The Trump administration has targeted Harvard University policies, but its President Alan Garber says it's about something bigger. There Are people who would like to see these universities brought down. Steve Inskeep spoke with Garber and he'll tell us what he's learned. And Diversity, equity and inclusion programs are being eliminated across corporate America that has led to thousands of layoffs. Where do we go from here with DEI?


Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, You can manage your wealth your way At Schwab. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having Rinse. Do it for you with one touch. In-app scheduling, pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear, handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse combines human care with seamless technology to make laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at Rinse dot com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from ICF where AI powered tools and technology drive efficiency outcomes and mission success across government and industry. ICFs, data-driven solutions, speed delivery, fast track results, and help you move forward with confidence. Experience the power of advanced technology and expert insight. Let's build an AI ready future. start@icf.com. That's icf.com.


A new group backed by the US is beginning to bring food to Gaza where hunger is widespread and extreme. But the group, The Gaza Humanitarian Foundation, is facing suspicion and growing criticism from the un, which is running a separate effort to bring a de Gaza. The group's own director resign saying the program is not humanitarian. Israel says, this program as well as its intensified airstrikes on Gaza are key to its overall strategy to defeat Hamas with me now to tell us more about this is NPRs Daniel Estrin. He's on the line from Tel Aviv. Welcome Daniel. Thanks for joining us. Thank you, Michelle. First of all, what food is getting into Gaza right now? Israel started letting in limited quantities after a nearly three month total ban.


There was intense pressure from the US to let food in because of malnutrition and warnings of a famine. But just this effort to get a little amount of food into Gaza has been chaotic. The United Nations World Food Program delivered flour and supplies to bakeries, and just a couple days ago, they were overwhelmed by hungry crowds and looters. There were reports of a shootout and the bakery shut down and aid officials I'm speaking with are concerned that this could be a preview of what's to come as this new US backed group gets ready to deliver food to big crowds of hungry people. So Tell us more about this US backed group and the controversy surrounding it. The Gaza Humanitarian Foundation is a new entity.


It involves American contractors, and instead of having food distributed in hundreds of points across Gaza, this group is going to be restricting that to four new zones with Israeli soldiers guarding the perimeter and private contractors giving out boxes of food to families once a week. And it says that it's begun distributing its first food boxes at one site yesterday, and it's gonna be ramping up activities. But all the major aid groups in Gaza and the United Nations are refusing to cooperate. Jake Wood is the US Marine veteran who directed the group. He abruptly resigned just as they were getting started. He said the plan cannot follow principles of humanity and neutrality.


And there really is not a lot of transparency about this group. Michelle, a private US security company run by a former CIA officer is involved. It's posted a job posted online saying they, they'll train people on the job and the group won't say where its funding is coming from. Israel's opposition leader is alleging that Israel is secretly funding the group. So, so many questions about this group that aren't being answered, but the US and Israel are backing it. So tell us more about that. Like why is that? What's the goal here? It's really an an idea that was devised by Israeli military veterans since the early days of the Gaza War, to separate civilians into guarded zones, to feed those civilians and to starve Hamas.


Now, Israeli officials have also said publicly that the aim here is to get Palestinians to move south near Egypt as a step toward moving people to other countries. Israel's allies in Europe say that would be forcible mass displacement, and they oppose it. And Hamas is warning Palestinians not to take food from this new US backed group. So it puts Palestinians in a really difficult position. They're starving. They're telling us that some would refuse to take part and others they're desperate and they would go get that food. So before we let you go, can you briefly update us on ceasefire negotiations? There does seem to be some movement toward a temporary ceasefire and a hostage deal. There's been a flurry of statements from Israel and Hamas yesterday and today, and Israeli negotiating team is expected to be in Cairo today, but it is too soon to be optimistic.


That is N p's. Daniel Estrin in Tel Aviv. Daniel, thank you. You're welcome. The president of Harvard University is defending his decision to sue the Trump administration. Twice. Harvard Sued once when the Trump administration cut off billions of dollars of research grants and contracts. The university sued again late last week when the administration banned it from hosting international students. A judge temporarily blocked that. So foreign students stay for now. President Alan Garber spoke about this in a video interview with Steve Inskeep. We need to be firm in our commitments to what we stand for and what we stand for, I believe is education pursuit of the truth.


When we fail in that, then we can expect to be attacked. And Steve is on the line with us this morning to tell us more about his conversation with President Alan Garber. Good morning, Steve. Good morning, Michelle. So Harvard certainly is being attacked. How does the president of Harvard see this ongoing battle with the White House? Well, both The Harvard lawsuit and Alan Garber contend the administration is going after something bigger than just international students. Garber says he doesn't fully know the motives, but he does know some conservatives wanna reshape elite higher education over issues like diversity, equity, and inclusion. And that is why in so far as there are people who would like to see these universities brought down, in some sense, I think that their fire is misdirected because we have a common interest in making the nation and indeed the world a better place.


In this case, Michelle, the Department of Homeland Security says it banned international students from Harvard because the school blatantly refused to demand to give information about them. Garber and sis. Harvard gave information and DHS lashed out anyway, and Harvard describes that as well as the cutoff in funding as an effort to gain power over a private school. Why cut off research funding? Sure, it hurts Harvard, but it hurts the country because after all the research funding, it's not a gift. The research funding is given to universities and other research institutions to carry out work that the federal government designates this high priority work.


Shutting off that work does not help the country even as it punishes Harvard. And it is hard to see the link between that and say antisemitism. He mentioned antisemitism. That's certainly something that President Trump has been talking about, even as recently as yesterday. You know, Harvard has been criticized by statements made by some students after the October 7th attacks in Israel. How does President Garber respond to that? He accepts a lot of that criticism. The president himself is Jewish. He says some students felt shunned on campus if they didn't take what was seen as a proper view of Israel. He is trying to correct that. Okay, but what about that? So there's a, there is a broader conservative critique. What does he say about that? He accepts some of it, said he wants to encourage, for example, freer debate on campus, and then he turned that idea to make a point of his own.


We shouldn't be in an echo chamber. Everyone in our community needs to hear other views. And let me add, that's one reason why it is so important for us to be able to have international students on our campus. There is so much that they contribute to our environment and they enable everyone else to open their minds. Harvard Says, eliminating foreign students would erase a quarter of the student body. Now the court order means nothing happens for now, as you mentioned, but the university faces a very uncertain court battle. Steve. Thanks. Glad to do it.


Corporate America is running away from diversity, equity, and inclusion or DEI and also from the people hired to do this work. This marks a sharp reversal from five years ago when the murder of George Floyd and the public outcry that followed sent companies racing to staff up. Now NPR is the first report on exactly how many of those jobs have been lost. NPR business correspondent Marie Aspen has the exclusive now we've been hearing about companies ending their DEI policies for years. Now what's new, Right? Some of the biggest US employers, Walmart, target, Amazon, have announced that they're ending some DEI policies and a companies have been retreating for a few years now.


Back in 2023, the Supreme Court overturned affirmative action And that same summer, bud Light faced a conservative backlash after it hired a transgender influencer for a marketing video that all made companies start worrying about the legal and financial risks of talking about DEI. And then President Trump was reelected and issued executive orders against what he calls illegal DEI. That increased the political risks. For example, just this month we saw Verizon tell a federal agency that it would end many of its DEI policies right before the government approved a big $20 billion deal for Verizon.


So for months, I've been covering the strum beat of news about companies ending DEI and I started wondering what that meant for all of the people affected the people they hired to do this work. So what'd you dig up? The numbers are pretty bleak. More than 2,600 jobs in diversity or DEI have been eliminated in the last couple of years. That's more than 10% of the jobs that existed at the start of 2023. Now, these are numbers from a data analysis that a firm called Lio Labs did exclusively for NPR. And it found that this was a dramatic change from five years ago after George Floyd was murdered. There was this huge rush for companies to hire chief diversity officers and other people with experience in this kind of specialized field.


But now these people are being reassigned or having their jobs renamed, or in some cases being laid off. So this is a really steep loss of a lot of jobs and it's affecting thousands of people who are trained and experienced in this area. What are these workers telling you about how this backlash affects 'em? It's been pretty hard for this story. I spent a lot of time talking to Candace Birdsong Williams. She was a top executive with almost two decades of experience in this field doing things like creating mentorship programs to help underrepresented employees get more visibility and opportunities at the office. But she was laid off from her last company last summer, and she hasn't been able to find a new job.


This is what Birdsong Williams told me when I visited her at home in Raleigh this spring. I was like, oh, what about I'll bounce back quickly. I've been in interviews and they're like, okay, we're no longer going to rehire for, we're no longer gonna staff this role. And so that's when I knew this isn't the same environment that it was years ago, and it is just, it's just been, it's been pretty tough. We tell a lot more of her story in a new digital feature that published today@npr.org. Now, birds Song Williams is just one person, of course, but now we know that there are thousands of people who have been living through this very changing and now very politicized job market.


That's NPRs Maria Aspen. Maria, thanks for telling us about this. Thanks so much. And that's Upfirst for Tuesday, May 27th. I'm Michelle Martin And me Martinez. The NPR app lets you keep public radio right in your pocket. You'll find a mix of local, national, and international news, plus the best podcast from the NPR network. So go download the NPR app in your app store today. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Kerry Khan, Rena Avani pal Gago hj, my and Lisa Thompson. It was produced by zba Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Nisha Ness and our technical director is Carleigh Strange.


We hope you'll join us again tomorrow.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, one password, secure access to your online world. From emails to banking so You can protect what matters most with one password. For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/npr.


This message comes from Warby Parker prescription eyewear. That's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This message comes from Bombas Socks. Underwear and t-shirts are the top three requested clothing items by people experiencing homelessness. Bombas makes all three and donates one item. For every item purchased, go to Bombas dot com slash npr and use code NPR for 20% off.