
Hey there. It's Steve Inskeep, And I'm a Martinez Now, if you wanna follow what's going on now and make sure you don't miss a single development, we want you to know that There are three things you can listen to each and every day. One of them is upfirst, which you're about to hear The morning news podcast recorded before dawn and out by seven o'clock Eastern Time. Each weekday, the morning news podcast that captures the news overnight, upfirst at 7:00 AM Now later in the day, you can find a new episode of the NPR Politics podcast. It has context and analysis and all the big stories whenever they happen. So like you get an alert, big breaking news, and you don't know what to think, then look for the NPR Politics podcast. Just a few hours later, Israeli forces intensified their assault on Hamas and the Northern Gaza Strip besieging towns and killing or wounding hundreds of people.


What's the fate of an area home to hundreds of thousands of people living among ruins. I'm Steve Inskeep with a Martinez, and this is upfirst from NPR News. Law enforcement agencies are preparing for possible election violence and challenges to the results amid widespread conspiracy theories about voter fraud. So-called evidence is mobilized to sort of create misleading rumors and and misleading narratives of voter fraud. Okay, what's driving those claims? An abortion is a major campaign issue this election, but how much power does a president really have? We'll ask what any president can do on the issue with, or more likely without action by Congress.


stay with us. We've got all the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


This message comes from better help. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls, and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with better help. try@betterhelp.com slash NPR today to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Walmart. Walmart is fueling American jobs and strengthening communities with an additional $350 billion investment in products made, grown, or assembled in America. This commitment to US manufacturing is helping local businesses across the country hire more people and support their local communities. Learn how Walmart is supporting us manufacturing by visiting walmart.com/america at work.


This message comes from Boland Branch. Start getting your best sleep with the softest, most luxurious bedding from Boland Branch. Feel the difference for yourself during their biggest sales of the entire year. Head to boland branch.com. Limited time only exclusions apply. Seaside for details.


The humanitarian crisis in northern Gaza is dire. Yeah. Israeli forces have intensified their assault on Hamas in that area. Besieging entire towns. Hundreds of Palestinians are being killed and wounded as hospitals shut down and rescue workers are banned from operating according to health officials. There There are some questions over what Israel's end game might be. With calls for parts of Gaza to be seized as payback for Hamas' attack on Israel last year. NPR sad deal. Alci joins us now from Tel Aviv. So what exactly is happening in Northern Gaza right now? Well, just like Steve was mentioning, there's a serious ground operation there. The military had said that they had cleared Hamas fighters in the north, but now they've regrouped and they're still battling them.


For example, troops raided a hospital last week, one of the last three functioning in the north. They rounded up the staff, arrested some of them, and hospital workers are now saying they're running out of things like oxygen tanks, fuel, and other basic life supplies. Airstrikes are also getting worse. A few days ago the military struck a five story building in the town of Bela, was full of families of displaced Palestinians, and the Ministry of Health said at least 93 Palestinians were killed or missing, and that at least 25 of the killed were children. Islam Ahed is a freelance journalist in Belah and PR spoke to him this week.


Ahmed said he saw bodies through on the street. He said there were body parts stuck to the rubble. Ahmed said the situation was very, very bad. The Israeli military said that incident was being looked into. And the thing is, last week the Israeli military demanded that Gaza first responders leave Bela. So civilians ended up pulling people out of the rubble themselves and burying the kil in the street. The United Nations and aid agencies have said that Israel has drastically reduced the amount of aid and food getting into Northern Gaza. What has Israel said to those charges? Right, so we need to know that Gaza right now is split into two these days. It's divided by this large fenced in barrier that Israel's military built just south of Gaza city.


It's called the net Supreme corridor aid groups began warning earlier this month that almost no atri were going into the area north of that barrier. And the idea was that maybe the Israeli military was trying to starve out Hamas fighters. But then there's also hundreds of thousands of civilians still living there. And the US actually went as far as threatening to cut off some weapons deliveries to Israel if more supplies aren't allowed in the US Ambassador to the United Nations. Linda Thomas Greenfield warned Israel against being tempted to use that strategy in Besi towns like Jabal in the North. The United States rejects any Israeli efforts to star Palestinians in Jabaliya or anywhere else. And Hadil. There have been some increasing calls from some in Israel for a lasting military occupation of Northern Gaza.


Are these likely to come to pass? Right. So there have been these calls by the settler community for a return to Gaza for a while now. Israel had Jewish settlements in Gaza until 2005. Now, prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that these settlements in Gaza is not realistic. But some of his own ministers were at a rally this week on the Gaza border where settlers from the West Bank called for the government to allow them to return. The idea is maybe the Israeli military could declare North Gaza a closed military zone, and your remaining Palestinian civil civilians would live in these bubbles surrounded by soldiers. But really, those discussions and decisions really need to come after the war actually ends. That's NPR Zia Alci in Tel Aviv.


Thank you very much. You're Welcome. Millions of Americans have already voted in this year's election. Others are preparing to vote and some people are spreading concerns about their experiences. Some anxiety comes amid democratic concerns about being turned away from the polls. A lot of it centers on Republican preparations to challenge the results if they lose. Now, before we get into the conspiracy theories, let's note the basic facts. US elections are run by thousands of separate jurisdictions, a bipartisan system that no one person controls.


The 2020 election was upheld through all challenges. Many states have updated their election rules since then, and election officials have spent four years preparing for this very moment. N p's Honan covers how false narratives are spreading as we vote. Good morning. Good morning. She's in our studios here, studio 31 in Washington, dc What are you seeing? So I'm seeing this massive effort from people on social media to collect and report suspicious incidents and framing them as a coordinated effort to steal the election. Again, I spoke with Kate Starboard about this. She tracks election rumors at the University of Washington. And she says, there is a whole audience that have been told by the leaders and by former President Trump that the 2020 election was stolen.


And that audience interprets every incident they see and hear about. That way They go looking for evidence to support this feeling that they already have, that they can't trust results. So this time these Trump supporters feel that they need to safeguard the vote. And one of the ways they're trying to do this is by collecting evidence of supposed voter fraud. Okay, so what does that evidence gathering look like? A lot of it looks like first person accounts of people running into mistakes or things they didn't expect. Things when people are voting early, knocking on doors or working as poll watchers. By all accounts, the mistakes, what it happened were properly corrected. If the ballot printout doesn't match how people wanted to put it, they were able to fill it out again.


Okay, the unexpected things like finding many people registered at the same address, There are explanations to that. And as far as we have seen, the system is working as it should, but people already suspicious, still saw all of these as proof that the voting system is unreliable. And these incidents are being collected online in long lists by Trump allies. For example, Elon Musk's superPAC set up a group on his platform X, former known as Twitter, and people are busy posting stories there. And Steve wanted to point out that, you know, just two days ago, that community, that group had 10,000 people, and now as of this morning, and now has 50,000, 10,000 up to 50,000 in a very short period of time. So what kind of themes emerge when you look at these communities?


So we see a remix of old villains from the 2020 election, voting machines drop boxes. The theories about like all of these things have been disproven in courts, but this year a big narrative is that non-citizens are voting in large numbers that outsiders are wreaking havoc on the democratic process. To be clear, there have been incidents of non-citizens voting illegally, but it happens in very small numbers and there is no sign that it has affected elections results. Also, the penalties for doing so are very severe. Okay, So what is the cumulative effect of gathering all of these claims and concerns and evidence, things that may have happened, but they're taken outta context.


It is building an impression that voter fraud is everywhere, when in fact it is very rare and usually caught quickly by authorities. I gonna say that this laundry list of claims on X is very overwhelming to look at. It is very dense and lots of it appears to be technical. It's very challenging because the real voting process is also very nerdy, technical, and as you said, localized. So for people who doesn't know the process well, it's hard to tell what is credible and what is not right. So when you see a stream of content like that, it just gives you an impression that something must be up, that there's so much supposed evidence, like how can it be all made up, you know? But the impression is just one aspect of it. Like all of these materials, they lay the groundwork for Trump supporters to contest the results in lawsuits if they don't like it, just like what we saw for years ago.


But the difference is that this time the challengers are geared up and they're ready to go. NPS Honan, thanks so much. Thank You. Nearly 40% of women voters under the age of 30 now say abortion is the most important issue. This election. Abortion access is directly on the ballot in 10 states. It is also at stake in a less direct way when it comes to who the next president might be and what they might do. Vice President Harris says that if she's elected, she would restore reproductive freedom and sign a bill Enshrining the right to an abortion.


When Congress passes a bill to restore reproductive freedom nationwide as president of the United States, I'll proudly sign it into law. You'll note that she says, when Congress passes a bill, that would've to come first. So how much power does a president actually have here joining Us now to discuss his NPR correspondent Alyssa NAD Warney. So how likely would it be that a President Harris, if she becomes president, could actually get that bill on her desk? Well, just like Steve said, she's not gonna be able to pass legislation expanding abortion access without Congress. And you know, that depends on what party controls it. Now, Harris could try and repeal a law first enacted in the 1970s called the Hyde Amendment, which generally prohibits federal money from being used for abortions.


But she can't do that alone either. And look, even if she did get something passed, there would no doubt be legal challenges. And there is a conservative supreme court now. Now. So does that mean passing a federal law banning abortion could also then be a challenge? Well, former President Trump and his allies have talked about passing national abortion limits, sometimes called a minimum national standard, but it's not a very popular idea. And just weeks ago on the campaign trail, Trump rolled that idea back saying he would actually veto a federal abortion ban. All right. So a new nationwide law on abortion might not be in the cards, but could the next president then use existing federal law to change abortion access? Yeah. So one of the ways a Trump presidency could limit abortion is by deciding to enforce something called the Comstock Act.


It's an anti obscenity law from the 18 hundreds that could be used to criminalize abortions, So. you could ban abortion pills or medical instruments needed for an abortion. What about just bypassing Congress and just simply going with executive power? Yeah. A president could use executive authority to do a lot of things like strengthen privacy laws that would protect women from prosecution, or they could, for example, create abortion tracking requirements in the other direction. The president also nominates who's in charge of the Food and Drug Administration, which regulates abortion pills. Nearly two thirds of all abortions in the US are medication abortion. So getting pills through the mail has been a key way for people who live in states with bans. A new leader at the FDA could roll back that access and make it harder for providers to send pills.


Got a feeling though, no matter what happens, it's all gonna wind up at the courts. Exactly. And another critical presidential power is the authority to appoint judges not just to the Supreme Court, but to federal and appellate courts. Sonya Ser, a law professor at George Washington University says, courts are where abortion policy is being decided. Questions about the right to travel. For example, can providers tell people in ban states about access to abortion where they can get abortion in non-band states? Can laws restrict that? These are questions that are being addressed at the federal court level. And you'll remember during Trump's presidency, he appointed a number of justices and judges who have had a big impact on the whole abortion debate.


All right, that's NPRs Alyssa. Nat, thank you very much. Thank you. Okay, finally, it's hard For me to say this as someone who follows the New York Yankees, but hey Martinez, congratulations to you and Dodgers fans everywhere. Swinging a miss and the Dodgers Are World series champions. So Steve, I had to be asleep, but I was recording the game, but I woke up around eight 30 Pacific to the sounds of what I hope were only fireworks. Oh my goodness. That must have been really something to, to, to wake to. I hope you got a little bit of a sleep afterward. I'm just not that bitter.


But we do have this clip from Dodger fan, Lester Singer, who came all the way from Pasadena near Los Angeles to watch his team win it all at Yankee Stadium. I Feel amazing. Let's go down. George Seems kind of happy. Yeah, You'll probably be at that victory parade through downtown LA that's scheduled for Friday morning. I will be there. So if anyone sees me say hello. Alright. Hey, Martinez will be reporting live. I guess we should mention the actual score. The Dodgers won four games to one in the final game last evening. The Yankees were up five to nothing and then gave up five runs in a single inning. Ended up losing the game. Seven to six. Congrats to the Dodgers once again.


And that's upfirst for Thursday, October 31st. I, mean Martinez. And I'm Steve Inskeep for your next. Listen, consider. Consider this from NPR Vice President Harris'. Final pitch to voters argues that former President Trump poses an existential threat to democracy. Will that win the White House? Listen to consider this from NPR News. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Lauren Maki, Brett Neely, Catherine Laidlaw, Olivia Hampton, and Alice Woefully was produced by Anna Perez, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Carly Strange. And Our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to mint mobile.com/switch.


This message is brought to you by Lisa in collaboration with West Elm. Discover the new natural hybrid mattress expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LEES a.com to learn more.