
Deadly wildfires usher in 2025 in and around Los Angeles, while 2024 takes its official place as the hottest year on record For a reason, scientists are still figuring out. I'm Scott Simon, I'm Aisha Roscoe. And this is Upfirst from NPR News, California. Governor Gavin Newsom says he wants to know why there's been loss of water supply and pressure as firefighters make scant progress against blazes that have claimed nearly 60 square miles. New reports put a number on a warming planet and point to some, but not all of the likely culprits And the Supreme Court hears arguments for and against keeping TikTok available to Americans.


So Stay with us. We have the news you need to start your weekend.


This message comes from a DT with trusted neighbor, the new standard in home access through the A DT plus app grants and automate event-based or scheduled access for neighbors, friends and helpers. Notify trusted individuals of events and set access windows for guests without interrupting your day. Visit adt.com when every second counts count on a DT requires a DT complete pro monitoring plan and compatible devices. Copyright 2025 A-D-T-L-L-C. All rights reserved.


The Palisades fire expanded significantly overnight bringing new evacuation orders. There are also now dusk to dawn curfews in areas around the two biggest fires in Southern California. And yesterday the state's governor called for an independent investigation into why some fire hydrants have gone dry. And PS Liz Baker has been covering the fires. Liz, thanks very much for being with us. You're welcome, Scott. How do things look right now? Well, we're still in heightened fire weather again today. According to the National Weather Service, they're warning that the risk is a little south of la, especially today, parts of Orange and Riverside counties, they're under red flag warnings for a while here yesterday and and Thursday the winds calmed down a little bit where the worst fires have been raging here in la, especially at lower elevations that windbreak has been welcome news.


Some evacuation zones were able to be lifted or downgraded. Some people were able to return to their homes and firefighters did start to make some slight progress for the first time towards containment on the big fires and even more progress on some of the smaller ones. But Scott, still over 150,000 people are under evacuation orders and overnight there was a flare up of the Palisades fire that led to even more evacuations this time in the Brentwood area. That fire over there, that's already the worst in Los Angeles history overall. These past few days have just been astonishingly destructive officials estimate over 10,000 structures destroyed. And here's a clip from Rich Snyder. He's a retired fire marshal who now works for a company that hardens homes.


That means he prepares them to survive wildfires. But he told me the fires this week are the worst he's ever seen. No community, no city, no state could be prepared for what southern California went through. You know, we all growing up hear about the great Chicago fire. This is going to be something that is gonna change history. Liz, what's it look like on the ground? Well, to answer that question, I'd actually like to stay with Rich Snyder for a minute because I met up with him last night in Pasadena. He was sitting outside his damaged home, which he personally saved from the Eaton fire, using garden hoses and help from his nephews. And he showed me videos on his phone of what it was like.


So scary, just embers just pouring down like glowing rain flames everywhere. And he says that happened so fast in just 20 minutes the fire was on top of his house and he had to run out and start fighting it in his baseball cap in sweats. Scott, there's no doubt that those efforts saved not only his house, but at least eight others on the block. Although he still says there was nothing he could do for 15 other homes. And he did actually rescue one of his neighbors across the street. That man is neurodivergent. He couldn't understand what was going on and kept trying to get into his car to leave, but the car was already on fire with 15 foot flames shooting out of it. So a very, very, very dramatic evening for Snyder.


And he has 30 years of experience as a firefighter. He said though fighting this one at home was a whole different ball game and one he never could have fully prepared for. You know, you'd get an assignment was a street like this and it would be oh 12 sixteens on fire, 11 oh twos on fire. It was like that. The difference being is it was Greg, it was Dave, it was Julie. There weren't numbers. Scott, You can hear in his voice. Snyder is really just starting to process what he went through this week. So his wife, his nephews, his neighbors, a lot of people in LA and they haven't been able to take a break. The Snyder, they sit up all night and all day in front of their yard ready to douse any flareups and deter looters.


And that's, you know, on top of everything else. It's just a lot to deal with. Angelinos are used to some level of disruption for wildfires, but there's never been anything like this before. And Pierre's Liz Baker, thanks so much for being with us. You're Welcome. 2024 was the hottest year ever recorded in human history. That's according to newly released reports. And it comes as the past two years have been even hotter than scientists expected. Aandra Barda from NPRs Climate Desk joins us now to tell us what scientists think is happening.


Thanks so much for being with us. Yeah, Glad to be here. Let's put some numbers on this extraordinary heat. So the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration or NOAA and NASA just announced their official numbers on Friday and they both say that 2024 was about 1.5 degrees Celsius hotter than it was back in the 18 hundreds before people started burning tons of fossil fuels for reference, that's about 2.7 degrees Fahrenheit and 1.5 C, you might've heard of it. It's kind of a symbolic number because back in the 2015 Paris Climate Agreement, most countries tried to pledge to keep global warming to less than two C and ideally less than 1.5. And I, I wanna be clear that being past that number for just one year, that doesn't mean those goals are breached, but it's not a good sign.


But you said last year was actually hotter than scientists had anticipated. Yeah, 2023 and 2024 were both off the charts hot. Here's how climate scientists, Zeke House father describes some of the temperature records from 2023 Gobsmacking Lee Bananas. Very descriptive. And so the last two years they were about two tenths of a degree Celsius hotter than scientists even expected. And that might not sound like a lot, but House Father says it's equivalent to about a decade of global warming. And that really matters because it's important to know if this extra heat represents a permanent change to the climate or something else. And why That is definitely the question. Scientists have looked at so many things.


They looked at stuff like the solar cycle. That wasn't it. They looked at dust in the air, that wasn't it either. And then there was this other idea about a volcano that erupted in 2022 And that volcano shot water vapor into the atmosphere which could theoretically heat up the planet. But that didn't pan out either. So, So a number of possibilities, but no one thing could be held responsible for those numbers. What else is on the suspect list? So the next idea was El Nino, which is part of this natural climate cycle. And during El Nino years, the planet is generally warmer, but when it first got unexpectedly hot, El Nino hadn't even started yet. Gavin Schmidt is a climate scientist at NASA's Godard Institute of Space Studies.


It's hard to blame the El Nino for things that happened before the El Nino even really started. It turns out that El Nino probably had some effect on 2020 four's numbers, but overall scientists were still scratching their heads. And what did they find? Yeah, They went to one other place, Scott. The next thing they looked at were these weird kinds of clouds. These are the tracks of ships. It's like a contra trail from an airplane, but from a ship over the ocean. That's Andrew Telman. He's a climate scientist at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory ships burn fossil fuels and the pollution from that actually creates these cloud trails behind them, that cool earth. And in 2020 that ship fuel actually got cleaner And that meant smaller shiprek clouds and in turn a hotter planet.


And that could actually make up about half of the mystery heat. And scientists think decreases in other clouds that were also formally caused by pollution might make up another chunk. So let me understand this. Clearer skies, sunnier skies caused by less pollution ends up promoting climate change. Yeah, it's not ideal, but scientists like say that that just means cutting fossil fuel emissions is even more important to get at that main driver of climate change. Well, Andrew Barda of NPRs Climate Desk, thanks so much for being with us. Yeah, glad to be here. Thanks.


And finally, TikTok, It's F in the United States is now in the hands of the Supreme Court. Lawyers for the video app argued before the court yesterday asking the justices to halt a law that could have the service banned in eight days. But the Justice Department says unless TikTok loses its Chinese owner by dance, it must shut down in the United States and appears Bobby Allen was in court for the arguments and joins us here in our studios. Bobby, thanks for being with us. Morning Scott. What Did TikTok say? Tiktoks legal team said, allowing the federal government to shut down the app would defy precedent. They called TikTok the modern public square and they said forcing it offline would suppress the speech of 170 million Americans who use the app as well as the company's own protect expression.


Meaning when TikTok curates what people see on the app, that is actually a type of speech that would be suppressed by the ban if the Supreme Court does not block the law. Tiktoks lawyer said, Scott, the app will go dark next Sunday. And how did the government respond to the free speech argument? Yeah, solicitor General Elizabeth pre logger argued that Congress passed the TikTok divested ban law as a way of addressing the app's national security problem as long as data flows between Beijing and TikTok. And as long as bite dance controls tiktoks algorithm, she says Americans are just too exposed to the Chinese government. She argued that the problem isn't China's foreign ownership, the problem is the ownership is by an enemy of the United States that wants to spy on Americans and create havoc.


Here's pre lager For the, the Chinese government to have this vast trove of incredibly sensitive data about them, I think obviously exposes our nation as a whole to a, a risk of espionage and blackmail. Yeah, in court pre lager said, I mean, think about it. Beijing has all of this information on millions of teenagers now, but you know, maybe they don't wanna do anything with it now, but weaponize it later when some of these teens say, you know, take jobs with the government or maybe join the military. Bobby, could you discern that the justices seemed to be leaning one way or another? Yeah, they had tough questions for both sides, Scott, but you know, liberal and conservative justices were quite skeptical that tiktoks free speech would be more important than an overseas security threat.


Chief Justice John Roberts said Congress had no problem with tiktoks free speech when lawmakers passed the law banning the app back in April. Robert said the issue is and has always been by dance Congress is fine with the expression, they're not fine with a foreign adversary as they've determined it is gathering all this information about the 170 million people who use TikTok. So Bobby, the ban's supposed to go into effect in eight days. What do you see between now and then? Well, we're waiting on two things from the court first, whether they will delay the law's January 19th start date, and secondly, whether the law will be upheld or struck down. So the merits now, if the law is upheld, TikTok says its infrastructure will start to crumble, but the company is putting a lot of stock in President-elect Donald Trump.


He has vowed to keep TikTok alive and he actually will have a lot of latitude over tiktoks future. Even if the court backs the ban, he could tell his administration not to enforce it. And if the laws upheld any indication, ance would sell TikTok. Yeah, ance has long maintained that TikTok is not for sale and the US government knows this quite well, but solicitor general pre lager told the justices that maybe if the law does take effect, China will change its stance. Right? Maybe that will be the leverage China needs. It will just jolt them into finally saying, okay, finally we will sell us TikTok over to a American company. But we don't know yet, Scott. So we shall see.


Time will tell. N P's Bobby Allen, thanks so Much. Thanks Scott. And that's Upfirst for Saturday, January 11th, 2025. I'm Aisha Roscoe. And I'm Scott Simon. Today's podcast was produced by Michael Radcliffe with help from Chris Thomas and Gabe O'Connor. Andrew Craig directed Ed McNulty is our editor, along with Matthew Sherman, Eric Whitney, Neela Banerjee, and Kara Platoni. Andy ER is our technical director with engineering support from Zach Coleman, David Greenberg and Arthur Holiday. Lauren Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Lucy Oliver is our executive producer and Jim Kane is our deputy managing editor.


Tomorrow on The Sunday Story, a look at Christian nationalism in the US through the lens of a rural far right church. It has influenced far beyond tiny Moscow, Idaho. And for more news interviews and analysis, You Can tune into weekend edition on your radio. Go to stations npr.org, find your local station. Do it right now, Please. Just, I'm gonna ask just nicely.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.