
Third party negotiators say that they are close to completing a ceasefire deal in the Gaza War. Even so Israel and Hamas have not commented on the latest proposal. I'm David Ffl. And I'm Scott Simon. And this is upfirst from NPR News. The mediators say a smaller team will meet again next week to iron out details. We'll have more in that agreement. And the emergence of polio and the Gaza Strip, Plus another set of peace talks continues this one to end the war in Sudan. That Conflict between the government and rebels is led to the world's worst refugee crisis. And we look ahead to the Democratic National Convention in Chicago next week.


So please stay with us. We have the news you need to start your weekend


Support for this podcast and the following message come from BetterHelp even when we know what makes us happy, it's hard to make time for it. Prioritize a self-care and make therapy one of your self-care non-negotiables with BetterHelp online therapy. Fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge at BetterHelp dot com slash npr.


This message comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One na member FDIC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Comedy Central's, the Daily Show reminding you that not all elections are created equal. Some are much, much worse than others. The political climate may be hotter than ever, but John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are barely breaking a sweat as they make sense of political nonsense Every weeknight. Comedy Central's, the Daily Show continuing 2024 election coverage weeknights at 11 on Comedy Central.


It's now been more than 10 months since the Moss led forces attacked Israel killing 1200 people there. Israel's counter attack has killed more than 40,000 Palestinians according to Gaza health officials. We turn now to NPRs Hadil Alci from Tel Aviv. Hadil, thanks so much for being with us. Of Course. Where do we stand with the talks? So international mediators said that they presented a proposal that narrows the gap between Israel and Haas. It's not the final deal, but they do say that this proposal is consistent with the plan. President Biden presented back in May. They said that this coming week a technical team will meet to iron out some sticking points like the hostage prisoner exchange and figure out how to deliver humanitarian aid to Palestinians in Gaza.


They'll have that meeting in Cairo. And you know, there have been some hopes that a deal may be reached soon. There is something that feels a bit different about this, this round of talks, you know, some positivity. President Biden even said that, you know, they're not there yet, but it is the closest they've come to an agreement. But he didn't wanna quote jinx anything. One of the big issues we're gonna be keeping an eye on is what happens with this control of a strip of land along GA as border with Egypt called the Philadelphia Quarter. Israel took control of it in May, and Hamas wants a withdrawal from it. They're also trying to figure out a system to screen Palestinians returning into North Gaza so that only unarmed civilians go through. And you know, these talks have been very important, but this round is especially critical because it comes after the killing of Haas's leader a couple of weeks ago into Haran, widely presumed that Israel was behind it.


So we've kind of all been holding our breath to see if Iran retaliates with its own strike and a positive deal may ward that off. And on Friday, the first case of polio was announced in Gaza by health officials. The World Health Organization has called for their own seven day pause of the war to vaccinate children. Could that happen? You know, we'll really have to wait and see on this one. Yesterday the United Nations Secretary General asked for this mini ceasefire and said they wanna go in to vaccinate at least 64,000 kids. He said the WHO approved the release of 1.6 million doses of polio vaccine to medical teams. And the Israeli government said it will work with the WHO on the vaccination campaign.


You know, Gaza's been polio free for 25 years according to the un. The the thing is, aid workers have been saying that it's been nearly impossible in some cases to deliver lifesaving supplies like vaccine in Gaza because there hasn't been a guarantee for their safety when they enter the strip. They've also had trouble getting medical supplies like refrigerators and fuel into Gaza, because many times the Israeli military who inspect the trucks bringing that stuff in will turn them back if they find one thing on them that they think could be used as a weapon. So even if they do agree to a pause of the war for a week for this vaccination campaign, it'll take an effort to organize And a deal. Some Israeli settlers went on a rampage Thursday in the Israeli occupied West Bank and killed a Palestinian this time.


Some far right Israeli politicians condemned the attacks. And that's not very common, is it? Yeah, exactly. So what happened is there was a dozens of settlers, many wearing masks, and they stormed a village near NLUs, shooting live ammunition, burning homes and cars. The United Nations says settler violence in the West Bank has doubled since the war in Gaza started in October. And in this case, the Israeli military was called in to break up the crowd. And they called it a serious incident that would be investigated. The military also said that they arrested one Israeli civilian. According to rights groups, arrests and prosecutions are pretty rare. In this case, prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also denounced the violence saying that he took the riot seriously.


But then even far right, finance minister Beza Morich condemned the attacks. He's an ultranationalist settler himself who has been using his political powers to push for expanding settlements in the West Bank. But this time he called the violent settlers Criminals. NPR sad in Tel Aviv. Thanks so much. You're Welcome. Negotiations to end the War in Sudan. Continue in Geneva today That conflict has displaced some 12 million people and run much of the population into acute hunger. NPRs West Africa correspondent Emmanuel Kintu joins us now.


Emmanuel, thanks so much for being with us. Good morning. What are conditions like in Sudan right now? You know, the collapse of the country has been an epic disaster and, and it's only getting worse. And there are several factors at play. More than a fifth of the population in Sudan has been displaced in just over a year, 15 months or so. Fighting the health system has collapsed. The few hospitals that haven't been destroyed are overwhelmed and more than a million people are already suffering famine, light conditions. And there are fears of a genocide against African ethnic groups in the Western region of Dove four. It happened 20 years ago and it appears to be happening again and the volume of aid just hasn't been high enough.


And both sides have blocked aid from being delivered across the country. I spoke to Mohamed Refa. He's the head of the International Organization for Migration's Mission in Sudan. It's a UN agency which has been responding to the refugee crisis. And he says aid delivery has been even harder during the rainy season. We have now floods that started almost a month ago that have been cutting routes. We are not able to access some of the major cities in Sudan. Over 73,000 have been impacted and dozens of people are missing. Duration is really dire. Eight groups say millions of people and children could die of hunger in the next few months if there's not an intervention.


And tell us about the peace talks in Geneva because past attempts have failed. Well, there are two main parties to this war. There's the Sudanese Armed Forces, or SAF, who are the military government in Sudan, and there's the rapid support forces, a paramilitary group. These two parties were allies and now they're fighting essentially for control of the country at these talks so far, the SAF haven't actually showed up, which has undermined the talks from the start. They're upset that the talks give legitimacy to the RSF and positions them as equal players. And they also object to the role of the United Arab Emirates at the talks. They and other organizations accused the UAE of backing the RSF, who of course deny this.


So overall it's not been a great look for these US efforts. Tom Perello is the US envoy to Sudan, and he spoke about this in an interview yesterday. We Really respect their right to give their own explanation of why they're not here. But we've gone forward with a really strong diplomatic coalition. The focus is on results. We are moving forward, and we could do so much more if the SAF delegation were to arrive. So they're still hoping the SAF will show up at this point. A ceasefire seems unrealistic, but there have been some attempts towards opening up aid routes, but not a major breakthrough as of yet. Emmanuel, why? Why is it more being done to pressure various parties to stop the war and end this horrific humanitarian crisis?


Well, Scott, it's been virtually impossible to get a consensus between all the international actors who have a stake in Sudan. And this country has been this battleground of international competition for its resources and for influence for several years. You know, several countries are fueling this war, providing arms supplies to both sides, you know, like Egypt, Saudi Arabia. But a major factor has been the UAE. They've been accused of heavily funding the RSF essentially. As long as this support continues, so will the war. And Paris Emanuel Aquin, wto, thank you so much for being with us. Thanks Cole.


And finally, some news about home. Quite literally home for Scott. That's right. Sweet Home Chicago, once again, host the Democratic National Convention. NPR senior Editor and correspondent Ron Eling joins us. Ron, thanks for being with us. Good to be with you, Scott. The nominees, of course, are already in place at the DNC for the Democratic National Convention. So will the next four days just be an infomercial? That's what these conventions have become now four nights of pep rally fundraising and free airtime for personal promotion. We haven't had a convention with real suspense about the outcome since the 19th, seventies. It's all been decided in the primaries still, it's a major task to stage a successful convention, one that really boosts a candidate.


And this one in particular has a lot at stake both inside and outside the convention hall. Inside. It'll be about sustaining the energy that Vice President Harris has going for her right now. But outside will be a different story. Demonstrators, angry about US, support for Israel or angry at the Biden administration for other issues are expected to turn out by the thousands, maybe tens of thousands. And this could well bring back memories of the street violence that ruined the Democratic Convention in Chicago in 1968. That was when the Vietnam War brought huge crowds of protestors marching in the streets where many were beaten by police.


Lots of enthusiasm now and encouraging information in the polls, but there is a lot of road between now and November. What kind of challenges does the Vice President's campaign have to keep up that sense of search and popularity? She made a good start, but she needs a strong follow through. So for example, this week she's been in North Carolina laying out some programmatic detail about her economic plan. She knows it's not enough to tell consumers that inflation has slowed, which it has. Consumers want prices to come down and they are ready to believe that many businesses have profited perhaps excessively by keeping them elevated. So tax policy is another area for siding with working families.


And here she is talking about the tax cuts in her economic plan. Under my plan, more than 100 million Americans will get a tax cut. And we will do this by restoring two tax cuts designed to help middle class and working Americans, the earned income tax credit, and the child tax credit through which millions of Americans with children got to keep more of their hard earned income.


How was the Trump campaign responding? Trump and his campaign have struggled to find their footings since Biden dropped out and Harris stepped in. They had a playbook that was working for them all year until the end of June. And now it's largely irrelevant. Trump himself has not been out there stumping the way Harris has. He had a press conference at Mar-a-Lago, and a rather glitchy two hour conversation with Elon Musk and both produced as much negative news as positive. In fact, both contributed to a storyline that's been circulating, asking whether Trump is in fact okay, or whether he is showing signs of his age more than before.


And this week, Trump did what troubled baseball teams sometimes do. Scott, he brought in a new manager. In this case it's an old manager, Corey Lewandowski, a name from 2016. He was around for the first part of Trump's rise in the primaries that year, but he was replaced soon thereafter. I'm gonna ask you about an unusual moment this week. Donald Trump speaking in his estate in Bedminster, New Jersey Thursday night, said that the presidential medals of freedom he gave out while president are valued above the Medal of Honor. And he became, I think it's fair to say what I'll call painfully specific.


Those medals of freedom are certainly a worthy accolade, Scott, they've been used to salute achievement in many fields, sports and entertainment, but also at times used by presidents in both parties as a reward for political allies. Trump used it in office to honor radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh, for instance, and also to honor the wife of a billionaire donor, Shelton Adelson woman, who is now his widow, Miriam Adelson. And she was at a Trump event this week, and he referred to his giving her that medal and he called it the equivalent of the Medal of Honor, sometimes known as the Congressional Medal of Honor. That's the highest and most revered honor in the military.


It's given in recognition of the extraordinary actions of soldiers, sailors, and marines who risked and often sacrificed their lives for others. But then Trump went on to say that the medal he gave Miriam Addison was actually much better because everyone who gets the Congressional medal of honor that soldiers, they're either in very bad shape because they've been hit so many times by bullets or they're dead end quote. And last night, the head of the VFW, the nation's oldest and largest veterans group called Trump's remarks asinine and said they forced him to question Trump's fitness to be commander in Chief NPRs Ron Elvin.


Thanks so much. Thank you, Scott. And that's upfirst for Saturday, August 17th. I'm David Fen Flick. And I'm Scott Simon Fernando Naro. And Andrew Craig produced today's podcast, Danny Hensel, director. Our editors were Dee Parvez, Shannon Rhodes, Greg Dixon and Matthew Sherman. Hannah Glo, our technical director with engineering help from Nisha Highness, Arthur Lauren and Andy Hether. Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Oliver's our executive producer. And Jim Kane, he's our deputy managing editor. Tomorrow here in the upfirst Podcast, feed a close look at the New Hampshire Youth Detention Center and why 1300 former residents as far back as 60 years ago have filed lawsuits over alleged abuse.


And why not listen to more news analysis interviews, and even some game shows. Hey, we all need a little joy on your local NPR station. Find it by going to stations npr.org. Do it now. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org.


That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash npr.