
Upheaval at the Pentagon. President Donald Trump fires the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Top military lawyers are also out as are more than five thousand personnel. I'm Aisha Roka. And I'm Scott Simon. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. Hamas freeze more Israeli hostages in exchange for Palestinian prisoners. The militant group has also returned the body of Sherry Bibas, whose remains were initially misidentified in an earlier handover will have the latest. And in New York state, the governor has deployed National Guard troops to help secure prisons At amid protests by corrections officers.


Some are on strike. Guards of two prisons. Walked off the job last week. Stay with us. We have the news you need to start your weekend.


Support comes from our 2025 lead sponsor of Upfirst Amazon Business. How can you grow your business from idea to industry leader? Bring your vision to life with smart business buying tools and technology from Amazon Business. From fast free shipping to in-depth buying insights and automated purchase approvals. They deliver everything you need to achieve your goals. It's not easy to stand out from the crowd. Simplify how you stock up. To get ahead. Go to Amazon Business dot com for support.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org. 99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country.


Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR Air Force General Charles Q. Brown Jr. The second African American to serve as the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff is now out of a job. He was fired last night by President Trump. Trump has nominated Air Force Lieutenant General Dan Kain as his replacement. NPR Pentagon correspondent Tom Bowman joins us with more details about this and other Department of Defense, Jacobs. Tom, thanks for being here. Good to Be with you Scott. What happened? Well, you know, it is stunning, but it's actually was expected, Scott. There's been talked for weeks that General Brown would be fired. And a lot of this comes down to a sense the general was chosen for the Post because of the color of his skin, not his ability.


Now again, he's a second African American after Colin Powell to hold the top military job. But defense secretary Pete Hegseth wrote in his book War on Warriors that Brown should be fired because he was pushing diversity programs and questioned whether he got the job because of the color of his skin or his skill. Hegseth said he made the race card his biggest calling card. Now Brown did make an emotional video after the death of George Floyd recalling his discrimination. He felt rising through the ranks in the Air Force. But Brown's an accomplished F 16 pilot, held numerous commands. And also it was Trump during his first term who nominated him to become Air Force Chief, Who's General Cain man, said to replace him.


General Cain, he's an F 16 pilot like CQ Brown. He rose up through the ranks and met Trump while he was stationed in Baghdad back in 2018 19. And Trump said, Cain told him that ISIS could be defeated quickly and Trump said he delivered. And what's important to note, Scott, is that Brown came up with the strategy to defeat isis. He was gonna treat it as a state, not as a terror group, or you'll provide air support to the Kurdish fighters on the ground. He went after their infrastructure, went after their banks. That's what ended the Islamic state. You know, that's something that Trump never mentioned. And Dan Kane more recently spent time working at the CIA.


Several people I spoke with at the Pentagon and on Capitol Hill said they had to Google him. He's a retired three star, so he'll have to come back on active duty, be promoted to four star rank and will need Senate approval. Secretary Hegseth also fired the top admiral in the Navy. Admiral Lisa Franchetti, the first woman to hold the job. And that's of course along with a lot of other firings. Tell us about that. Well, again, hegseth said in his book, you know, she was chosen because of her gender. She rose up the ranks herself was a commanded, a destroyer, two carrier strike groups, and also the sixth fleet that covers Europe and Asia. So a again, this was expected as well.


The sense was that her time was coming because again, they saw her as, as a diversity hire as woke. But again, Scott, these admirals and generals, they follow policy. They don't come up with these diversity programs. They're following policy set by civilians. And now they're paying the price More than 5,000 civilians also being let go from the DOD, aren't they? That's right. We'll see that next week roughly 5,400 we're told throughout the Pentagon and also the defense agencies, and that's their first tranche we're told of up to 55,000 civilian probationary workers who will be let go. And the savings from these firings and other cuts to programs will be used to build more submarines, drones, and also missile defense.


NPR Pentagon correspondent Tom Bowman. Thanks so much for being with us, Tom. You're Welcome, Scott. Today another release of living Israeli hostages in exchange for Palestinian prisoners. It's the last such exchange in the first phase of the ceasefire between Hamas and Israel. And here's Kat Lon Dorf joins us now. Kat, thanks for being with us. Hey, good morning. What can you tell us about the hostages released today? So the hostages released today are four men who had been captured in the October 7th, 2023 Hamas attack on Southern Israel and held captive throughout the war.


And then also two hostages that have been held in Gaza for around a decade. One is an Ethiopian Israeli man and the other is a Bedouin Arab citizen of Israel. Both of them had been taken captive after they had crossed into Gaza on their own years ago in separate incidents. And what were today's releases like? So in Gaza it was a bit more complicated than other releases In the past, the six were released in three different locations throughout the Gaza Strip. But generally the scene was similar to others that we've seen in this past month. The hostages were brought on a stage by a masked toma gunman with a huge crowd of Palestinian onlookers before being released in to the International Committee of the Red Cross, and then driven to meet Israeli forces In exchange for these hostages.


And the four bodies returned earlier this week. Israel has agreed to release more than 600 Palestinians from Israeli jails. Yeah, what, what details do you have about that? So this is the largest release of Palestinian prisoners and detainees at one time during this ceasefire, among them are prisoners serving life sentences for deadly attacks on Israelis, but also many who have been held in administrative detention without charge or sentences, including women and minors. More than 400 of them are Palestinians who had been detained in Gaza during the war. And they're going to be released back to Gaza. Others are being deported to Egypt. Kat. There was a mix up with one of the bodies Herma released earlier this week.


It was supposed to be that an Israeli mother returned with the bodies of her two young sons who were slain, but it, it wasn't What's the latest? Yeah. So this was the body of Sheri Bibas who had been captured with her husband and two young sons on October 7th, 2023. And together the family had become a symbol in Israel of the hostage struggle. Hamas says Sheri and her two children were killed in an Israeli airstrike early in the war. Hamas supposedly released their bodies on Thursday, like you said, but when they were taken to a forensic lab here in Israel, it was found that the woman's body was not Sheri. It was an an unidentified woman. Hamas then gave a different body back to Israel late last night.


That body was then positively identified as Sheri. The forensic examiner here in Israel found that all three, Sheri and her two young sons had been murdered, but did not provide further details or evidence as to how This is the last scheduled release of hostages who are alive from Gaza in the first phase of the agreement. What's next? So there are four more bodies set to be released next week in this first phase, but there are still dozens of hostages in Gaza talks for the next phase of the deal. They were supposed to start weeks ago, and they haven't started yet. Hamaha said it's ready to quote, engage immediately in negotiations. But the situation here in Israel is, is really complicated.


Several far right members in Israel's government want the war to resume. Meanwhile, most of the Israeli public want the ceasefire to continue and the rest of the hostages to be released. Here's 43-year-old Liat er. She talked to NPR producer I stern this morning, and a crowd of people gathered in Tel Aviv in support of the hostages. If you're walking around here and seeing all the people here, the people of Israel voting with their no hands, feets, whatever they can do, and doing everything they can in their power to bring those hosts back home. You know, many of the Israelis we talked to today had a similar sentiment. They want this war to be over and they want the rest of the hostages released.


And Pier's Cat, Londo and Tel Aviv. Thanks so much, Kat. Thank you. Prison guards protesting working conditions they say are unfair and unsafe have been on strike across New York state since Monday. Inmates say they feel abandoned and unsafe And there have been other developments. This week a group of correctional officers were charged in a fatal beating of an inmate North country public radios. Emily Russell joins us. Emily, thanks for being with us. Good morning, Scott. And what has prompted the prison strikes in New York this week? Well, Corrections officers say they're overworked, they're understaffed, and they say they face dangerous conditions on the job.


The strike started at a few prisons Monday morning and has spread to 38 of the state's, 42 prisons. I should note it's actually illegal for New York State employees to go on strike, but that hasn't stopped. This one. Corrections officers are making a number of demands. A key one is to repeal the HALT act, which limits their use of solitary confinement. We talked to a retired corrections officer, Gregory King at the strike, outside the prison in Dana Moore this week. Inmates now don't have any repercussions for their actions. The flow of fentanyl and other drugs within the facility is outta control. So it's becoming unsafe for everybody that's working in there. Governor Kathy Hoel has deployed 3,500 New York National Guard troops to help secure prisons during the strikes, I gather tensions also on the rise of two prisons in northern New York this week.


What happened there? Well, part of the issue with these officers striking has been that the ones working inside these prisons don't have many people to relieve them. Now, it's a little unclear what exactly happened at these prisons, but in Ogdensburg we know that there were officers who were on duty who quote vacated their posts Wednesday night and left inmates unsupervised for hours. That's according to the State's Department of Corrections. A similar thing happened at one of the prisons in Malone on Thursday. And what are you able to hear from inmates and and groups that speak for them? Well, they say inmates are the ones suffering because of the strikes, the state has canceled visits at all prisons.


Advocates say that adds a layer of isolation on top of the push to allow officers more leeway with solitary confinement. I talked to Thomas Gantt. He served 25 years behind bars and now works for the Center for Community Alternatives. That's an advocacy group based in New York City. The answer isn't to continue to lock people away and confine them. The answer is to give programs to give skills, not just teaching the person how to mop and sweep a floor, but give them more contemporary skills. Gantt and a number of other advocates think the prison strikes are an attempt to distract from something else that happened this week. The arrest of officers charged with fatally beating an inmate back in December.


And Emily, please remind us about that incident and how it might figure into this week's arrests. Yeah, so, so back in December, several corrections officers at a prison near Utica, New York fatally beat an inmate, his name was Robert Brooks. Body camera footage shows Brooks in handcuffs as officers punch and kick and choke him, his death was ruled a homicide. And on Thursday, six officers were charged with murder. Three others were charged with manslaughter for not intervening. Every officer arraigned this week has pleaded not guilty. And how has the Governor of New York responded to all this? Well, in the case of Robert Brooks, governor Hoel said in a statement that corrections officers had been rightfully charged with murder.


As for the strikes, the state has tried to meet some of the demands. It has temporarily suspended parts of the HALT Act, so giving officers more flexibility to use solitary confinement and mediation talks are set to begin on Monday between state officials and the union that represents corrections officers. You know, all of this has happened the same week. The governor is dealing with a few other big issues, one being New York City Mayor Eric Adams and the Justice Department's involvement in his corruption case. And then President Donald Trump moved to reverse the city's congestion pricing plan. So it's been a chaotic week in New York to say the least. North Country Public Radio is Emily Russell. Emily, thanks so much for being with us.


Thanks Scott. And that's Upfirst for Saturday, February 22nd. I'm a Roscoe. And I'm Scott Simon Martin. Patience handcrafted today's podcast with care and with help from the equally gifted and talented Michael Radcliffe. Our editors are Eagle, died. Eagle. They really ought see someone about that. Andrew Sussman de de Skanky, Gigi Duben, Shannon Rhodes and Melissa Gray. She says Eagles are fine, but she's partial to owls. You know, I do not like birds. Our director is the very nimble Andrew Craig and his reflexes are catlike to counter the birds And making us fur along As technical director Andy Heer, engineering help from David Greenberg, Stacey Abbott, and Arthur Halladay.


Laurent. Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. And Sarah Lucy Oliver is our executive producer. They shake their heads at us a lot in wonder. Of course, in wonder, That's the nicest way to say it. And right along with them, the mighty Jim Kane is our deputy managing Editor. Tomorrow on The Sunday Story conspiracy theories are all over social media for some, that's as far as they go. But for reporter Zach Mack, they've infiltrated his family and frayed relationships. What happens when relatives can't agree on what's true and what isn't? And for more news, interviews, sports and music, You can tune into Weekend edition, Saturday and Sunday on your radio.


Go to stations.npr.org to find your local station.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org. Wait, wait, don't tell me. Fresh Air Upfirst NPR r News Now Planet Money. TED Radio Hour through line, the NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcast You can enjoy. Sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus dot NPR dot org.


Oh, hey there, I'm Brittany Lu and I don't know, maybe this is a little out of pocket to say, but I think you should listen to my podcast. It's called It's Been a Minute, and I love it. And I think you will too. Over the past couple months, over 100,000 new listeners started tuning in. Find out why. Listen to the It's Been a Minute podcast from NPR today.