
Mourners gathered today for Pope Francis's funeral in Vatican City. The pot have passed away on Monday, the age of 88. I'm Scott Simon in Washington DC, And I'm Lauren Freyer at St. Peters Square in Rome. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. AM live on the edge of St. Peters Square in front of the Vatican, where large crowds have been paying their respects to Pope Francis. Thank God We'll have more on the ceremony and how it reflects on Pope Francis' legacy. Plus the UN's food agency says it has delivered the last of its food supplies in Gaza, which remains under Israeli blockade.


So please Stay with us. We have the news. You need to start your weekend From media to tech, to politics. The world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now@donate.npr.org.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Throughline Podcast from NPR.


Imagine If you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to Nvs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


An estimated 200,000 people attended the funeral mass for Pope Francis today. Of course, that includes heads of state from all over the world. And Lauren, you're there in St. Peter's Square along with our colleague Sylvia Pojo and Ruth Sherlock. Lauren, let's start with you. Tell us please what you're seeing. Scott. We've just stepped into a renaissance painting. I'm looking up at the dome of St. Peter's Basilica etched across these deep blue skies and puffs of white clouds rolling past this square in front of the basilica, swelled with people today and with colors, cardinals in bright red, nuns in black and white monks in brown robes.


The day began with bells holding across the city and at the basilica here. And then a homage of global leaders, royals, military men and women. The cobblestone streets of Rome have been lined with people in some places, 20 people deep applauding as the Pope Mobile carried Francis out of the Vatican for the last time passed Roman ruins passed the coliseum to his final resting place in an immigrant neighborhood. And Scott, one of the things that strikes me, while these were very traditional Catholic rights, this has been a very interfaith commemoration. There have been Muslim clerics here I saw a person in a Native American feather headdress, European royals with medals pinned on their coats next to Latin American nuns, next to African leaders in military dress, a very global sendoff for Pope Francis And Sylvia Polie.


You covered Pope Francis on so many papal trips around the world. What, what signs did you see of his global legacy there today? Oh, there was huge evidence of his global outreach here. There were, as Lauren said, representatives of many of the world's religions. And the mass was sprinkled with readings in many languages. Not just Latin, Italian and English, but also Arabic, Polish and Chinese. Pope Francis made many foreign trips. I went on several to Cuba, the U us, several African countries and the Middle East. And in his homily, the Dean of the College of Cardinals, Giovanni Batist re mentioned in particular the one in 2021 to Iraq, which has some of the world's oldest Christian communities.


And where the cardinal said, Pope Francis defied every risk providing what he called a balm on the open wounds of the Iraqi people who had suffered so much from the inhuman actions of isis. It was also on that trip that Francis visited the Shiite Astan in Najaf part of his outreach to the world of Islam. And our colleague NPR R'S Ruth Sherlock has been wading through the crowds of faithful all day today. Ruth, where? What are people telling you out there? Well, Lauren, there are people who traveled all night to be at this funeral. There was, for example, Anton Lamar who took a bus from Austria to arrive at dawn in Rome. This means so much to her and You can hear the emotion in her voice.


It is important. Arrive Rome for Papa Francisco. She's crying and you know, she talks about how much Pope Francis meant like, so like you've mentioned in for bringing different faiths together and you, you have stories like this all over the square. I spoke with Bishop Thomas masters who was in the crowd, dressed in his bright purple bishop robes. And I asked him why he chose to make this long trip from Florida to be here. I honor Pope Francis in so many different ways. Human rights. He was there justice, he was there fighting for the underdog. If I can use the expert, the people, the poor, the impoverished.


He was there and he did not use this position to be above and beyond others. The Pope used this position to be with the common people. St. Peter's Square is surrounded by these semicircle of colon aids with statues of Catholic saints all around. And that threw open to this bright blue sky. And many people in the crowd told me they felt as though Pope Francis might be looking down on this event from above Sylvia Solemn religious day, of course, but politics don't take the day off. President Trump was there. So was Ukraine's President Zelensky and former President Biden.


How did, how did all that work? Well, the crowd watching the ceremony on big video screens in the square made their opinion known clearly. They were silent when President Trump and the first lady arrived and broke out into loud applause. When Ukrainian president Ronald Demir Zelensky appeared, the White House confirmed trumpet. Zelensky met briefly before the ceremony, and we've seen a photo of the two of them seated in chairs inside St. Peter's basilica, arms on knees huddling deep in conversation. The seating order of all the other big, many delegations was very interesting. It was by name of nation in the alphabetical order of French, the language of diplomacy. The U US has the letter E for uni.


So President Trump sat between the representatives of Estonia and Finland. There was also a strict dress code. Many men wore black ties. Many women had the recommended long black dress heads covered by a black veil or lace man. One of the most striking moments was during the homily with President Trump sitting nearby. Cardinal Ray recalled a famous quote of Francis Bill bridges, not walls, one of the pope's strongest criticisms of the U US president's policy of deporting migrants. Ruth, you followed Pope Francis' funeral Cortez across Rome to the basilica of St. Mary Major where he's now been laid to rest. What's the scene there? Well, of course there were crowds of people outside this church that were so dear to Francis.


You know, this basilica's home to an icon, a painting of Mother Mary and baby Jesus that Francis would pray to before and after every trip outta Rome. And one of the priorities of his papacy was Francis' care for the poor and the disadvantaged. And he was known, for example, to slip outta the Vatican to visit homeless shelters nearby there. And this was also the final focus of this funeral too. A group of people from disadvantaged backgrounds were invited to be by the entrance of St. Mary. Major people without homes, migrants, prisoners, victims of war. It was a fitting end that these people should be the final people to say goodbye to this pope.


And Sylvia Pli, you covered this entire papacy from the moment that Pope Francis first stepped out onto the steps to greet the people to today. What are your thoughts? Well, I'm sitting here looking at this grand Baroque square, and I think it's very much this architecture is a representation of the temporal power of the Catholic church. One of the characteristics is Trump day optical illusion. I think that's a metaphor for that helps us understand the Vatican's modus operandi. Shifting perspectives, always using the conditional, that's the opposite of how Francis thought and acted. He was always very direct and assertive. It'll be interesting to see if his straightforward style will change the Vatican's centuries old secrecy and vagueness.


We'll have a better idea next week or maybe in 10 days or so when we see who the Cardinals pick as Francis's successor in the upcoming conclave. And p Sylvia Pojo with Sherlock and Lauren Freyer. Thank you all. Bye Scott. Thank you Scott. Thanks so much. It's been eight weeks since Israel's blockade cut off aid to Gaza that includes medical supplies and food. Israel says the blockade and bombardment are intended to compel Hamas to accept a ceasefire proposal and return the remaining hostages. Now the UN's Food Agency says that it is run out of supplies to distribute in Gaza.


And this is deep in the humanitarian crisis that's faced by roughly 2 million Palestinians who were there. And p Alci joins us. Thank you for being with us. Good morning Scott. No aid since the beginning of March. What's the current situation like? Alright, So the UN's World food Program announced yesterday that it has run out of food stocks that it supplies to charity kitchens that make meals for Palestinians. You know, about half of Gaza's population depends on these kitchens. Israel says it's blocked the aid because it wants Hamas to hand over more hostages and it accuses Hamas of stealing the aid. But the UN says that very little is actually diverted and humanitarian groups are calling the blockade a starvation tactic and potentially a war crime.


And Adiel, what are, what are you able to hear from Palestinians in, in Gaza? What are they eating? Yeah, so NPR R'S producer in Gaza, and as Baba went to one of these charity kitchens in central Gaza and spoke to na. He was in line to get that one plate of rice to feed his family of seven. He says the situation is catastrophic. There's no food, clean water, and life is just impossible. You know, Ennis himself has also told us he's been struggling to find food and the cash to buy it because you know, some other aid groups still have food stocks and there is still some food in the markets, but they're all quickly diminishing because no new goods are coming into Gaza. And the UN says the price of food in those markets has soared by as much as 1400%.


Israel is trying to use aid to pressure Hamas into a, a new deal and return the hostages. Any progress on that? I mean, short answer is not really. You know, what we do know is that this week Israel said the head of Mossad met with Qatar officials in Doha and Hamas said it sent a delegation to Cairo. And some talks with Egyptian mediators started today with them. But this is basically where we've been at for the past couple of months. You know, Hamas is still insisting on a full end to the war before releasing any more hostages. And Israel says it once, a short term ceasefire that would see some more of the hostages released. And they said that they just won't stop until Hamas is completely defeated. And we know that the Trump administration has made it very clear that it backs Israel.


And this week, a far-right Israeli cabinet member got a very warm reception here in in the U us. Tell us about his visit. That's right. So Ultra nationalist security minister Tamar Ben Gere was in the U US this week. You know, during the Biden administration, ultra nationalist politicians like Ben Vere were persona on grata for things like their extremist racist views on Arabs. But while Ben Gere didn't meet with President Trump this week, he did attend an event at Trump's Mar-a-Lago Resort. He said he met with senior Republican officials there. He didn't name them though. And after the meeting, he said he has support for his position on Gaza, which includes bombing food aid depots.


There as a means to pressure Hamas to return the hostages. But it, it wasn't all warm anti Gaza War protestors threw bottles at him and apparently they didn't miss when he was leaving an event hosted by a Jewish group at Yale University And Pier Losche in Tel Aviv. Thanks so much for being with us. You're very welcome. And That's Upfirst for Saturday, April 26th, 2025. I'm Lauren Freyer. And I'm Scott Simon. Andrew Craig produced today's episode with help from Gabe O'Connor, Fatima El Kasab, and Sarah Ventry De Parva is our editor, and she had help from Martha Ann Overland, Tara Neal and Carrie Con.


Michael Radcliffe is our director with support from technical director Andy ER and engineers, David Greenberg, Zach Coleman and Arthur Halladay. Lauren, Our senior supervising editor is Shannon Rhodes. Evie Stone is our executive producer, and Jim Kane is our deputy managing Editor. Tomorrow on The Sunday Story, a whistleblower inside the federal government says, doge representatives appear to have taken sensitive data and then covered their tracks. Tune in to hear more about their efforts and what such potential breaches could mean for the private data of millions of Americans. And for more news, sports and music, You can tune to weekend edition on your radio.


You can go to stations dot NPR dot org and find your local station.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus@plusdonpr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


There was Barb Heimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four Superman for a guide to the movies and TV we are most excited about this summer. Listen to the Pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.


Do you think you have a DHD? You're not alone. After the pandemic hit, there was a huge jump in A DHD diagnoses among adults. And at the same time, the internet is more and more obsessed with saying everything is a sign of it to identify the red flags. When a diagnosis goes viral, listen to the, it's been a minute podcast today.