
Will President Trump try to serve a third term? He won't rule it out. I'll tell you, I have had more people ask me to have a third term. The Constitution says he cannot. So how would he get around that? I mean, Martinez, that's Michelle Martin, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. A new executive order aims to reshape how American history is told through research monuments and museums. You can't turn an ugly history into a glorious one unless you're not telling The truth. What changes does the Trump administration wanna make? And rescue workers in Myanmar are searching through robo following Friday's. Earthquake. As the window defined survivors closes, the death toll is rising.


Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day From media to tech, to politics. The world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now at donate dot NPR dot org.


Imagine If you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPRs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


Could President Trump get elected to a third term in office? The Constitution says no. But President Trump has declined to rule out the possibility of serving a third term yesterday. Trump told NBC News's Kristin Welker in a phone call that he is quote, not joking about staying on as president and said there are ways he could, although he did not elaborate. Joining has to talk about all this his NPR Senior White House correspondent Tamara Keith who was traveling with the president this weekend. Good morning, Tam. Good morning. So Trump has talked about serving a third term many times. I think people assumed he was joking and based on the plain language of the 22nd Amendment, that would not be constitutional. So what's going on here?


You know, The way he talks about a third term, it's like he's keeping his options open on Air Force One. I asked him about what he told NBC and asked if that means he's not planning to leave office. And here's what he said. I'm not looking at that, but I'll tell you, I have had four people ask me to have a third term Later. I asked him again to clarify, are you planning to leave office on January 20th, 2029, or are you saying you might not? And he looked to the other reporters and said Any other questions? He also said, it is still quite early to be having these conversations. And as you say, the 22nd Amendment bars a president from being elected to a third term. But there are some novel legal theories that have been floated.


And while they are quite farfetched, the fact that Trump isn't dismissing it out of hand means it can't be ignored. Is there support for a third Trump term? As he says, Trump's approval rating is underwater right now, but these are better poll numbers than he's seen before. And there is something of a movement among his most ardent supporters to promote the idea of a third term. Earlier this month, Steve Bannon, who served in Trump's first White House and is now an influential podcaster, said that he not only thinks Trump should run, but that he'd win separately. Just three days into Trump's second term, a Republican congressman introduced a constitutional amendment to pave the way for a third Trump term.


But just to go back to the Constitution, there are actually two amendments that would stand in his way. The 22nd Amendment is one of those, it was put in place after FDR served four terms separately. The 12th Amendment prevents anyone disqualified constitutionally from being the president, from being the vice president. Is there a political reason for Trump to be saying this? This? Yeah. You know, he's in his second and final term unless something dramatic happens. And that means the clock is ticking on his power and relevance because soon members of his own party will be running to replace him and he will be seen as a lame duck. So teasing a third term has the potential, at least to extend his influence.


Before We let you go, in his conversation with NBC's, Kristin Wilker, Trump also made news on tariffs. Tell us what he said there, please. Yeah. He stood firm on the 25% tariffs on foreign automobile imports, including parts made outside of the us. He dismissed concerns that this could cause prices to rise for American consumers. He said, quote, I couldn't care less because if the prices on foreign cars go up, they're going to buy American cars. But even cars assembled in the US often contain parts made in other countries. The president is promising additional tariffs. Later this week, he is calling Wednesday Liberation Day. Economists warn Higher tariffs mean increased costs for consumers.


And polls show that voters just want the President to focus on bringing costs down. That is NPR s Tamara Keith Temp. Thank you. You're welcome. President Trump has issued an executive order to try to make changes at the Smithsonian Institution. The Smithsonian is the world's largest museum education and research complex, and it's comprised of 21 museums and libraries, each 14 education centers and the national zoo. The order also paves the way for the return of monuments that have been removed in recent years. NPR culture reporter Isabella Gomez Sarto is with us now for Mor. Good morning, Isabella. Good morning.


So The order is called Restoring Truth and Sanity to American History. Maybe start by telling us a bit more about what it says. A lot of this is about the people and stories that are highlighted at these museums and sites and the language used to describe American history. The order directs vice President JD Vance, who is on the Smithsonian's Board of Regents, to oversee the removal of quote, improper, divisive or anti-American ideology from the Smithsonian Museums and research centers. Smithsonian Secretary Lonnie Bunch sent an email on Friday telling staff that the Smithsonian will continue to employ internal review processes. And that quote, as always, our work will be shaped by the best scholarship free of partisanship to help the American public better understand the nation's history, challenges, and triumphs.


The Smithsonian spokesperson confirmed that email to NPR. And we should note here, Lonnie Bunch was previously the founding director of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture. One of the museums Trump's singled out in The executive order. There's also a section of The executive order focused on monuments. What does that say? That's right. I mean, if we can rewind a little bit. There's been a growing movement in recent years to reflect on what history we honor in the US and what may have been left out. But there was a turning point when a white police officer killed George Floyd, who was black in 2020. His death sparked wide protest and for a lot of people it was a reexamining of this country's racial history. Within a year and a half, 200 public Confederate symbols had been taken down, relocated or renamed.


That included things like monuments, school names, even road names. Those are numbers provided by the Southern Poverty Law Center, which is illegal. And advocacy group, which tracks Confederate iconography in the US I should say The executive order isn't specifically about Confederate symbols, but it instructs the Interior Secretary to review monuments, markers and statutes that may have been taken down or changed since January, 2020, more than a year before Trump left office in his first term and restore them. It calls for a wholesale review to make sure that memorials under interior department jurisdiction do not contain descriptions, depictions, or other content that inappropriately disparage Americans past or living, including persons living in colonial times. Do we know what monuments could actually be put back up?


That's the big question and it's pretty unclear right now. Seth Levy of the Southern Poverty Law Center says many of the sites that did see changes were on land controlled by municipalities and state governments. Not land controlled by the Department of the Interior or any of the bureaus that overseas like the National Park Service. I'm not actually aware of any removals on National Park Service Land. We reached out to the Department of the Interior and didn't hear back. So you know, a lot of this executive order focuses on how the story of America is told. So what are historians saying about this? That's right. I spoke with art historian Erin Thompson. She's the author of a book called Smashing Statues, the Rise and Fall of America's Public Monuments.


And she says that Trump's executive order is trying to gloss over some of the darker aspects of American history. But you can't turn an ugly history into a glorious one unless you're not telling the truth. Thompson says it's important to grapple with mistakes from the past so we don't make them again. But ultimately, you can't control historical memory by controlling monuments. That's NPR culture reporter Isabella Gomez. Sarmiento. Isabella, thank you. Thank you Myanmar's. Military authorities say the death toll from Friday's earthquake has risen to more than 1700 with thousands more wounded numbers that are expected to rise as the window for finding survivors closes.


While some foreign assistance has started to arrive in the country, efforts to get the help to those who need it may have been stymied by buckled roads, collapsed bridges, and down cell towers that made communication difficult. Reporter Michael Sullivan has been following the relief effort from neighboring Thailand. Hello, Michael. Good morning. So what do we know about the damage so far? Well, the pictures we're seeing coming out of Mandalay are pretty awful. It's Myanmar's second largest city, about 10 miles from the epicenter. And those pictures show many parts of the city of 1.5 million in ruins and efforts to free those trapped under the rubble have been hampered by a lack of heavy equipment and personnel. And time is running short for finding more survivors, especially with the temperature hovering near a hundred degrees and the smell of death rescue workers say is overpowering.


Here's a retired teacher from Mandalay. She doesn't wanna be identified. She's afraid of the military. My house was badly damaged, Jesus. So now we're sleeping out here in the road. A hot pot shop near my house just disappeared into the earth, she says, and many, many big buildings just collapsed. We cannot count how many have died. And this is just in in Mandalay, Michelle, there's other area rescuers haven't been able to reach. What has been the military government's response? Have they reached out to other countries for help? They have, and that's unusual. And maybe a sign they realize how bad things are. It's something they've been loathed to do in past crises, especially in 2008 when Cyclone Nagas struck and left about 140,000 dead emergency response teams from China, India, and Russia and some other countries have arrived in country.


But the airport in Mandalay, it's still closed to large aircraft And that means much of the foreign assistance is being flown into the former capital Yang. Gone some 350 miles to the South. That's a long way from Mandalay. President Trump said on Friday, the US will be helping too. But we're still waiting to see just how U S A ID has played a large role in disaster relief in the past, but it's been gutted by the Trump administration in recent weeks. And you know, you've reminded us that this is just the latest problem for the people of Myanmar because they're in the midst of a civil war. That's right. I mean, this war has been raging since the 2021 coup and it's crippled Myanmar's public health system. It's displaced millions and severely restricted the distribution of aid for those people and for others as well.


The UN says nearly 20 million people were in need of humanitarian assistance and roughly 15 million were facing acute food insecurity. That's before the quake. And there have been calls for a ceasefire from abroad and from some of the groups battling the military. So is the conflict on hold to deal with this tragedy? No. In fact, just hours after the quake, the military launched airstrikes and drone attacks in Corrine State, according to relief workers, and reportedly launched several more airstrikes on Sunday against another rebel controlled area in neighboring Sean State. The war goes on even as the death toll from the quake continues to rise. That is reporter Michael Sullivan in Thailand.


Michael, thank you. You're welcome. And that's Upfirst for Monday, March 31st. I'm Michel Martin


And A Martinez make one of the next things you listen to. Consider this from NPR. We hear it Upfirst give you the three big stories of the day are consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single news story and what it means to you. Everything you need to know about that big story of the day in fewer than 15 minutes, listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get those podcasts.


Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Christian Dev Kalimore, Clare Lombardo, Ryland Barton, Lisa Thompson, and Ellis Wolfley. It was produced by Zied Bunch, Nia Dumas and Chris Thomas. We get engineering support from Nisha Highness and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus do npr.org.


There was Barb Heimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four Superman for a guide to the movies and TV we are most excited about this summer. Listen to the Pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.


Do you think you have a DHD? You're not alone. After the pandemic hit, there was a huge jump in A DHD diagnoses among adults. And at the same time, the internet is more and more obsessed with saying everything is a sign of it. You Might have ADHD To identify the red flags when a diagnosis goes viral. Listen to the, it's been a minute podcast today.