
Vice President Harris Debates former President Trump. Tonight, It's their only scheduled meeting, and it comes as an early voting dates approach. How can each candidate make the case that they're the change people want? I mean, Martinez with Steve, and this is a first from NPR news. Israeli forces struck an area where Palestinians were told they'd find safety. Israel contends it, targeted Hamas fighters in a place where people were living in tents. Our producer stood by the bomb craters after the strike. What did he see? Also, what does police body cam footage reveal about the officers who removed Tyreek Hill from his car? Get Out. What of drama You understand They handcuffed the NFL Star shortly before a game.


stay with us. You've got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One na member FDIC.


This message comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One na member FDIC.


This message comes From. NPR R sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash npr.


The last time presidential candidates met for a debate, it transformed the presidential campaign. Now One candidate has changed and vice President Harris meets former President Trump for their first and only scheduled meeting. An NPR PBS News, Marist Poll shows a statistical dead heat and close to one third. Of those responding, say tonight's debate will help them decide on their vote N p's. Frank Cordius and Scott Horsley will be watching and are here to help us sort through the stakes. Gentlemen, good morning. Good morning, Good Morning. I'm thinking about that, finding that 30% or so of those responding, say the debate will help them decide on their vote. I, I guess there aren't nearly so many undecided voters, but there are people who are still assessing Kamala Harris, the newer candidate here.


What does she bring to the debate that Joe Biden couldn't in that disastrous debate in June? You know, Steve, I mean frankly, I mean she's younger, she has more energy and she's less likely to struggle when Trump attacks her. And as a former prosecutor, she can also hold Trump to account in a way that Biden couldn't and didn't. I mean, Biden didn't call out Trump's inability to answer questions. He didn't call out his lies any missteps. Also, you know, let's just point out that Harris is looking to keep this momentum going after her really big explosion onto the scene. I mean, she's still seeking to define herself in the eyes of voters, you know, trying to show that she can be the one to chart a new course for the country.


And she needs to show that she can be presidential, that a woman can be president. As for Trump, I'll just point out that he wants to end what they see as kind of this extended honeymoon. He wants to paint her as just the same as Biden and tie her to his most controversial policies while presenting himself as a change Candidate. And Scott Horsley, I guess we should just note that although Harris has improved in polling compared to Joe Biden, it's still very, very, very close. And voter's top concern is the economy for which they tend to blame the incumbent administration. How do you expect the candidates to lean on that? Yeah, well based on what we've heard elsewhere on the campaign trail, I imagine Trump will try to paint Harris as responsible for a lot of the inflation that people are unhappy about.


I imagine Harris will try to paint Trump as somebody who cuts taxes for the rich but doesn't do much for the middle class. And both candidates might talk about tariffs. You know, sweeping tariffs are a centerpiece of Trump's economic platform. Talking in New York last week, they seem to be his solution to just about every problem. Harris might remind people that Trump's tariffs in the first term invited a lot of retaliation from our trading partners and wound up hurting US farmers and other exporters. In addition to talking routinely about tariffs, Trump talks about domestic energy, traditional energy, drill, baby drill, that sort of thing. Yeah, and we may hear more from that, more from him on that tonight. You know, Harris could come back and saying, look, we, the United States is already producing a record amount of oil and natural gas while also boosting its production of clean energy like wind and solar US is the world's number one oil producer right now.


Now more broadly, people tell pollsters they're feeling a little more confident or less bad about the economy than they were a few months ago. What's the overall economic report card? You know, it is still chugging along. Employers are not adding jobs as fast as they had been, but the unemployment rate is still quite low. 4.2% inflation's cooled off considerably. Although prices are still higher than most people would like. Gasoline prices are a bright spot. They're down about 50 cents a gallon from a year ago. But grocery bills are still pretty high and we know that's a source of frustration for a lot of people. Yeah, Americans are still spending money though, and as long as that's the case, the economy's gonna continue to bob along. What people aren't doing is saving a lot of money.


The savings rate dropped to just 2.9% this summer. Wow. A lot of the extra savings that had piled up during the pandemic are now gone and some people are relying on credit cards to pay their bills at and at today's high interest rates, that's a very costly form of debt. Aren't interest rates about to start falling? We think, Yeah, we're pretty sure the federal reserves gonna start cutting interest rates next week when policymakers meet and mortgage rates have already come down a little Bit. Okay. And what does that add up to then when you look at the big picture economic message from each side? Well, I think Donald Trump is going to paint a, a dark picture of the US economy just as he does with immigration and foreign policy, and he'll present himself as the wouldbe rescuer.


There's a sizable constituency that buys into that narrative. Even back in 2020, a lot of voters gave Trump an edge on the economy, even though unemployment had soared to almost 15% when the pandemic hit. And remember, Trump was the first president since Herbert Hoover to leave office with fewer jobs than when he came in. Harris's challenge will be to remind people about that checkered history and defend the economic record of the Biden administration while also acknowledging people are unhappy about today's high prices. Okay, thanks very much. Scott Horsley. Franco Ordonius is still with us. And I'm thinking about the personalities on stage here. Franco Trump, when the candidates changed, when his opponent changed, he was he, he publicly said, they're telling me to speak differently and be more polite.


I'm not going to do it. So to what extent if it all, would he adjust his tone because he is facing a woman? Yeah, I mean, the campaign insists that he's not gonna ing adjust his tone essentially because she's a woman. But you're absolutely right. I mean, he boasts himself kind of as this great negotiator, but he has really struggled with women, especially women in power, who he sees as competition. I mean, you can think of Hillary Clinton, you can think of Nancy Pelosi. He's mean to everyone of course, but he is different with women. I mean, he criticizes their appearance, he belittles their intelligence. So that's absolutely something I'll be watching for whether Trump tones down his rhetoric. Another thing I'll just add that I'll be watching for is whether age creeps up in this debate.


You know, Biden was considered the old candidate in the last debate, but Trump is only a few years younger and his rambling speeches have been getting a lot more attention recently. Now that Biden is out. So I'll be watching for that as well to look to see if you have more tangents and whether that leads to questions about his age and fitness for the job. Hasn't Trump also been going on his social media platform and, and elsewhere by the way, and repeating promises to violate the Constitution, repeating promises to imprison people also? Yeah, I mean, he's saying he'll prosecute those. He says are going to steal the election from him. I mean of he's not giving any evidence of how, but these are kind of tactics that we've seen before where he kinda lays the groundwork to claim large scale voter fraud this time.


It is a little bit different though, with the threat of prison time for folks like the election workers and political operatives and donors to his opponent. I mean, it's really reminiscent of things he has said, you know, before when he posted about terminating parts of the Constitution. As for the debate, I anticipate it's going to come up because these are intimidating threats that are really not, have no basis in fact And no basis in law. How are the candidates preparing for the debate? Well, Harris spent several days in Pittsburgh going through traditional debate, pret, she's practicing with mock debates, she's working with advisors studying issues like the economy, but also immigration and Israel Gaza. Now Trump, he kind of scoffs at formal debate preparation.


He says he prepares by going out on the campaign trail. You know, they've scheduled a bunch of events over the last couple weeks on the key issues like the talk at the economic club. And I will just note that his campaign boasts that Harris can't prepare for Trump arguing that he's like the legendary boxer Muhammad Ali and all full of Surprises. Okay, NPRs Frank Ordonius and Scott Horsley. Thanks to you both. Thank you. Good to be with you. Tens of thousands of Palestinians in southern Gaza were told they would find relative safety from Israeli airstrikes in a neighborhood called Almo Wasi.


It's a densely packed area with hundreds of tents, and that is where the Israeli military struck today. Israel says it was targeting a Hamas operation center in the camp acclaim Hamas denies Gaza officials said the strike killed more than a dozen People. NPR Cchi has been following this. She's in Tel Aviv. Good morning, welcome. Good morning. Okay, I want to pass on a description of what it looked like in this neighborhood that was struck. Our producer, Anas Baba was on the scene. What did he see? Yeah, so Ennis rushed over early this morning and he talked to a number of survivors when he got there. When he got back, he described a chaotic scene, three massive craters in the middle of the area that he said looked like they were like maybe 150 feet deep tents were destroyed under rubble.


First responders told him that they took all night to pull the bodies out from underneath it. Ennis talked to 52-year-old Maha. She said that her family went to bed at 11:00 PM last night and then woke up by massive booms about an hour later, has said she was disoriented. Where am I sleeping? Where am I? She asked herself then after making sure her kids were safe, Maha said she looked around for her husband Ahmed and found him buried under the debris and rubble of the attack. And then she said she had to use her bare hands to dig him out. Said she was screaming her husband's name, Ahmed Ahmed until she was able to rescue him. Okay, so we have this picture of a wife, a woman pulling her husband out of the rubble and rescuing him.


In this case a number of other people were killed. Can you pull back now from that scene? What was this neighborhood? What was this area exactly right. So Alci is what Israel designated as a humanitarian zone. It's a place where they say Palestinians can find shelters some resources. It's a narrow strip of land that's about eight square miles outside unis. And overnight Palestinians said that there was no warning to civilians to evacuate before this strike. And it's worth noting that the Israeli military normally says when it's ordered an evacuation. But this time in a statement, it didn't say anything about that. This is the deadliest strike in the south of Gaza since a brief polio campaign that ended a couple of days ago.


During the vaccinations there was like a brief pause, but now it obviously appears that the bombardment has resumed. And you know, if Almo sounds a bit familiar, it's because the Israeli military struck there in July and killed at least 90 Palestinians according to health officials. It was also a humanitarian zone back then. So yeah, today's, today's strike wasn't the first time that the area seen one. And to Palestinians, it really enforces the impression that nowhere is safe in Gaza, even those that are designated safe. Where Do ceasefire negotiations stand? So if you've been trying to follow the negotiations and feel a little dizzy, I don't blame you. It's been months and months of talking. So let's fast forward to now. Last month there was some real impatience from international mediators.


President Biden and the leaders of Qatar and Egypt said that they had presented a quote, final bridging proposal to Israel and Hamas. Israel and Hamas have been blaming each other for stalling the talks not budging on some major sticking points, which is on brand for them since these talks began. But then over the weekend, the CIA head Bill Burns said that the US is making now a new ceasefire proposal to end the war. He said it hasn't been presented to either side yet, but he's hoping it'll come quote in the coming days. So the final deal didn't end up being final after all. Okay, NPR said DLL. Chelsea, thanks so much for the update. Really appreciate it. You're welcome.


Body cam footage released by the Miami Dade Police Department shows the encounter between officers and NFL Star Tyreek Hill on Sunday. The Dolphin star was on his way to the game when a traffic stop for speeding escalated quickly. Get off, get out, get out. What part of drama you Understand NPR sports correspondent Becky Sullivan has watched the footage. Becky, so what other video show? Well, you know, it starts like what seems like a pretty normal traffic stop. You know, you see a pair of officers sitting on motorcycles monitoring game day traffic. They're just right outside Hard Rock Stadium near Miami. It's a few hours before kickoff of Sunday's game before the Dolphins and the Jacksonville Jaguars. And so you can see like fans walking around in jerseys and a black sports car zips by the two policemen immediately flip on their lights to, to pursue him.


It's Tyreek Hill. He pulls over, he rolls his window down a bit to hand over his license and then rolls his window back up, which prompts this sort of like verbal disagreement between Hill and the police over whether to leave the window up or down. And soon one officer decides that he'll needs to get out of the Car. Yeah. And and the footage shows the officer opening Tyreek Hill's door to to get him outta the car. So how did it escalate to that? Yeah, I mean it was really this disagreement over the window thing that, you know, you heard in this clip that you played just now, this officer really just decides it's time to come out, opens the door, he uses his hands, you can see in the video to like forcefully yank a hill out of the car holding the back of Hill's head, pressing him to the ground.


A minute or two later, you know, after he's in handcuffs, there's another little disagreement when an officer has walked hill over to the curb and asks him to sit down, which hill declines that same officer who pulled him out of the car then runs over and sort of forces hill to the ground. And you can just hear the tenor of the interaction in this clip. And throughout the videos, I can Have surgery on my knee, I can had surgery on my knee, bro. I just had surgery on what I showed you in your ears when We got put the window down, chill bro. And there's a lot of officers involved. There's maybe at least half a dozen, most of them are much more calm. But really, honestly, it was pretty surprising to see how quickly it escalated. Ultimately, this is all over hill going perhaps 55 or 60 miles an hour on a road with a speed limit of 40 miles an hour.


And he ends up, you know, just getting excited for careless driving and failure to wear a seatbelt. I know. What did Miami police have to say so far? Well, department officials are tight-lipped as you might imagine. The investigation is ongoing. They say they did release this video last night. They say in the interest of keeping the public informed one officer who's not yet unidentified has been placed on administrative duty. Okay. And what about Tyre Hill and the Dolphins? Well, Hill's Lawyer says they will pursue legal action. And one thing that Hill said last night that I do think is worth probably bringing up is he was talking in an interview on CNN after the footage had come out and he explained why he'd kept that window rolled up, which was sort of this initial disagreement that seemed to prompt the dramatic reaction from the officer.


Basically Hill explains that he'd wanted to keep it up as a way of not making a scene. So like all these passers by fans walking to the stadium, he was worried they would all notice it was him and and just cause some commotion. And so I should also note that it wasn't just Hill involved in all of this because you know, on the way to the game, two other Dolphins players stopped, saw what was happening, got outta their own cars and tried to deescalate, tied into Johnny Smith and defensive lineman k Campbell, who worth noting one, the NFL's Walter Payton Man of the Year award back in 2019 for his own charitable work. So they're seen on the footage too. You can hear police yelling back, you know, sort of yelling at them to back away or I'll speak cuffed to themselves. So the Dolphins put out a statement last night, commending police for releasing the footage, but they called the officer's conduct aggressive and violent and urged officials at the department to take swift and strong action against those officers.


All right, NPRs Becky Sullivan. Thank you. You're welcome. And that's a first for this Tuesday, September 10th. I'm Steve Inskeep And May Martinez stay connected with NPR for full coverage of tonight's presidential debate between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris. You can listen live to the A BC news, presidential Debate Simulcast starting at 9:00 PM Eastern on the NPR app and many NPR stations. And then join us tomorrow on a first and morning edition for Analysis and Reaction. Today's upfirst was edited by Megan pr, Vincent Ni, Russell Lewis, Muhammad Al Barisi, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Zid bch, Iman Maani, Nia Dumas, Lindsay Totty and Chris Thomas.


We get engineering support from Arthur Lauren and our equally supportive technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes From NPR r sponsor. Mint Mobile From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


This message comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details, Capital One na member FDIC.