
President Trump proposes major cuts to federal spending, Part of the White House's budget plan for next year, But any spending will have to be approved by Congress. I'm aye Orozco. And I'm Scott Simon, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. The budget plan was announced after the economy shrank during the first three months of this year. The job figures announced this week were better than expected. What do these mixed signals tell us about the state of the economy? We'll have the latest And Secretary of State Bar. Rubio has added a new role to his portfolio. He's now the National Security Advisor. After Mike Waltz was moved aside, How could one official holding two top posts affect foreign policy?


Please Stay with us. We've got the news you need to start your weekend.


This message comes from Rinse These days You can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and sell stocks, but You can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with Rinse. Schedule a pickup with the Rinse app and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order at Rinse dot com. That's RINS e.com.


This message comes from ICF where AI powered tools and technology drive efficiency outcomes and mission. Success across government and industry i's data-driven solutions. Speed delivery, fast track results, and help you move forward with confidence. Experience the power of advanced technology and expert insight. Let's build an AI ready future start@icf.com. That's icf.com.


This message comes from Bombas socks. Underwear and t-shirts are the top three requested clothing items by people experiencing homelessness. Bombas makes all three and donates one item. For every item purchased, go to Bombas dot com slash NPR and use code NPR for 20% off.


President Trump has issued his first budget proposal since returning to the White House. He wants to slash spending for many federal agencies, but increase spending for defense and border security. The president's spending plans are expected to run into strong opposition in Congress, which will need to approve any budget. N p's. Daniel Kurtz Labin joins us. Danielle, thanks for being with us. Thank You. Scott, What do you see standing out in this budget? Well, first off, it would make some big cuts to non-defense spending. It would cut those by nearly one quarter. Now that is a big category. It includes education, transportation, scientific research, so it's a deep and broad swath of cuts. And then in turn there are some big spending additions.


Trump wants to boost defense spending by 13% to a trillion dollars per year. And not only that, but he's proposing a 65% boost to homeland security spending And that would go in part to mass deportations and completing the border wall. His signature issues. I should add though that this is not a full budget. It's an outline and it doesn't include mandatory spending. That's those big social safety net programs like Medicare and Medicaid. A more detailed full budget that's coming in the coming months. Tell us please more about those cuts to non-defense spending. Specifically what? Well, Trump is proposing some really deep cuts to a few agencies. He proposes cuts of more than 50% at the Environmental Protection Agency in the NI National Science Foundation.


He also proposes cuts at the Internal Revenue Service at the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration or noaa. I mean really if it's an agency that doesn't do immigration or defense, there's a good chance that Trump wants to cut it. He also proposes some cuts to education, although the administration did take care to specify that they don't propose cutting Head Start funding. Why does the administration want to cut spending at the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration or spending for scientific research? Well, that's because there's a lot of culture war in this budget and a lot of programs are argued against on those grounds. Now in this short document, the phrase DEI, for example, shows up 31 times, woke, shows up 12 times and so on.


Cuts from Noah are justified because of that agency's climate work. The budget says that some programs quote radicalize students against markets. So in that way the budget is very trumpy. But that said, there are some traditionally fiscal conservative moves in here. For example, the budget proposes moving a bunch of federal programs like rental assistance out of the federal government and to the state and local level. I talked to Jessica Rele. She's a budget expert at the right-Leaning Manhattan Institute and as a fiscal conservative, she likes some parts of this budget, but she said the cuts should be going to deficit reduction and instead they're going toward defense. There's no deficit reduction here. And if one accounts for the revenue losses from cutting IRS staff, one could argue that the net effect of this proposal would be to increase budget deficits.


Danielle, it's Congress that ultimately makes spending decisions. How much attention should we pay to this document? You're right, this is just the starting point of a conversation with Congress and presidents don't usually get to call the budget shots, but the fact that Trump keeps trying to cut spending on his own changes things. I talked to Brendan Duke at the left-leaning center for budget and policy priorities. Here's how he put it. I certainly think that they're shooting with live ammo in a way with their budget in a way that is not true of most budgets because they have shown their willingness to try to do these sorts of cuts without congressional sign off. There have been some court challenges that trump's attempted cuts so far, but congressional Republicans, they haven't really pushed back on those moves.


So this budget could be a roadmap for things to come from the Trump White House And bears. Daniel Kurtz Laben, thanks so much. Thanks Scott. President Trump's tariff policy is generated enormous economic uncertainty at home and abroad. The US economy is shrinking, consumer confidence is faltering, and yet the job market still appears to be strong. We're joined now by NPR Scott Horsley. Thanks for being with us, Scott. Good morning. Good to be with you. Let's begin with this positive note because even with the backdrop of of the president's trade war, employers continued to add a lot of jobs last month.


This sounds encouraging. Yes, that's right. Employers added 177,000 jobs in April, not quite as many as the month before, but more than forecasters had expected. And the unemployment rate held steady at a low 4.2%. That suggests that even with all the tariff chaos of the recent weeks, employers are still hiring. Wages are also still going up. So with more people working and paychecks getting bigger, that should provide some juice to keep the economy moving forward. But we also learned this week that the economy went backwards a little bit January through March. What do those numbers disclose? Right. Gross domestic product, which is the broadest measure of the economy, contracted in the first three months of the year after fairly strong growth in the waning months of the Biden administration.


In particular, consumer spending slowed down and it's really a two speed economy here. Wealthy people are still spending pretty freely, but the rest of the country is tightening its belt. One example is McDonald's. A lot of customers there are budget conscious, lower middle income people. This week the chief financial officer, Ian Borden, said McDonald's US sales had dropped more than 3.5% in the early months of this year. The big thing is people are just visiting less And that speaks to, I think the pressure on consumers. Consumer sentiment, obviously the the things that we've been talking about for a while now, inflationary pressures, interest rates that are weighing obviously particularly on lower consumers and that's spilling over into middle income consumers.


Right now, McDonald's is expanding its discount menu to try to bring more customers through the doors. But you know, as an economic indicator that drop in sales at my old employer, McDonald's is not such a happy meal. Well, and they miss you still. General Motors, another iconic US company also had some sobering economic news this week. What did they say? Yeah. GM projected that the president's tariffs could cost the company as much as $5 billion this year. The company hopes to mitigate some of that by ramping up production at a truck plant in Indiana. Shifting where some of its parts come from. But this is a reminder that a lot of domestic manufacturers rely on imports for parts and for raw materials, and they are struggling with Trump's tariffs.


Automakers cut almost 5,000 jobs in the US last month. Factories overall are in a slump right now. Tim Fre conducts a monthly survey of factory managers for the Institute for Supply Management, and he's hearing a lot of complaints about how the trade war is driving prices up and driving business away. This is not good. This is just another confirmation that tariffs are probably taking this in the wrong direction. We could be on a growth profile here, if not for the administration trying to change the way the entire world does business. As the trade war heated up last month, we saw factory orders, factory output, and factory employment all come down. Yet the stock market ended the week.


On a high note, what are investors figuring? Yeah, this is, this is one of those weeks when You can see the economic glass is half full or half empty, depending on which of the indicator numbers you look at and where you think the trade war is going. For the moment, investors are drinking from the half full glass, but that could easily change next week. And Pier Scott Ley, thanks so much. You're Welcome. President Trump's former national security advisor, Mike Waltz, lasted barely a hundred days in his post. He was widely criticized for accidentally adding a journalist to a chess group that was discussing military strikes on Yemen.


He's Been replaced by Secretary of State, Marco Rubio, who will now add the title of National Security Advisor to his growing roster of roles. But any time of global tensions, will he have the ability to do both jobs. And Paris National Security correspondent Greg Myy joins us. Greg, thanks for being with us. Good To be here. Scott, let's Start with the latest national security advisor. Mike Waltz was removed, or should we say relocated from his role. What was the stated reason? Where did he go? So Trump plans to nominate Waltz to become the US Ambassador to the United Nations. Now, vice President JD Vance tried to downplay any sense of turmoil.


In an interview on Fox News, he said Waltz was being given a new position for which he seemed better suited. The Media wants to frame this as a firing. Donald Trump has fired a lot of people. He doesn't give them Senate confirmed appointments afterwards. So still Trump wouldn't be doing this if he wasn't unhappy with Waltz's performance in some way. And this UN job is seen as a bit of a consolation prize. Now, waltz took responsibility for accidentally adding a journalist to that now infamous Signal Group chat back in March. And that was probably one contributing factor to his Move. And yet did he make the same misstep this week At Tuesday's, cabinet meeting, a Reuters photographer was there.


He took a photo sort of over the shoulder of Waltz and it showed waltz using signal on his phone. And in addition to this, waltz has had some policy positions that seem a bit outta sync with Trump before he joined Trump's team. He was very tough on Russia and supportive of Ukraine in contrast to Trump. So this was probably a factor as well. The President is replacing Waltz, at least temporarily with Secretary of State, Marco Rubio, who will also keep his job as Secretary of State. This is, this is a lot of work, isn't it? Yeah. I think the first thing Rubio is going to need to do is clone himself because he's gonna have to be in two places at once. The Secretary of State is in constant motion traveling from one foreign capital to the next.


In contrast, the National Security Advisor is usually quite close to the president. His natural habitat is the White House and the situation room in particular. His job is to work with various agencies, the Pentagon, the CIA, the State Department, and help the president sort through policy options. So it's not a natural fit to do both jobs simultaneously. This is likely a temporary arrangement and it does suggest Trump is putting a lot of trust in Rubio for now. One other note, the last time this happened was under President Nixon when he put Henry Kissinger. In both those roles, Rubio seems to have Kissinger beat. He has two other jobs as well, the acting head of U S A ID and the acting head of the National Archives.


Before the shakeup, it seemed that the defense secretary, Pete Hegseth, might be the cabinet member most likely to lose his job. Does Secretary Hegseth seems safer now? Well, given Trump's unpredictability, nothing is certain, but Hegseth looks to be safe for the moment. He's still facing a lot of criticism. His handpicked advisors have been dismissed. So it seems there's still some turmoil at the Pentagon. And as you noted, Scott, there's unprecedented churn in Trump's national security team. In his first term, he had four separate national security advisors. The first one, Mike Flynn, lasted less than a month. He also had four defense secretaries and four directors of national intelligence.


Of Course, all of this is occurring at a moment when there are number of conflicts and challenges abroad. Bring us up to date. So Trump still wants a ceasefire in the Russia, Ukraine war that's proving elusive. He's been more supportive of Russia in general, but this week the US signed an agreement with Ukraine on natural resources. So this may keep Trump a bit more engaged with Ukraine. Trump came into office just as the Israel Hamas truce was taking effect. That's now collapsed. The war in Gaza grinds on amid a major humanitarian crisis. And today, mark, seven weeks since the US launched a bombing campaign against the Houthis in Yemen, and we're still getting minimal information. We do know the US has lost at least a half dozen drones at $30 million a piece, and a jet fighter, which cost more than 60 million, fell off the deck of an aircraft carrier this week and San in the Red Sea N P's.


Greg Myy, thanks so much. Sure thing, Scott. And that's Upfirst for Saturday May 3rd, 2025. I'm a Rosco And I'm Scott Simon. Huh? Hold up. One more thing for you today here at Upfirst, we take keeping you informed seriously. Meanwhile, our friends at NPRs Wait, wait, don't tell me. Take making fun of the news. Very seriously. Each week they create a news quiz and we want to give Upfirst listeners the chance to play along. Test your knowledge of the week's news against the show's panelists by listening every weekend. Here is this week's lightning fill in the blank news quiz Now onto our final game.


Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds of which an answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Joel And Hari each have three. Peter has two. Woohoo. Right. So Peter, you are in second place. Yes. That means that you are gonna go first. Here we go. Fill in the blank. In response to the signal texting scandal, Trump announced he was reassigning National Security advisor. Blank, Whoever that guy is. His name is Mike Waltz and And he is gonna be un ambassador at the end of April. Both the s and p 500 and the blank closed in the red. The other one. The Dow Jones. Yes, the Dow Jones. This week, Canada and Mexico reported outbreaks of blank.


Oh, Are we exporting measles to them? Yes, we Are. Exporting trade continues. On Tuesday, lawmakers in Florida signed a bill to ban blank in the state's drinking water. Fluoride. Fluoride. Yes. This week a highway in Texas was shut down for 12 hours after a truck spilled $800,000 worth of blank. Oh, I heard about this. Dimes. Yes. Dimes on Wednesday. Not dime bags. Dimes. Dimes. On Wednesday, it was revealed that Martin Scorsese filmed one of the blank's. Final interviews. One of the blanks. Yes. That is a clue. Oh, oh, a pope. The Pope, yes. On Monday, blank kicked off her cowboy Carter World tour in Los Angeles. The Pope for black women.


Beyonce. Yes. This week a priest in Pennsylvania was sentenced to community service after he stole $40,000 from his parish and spent it on blank Cowboy Carter ticket. No One ticket. You know, ticket power ups in Mario Cart. Hey. That's right. 40,000. $40,000. The 52-year-old priest used the parish credit card to buy thousands of dollars in video game power ups for Mario cart tour. Oh my god. God. Can you imagine going to the confession booth saying, bless me, father, for I have sins in hearing. It's a me bill. How did Peter do in our quiz? Very well, Six, right? 12 more points.


14 is his total. Alright. Excuse Me, Joel. Yes. I'm arbitrarily choosing you to go next. Here we go. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday to commemorate his first 100 days in office, blank held a rally in Michigan, Trump. On Monday, Spain and Portugal were hit with a massive 12 hour blank blackout. Yeah. Power outage. This week, severe blanks tore through 12 states, Tornado And storms. Yes. On Wednesday, a judge suggested opening a criminal case against blank for their app store policies. Oh, Apple, right after the Lakers lost their spot in the postseason blank hinted he may retire from the NBA LeBron LeBron James. On Thursday, George Clooney, Bob Odenkirk, and Sarah Snook were all nominated for blank awards.


Tony? Yes. This week the US Navy lost a $60 million F 18 fighter. Jeff, after the aircraft carrier it was on, blanked Crashed into the ocean. No, the aircraft carrier turned too quickly and the jet slid off and into the water. The Navy confirmed that a quick turn caused the plane to slide off the ship and into the ocean, which is a real, you know, you had one job. Aircraft carrier Also, they are famously the slowest things to turn. Yes, I know. It's like you get a cliche, right? Well, you know, getting the government to change is like turning an aircraft carrier. Turns out, turn an aircraft carrier, just jerk the wheel really hard.


Bill, how did Joelle do on our quiz? Six rights. 12 more points. Slipping by Peter with a 15. There you are. So you didn't even need It. You didn't even Need it. So Hari is left to play. How many does he need to win? Well, Six to tie and seven to win. All right, here we go. Hari, this is for the game. Fill in the blank. Months after tense negotiations began, the US signed a rare minerals deal with blank Ukraine. Right. On Monday, the White House fired all the scientists working on a massive study of blank's effect on the United States. What are fruity pebbles? Climate Change, climate change in her first major speech since leaving office blank sharply criticized Trump's policies.


Kamala Harris. Right. During an interview this week, Ben Affleck said he thought that blank was the best work of his career. What are his children? No. What Is you think this is Jeopardy. Let me, let me have dreams, Peter. Okay. No, no, he, he said the best work of his career was the DVD commentary track for Armageddon. On, on Thursday, department store, blank fired their CEO for funneling business to his romantic partner, Macy's, No coals. On Wednesday, officials in Nepal drafted a law requiring anyone who wants to climb blank to be an experienced climber Mount Everest. Right? Last week, a woman in South Carolina sued a local restaurant after she took a bite of her sandwich and cracked her tooth on blank.


What is a gold nugget? She cracked Her tooth on another person's tooth. Whoa. Oh. Apparently the woman bit into her sandwich, cracked her molar on something hard and then discovered it was a tooth. She's understandably traumatized as I believe you are now. But this is why you have to be specific when you order a burger with everything on it. Bill did hurry. Do well enough to win. How dare you. Oh, we gotta read him anyway. Freeride, six more points.


Nine means joy. L is the chance. Well done. Oh, perfect. See how closely you followed the week's news and have some fun by listening to the podcast. Wait, wait. Don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Every Saturday is available in the NPR app and wherever you get your podcasts.


This message is from Synchrony Bank who wants to inspire you to keep dreaming. The goal setting retirement planning sale off into the sunset kind of dreams that start with saving smart. Open an account and dream on at synchrony.com/npr. Remember FDIC.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@warbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you are tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees, and free perks, Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees. Extra Mint Mobile for details.