
Israel is seeing the largest mass protest. Since the war in Gaza began. After six more hostages were found to have been killed. Protesters blame the Prime Minister for failing to bring them home alive. Will the Action Forces Ceasefire and Hostage Exchange deal. I'm Michelle Martin, that's Layla Faddle. And this is upfirst from NPR News. Labor unions are more active than ever. This Election Cycle Union members will be at the center of their communities bringing their friends and family and their neighbors to the polls. Vice President Kamala Harris' campaigning with President Biden and Pittsburgh today. Will union support be enough to win swing states like Pennsylvania? And? both presidential candidates have put America s housing issues on their agenda, but they have very different and vague plans to fix them.


stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares why Sattva Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At Sattva, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful. To make sure you make the right choice, Save up to $600 through Labor Day Weekend at SA tv.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Betterment. The drama of having an enemy turned lover is never chill. But your investing portfolio should be. Betterment is the investing app that lets you be totally chill about your finances. Their automated tech makes it easy to get in the market and stay in the market. Save the drama for that moment when you realize your mortal enemy is actually your soulmate. Betterment. Be invested and totally chill. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Enbridge. Enbridge delivers the energy life demands safely, reliably, and sustainably. Since 2002, Enbridge has committed more than $7 billion to renewable energy and power transmission projects. So you have the energy you need today while being ready for what's ahead. Learn more@tomorrowison.com.


In Israel, a nationwide general strike is underway, crippling much of the country. And last night, protests broke out in several Israeli cities in one of the largest anti-war demonstrations. To date, This is all part of a nationwide outpouring of grief and frustration. After the bodies of six hostages were recovered from Gaza over the weekend, they demanded an end to the war and a deal to bring remaining hostages. Home. Official autopsies by Israel showed that all six had been shot in recent days. That according to a statement from the Israeli Ministry of Health. For more, we're joined by NPRs Cat Lon Dorf in Tel Aviv.


Good morning, Kat. Hey, Layla. So let's start with this general strike today. How is that playing out? Yeah, so a lot of things are closed and many schools, government buildings, the airport even closed for a few hours this morning, and a lot of private businesses have closed in solidarity as well. It's pretty quiet in my neighborhood. For example, the nation's largest labor union here said that quote, only a strike will shock and went on to call for a ceasefire deal immediately. This is the first time this has happened since the war began last October. But I should also say not all areas of Israel are abiding by the strike. You know, that's showing the deep divisions that are present in this country right now. Hmm. I was looking at these incredible images of just people as far as you could see in these protests in Tel Aviv.


You were there. What were you seeing and hearing? Yeah, so like you said, the streets in downtown Tel Aviv were packed with people stretching for blocks and blocks. They were shutting down intersections. People were climbing on top of bus stops, and you know, they were waving Israeli flags, chanting to bring the remaining hostages home, holding signs, calling for an end of the war, and other signs calling Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, a murderer and a criminal. Like you said, the autopsy showed that these six hostages were all killed just days ago. And many people think that if Netanyahu had agreed to a ceasefire deal earlier, they would still be alive. People are really, really angry. Here's Tel Aviv resident Ori Elman. He calls Netanyahu by his nickname Bibe. Bibe needs to decide that he wants to sign the deal.


Vivi is the prime minister. He holds the key for the deal. He can keep on putting more and more obstacles and demands, but that's not relevant. Every single person I talked to last night blamed the death of these hostages on Netanyahu saying that they believed he was the one obstructing the ceasefire deal. So where do things stand with that deal that people are calling for? It's really hard to know exactly. There are negotiating teams still working through the technical parts of a possible deal. But even just yesterday, Netanyahu dug in saying that he won't give up Israeli military control of a strip of land between Egypt and Gaza called the Philadelphia corridor. He said that this is vital to his goal of eliminating Hamas and the militant group's access to the smuggling tunnels there.


This has been one of the main sticking points in the deal. And Netanyahu is not budging. Meanwhile. Hundreds of Palestinians have been killed in Israeli airstrikes in Gaza in the past few weeks as this ceasefire deal has been in negotiations. So the war is still very much continuing there. Yeah. And it's about to enter its 12th month. Tens of thousands of people. Yeah. Killed mostly women and children according to health officials there over that time. What is the situation today? Well, over the weekend in Israel, and Hamas agreed to a very limited pause in fighting in certain areas of Gaza. As UN officials, UN health workers began a very ambitious and challenging vaccination campaign against polio. They were able to vaccinate more than 72,000 children yesterday, according to health officials there, which is good, good.


But it's well below this 600,000 goal that they have for this three day campaign. That's NPRs Cat Lounge Dorf in Tel Aviv. Thanks, Kat. Thanks, Layla. When Democrats gathered in Chicago for their national convention unions were front and center. We know that when unions succeed, all workers win and protected the pensions of millions of union workers and middle class Bill America and Unions. Unions built the middle class, And today, vice president Kamala Harris will mark Labor Day with President Biden in Pittsburgh, a city with a strong union history.


N PS. Don Gagne joins us now to talk about the labor movement's active role in this Election. Hey Don. Hey There. So unions have been an important constituency for Democrats for a long time, but it feels like they're getting some extra attention this campaign season. Why is that? I mean, the stakes are just so high. This Election, by all accounts, is shaping up to be very close. It'll come down to just a few states and union members play a big role in battleground states, especially places like Pennsylvania and Michigan. The extra attention is also due to some new leadership within the movement. Take the United Auto Workers Union, Sean Fain, he's become a force nationally since taking over as president of that union last year, he led a national strike, a successful strike.


Now he's got the standing to really take an aggressive approach to getting friends of labor elected. Just give a listen to Fayne at the Democratic Convention. Kamala Harris is one of us. She's a fighter for the working class. And Donald Trump is a scab That is classic Sean Fain in your face using very, very strong language. Okay? That's why Democrats are courting these voters. What are union leaders themselves doing to organize? It's a lot more visible than it's been in past years, and I've covered this for a long time.


They're always out there at labor, working phone banks, canvassing, all of that. But this year it seems to be at another level, the AFL CIO's President Liz Schuler stresses though that it is still really about that person to person contact at union Halls in the break room, wherever Union members will be the ones who will be at the center of their communities, educating voters, bringing their friends and family and their neighbors and coworkers to the polls. That old fashioned person to person, getting people to the polls is what the labor movement's bread and butter is.


And so we're gonna continue to do that. It does though, Layla also this year include a growing presence on social media. Unions are all over Facebook Live. TikTok, Twitter X. So it's not replacing personal contact, but that's an important piece of it. Okay? But Republicans are still trying to go after these voters as well. What kind of pitch are they making and is it working? They're talking about the economy, job security, inflation, how they say climate change legislation will hurt auto companies, forcing them to transition to electric cars. All of that stuff is, is playing out. Trump too has been courting Unions, In the battlegrounds really since he first appeared on the scene.


And he's had some success. He's not carrying the union vote, but he's managed to cut into the Democrat's traditional margin and in a close, close race that could be enough. It is not unusual to find Trump's supporters who are also, say, wearing a UAW or a Teamsters t-shirt at one of his rallies. NPRs Don Gagne. Thank you, Don. My pleasure. The cost of living is a big issue for voters and the cost of housing is a big part of that, And both presidential candidates have plans to address that high cost of housing.


But there are few details and lots of questions. And Paris Jennifer Ludden is here to help us sort through them. Good morning. Hello. So let's start with Vice President Kamala Harris. She's put out an ad on her housing ideas and has been talking about this. What's her plan? Well, the, the main part of the biggest part of it is to boost our supply of housing. and that really is the core problem. I mean, this country has a severe shortage of especially affordable housing that has pushed up prices. Harris says she would build 3 million new housing units in four years. Okay? Theoretically, not impossible, but certainly ambitious. The first reality check here is to pay for it. Congress would need to approve that. And even if it did, there's another big challenge to building lots of housing.


It's restrictive zoning. Jung Choi with the non-Partisan Urban Institute says those rules are controlled by states and cities, not the federal government. So Unless they kind of cut down more restrictive land use and zoning regulations, then it would probably be more difficult to attain that 3 million goal. On top of that choices, you need enough workers and materials on hand to, you know, really ramp up construction that much that fast. Okay, so 3 million new apartments and homes. Doable, but not easy. But what else is Harris proposing? Two ideas. They get mixed reviews from housing experts. She wants to give $25,000 to help first time home buyers.


Now, Troy thinks helping more people own is good, but she says it's Econ 1 0 1. If you boost demand by giving people more money when there's such limited housing supply, it could just drive up prices. Also, Harris wants to reign in tax breaks for big investors who buy up single family homes and rent them out. They can price out people who wanna buy. But Troy says those companies are a small slice of the market. Alright, let's Turn to former President Trump. Of course, he has a record from his first term in office or his only term in office so far. What do we know about his plans if he were to win another term? We don't have that many details in what Trump is thinking about housing, even though of course he started out as a real estate developer.


But for years, and again in this campaign, he has spoken out strongly against low income housing. He says it brings down property values. He calls it an attack on the suburbs. Seamus Roller at the National Housing Law Project supports tenants rights. He says when Trump was in office, he also was no fan of public housing programs. There Were significant cuts to the federal housing programs proposed under Trump, and I would expect to see similar cuts proposed. It really depends on what Congress looks like as well. Beyond that, Trump says that deporting immigrants would free up more housing. Now, housing experts aren't sure how big a dent that would make, but they do say it could hurt new construction, which depends on immigrant labor.


Trump also wants to build more housing on federal land, which the Biden Harris administration is also supported. And he basically says he'd make it cheaper to buy a house because he'd bring down interest rates. But of course, Michelle, that power lies with the Federal Reserve and not the president. Yeah. Complicated. A long-term project to be sure. That is NPRs Jennifer lead and Jennifer, thank you. Thank you. And that's a first for Monday, September 2nd. I'm Layla fdi. And I'm Michelle Martin. Your next listen is consider this from NPR. We hear at upfirst give you the three big stories of the day are, consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single news story and what it means to you in just 15 minutes.


Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. And today's episode of upfirst was edited by Carrie Kahn, Megan Pratz, Catherine Laidlaw, Hamadan Badi and Jan Johnson. It was produced by T bch, Chris Thomas and Lindsay Totty We. get engineering support from Arthur Laurent And. our technical director is Stacy Abbott. Join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org.


That's plus.npr.org.


Support for NPR r and the following message come from Bombas. Bombas makes absurdly soft socks underwear and t-shirts. And for every item you purchase, Bombas donates another to someone facing homelessness. Get 20% off your first purchase@bombas.com slash NPR and use code NPR r support for NPR and the following message come from Bombas. Bombas makes absurdly soft socks underwear and T-shirts. And for every item you purchase, Bombas donates another to someone facing homelessness. Get 20% off your first purchase at bombas.com/npr and use code NPR.