
A new executive order is trying to stop federal funding to PBS and NPR. It's the latest attack on public media. What happens to local stations in news deserts if the money dries up? I'm Layla fdi. That's Michelle Martin. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. National Security Advisor Mike Waltz is leaving the White House. He's nominated for a new job as UN Ambassador. Is it a promotion or a punishment for Signal Gate? And a federal judge in Texas dealt a major blow to the President's efforts to deport non-citizens. This Decision protects everyone who's detained in the Southern District of Texas. It means that they cannot be removed anywhere under the Alien Enemies Act much less to a brutal Salvador in prison.


Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes financing your next car. Easy. Buy 100% online with customizable terms good for 30 days. Buy your car the convenient way with Carvana terms may apply.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. Mint Mobile took what's wrong with wireless and made it right. They offer premium wireless plans for less. And all plans include high-speed data, unlimited talk, and text, and nationwide coverage. See for yourself at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@bbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.


Late last night, president Trump issued an executive order that attempts to end federal funding for NPR and PBS accusing the organizations of political bias. It's the latest in a string of attacks on public media by the administration and Republican leaders in Congress. The move bans direct federal funding for the public broadcasters. It also bans local public radio and television stations from using taxpayer dollars to support them under NPR R'S Protocol for reporting on itself. No NPR executive reviewed this story before it airs With us to talk about all of this is NPRs Ryland Barton. Hi Ryland. Hi Leila. So tell us exactly how Trump is trying to defund NPR and PBS through this executive order.


Well, Trump is directing the Corporation for Public Broadcasting or CPB to stop sending money to NPR and PBS saying that federal funding should not support what he calls biased and partisan news coverage. We reached out to NPR and PBS and didn't hear back overnight, but NPR and PBS have repeatedly said they are fair in their coverage. CPB is this independent, created by Congress in 1967 to partially fund public broadcasters. And currently NPR receives about 1% of its funding directly from CPB and PBS gets about 15%. But the other part of this executive order tries to get at the indirect ways that the news organizations get federal dollars and that's through local stations.


They are banned from using CPB funds to pay for NPR or PBS content under the order. Now, I should say CPB is also fighting a different move by the president earlier this week to fire board members. So it's unclear how they will respond to this order they sued over that move saying they're not a federal agency And that board members don't serve at the pleasure of the president. CPB didn't respond to an overnight request for comment on this though. Okay. This appears to be the most direct attack on public media, but we all know this has been building for a while. Yeah. Layla listeners might remember that back in late March, the heads of NPR and PBS testified at this house hearing called anti-American airwaves, holding the heads of NPR and PBS accountable.


It was headed up by Republican representative Marjorie Taylor Green. Here she is speaking to NPR, CEO, Katherine Maher. Let me inform you And that so that your, that your federal funding is also paid for by the other half of the country. The 77 million Americans who voted for President Trump, someone you called a deranged racist sociopath. Green was referring to a social media post mar made before she became NPR. CEO Mar said she regretted the post and wouldn't have made it today. And Mar and her PBS counterpart rejected accusations that their coverage is biased. Okay. Tell us about how this would affect local stations.


Yeah, so stations like Louisville Public Media where I happen to be based and I'm sitting right now, yeah, they get an average of 8% to 10% of their revenue from CPB. That number's much, much higher for smaller rural stations. Sometimes over 50% of their funding stations have been sounding the alarm on this in recent months. You can hear it in their fund drives saying it's an existential threat to their operations and their communities. And it's unclear what this executive order means for them. But a lot of content on stations is national NPR and PBS programming. NPR relies on these number stations to cover breaking news and provide context that national reporters just can't always do. And they're sometimes the only news option for people in remote places providing life-saving emergency alerts about things like severe weather.


Right. Operating in a lot of news deserts too. Now there's another attempt to defund public broadcasting that could be in the works. Tell us about that. Right. A couple weeks ago, we reported that Trump was planning to ask Congress to claw back two years worth of funding for CPB. That's $1.1 billion. We still haven't seen that materialized Though. And prs Ryland Barton. Thank you, Ryland. Thank you. President Trump's National Security advisor, Mike Waltz, is leaving the White House. The announcement comes after he took the blame for, for accidentally adding a journalist to a group chat of top Trump officials, a chat where they discussed plans for upcoming military strikes in Yemen.


It's the first big shakeup in White House staff since Trump started his second term. NPR R'S Franco Ordonez is traveling with the president and he joins us now from West Palm Beach. Hi Franco. Hey Leila. Okay, so tell us more about how this went down and what it all means. Well, I'll say the White House is trying to put a good spin on it. President Trump says he's nominating Mike Waltz to serve as the US Ambassador to the United Nations, And that Secretary of State, Marco Rubio will serve as interim National Security Advisor while continuing to do his current job as well. And it's very unusual, I'll say, for one person to hold both major roles and it's not clearly how it's gonna work, and we really don't know who's going to replace Wal either.


This is all happening just a couple weeks before Trump's first major foreign trip to the Middle East. Now there has been, or there was a lot of turnover in Trump's first term, especially at the head of the NSC, but this is the first big shakeup of Trump 2.0 for waltz. His new job will depend on confirmation by the US Senate. So that means actually that the issue of how Waltz handled that group chat is likely to be front and center again. And that could really make the confirmation process tricky. We spent a lot of time over the past month talking about the signal incident. How did that controversy factor into Trump's decision here? I mean, it was embarrassing for the White House.


Waltz did take responsibility for accidentally inviting the editor of the Atlantic into a private signal chat, which was made up of top officials. They were discussing sensitive plans for us strikes on the Houthis in Yemen. Trump initially defended Waltz and downplayed the incident. As a quote glitch, I was actually with Trump yesterday and he didn't talk about moving Waltz, but vice President JD Vance did. And he insisted that the signal chat was not the reason for this change. During an interview on Fox News, I like Mike. I think he's a great guy. He's got the trust of both me and the president, but we also thought that he'd make a better UN ambassador as we get beyond this stage of the reforms that we've made to the National Security Council By reforms, Vance means staffing the NSC with people who are more loyal to Trump and support his policies.


Trump has a lot of people around him on national security issues. How did Waltz fit in there? You know, waltz had kind of a diminished role in recent months. He was more of a traditional Republican hawk compared to some of the other advisors who want to get America out from foreign involvement. And Trump loyalists never really trusted him. And we've seen Trump lean more heavily on other aids when it comes to big conflicts in Ukraine and Gaza, and even in talks with Iran, those included Rubio as well as the Middle East envoys, Steve Witkoff and even Treasury Secretary Scott Besant. Wal just never seemed to fully align with Trump's approach to Moscow and other adversaries.


But I will note that Vance also said in that Fox interview that that's not what this is all About. And finally, Franco, before we go, we hear that the Army is planning a parade to mark the President's birthday. Sounds unusual. What can you say about it? Yeah, it's a big military parade to mark the Army's 250th anniversary, as well as Trump's 79th birthday, which falls on June 14th. That's according to a source. Familiar with the planning, who wasn't permitted to talk publicly. Who told my colleague Tom Bowman? The source said the plan is awaiting White House approval. N ps Franco Ordonez. Thank you Franco. Thank you.


A federal judge says that President Trump's use of the Alien Enemies act to deport Venezuelan immigrants is unlawful. It's the first ruling of its kind. The decision comes from US District Judge Fernando Rodriguez Jr. In South Texas. I'll note he was appointed by President Trump, and this ruling is a blow to the President's efforts to remove migrants from the country. And P'S, immigration correspondence. Sergio Martinez Beltran has been following the case and joins me now. Hi, SEHA. Good morning. Good morning. So can you tell us more about this case and the ruling from Judge Rodriguez? Yeah. So the men in this Texas case have been threatened with imminent removal under the Alien Enemies Act. It's never been used in the way the Trump administration has.


The men are accused of being members of ua, a Venezuelan gang, and they're currently in detention at Alaya Detention Center in Raymondville, Texas. Now, US District Judge Fernando Rodriguez Jr. Wrote in his ruling that Trump's invocation of the Alien Enemies Act exceeds the scope of the statute. The government he ruled does not possess the lawful authority under the Alien Enemies Act to detain Venezuelan immigrants or remove them from the country. Okay, so how if the government doesn't have the authority to do it, well they've already done it. They've used the act to remove people. Right, right. I mean, Trump has used the act to remove more than 130 Venezuelan men from the US and send them to a maximum security prison in El Salvador.


The administration has accused all of them of being rag, but government officials have conceded. Not all of the Venezuelans have criminal records. Other courts have sought to block the Trump administration from deporting individuals under the act. But this is the first time a judge has ruled that Trump's use of the act is unlawful and it all comes down to language and also evidence. How Does that work? Well, Layla, president Trump issued a proclamation in March accusing the trend, AWA gang of quote, perpetrating, attempting and threatening an invasion or predatory incursion against the territory of the United States. Judge Rodriguez did an extensive analysis of the historical record, and he concluded the ordinary meaning of invasion or predatory inclusion when the Alien Enemies Act was enacted in 1798 required a military incursion or a hostile takeover.


He found that the criminal activities of Tawa members described in Trump's proclamation, while harmful did not amount to an invasion or predatory incursion as understood under the act. The Rodriguez wrote that Trump's proclamation does not suggest an armed group is trying to take over the us. So what does this mean for the men named in this lawsuit? Yeah, so the lawsuit names three Venezuelan men, but they're also representatives of a bigger class action. Here's the lead counsel for the Men. The ACLU's League learned. This decision protects everyone who's detained in the Southern District of Texas. It means that they cannot be removed anywhere under the Alien Enemies Act much less to a brutal Salvador in prison.


And that's an important point here, Layla. This decision only applies to the Southern district of Texas, which includes Brownsville, Macallan, and Houston. So What's next in this case? Well, the Department of Homeland Security did not respond to a request for a comment, but it's almost guaranteed that the Trump administration will appeal this decision. The A CLU is certainly expecting that. If they do so, the appeal would go to the fifth US Circuit Court of Appeals, which is considered one of the country's most conservative courts As San p Martinez. Tran. Thank you. You're welcome. In Syria, women were often detained along with their children During the Ed regime, sometimes security forces took the kids away, But some women wouldn't let go.


So the guards came in and took their children by force. This Sunday on Upfirst, what happened to the missing children of Syria? NPRs Dia Hadid investigates. Listen to The Sunday Story right here on NPRs Upfirst podcast, And that's a first for Friday, May 2nd. I'm Lela Foden. And I'm Michelle Martin. You can listen to this podcast sponsor free while financially supporting public media with Upfirst Plus. Learn more at plus dot NPR dot org. That's ppls.npr.org. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Jerry Holmes, Roberta Rampton, Eric Westervelt, Janaia Williams, and Alice Wolfley.


It was produced by Zid Bch, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent and our technical director is Carly Strange. Our executive producer is Jay Shaler. Have a great weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. It's called Protein Degradation. And If you are a bad protein in a cancer cell, you'd better get your affairs in order because now thanks to Dana Farber's foundational work, protein degradation can target cancer causing proteins and destroy them right inside the cell. This approach is making a difference in multiple myeloma and other blood cancers and is how Dana-Farber is working to treat previously untreatable cancers. More at Dana-Farber dot org slash everywhere.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from the NPR Wine Club, which has generated over $1.75 million to Support NPR R programming. Whether buying a few bottles or joining the club, You can learn more@nprwineclub.org slash podcast. Must be 21 or older to purchase.


This message comes from REI co-op RE. I believes there are places within yourself you find only outside REI has the gear, clothing, classes and advice To help you get there, visit your local REI co-op or rei.com.