
It is been a thousand days since Russia began its full scale invasion of Ukraine. The war has devastated Ukraine and transformed life in Russia. How much further could it escalate as Moscow warns that US missiles could trigger a nuclear response? I'm Lela Fal. That's Michelle Martin. And this is upfirst from NPR News. In Hong Kong. Dozens of pro-democracy activists are sentenced to prison under a national security law that critics say has crushed dissent. Why was the political poll considered a threat? And what message is China sending with these verdicts? And President-elect Trump is laying out big promises for tax cuts. We will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtax, and no tax on social security benefits.


Sounds appealing, but could his plan blow a hole in the federal budget? stay with us. We'll give you the news you need to start your day.


Support for NPR and the following message come from SimpliSafe. If you're ever worried about the safety of your home and family, there's no better time to act. Get 60% off a new SimpliSafe security system. Today. Old school alarm systems only kick in once someone is already inside your home. SimpliSafe stops criminals from entering your home with its exclusive active guard outdoor protection. To get 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan, head to simplisafe.com/ upfirst. There is no safe like SimpliSafe.


This message comes from better health. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls, and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with better help. try@betterhelp.com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from Progressive Insurance. You call the shots on what's in your podcast queue. Now you can call them on your auto insurance too with the name Your Price tool from Progressive. Tell Progressive how much you want to pay for car insurance, and they'll show you coverage options within your budget. Get your quote today@progressive.com. Progressive Casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law.


Today marks a thousand days since Russia launched its full scale invasion of its neighbor, Ukraine. The War forced the displacement of millions of Ukrainians from their homes and led to the death and maiming of hundreds of thousands of civilians and soldiers. But the war has, of course, also brought immense changes to life in Russia And Paris. Moscow correspondent Charles Main is gonna talk about this. He's reported out of Russia since the beginning of the conflict. Hello, Charles. Morning. So Charles, I take it, the question isn't whether Russia has changed as a result of the war, but how much? Yeah. You know, the truth is this war's transformed Russia completely. Everything from its geopolitics, you know, where once Russia sought acceptance, albeit off and angrily from the west, now it has military alliances with rogue states like Iran and North Korea.


And also look at its domestic political culture. You know, Russia under President Vladimir Putin was never a liberal democracy, but the repressions and near total crushing of descent since the war started make the earlier Putin era seem comparatively free. And then there's the economy. Today, Russia is the world's most sanctioned state, but those are largely western imposed sanctions. Big name western companies like McDonald's, apples, Starbucks have all left Russia, but the country's pivoted to new markets and new trade partners often in China. So the result is that what you eat, what you buy, what you say, read and watch, it's, it's all changed. It sounds kind of disorienting. Do we have a sense of what Russians think about this? Is there any way to know if they really support the war and how they feel about all the changes it's brought?


Well, the government claims the Russian society is united behind the war efforts. Some state polls will show the same. Although keep in mind the repressions that we mentioned and through reporting, I've certainly met people who clearly buy into Kremlin propaganda that this is a war against fascism. That Ukraine is run by neo-Nazis and they see it as a continuation of the Soviet Unions fight against Nazi Germany in World War ii. You know, for example, here's tape from a conversation I had with a man named Andre Vic who I met on Red Square last year. We have already had once this victory in 1945, and we expect peace, but peace should be with victory over Nazi Nazis who occupied all the country of Ukraine.


Do you worry about Russian forces killing other people though, like innocent civilians too? No, it's all fake because we don't kill human beings that are peaceful. We kill only the soldiers. You know, Michelle, that said, let's remember tens of thousands of Russians fled the country in opposition to the war. Thousands more have gone to jail for civil disobedience. And in conversations I've had just day to day people who aren't government critics or politically active tell me, they just wish the whole thing would end. And of course, now President-elect Trump will be returning to the White House. He's promised to negotiate with Putin. He says he will quickly end the war. How is this seen from Russia?


Are there prospects of peace seen from Russia? Well, I think it's fair to say there's a surging confidence in Moscow with Trump's suggestions. He could end military support to Ukraine President Putin this morning, formally approved changes to Russia's nuclear doctrine, expanding the list of threats that might warrant a nuclear response from Moscow. It was a clear message to President Biden's decision This week to allow Ukraine to use American long range missiles to strike deep inside Russia. And I think one that raises the question of whether Putin has any intention of compromise going forward. That is NPR Charles Mains in Moscow. Charles, thank you. Thank you.


Hong Kong's government, which is controlled by China, sentenced 45 pro-democracy activists to prison sentences of up to 10 years each. Yeah, they were found guilty of subversion of state power this year in a landmark court case that governments, including the US have condemned for criminalizing free speech and political activity. The activists were sentenced for their roles in an unofficial primary poll held in 2020. And parents Emily Fang covered that primary and the months of anti-government protests from Hong Kong leading up to the arrests of these activists. And she's with us now to tell us more about it. Good morning, Emily. Good Morning. Would You first tell us about this primary poll? Why is it considered subversion? Well, they're essentially being sentenced today for a subversion for trying to win an election.


They wanted to pick the most popular candidates, and so they held this poll that you just mentioned and 600,000 plus people took part. That poll was supposed to pick the most competitive candidates. And it was a watershed moment. It was a moment when this pro-democracy coalition really felt like they had a chance of actually winning a legislative seat. In Hong Kong. And they were well organized and they enjoyed popular backing. But that's what is being called subversion now under Beijing's National security law because this coalition could actually have won a legislative seat. Ultimately, we know what happened. Half a year later, nearly everyone who helped organize that poll or was a candidate in that poll has been arrested. So, what does this tell us about the political direction of Hong Kong?


It tells us that what was once this lively, often rambunctious civil society, In, Hong Kong is now entirely leaderless because almost all of the most influential activists there are now facing years more behind bars. Among those sentence today was Joshua Wong. You may recognize him when he was just a teenager. He was leading big protests demanding direct democratic elections back in 2014 and what's now called the umbrella movement. Well, he's facing multiple charges, but today he just got another four year, eight month sentence. And another person who got sentenced today is Benny Tai. He's a former professor who really conceptualized the umbrella movement, a veteran protest organizer. And he got the longest sentence today for organizing that 2020 primary he is facing a decade, a decade behind bars.


So today's sentencing really shows how worn down these activists are as well, because among the 45 sentenced, about three fourths of them pled guilty because they wanted to reduce their sentence times. They've been waiting almost four years behind bars already. Wow. Has the Chinese government responded in in some way to this? They've stayed quiet today, but their line has been unequivocal from the start. In Beijing's view, the people arrested under this national security law are troublemakers. They're criminals who incited violent protests that diminished Hong Kong as a global financial center. And so they've applauded the security law that's nabbed these 45 people and said it is a much needed measure to return Hong Kong to order. So given all you've told us about just the level of repression there, is there any way to know about how people In Hong Kong are feeling about this?


And might there be any more protests? There will likely not be protests. We've seen what happened to people who have continued to protest. They're mostly now in prison, so likely no public defiance, but perhaps some private defiance. Gwyneth Ho, who rose to prominence as a journalist and then became an activist. She was one of the people's sentenced today with a seven year prison sentence. Supporters of hers released a statement on Facebook in which she actually expressed pride at what she'd achieved. And she said, for these values it was worth to dare to act. And that's why she quote, dare to suffer. That is N p's. Emily Fang. Emily, thank you. Thank you.


On the campaign trail, Donald Trump promised to put more money back in American's pockets by cutting their taxes. Here he is at an event in Raleigh, North Carolina the day before the election. My plan will massively cut taxes for workers in small businesses, and we will have no tax on tips, no tax on overtax, and no tax on social security benefits. So, what will a second Trump presidency mean for your taxes? It might mean a lower tax bill, but it could have drastic consequences for the national budget. Here To explain all this as Laurel Wamsley who covers personal finance for NPR. Good morning, Laurel. Hey Michelle. Okay, so Trump is making a lot of promises about taxes.


What's the most important thing for people to know? Well, the biggest thing is that Trump is very likely to extend the big tax changes that he pushed through in 2017. That was a pretty sweeping law and it did lower most people's tax bills for households that say make 60 to a hundred thousand dollars a year. Extending these tax cuts means that those folks get to keep about a thousand extra dollars a year. But wealthy people saw the most benefit. For those who are, who make more than a million dollars, it means reducing their taxes on average by about $70,000. And there are also big corporate tax cuts as part of that package too. But all these cuts are expensive. Extending the 2017 law could increase the national debt by more than $4 trillion over the next 10 years.


And that really matters. Less tax revenue coming in means cutting government programs, for example. Let's talk about some of Trump's other proposals for, for instance, no taxes on tips. What sort of impact would that have? Yeah, this is a tax cut that made big headlines, but it only impacts a small part of the labor market. Only about two and a half percent of all jobs and many tipped workers over a third of them earn so little that they already don't pay federal income tax. So now there aren't too many details on how exactly all of this would work, but eliminating tax on tips would probably lead to some kind of squirrely effects. For example, say I hire a guy to trim the tree at my house, and that's something I usually pay him $500 to do.


Now, he might tell me that it costs $300 to trim my tree, but that he expects a $200 tip knowing that he won't be taxed on that portion of the income. We could see tipping proliferate into places we haven't seen it before. And employers could also attempt to reclassify employees as tipped workers and drop their pay to the tipped minimum wage. And for that, the federal minimum wage right now is $2 and 13 cents an hour. And like the 2017 tax cuts, this would blow another hole in the federal budget. This one would cost us about a hundred billion dollars over 10 years. Trump also says he would stop taxing social security benefits. What sort of effects would we see from that? Well, for most current retirees, it wouldn't have any effect.


Only about 40% of people who get social security pay federal income tax on it. But again, the effects of this change would be huge and it would make things worse for those of us who are still years away from drawing social security. That's because a big chunk of those taxes on social security goes straight into funding the Social Security Trust fund. So eliminating these taxes means reducing the money that's available for Social Security, and that's a program that's already at risk. If no one pays taxes on their social security benefits, that fund is gonna run out sooner, perhaps two years earlier than it's already on track to do. That is and PS Laurel Wamsley. Laurel, thank you. You are welcome.


And that's upfirst for Tuesday, November 19th. I'm Michelle Martin. And I'm Layla fdi. For your next listen, you should consider, consider this from NPR President-elect. Trump suggested that in his second term, he'll take on the news media with more than just words. How might he do it and how will the press respond? Listen to consider this from NPR. Today's episode of OF first was edited by Ryland Barton, Kevin Drew Rafael Nam, Mohammed El Bari, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziyad Budge, Nia Dumas and Milton Guevara We. get engineering support from Arthur Laurent And. our technical director is Zac Coleman. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also support NPRs vital journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Lisa. Good sleep should come naturally. And with the new natural hybrid Mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Plus every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to mint mobile.com/switch.