
Two of Mexico's most wanted men have been arrested in El Paso, Texas. They're alleged to be leaders of the powerful Syno drug cartel. What will their capture mean for the drug trade in the us, especially deadly Fentanyl? I'm Michelle Martin. That's a Martinez. And this is upfirst from NPR News. Vice President Kamala Harris met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Afterwards. She spoke about her support of Israel and her empathy for the plight of Palestinians. Israel Has a right to defend itself and how it does so matters. Did she offer a different message than President Biden? Also, the 2024 Summer Olympic Games are underway in France.


And tonight, LeBron James and Cogo Golf will carry the flag for team USA in Paris's opening ceremonies. stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares the experience they hope to create in their viewing rooms. We want our customers to feel like they've walked into a luxury hotel. That's what Safa has been inspired by from the day that we started. We take sleep very seriously. We believe it unlocks a superpower. If you get the right sleep on the right mattress, we believe we can provide that. Visit SA tva.com/npr to save up to $600 from now through Labor Day weekend.


This message comes From NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor IBM. Things will go wrong for your customers, but your business can make it right with Watson X Assistant AI that can help resolve problems by understanding your customer requests with 90% accuracy. Let's create customer service in service of customers with Watson X Assistant. Learn more at ibm.com/assistant IBM. Let's create


One of Mexico's most notorious drug awards is now in US custody. Ismail El Mayo founded the Sinaloa Cartel, along with Joaquin El Chapo Gusman. Last night, US authorities announced he had been arrested and they say he will appear before an American judge soon. NPRs der Peralta is following this story from his base in Mexico City. Eder. Tell us about this arrest and who this man is. So a About the arrest we know very little US officials tell us. This was a multi-agency operation, and we know that is somehow ended up on a plane to the United States. US officials also announced that they had also arrested Joaquin Guzman Lopez, the son of El Chapo Guzman, and one of the leaders of the Sinaloa cartel.


But the big fish here is El Mayo samba. He's arguably the most important drug Lord in Mexico and perhaps even the world. And he had never been caught before. Unlike his once partner at Chapo El Mayo, ADA kept a low profile. US officials first indicted him more than 20 years ago, and they accused him of shipping tons of drugs into the US and using millions of dollars to bribe some of Mexico's most powerful public officials. And this man is important because he is believed to lead one of the most important factions of the Sinaloa cartel. and the Sinaloa cartel is one of the biggest exporters of synthetic drugs in the world. and that includes fentanyl, which kills tens of thousands of Americans each Year.


Alright, so a very high profile arrests. What could this mean for the drug war and the drug trade? I spoke to Herardo Rodriguez last night. He studied security at the University of the Americas Puebla. And he says, we will continue to see fentanyl smuggled into the us. Rodriguez says The demand in the United States is too great, and the prophet incentive remains the same. But this is a huge hit for the Sinaloa cartel. Remember, its former leader, El Chapo. Guzman is serving a life sentence in the us. Two of his sons are also in custody, and the cartel has now lost a decades long leader. So it leaves a huge power vacuum. And Professor Rodriguez says that we should expect to see a spike in violence.


Maybe what we can see is what we saw in Columbia is the ization of the biggest cartels. Maybe the disputes will arise inside the cartel of Sinaloa. So he's saying that maybe the Sinaloa cartel will implode, or maybe all of this ends with an all out fight between Sinaloa and the second most powerful cartel, the Jalisco new generation. And it's important to note that none of this would actually be new. Sinaloa was already fractured, and these two cartels are already fighting a war. Just this week, fighting got so bad in southern Mexico that some 600 civilians had to flee across the border to Guatemala.


Yeah, now the drug trade in Mexico has already been a big deal in US Presidential politics. Republicans, including Donald Trump, have proposed bombing cartels in Mexico to stop fentanyl from coming into the us. Any sense later on how this might play out on the campaign trail? Look, This is no doubt a huge win for the Biden administration, but it's not a silver bullet. It doesn't solve the addiction problem in the us. It doesn't solve the violence or trafficking problem in Mexico. So I would bet we'll keep hearing much of the same rhetoric coming from American politicians. NPRs der Peralta reporting from Mexico City. Thank you. Thank you. Ay, Vice president Kamala Harris met with Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday.


Afterwards, she reiterated her support for Israel, but she also had some frank words. Yeah, she said it's time for the war in Gaza to end, she said that Israel has the right to defend itself, but that the fight against Hamas in Gaza for the past nine months has been devastating. The Images of dead children and desperate hungry people fleeing for safety, sometimes displaced for the second, third, or fourth time. We cannot look away in the face of these tragedies. We cannot allow ourselves to become numb to the suffering. And I will not be Silent. NPR White House correspondent Almaha was in the room.


What'd you make of those remarks? Well, a, what we saw amounted to the first foreign policy speech of Harris's campaign. And it's also the most forceful statement that she has made on Gaza since she's become the likely democratic nominee. You know, this war and how President Biden has handled it has been a divisive issue for Democrats. And we talked about this yesterday on the show, but some Democrats were curious to know whether Vice President Harris would act differently than Biden if she were to be elected president. And yesterday we heard her speak directly to those who have disagreed with the administration's actions At one point, And as I just told Prime Minister Netanyahu, it is time to get this deal done.


So to everyone who has been calling for a ceasefire, and to everyone who yearns for peace, I see you and I hear you. Let's get the deal done so we can get a ceasefire to end the war. Let's bring the hostages home and let's provide much needed relief to the Palestinian people. This all came a couple of hours after President Biden also met Israel's prime Minister. And its noteworthy to me that it was the vice President, not the president, who delivered on camera remarks after the Israeli leaders visit. Hmm. So is all this a new thing for Harris? I mean, you've been listening to her speak about this for months now.


Has anything changed? Well, the substance of what she said was similar to what she has said in the past and what we've heard from Biden, the same policies. But her tone was different. She tried to show the complexity of the situation, asking Americans not to see the war in Gaza through a binary lens. And there was this moment where she recited out loud, one by one, the names of Americans being held hostage by Hamas. She was also more direct than Biden in the empathy she expressed for Palestinian civilians using some words, you know, that this administration has not used before. I think what was noticeable was that collectively this speech felt like one of the first times that we heard the Vice President speak on foreign policy more in her own voice, rather than just as an emissary for Biden.


Hmm. Now you've been talking as met people this week about what they want to hear from Kamala Harris on this issue. How do her remarks square with their expectations? I spoke to a number of people on the left of the Democratic Party who have been disappointed with how Biden has handled this war. And I'll note that these interviews were largely before the Vice President's remarks. But one common theme was that they wanted to know if Harris would offer a different message than Biden. I think she has a delicate balancing act in the months ahead. You know, in this race she has to speak to multiple parts of the Democratic Party at once. She's trying to win back some of the Democratic voters who felt alienated by how Biden has handled the war. But she also does not want to alienate supporters of Israel who make up a key part of the party.


And to that point, we saw a sign yesterday of this when she issued a statement condemning protestors in Washington DC for spray painting Pro Hamas slogans on a monument during Protests. NPR White House correspondent mha. Thank you very much. Good to speak with you. Tonight in Paris, hundreds of thousands of people will line up along miles of the river, send to watch the opening ceremony of the summer Olympics Instead of a march through a stadium. Though something we're used to seeing, the athletes and performers will float on boats down the river.


The spectacle will officially kick off two plus weeks of competition. NPRs Becky Sullivan is right there in the heart of Paris. Becky, what does the big city look like ahead of tonight's big event? Well, I gotta say the Olympic fever here is in full force. You know, I've been walking around these last few days seeing tons of international visitors who are out and about wearing their country's gear. That's at the heart of Paris. Has been quiet because there's a security perimeter. Officials have been sort of racing to set things up. And so there are actually fences around many of the city's most iconic landmarks. But still, you can see grandstand set up on the walkways and the bridges along the river. And walking around this week, I've been able to catch some glimpses of little rehearsals happening like dancers on rooftops and such. Right now.


It's been a little gloomy and rainy today. So we're all hoping that it's gonna clear up in time because it really should be a spectacle of this whole thing with the backdrop of Paris, the Eiffel Tower. All right. At Sunset, should things work out? Celine Dion and Lady Gaga singing at tonight, opening ceremony cannot Not Happen. Alright, now, it wouldn't be an Olympic Games without some controversy including a, a war of words between the US and the International Olympic Committee on the issue of doping. What's going on with that? Yeah, that's right. So this dates back to this spring when Revelations came out that 23 Chinese swimmers had failed doping tests in the months before the Tokyo Olympics back in 2021. And at the time, the world Anti-Doping Agency, which is deeply tied to the IOC, knew about it, but allowed them to compete anyway.


And so three of those swimmers won gold medals and several of them will compete here in Paris. US officials have accused WADA, essentially of just deference to China. The United States Department of Justice has opened an investigation into this. And in response this week, the IOC officials attacked US officials during a session about the Salt Lake City bid for the 2034 Winter Olympics. The IOC has attached a rider to the contract to host those Olympics, basically allowing them to yank it back if this whole thing escalates. Which just yesterday that leaders of three congressional committees and subcommittees sent a letter putting WADA on notice. And so it's a mess. Not sure exactly where this is gonna go yet. All right, now we mention now the Olympic ceremony is tonight the opening ceremony games, though those are underway.


That's right. Team U Us a women's soccer opened up with a three N win over Zambia. So Becky, what are you looking most forward to see when you're there in Paris? Well, let me answer this question actually in the eyes of team USA basketball star, stiff Curry, who as you know a, is a huge mega star in the us. He's a four-time in b, a champion for the Golden State Warriors. And he basically, his entire career has always been the center of attention in any game he plays. But here in Paris, he is actually making his very first Olympic appearance. And so even for somebody like him, it's just a totally different experience. Very humbling. As he said yesterday in a press conference, When you get around the other athletes, it's like we're all representing our country. and the NBA stuff didn't make us any different, you know, than the next guy or girl to our left or our right.


It's, we all got same colors, the same outfits, same letters across your chest. So he went on to say that he's looking forward to seeing some events in between his busy basketball schedule. He is looking forward to swimming, he's looking forward to gymnastics. I share that anticipation. Swimming in particular kicks off tomorrow with a huge race, which is the Women's 400 Meter freestyle, which is this like clash of giants between the US Star, Katie Ledecky, Australia's Arye, Tuss Canada's Summer Macintosh. That's just like a massive headliner event. And then gymnastics, the big women's team final led by Simone Biles and the rest of team USA, that's gonna be Tuesday. So you know, overall, like Steph, I should say, it's my first Olympics too. And so I'm gonna be trying to take his advice.


He said, be where your feet are. I'm gonna try to be taking it all in and and enjoying it. I Can't wait to see if Noah Lyles can complete the 100 meter, 200 meter Sprint Olympic gold. That'll be what I'm looking forward to seeing. Absolutely NBRs Becky Sullivan in Paris. Becky, thank you. You're so welcome. And that's upfirst for Friday, July 26th. I May Martinez. And I'm Michelle Martin. And don't forget upfirst Airs on the weekend too. Aisha Roscoe and Scott Simon have the news. It will be here in this feed or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Miguel Macias, Roberta Rampton, Russell Lewis, Janaia Williams, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziad Butch Ben Abrams and Milton Gada.


We get engineering support from Andy Hether And. our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us again on Monday. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes From, NPR r sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America Company. What would you like The power to do investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member, SIPC


Support for NPR. and the following message come from Chevron. Chevron's offshore platform anchor is designed to help safely produce oil and natural gas with high pressure technology. That's energy in progress. Visit Chevron dot com slash anchor.