
Wait, you want me to say morning? I'm not saying morning. He doesn't like to say good morning. 'cause no morning is good to a Martinez. Hey everybody. It's a Martinez here with Lela fo. Now If, you missed giving Tuesday. It's not. You gotta start again. I started laughing. Hey everybody. Hello everyone. It's a Martinez here with Lela Foal now If, you miss Giving Tuesday. It's not too late to show your love for public media and upfirst. The easiest way to support the independent news coverage you rely on is to join NPR Plus. When you sign up for a simple recurring donation, you Support NPR R'S mission of creating a more informed public and you unlock special perks. For more than 25 NPR podcasts like sponsor free listening and BONUS episodes.


NPR Plus has grown a lot this past year, so thank you to our supporters. Now, If, you haven't given yet. You can sign up for NPR plus@plus.npr.org. All right onto the news, South Korea s president shocked the nation when he tried to declare martial Law. We got that decree that basically outlawed democracy. He failed, and now he faces impeachment. I'm Lela Fa. That's a Martinez. And this is upfirst from NPR News. Transgender rights comes before the Supreme Court. Today the justices hear a challenge to a Tennessee law that bans gender affirming hormone treatment. For minors, We regulate a number of different types of medical procedures.


What are the arguments before the court And the French government may collapse in the hours ahead? The country's prime minister of just three months faces a no confidence vote. Why are the far left and the far right? Joining forces to oust this conservative figure? stay with us. We've got all the news you need to start your


day. This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like The power to do investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Ford senior director Becca Anderson shares one way that Ford is serving their EV drivers. The Ford Power Promise is designed to inspire confidence for electric vehicle owners around charging at home on the road, confidence in their battery with the eight year or 100,000 mile warranty, and that they have access to electric vehicle expertise. To learn how Ford is supporting EV drivers, go to ford power promise.com or your local Ford dealer. See dealer and the Battery Electric Vehicle Warranty guide for limited warranty details.


This message comes from Mattress Firm. You deserve a mattress that will give you the rest you need to feel your best. If aches and pains are keeping you up at night, mattress Firm can help you find the right bed from their selection of high quality pressure relieving mattresses plus If, you see a lower price somewhere else, mattress Firm will match it. Get matched at Mattress Firm Black Friday sale and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


In South, Korea opposition, politicians have submitted a motion to impeach the president. This is after the President's failed attempt to put the country under Marshall Law. It's the first such attempt since South Korea went from military rule to democracy in 1987, and it caught its citizens and main ally, the US by Surprise. NPR r's Anthony Kuhn joins us from Seoul. I mean, Anthony, this happened really fast within the course of a day or so. So how did it all start? It began when President Yunong, y'all declared martial law late Tuesday evening, and he explained to the public that opposition politicians who control parliament are paralyzing the government. They're subverting democracy and they're aligned with North Korea.


But lawmakers in Parliament unanimously voted to demand you to cancel martial law, which he then did as he's required to do by the Constitution. Y's top aides have offered to resign on mass. So is his defense secretary and opposition lawmakers plan to put the impeachment motion to a vote in Parliament as early as Friday or Saturday. So very fast moving So. What was President Yon trying to accomplish with all this? Well, Yon was elected president by a razor thin margin in 2022. And since then he struggled to get his policies and his budgets through Parliament. Opposition. Politicians have impeached his appointees, they've hounded his wife over several scandals. But does that justify Marshall Law while I talked about this with Benjamin Engel, who's a political scientist and a visiting professor at Dongo University just outside Seoul.


And here's how he says he talked about it with his colleagues. I have also been calling it a coup or a self coup, and I don't think there's really any other way to see it. With the, the Declaration of Martial Law, we got that decree that basically outlawed democracy. So a self coup basically means that Yun was democratically elected president, but in order to hang onto and increase his power, he tried to roll back civil liberties. Okay, So why didn't this work out like he wanted it to? Well, the Declaration of martial law said that Parliament was suspended, protests were banned. Media was subject to censorship, and anyone who resisted could be arrested, but neither police nor military effectively enforced it.


So the attempt to impose martial law was basically defeated within a matter of hours. and you know, people here have just expressed such disbelief that such a thing could happen in South Korea in 2024 because martial law was declared several times before 1987 when South Korea was under military rule. Today, south Koreans are far more skeptical of any attempt to deprive them of their rights in the name of a communist threat. And they're not afraid to protest in the streets and demonstrations are planned or ongoing in Seoul in other cities. I saw that the US Embassy and Seoul warned US citizens to be careful and avoid big crowds. So, what else are they saying about this? While the US embassy said on X, that Y's announcement to end martial law is a crucial step, and that implies that imposing it in the first place was not a good idea, but they didn't say that.


And given the importance of South Korea as an ally, such comments will probably stay behind closed doors. South Korea hosts 28,000 US troops. They're building factories in the US to make high tech goods, and they're supposed to be part of a US led coalition of like-minded democracies. So the logic here may be that publicly criticizing South Korea might give like-minded dictatorship something to celebrate All, right? That's NPR r's. Anthony Kuhn in Seoul. Anthony, thanks. You're welcome. A, During this year's election, gender affirming care for transgender minors was a big issue among voters Today.


That battle over access to this form of healthcare goes before the Supreme Court. Joining Us to discuss is NPR legal affairs correspondent Nina Totenberg. So Nina, what's at the center of this case? Well, fully half the country, 25 states have enacted laws that ban or limit gender affirming care for minors. In today's case, three, Tennessee families are challenging the state bans on puberty blockers, hormones, and other treatments for kids whose gender doesn't align with their sex at birth. The trans kids and their parents contend that the law unconstitutionally discriminates based on sex because the banned medications are perfectly legal when used to treat other conditions in minors conditions that that range from chronic diseases like endometriosis to early or late onset puberty.


The ACL's, chase STR is gonna be making that argument in the Supreme Court today. He's the first openly trans lawyer to argue before the justices. This is the government of Tennessee displacing the decision making of loving parents with the recommendations of of doctors. And at the end of the day, this law is tailored to one and only one interest, which is to enforce Tennessee's preference that adolescents conform to their birth sex. Jack Johnson, who introduced the law that's at issue today counters that the state is charged with regulating medical care in the state. We regulate a number of different types of medical procedures, and we felt like this was the best public policy to prevent kids from suffering from irreversible consequences, things that cannot be undone.


But Nina, where is the medical profession on all this? You know, in this country, all the major medical organizations that deal with this are on the side of providing treatments for kids, but with lots of guardrails. But the critics of these treatments say that the science is very unsettled in its long-term implications. And here, for instance, is what Senator Johnson said. You've got countries in Western Europe that were far ahead of us in terms of these surgeries and these types of medications. They're pulling back because they've had a longer runway. And they're seeing that the adverse effects of some of these medications far outweigh any benefit that they have, Is what Johnson is saying there. True?


Well, partially, some Western European and Scandinavian countries have been at this longer and have cut back on providing this care, but I'm unaware of any country banning gender dysphoria treatments for kids who are already under this sort of care. And I should note also that in Europe a lot of these treatments are restricted to research environments. But remember that these are countries that have national healthcare systems so they can track how this works out for people at every stage of their lives. And the definition of a research environment may be broader than it is in this country. So it sounds like a lot of this is still in dispute, right? You betcha.


Just to give you an example from my own reporting, one of the parents I interviewed said that in Tennessee, the law bars doctors from even having discussions with kids and their parents about this. And he said that was the case at Vanderbilt University, which has been a center for treating gender dysphoria. Now, when I asked Senator Johnson about this, he said, that certainly wasn't the intent of this bill. And when I called Vanderbilt, it took the institution three days to reply. And what did they say? No comment. That's NPRs Nina Totenberg. Thank you so much, Nina. You're Welcome.


The French government could fall later today. That's if no confidence motions brought by the far left and the far right get the votes needed to pass in the lower House of Parliament. The two extremes hold the largest voting blocks in the country's fragmented legislature. The Prime Minister who has been in power less than three months could become one of the shortest lived in French history. NPRs Eleanor Beardsley joins us now for more on what this means, Eleanor, what's going on in France? Well, a prime Minister, Michel Bauer could be ousted, which means his government would fall. Could happen as soon as later today if the Parliament approves the no confidence motions brought by the far left and far right at issue is the 2025 budget, which attempts to address France's spiraling deficit.


Barer pushed it through Parliament This week using an emergency clause. He didn't hold a vote because he doesn't have the votes, but he met with party heads to take into account their input. He said he made as many concessions as he could. He told the French on TV last night that it was the best deal Possible. Okay, now how are the different coalitions responding? Well, the far left France on Bow party has been saying for weeks it would punish him if he used this clause to pass the bill. This leftist coalition hates the budget. They want to lower the minimum retirement age back down to 62. They also seem to wanna blow up the system, say analysts. And they've even called for President Macron, who they accuse of acting like a monarch to resign. So new presidential elections can be held to end this crisis.


But bar a thought he could succeed because Maureen Lapin head of the far right national Rally party has been acting stateswoman like and said she would stand by the government until she changed her mind over the weekend. So now the extremes who can't stand each other are joining forces to bring down a more centrist prime minister. Okay, so then how did the French Parliament end up with two extremes in control? Well, you many blame President Emmanuel Macron. You might remember that over the summer he called surprise snap parliamentary elections when the far right did so well in EU Parliament elections. He said he wanted French voters to clarify things. It was a big gamble. He didn't have to do it, and he lost his relative majority.


And a leftist coalition got the most votes in those elections, but no group has a majority. The Parliament is basically split between three mutually detesting blocks, the far left center and far right. And what interior Mr. Bruno Tyo said in Parliament yesterday sums up what many people feel. Let's listen. He Said. He said some on the extremes are playing out the destiny of France and the French people with a game of Russian roulette All, right? So then what are the consequences possibly? Well, if the Prime Minister and his government falls, president Macron will have to name someone else. And it took him three months to find the conciliatory bounty, who by the way, was the Brexit negotiator between Britain and the European Union.


So Macron thought he would be able to make deals between French parliamentarians. Macron cannot try to change the makeup of the Parliament because he has to wait a year before calling another election. It plunges France. The Euro's own's second largest economy into uncertainty and turmoil at crucial time with a war raging in Ukraine. And President-elect Donald Trump about to take power. And one more thing really quick, what has Macron said? Well, speaking from Saudi Arabia, he says he has confidence that Parliament will fulfill their responsibility to the nation. And he said he certainly won't resign. All, right? That's NPR r's. Eleanor Butley. Eleanor, thanks. You're welcome. And that's a first for Wednesday, December 4th.


I'm a Martinez And I'm m Layla Fal for your next. Listen, consider. Consider this from NPR President-elect. Trump hasn't yet announced plans to wall himself off from his businesses while in office, and those businesses could benefit from his actions as President will Trump's next term, make him richer. Listen to consider this from NPR. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Miguel Macias, Christian Dev Kalimore, Nick Spicer, Lisa Thompson and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziat bch, Nia Domas and Kaity Kline. We get engineering support from Nisha Highness And. our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast? Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.