
Israel's assassination of the longtime leader of Hezbollah in Lebanon has plunged the region into even greater uncertainty. Iran backs Hezbollah and vows to retaliate for Hassan Nala's death. All attempts to negotiate a ceasefire in Gaza and now Lebanon have so far failed. What's Israel's end goal and what's ahead for a region? Very much on edge. I'm Aisha Rosco. This is a special Sunday episode of upfirst from NPR News. The Middle East is now even more exposed to the possibility of a wider war.


We'll hear reaction from the region and ask what could happen next. After the death of a leader, the US considered a powerful terrorist who spent decades amassing weapons, capable of reaching far into Israel, and could Israel's next move be a ground invasion of Lebanon? stay with us for what you need to know about what's next in the Middle East.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, the Capital One Venture X Card Earn unlimited. two x miles on everything you buy. Plus, get access to a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. What's in your wallet terms? Apply details at Capital One dot com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor NetSuite. The less your business spends, the more margin you keep. But today, everything costs more. Head to netsuite.com/story to learn how smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite By Oracle


Summer is over. You're spending more time in traffic and the calendars more full than ever. There is also a presidential election to keep track of, but fear not npr R'S Daily News podcast. Consider this can keep you up to date on the election and all of the other important things happening in the world. Listen to you. Consider this wherever you get your podcasts. This weekend, a region is reacting to the news word of Hassan Nala's death. The leader of the Iran backed militia, Hezbollah was met with intensity, both rage and joy, and these opposing reactions as NPRs roof.


Sherlock reports show just how deep divisions run in the region In northern Syria. They began celebrating even before Nala's death was confirmed. Pure joy. Words cannot describe how happy we are Feeling. Syrian journalist Far Del is in I a rebel held part of Syria that's been pummeled by Hezbollah alongside the Syrian regime. In the 12 years the country has been in Civil War sent Hezbollah fighters to prop up the regime as it appeared to be in trouble.


Too many people have been displaced, killed, and lost their beloved because of RA's support to the Syrian regime, In Israel. Overnight and early Saturday morning, people celebrated in Tel Aviv. Residents of an apartment blasted this popular song against Nasrallah. We'll take you down, God willing, it says, and send you back to God. Along with all of Hezbollah. As Hezbollah broadcast, its confirmation that Nasrallah, the leader of the Iran backed militant group for 32 years was dead.


Along with other commanders, there was rage and grief from Hezbollah supporters, In Ramallah in the West Bank streets filled with Palestinians chanting promises to continue resistance against Israel. In a eulogy, a Hamas leader said, Nala's soul was inside the birds of the heaven. And in the sheer Muslim majority, city of Basra in Iraq, thousands walked wearing black in the Iraqi parliament, politicians sobbed as the political representatives of a militia aligned to Hezbollah, spoke in sorrow of Mara's passing Iraq and parts of Yemen controlled by Iran back to hti.


Militias have declared several days of mourning, as has of course, Hezbollah's backer, Iran Iran's supreme leader Ali Kane warned that quote, the blood of the martyr shall not go un veed. But what could this revenge look like? Iran, when they reach to the point of a country versus country war, they will not do it. Haida Salman, a political analyst, doesn't believe that even now Iran wants to enter a direct war with Israel. Iran knows Israel is militarily superior, but that doesn't mean Salman says that the militias Iran calls its axis of resistance in the region.


Hezbollah and Lebanon and Syria, the Houthis in Yemen and sheer militias in Iraq won't respond as night fell in Iraq. On Saturday, videos showed angry protesters clash with riot police as they tried to reach the US Embassy in the Green Zone in Baghdad and In Israel sirens sounded sending Israelis to shelter from a missile fired from Yemen. That's NPR R'S Roof. Sherlock in Lebanon.


Israel continues to target more of Hezbollah's top leadership. Just this morning it announced another top official had been killed. NPR R'S Kat Lon Dorf is In Israel in the city of Haifa with the latest on Israeli strikes and how people there are bracing for retaliation. Kat, good morning. Hey, good morning, Kat. What's the latest there? So Israel has been striking not just Southern Lebanon overnight and this morning, but also southern Beirut. Again, that's the area they've been hitting repeatedly in the past few days where Nasrallah and several other senior Hezbollah officials have been killed. These strikes have been fairly constant, especially in Southern Lebanon. Over the past week or so, they've killed more than 700 people, wounded thousands more, and also caused massive displacement of hundreds of thousands of people in Lebanon.


And we've been hearing about that from our colleagues on the other side of the border. The situation is quite desperate there for a lot of people here, In Israel, people are bracing for a potential retaliation either by Hezbollah or Iran or another one of the Iranian back groups in the region. Netanyahu returned to Israel earlier than expected from his time at the United Nations last night. And in a speech he said this, He Said, quote, the work is not yet complete. In the coming days, we will face significant challenges. Israel has now issued new restrictions banning large gatherings for most of the country. And the Israeli military has called up more reservists to the north as it prepares for a ground invasion into Southern Lebanon, A ground invasion.


Tell us more about that. What are you hearing about how real that possibility might be? The idea behind this ground invasion would be to push Hezbollah back from the border with Israel to create what Israel calls a quote buffer zone of several miles. Israeli officials, including Netanyahu and the other top leaders of the military have been making it clear that ground invasion is a real possibility. This is something they've been talking about for months here, but now we seem to be seeing more signs that it could be imminent. There's troops amassing at the borders, tanks and other military equipment are being sent up. And in the past few days, several brigades worth of reserves have been called up for action to report in the north up here. And I should say, obviously Israel has been fighting another war in Gaza for nearly a year now its reserves are exhausted.


Starting another major war with a big ground invasion is going to strain an already strained system. You've been in Haifa in Northern Israel, bordering South Lebanon for the past few days. What is life like there with this escalation intentions? Well, it's relatively calm, although I think people are of course wondering what might happen next. You know, in recent days, Hezbollah has been firing dozens of rockets a day toward Northern Israel, including toward here in Haifa. So there have been sirens and interceptions overhead as Israel's aerial defense system takes a majority of them out. These scenes have become relatively normal here after nearly a year of this kind of thing. And people here generally want this to stop, which most people I've talked to believe can only really happen with an escalation of Israel's action in Lebanon against Hezbollah, not with a ceasefire.


There are tens of thousands of displaced Israelis from the north, from further north than here. The hotel I'm staying in right now here in Haifa is full of them, for example. And they haven't been able to go home in almost a year. And a lot of them feel that the only way they'll feel safe to go back home is if Israel invades southern Lebanon and pushes Hezbollah back away from its border like I was talking about. You know, of course an invasion like that would mean that the thousands and thousands of displaced people in Lebanon couldn't go home. That's NPR R's Catlan Dorf in Northern Israel. Thank you so much for joining us. Thank you.


Hassan Nasrallah led Hezbollah for 32 years. Over those decades with the help of Iran, he built up an arsenal of weapons capable of reaching far into Israel, and now there are growing fears. Those weapons could be used in a wider war for more. Here's RDA Slim, a senior fellow at the nonpartisan Middle East Institute. She spoke to my colleague Scott Simon. How do you read the significance of this news? It's very significant. I mean, this is a person who has a, who has been the leader of this organization for the last 32 years. Bit the, or built the organization around his stature, around his, you know, ideas and developed close relationships with the Iranian leadership.


And so, and it's the kind of organization where the leader makes most of the decision and has veto power over all of the decision. And so with his disappearance, basically from the scene, the next thing to watch is who's going to succeed him? And that, and the question to be asked, who died with him? Who died with him from the leadership council? Who of his advisors perished with him yesterday? So all of these are questions that will determine the next steps to be taken by the organization. Does this put the region closer or farther away from as ceasefires that the United States has been urging? I, it all depends on basically the decisions of three actors.


The decision by Iran, which now is going to be playing more of a role in, in helping Hezbollah guide its own decision making process and more of a role in its military decisions. So, it depends on what, where, where Iran wants to go next, you know, does it want regional configuration or not? Until now, it has not wanted that. It depends on what the Israeli Prime Minister wants. Does he want a ceasefire? Does he or does he want to proceed with his campaign against Hezbollah killing more commanders, bombing more missile sites, as has happened yesterday in the southern suburbs of Beirut, up to 40 strikes, you know, level basically whole neighborhoods and buildings with Israel saying these were sites of missiles.


Hezbollah missiles is the Israeli prime minister interested in, for example, reaching in, in agreeing to the ceasefire proposal put forward by the United States and France. And the third actor is, is you know, Hezbollah. I mean, what, what do they want to do? Do they want to, I mean, I'm pretty sure they want to respond or they might in the short term. But then at the same after that, agree to the ceasefire proposal. And the big thing that was an obstacle to a ceasefire proposal, besides in my opinion, the Israeli prime minister's political calculus of whether he wants war or not, or whether he wants ceasefire proposal or not, is Hez, is Nasrallah linking the Lebanon Theater with the Raza Theater.


He said, yeah, I will go for the ceasefire proposal, but only if there is a za ceasefire. And so now with him not being on the scene, will the new leadership leader or leadership of Hezbollah with Iran decide that let's go for this ceasefire proposal and agree to de-link the Lebanon Theater from Heza. So these are the three players that will influence the next steps. I think a lot of people just hearing the news this morning, you're gonna gonna wonder what the prospects are for a wider war in the region. How do you, how do you read that? I mean, again, it depends on, on the risk aversion of these players. You know, I mean so far the Israelis have definitely shown that they are less risk averse toward a regional war.


I mean, they must have calculated in their planning for this attack in their campaign against Hezbollah commanders, that that kind of scenario might happen and that they were ready to deal with it. Iran so far has been risk averse about regional configuration. Hezbollah the same because since October eight when when Nasrallah declared this war of support with Raza, the escalation with Israel has followed a, a tit for tat pattern. You know, so within certain rules of engagement that were not violated by Hezbollah. And so, so So, it depends what, what this player do next and more importantly, what the US will do next. Because of all the external players in this conflict, the US has the most influence in on Israel if it chooses to exercise it.


And if it's able to, you know, I mean get the Israeli Prime Minister to change his calculus. This is where we are now. Rda Slim of the Middle East Institute, thank you so much for being with us. Thank you very much for having me on. One of the biggest questions right now is how might Hezbollah respond to the killing of its leader by the Israeli military and Lebanon? And what does a growing conflict between Israel and Hezbollah mean for Lebanon? A country that's already suffering political and economic instability. To address those questions, let's bring in Mohamed Bazi.


He directs the Center for Near Eastern Studies at New York University. Welcome to the show. Thank You for having me. So what kind of response do you expect from Hezbollah to the killing of Nasrallah, this towering figure and leader? So I think we've seen some response already in that Hezbollah is continuing the fire rockets at Northern Israel. It's trying to say that it hasn't been defeated, it's trying to say that it's still has the capability to fire rockets at Israel. I don't know if we're going to see a broader response because so far Hezbollah hasn't used the more precise missiles that it has, the missiles that Nasrallah himself had threatened to fire on Tel Aviv and on other Israeli cities if Israel were to attack Beirut as it's done repeatedly over the past week.


So we haven't seen that level of of response yet. And I'm not sure if that means that Hezbollah's capability has been reduced and that they no longer have those missiles. Well, well how do you gauge Hezbollah's strength militarily and politically Now That's very hard to gauge in, in the past week, especially, you know, considering that this is still unfolding, everyone is in shock, the membership Hezbollah is in shock. All of Lebanon is in shock. And then Lebanon is under constant attack as it's been for the past week or so. I mean, I I, I would bring us back to, to this past Monday, which I think was the larger escalation even.


I mean, the killing of Nasrallah was a huge escalation and a huge event. But this past Monday, dozens of Israeli war planes started bombing targets across Lebanon. They killed more than 550 people, injured almost 1800 people in within several hours. And so that was one of the most intense aerial bombardments in modern history. And that I think marked the day when Israel expanded the Gaza War into Lebanon. Well, you wrote a piece for the Guardian and, and this was even before the airstrikes killed Nasrallah warning against Israel turning Lebanon into another Gaza. Do you see that as a real possibility, especially with the talk of a, a ground invasion?


Yeah, I think since I wrote that piece, which I wrote right, right before the airstrike that killed Nasrallah. Since that Israel has expanded, I would argue it's expanded the Gaza War into, into Lebanon. We're seeing Israel using the same kind of brutal tactics. It deployed in Gaza, massive bombardment of civilians, displacement of civilians. And we also see, I think Netanyahu eviscerated one of the last supposed red lines that President Biden had tried to impose on Israel, which was to prevent Israel from expanding the Gaza War in into Lebanon. I think we are in a new chapter, we are in war in in Lebanon. And so even though this hasn't yet turned into the regional configuration, the regional war that the Biden administration fears that would pull in Iran and other players, it's already a two country war.


What do you say to those Israelis who are in the region that you know Hezbollah has fired on, who believe that a ground invasion may be necessary to push Hezbollah back and that a ceasefire in Gaza would not stop the attacks from Hezbollah? I mean, every Hezbollah leader, including Nasrallah who's been killed now, has been saying for 11 months that as soon as there's a ceasefire in Gaza, they would stop firing rockets in Northern Israel. When we had a one week ceasefire back in late November, Hezbollah did stick to that promise. They stopped firing as well. There's also, separately, there's been talk of a ceasefire deal that the Biden administration, France, several Arab countries put together this week.


They unveiled it publicly on Wednesday night as Prime Minister Netanyahu was on his way to address the UN General Assembly. And it seemed that Biden Biden administration had received assurances that Netanyahu was interested in the ceasefire. And that was a 21 day ceasefire specifically for Hezbollah and Israel. It didn't even involve Gaza. And then Netanyahu landed in New York and changed his mind and said he was no longer interested and then they killed Hasan Nasrallah the next day. How could the Biden Administration prevent this conflict from widening? I think at this point the only tool that the Biden administration can use is to exert enough pressure on Netanyahu, and that means withholding weapons in order to get him to agree to ceasefire now both in Lebanon and Gaza, That's Moham Bazi.


He directs NYU's Center for Near Eastern Studies. Thanks for speaking with us. Thanks for having me. And that's upfirst for Sunday's, September 29th. I'm aye Orozco. The special episode was produced by Brent Bachman, Martin Patience, Michael Radcliffe and Samantha Balaban, and edited by Denise Couture, Shannan Rhoades, Julia Redpath, Vincent Ni, and James Hyder. Our senior supervising editor is Evie Stone For, more coverage of the Middle East. And for differing views and analysis, visit npr.org/ mideastupdates.


That link is in our episode notes or turn on your radio. And of course, listen to upfirst tomorrow morning. For all the news you need to start your week. I'm Aisha Roscoe. Thanks for listening to upfirst from NPR News. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Saatva. This year many Americans will make a decision that will greatly impact their lives, which mattress to choose? Saatva luxury mattresses will keep you sleeping soundly for years to come. Visit SA tv.com/npr


Nervous about the new school year. Whether you're a student or a parent, life kit gets it, You're so worried about where you fit in, your body is changing, you know it's braces, it's bras, it's all of the above. And I think nobody is comfortable for quite a While. Whether those changes with Life Kit's guide on transitioning back to school, listen to the Life Kit podcast from NPR.