
Hey, it's Aisha Roscoe real quick before the show. It's been a wild and exhausting election season, and in the home stretch, we want you to know about three ways to make sure you don't miss a development throughout the day. You already know about upfirst here in this feed. During the week, upfirst is recorded before Dawn and out by 7:00 AM Eastern time each weekday. It's the only morning podcast anywhere that captures the news overnight. upfirst 7:00 AM Second. Later in the day, you can find a new episode of the NPR Politics Podcast with context and analysis on the big stories.


whenever they happen, So, you get an alert, big breaking news, you don't know what to think. look for the NPR Politics podcast a few hours later and finally, consider. This is the podcast where NPR covers one big story in depth every weekday evening. They will be all over this election and it's aftermath too. So you've got upfirst in the morning, Consider this in the evening, and the NPR Politics podcast anytime big stuff happens. And around the clock. Election news Survival kit from NPR podcast. Okay, thanks for listening. Here's the show.


This is a Sunday story from upfirst, where we go beyond the news of the day to bring you one big story. I'm Andrew Mambo, a producer on the show filling in this week for Aisha Roscoe. Not long ago, NPRs West Africa, correspondent Emmanuel Akin Wtu went to cover the brutal war playing out in the country of Sudan As. many as 150,000 people have been killed, and now with millions having fled their homes. It's the world's worst displacement crisis. Emmanuel is here today to talk about what he saw and how the country got to this point. Hey, Emmanuel. Hey, Andrew. So Emmanuel to start the country's main airport is in Harum, which is at the center of the Fighting So.


you had to get around that by flying into another city. What was it like when you landed? So I flew into Port Sudan, which used to be the sleepy port city along the Red Sea, but almost overnight it's become this impromptu capital with new hotels, new high-end restaurants springing up all across the city. But There are also several schools and abandoned sites that have become displacement camps, filling up with thousands of people from Port Sudan. We hired a driver to get us to Q, which was about a 13 hour drive by road. And throughout the journey, I was just bracing myself for the difficult things we were likely to see there.


But what really struck me, Andrew, was just how beautiful the country is. The road snakes through the Red Sea Mountains, it passes through vast countryside through miles and miles of wheat and rice. Then we saw the incredible Moway pyramids. Most people associate pyramids with Egypt, but There are actually more pyramids in Sudan built more than 2,200 years ago, and we couldn't just pass by. Wow. We ended up going up close just to see these inscriptions on the war images of ancient newbie queens and figures. Wow, that sounds, that sounds so beautiful. It was. It was incredible. But of course, alongside all of this beauty, we began to see the signs of the war emerge, especially as we got closer to Q.


Some of the towns we stopped in were filling up with thousands of displaced people. Finally, we arrived on the outskirts of Hato, and then we could really see just how destructive and horrific this war has been. Okay, help me understand, how did it get to this point? So To really understand this war, we have to go back to a moment of immense hope. Five years ago, the Brutal Dictator or Ma al Bashir, he'd just ousted after almost 30 years in power, and it was a shock. It started with people protesting against the state of the economy, and then unexpectedly these protests morphed into a revolution.


Social media was full of footage of these incredible scenes of thousands of people pouring out onto the streets, chanting in anger, but also in hope. And within a year of the protest, there was a new civilian led government and this promise of the first free elections in decades. And Emmanuel, this wasn't your first time in Sudan. You were back there in 2020, in the early days of the new piece. So what was it like? I remember going to these beautiful outdoor restaurants on the Bank of the River Nile and talking and meeting people who were just saying how much had already changed. Even in a short space of time, there was a larger creative scene flourishing.


There was gradually more freedom of expression and optimism that despite the very real challenges people were facing, the country felt like it was turning a page. But at the same time, it was also on a knife's edge. There was a lot of fear because the civilian led government was still very fragile. That kind of tension sounds familiar. You know, we've seen this play out so often where popular uprisings don't succeed. Right. I'm, I'm thinking about, you know, the Arab Spring and Egypt whe when there was a time of great hope, but you know, the revolution was exploited. Exactly. And this is more or less what happened in Sudan. The civilian led government lasted less than two years.


Then there was a coup led this time by the Sudanese army and a powerful paramilitary group called the Rapid Support Forces, better known as the RSF. Just within The past few hours, the head of the armed forces dissolved the joint military civilian government. In October, 2021, they arrested the Prime Minister and his cabinet and made themselves head of a new transition government. And it was, was this dramatic turnaround that was widely seen as a major betrayal of the revolution. After that, these two groups, the RSF and the Army, they started struggling for control and for power. And within a few years they were at war And things got ugly really, really quick. Right. It's been devastating.


It's now the world's worst displacement crisis with more than 12 million people intently displaced or made refugees. That's more than a fifth of the country, and half of the country are facing starvation. The death tolls vary, but by some estimates, As many as 150,000 people have been killed. Which is just an absurd thing to say, really, That, that that's just a staggering number. I mean by some estimates, it's up there with the worst conflicts we've seen around the world recently, but we hardly hear about Sudan. Yeah, it's a, it's a huge figure. And when you compare the intention the media plays to these different conflicts, it becomes clear that life isn't valued the same way.


It feels like one person dying is a tragedy if it happens in the West, but in places like in Africa or the Middle East, it seems to take maybe a hundred or more people dying just to provoke the same level of attention or outrage. Sudan is a particular example of that. They've had multiple wars. Over 2 million people died in the last Civil war, which raged for over 20 years. And the relative amnesia to those, you know, insanely high casualties has continued to now, You know? Yeah. I do think that when people hear this, they might have a vision of Sudan as a place, you know, always at war, and this kind of destruction is normal. But Emmanuel, the way this conflict is playing out is totally different than anything the country's experienced before.


Absolutely. Even after 18 months, so many people in Sudan are still in shock. Through all of Sudan's past and brutal wars, the people in the capital in Khar, they lived in a bubble. They live normal lives safe from the destruction and conflict that was raging around the country. It's not that they were unaware, they just weren't as directly impacted because the fighting was happening out in the provinces or in far away regions. It never came to the capital city. But this time the fighting erupted right in their homes, in their streets, in their neighborhoods, and it spread from there throughout the country. You're listening to The, Sunday, Story.


stay with


us. This message comes from NPR sponsor, Meryl. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated, registered broker dealer, registered investment advisor, member, SIPC


support for NPR. And the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions. So, you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Walmart. Walmart is fueling American jobs and strengthening communities with an additional $350 billion investment in products made, grown or assembled in America. This commitment to US manufacturing is helping local businesses across the country hire more people and support their local communities. Learn how Walmart is supporting us manufacturing by visiting walmart.com/america at work.


This message comes from our sponsor, Granger. This is the story of the one as a maintenance engineer, he hears things differently to the untrained ear. Everything on his shop floor might sound fine, but he can hear gears grinding or a belt slipping. So he steps in to fix the problem at hand before it gets out of hand. And he knows Granger's got the right product he needs to get the job done, which is music to his ears. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


This is The Sunday Story. I'm talking with NPRs Emmanuel Kintu about his recent trip to Sudan, a country in the midst of a deadly civil war. So Emmanuel, after your long drive, you finally arrive in Harto state where the capital harto is and where the conflict really began. What did you find? Well, Khartoum is mostly controlled by the RSF. That's the paramilitary group the Army's at war with, and we were with an army escort, so we couldn't even go there. But we were able to go to on Deman, which is a kind of sister city just across the river now on Deman is this busy, lively desert city where cars and donkeys share these sandy roads.


It's the cultural capital of the country with museums, monuments, outdoor cafes. We could see hatu from Oman, but we couldn't actually go there or cross the bridge. We couldn't even go near the riverbank for more than a minute because it's in range of snipers on the other side. That sounds really intense. So let me get this clear. The RSF control most of harum and the Army controls derman, but in general, which side do the people blame for starting? The War's complicated because both sides really are responsible. Together the army and the RSF launched the coup that took down the civilian led government. And both of these groups have been accused of committing horrific atrocities.


But the atrocities committed by the RSF are generally far worse. The soldiers have been accused of looting, raping and ethnic cleansing. The majority of Sudanese people just want the water end, but if they had to pick a side, they'd likely prefer the army to come out on top. For most people, the army has more legitimacy and trust in Sudan. And when the army take back areas from RSF control, like when they took back on demand, the scenes are incredibly emotional. You see people weeping, hugging, and kissing soldiers, they see them as their salvation, even if the army is saving them from the very problem they helped create.


In Oman where we were, the army was in control and preparing to make a major advance into Hato and they've made some strides. Meanwhile, the RSF were launching artillery shells into the city constantly at military targets, but also indiscriminately It. It must be brutal for the people living there. It is. We were there reporting and trying to figure out just how to show what people in on demand are facing day to day and how brutal the war has been. And I met one family who had this harrowing escape from RSF controlled cartoon. They invited me into the house where they'd fled for safety in Oman. Good morning.


Good morning, sir. How are you doing well, I'm fine. Nice to see you. Appreci. The family was staying in the sprawling yellow three story clay house with a balcony overlooking derman and a courtyard with a lemon tree. There was the father, Usama, who'd been a professor before the war. His wife, his daughter, and their 21-year-old son, Bert, a student at university. How You doing? Hello, sir. Emmanuel. They served me, my producer and photographer t and dates. Then Alair told me the story of what they'd been through By the end of the week. He said they were living at home in Q when fighting broke out without warning, there was this constant gunfire around their home, shattering all the windows.


They were trapped and even had to hide under their bed for months, only leaving to use the bathroom and to scrounge for food. Most of the time we would just, we have like one kilo of floor and just put some water on it, spray some, some salt or anything, and we just eat it. Like it's just barely anything. We lost so much weight. So for this middle class family, things rapidly changed. They were living in a nice neighborhood within a vibrant city. Then overnight they find themselves huddled under their bed eating flour, and then even the flour started to run out. Like it's, this is a certain death, we cannot stay any week longer.


We are gonna die. So after, after another week of wait, we said, you know what? We're just gonna do it on foot. We Heard they decided to walk from Kto to on man through an area where there was some of the most intense fighting and they were hoping that soldiers would spare their lives and they met other people doing the same thing. Many of them frail and starving too. And they walked in a group through essentially a war zone, Light signs, streets, shops, everything was full with bullets. And you can see like the, the shells, the shells of the world were all the place, like we were scared because we know this is a no man's territory. Something that is hard for people to grasp when they listen to stories like this is that these are areas you knew very well.


Yes. Yeah. This is like, I, I remember when I was a child, we used to, we used to live here, so every time I go to school, I would cross these streets. I would, I even had friends who lived there and this like a busy place, like this is like a very lively place. And to see it at that state is it just, it felt like a piece of horror movie, like life has been sucked out of everything. It took them six hours to make it to a neighborhood on the outskirts of Hato where there was still some sense of normality. Walking for six hours through constant gunfire and military checkpoints must feel like an eternity. Exactly. And remember, they were also extremely weak.


They had belly eaten in months, only eating spoonfuls of flour. So when they finally got to this safer neighborhood, the first thing they did was just eat a full meal. And we, we sat down, we sit down to this FFA booth and we start eating like we didn't believe, like, like I didn't, like we were so happy that we didn't care about the taste. This is the first time we hold the bread in my life in, in, in, in nine months. And you eat it. We ate a sandwich, we took another. If my dad didn't pull us, we would sit the whole day and keep eating. Even till this day, we still savor this moment when, when, whenever anyone brings this moment, we still enjoy about it.


So eventually they made it to Derman, they're all alive and safe. But before I left the house, ABA told me what he and his family have been through has completely changed them. You, you are basically not the same person. The witness, the horror, the tension, the terror, everything So. you, you will go to your life happy and that, but you also gonna gonna bring these memories with you. You also, you will see that how things can, can, can deteriorate quickly what other people can do to other people. You, you start to realize how this world works. It's, it's not just flowers and roses. No, it's there's, there's blood, there's murder, there's thefts, there's everything.


You're listening to The, Sunday Story. stay with us,


Support for NPR and the following message come from IXL learning. IXL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality. Get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when you sign up today at ixl.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Ford. Introducing the Mustang mock e rally chief engineer Donna Dixon shares why her team was so excited to design a rally inspired ev. What we wanted to do was create an electric vehicle that could go around a dirt track or take you to your favorite biking spot or your favorite mountain to hike where you might not have thought an electric vehicle could go. To learn more about the all electric Mustang Mach e rally, go to ford.com.


So Emmanuel, the war has already damaged so much of Sudan's infrastructure, including its healthcare system. I understand you spent some time in one of the few hospitals that are still functioning in Derman. What did you find there? So the hospital is called our Now Hospital. It sits on the corner of this sandy side road. It's a large compound with trees and you hear a lot of bird songs and still the shelling and people are streaming in and out of it. Several people were waving prescriptions and begging for money because they couldn't afford medication inside the hospital. It's really tense, just crammed it's smells of unwashed bodies.


But people who've been struggling for basic sanitation and water, there were several people injured, some being cared for by loved ones lying on beds or even lying on mats on the floor in the hallways or pretty much anywhere that they could find room. We met the director of the hospital. Okay, thank you for coming here in Sudan. Welcome to Ano Hospital. His name is Dr. Jamal Mohammed. He's 52 years old and he's an orthopedic surgeon. What struck me about Dr. Jamal was like a lot of doctors, he's very poised and calm. Even in this intense context, he told me he and all the medical staff haven't been paid a salary since the war started.


They're basically working for free, only living off small stipends and getting by with virtually no supplies. He told me they lacked basic equipment or medicine, even at times anesthetic. He said one of the hardest moments was when he had to operate on two children without anesthetics, The bleeding was severe. Maybe I will, I'm going to lose the kids. So I first amate them without anything. Maybe it's one of the most painful experience in this one. I I mean that's just, that just sounds so awful. The children were just 11 years old and eight years old. But because of what he and other doctors did, they survived.


I asked Dr. Jamal whether he felt the outside world cared enough about what was happening in Sudan. No, no. They forget about us. I think it's a Forgotten War. We left his office and he gave us a tour of the hospital grounds. We went to the emergency room and it was totally packed. The doctor sitting here, look how they're crowded. It's so crowded. I mean there's so many Bed. Some of the people, some of the patients bring their bed from their homes like this one. People lying. As you see, two patient in my bed, We met people with serious injuries.


One man was musa at, he's 38 and he was on a bed in the hallway And he is treated. What happened was there was a few meters outside of his home when it was bombed, his brother found him and brought him into the hospital. All these are small trap nails from the look here. The biggest one was here and he did here. All this is sharp nails look, And the shrapnel also pierced his throat. So he struggles to speak. I, I don't know what what happened by home. I, I, I, I hope good Charla, He says, while he's thankful to have survived, he's not sure where he'll live now because his home has been destroyed.


From there, we went to another wing of the hospital and we saw scores of just sick and frail. People who are suffering from conditions like diabetes or the flu and rising cases of cholera. I mean, and these are people who are ill. They've not been injured From the world, but they're, but it's a part of the world. They are ill because they didn't find their medication. They're ill because they are starving. You can call it as they call it, a, a collateral damage because of the war, a collateral disease because of the war And half of Sudan's population now faces starvation. Then he took me to another part of the hospital and we hear this loud explosion.


Some victims that came to us without infamous, without It's artillery shells being fired close to us. It, it, it sounds so loud. Yeah, It sounds very loud and very scary And For me. It's frightening. But for Dr. Jamal, it's become normal. Then we arrived at these two buildings opposite one another and one of them was a morgue. There was a cold room and we could see this covered body of someone who died earlier in the day. We kept them here. We washed them here sometimes on our Islamic way, and then this is what we, wrapping them in it. Then Dr. Jamal turned on a computer and showed me hundreds of photographs of unidentified people who died there.


They have nobody here, no family or we don't know their families. And You take their pictures in case anyone Yes, I'm taking, taking the pictures, putting it in the social media. Maybe some family, they know their kids and some find them, But most of them aren't found. So we kept them here and we build them. They end While we're in the morgue. You start to hear this different sound coming from a nearby building. It's from the maternity ward. Here's my friend. Wow. I just have a baby right now. Oh, you just had a baby. Yeah. Congratulations. Okay. Congratulations. Thank God. Okay.


The father Mohammed is 24 and he's just had a baby girl. Is this your first child? Yes, first child, The mother. She's doing fine. Thank you. And we're kind of swept in his joy in this moment of joy, but this moment doesn't last long. At least for us. Someone comes to tell Dr. Jamal that people have just been brought in, rushed into the emergency room. So we run back there.


So there's just been shelling. Yeah, They came back, go see that. And when we arrive, it's in chaos. It's blood all over the floor, blood everywhere. There are dead and injured. People all around the ward. This top is soaked. They're trying to bandage You. You stay, you stay with Manuel. Two doctors are administering CPR on a young man, but despite all their efforts, he doesn't make it. And nearby his relative begins to weep yet another death to add to an already massive toll.


We were only in this hospital for a few hours, but for them, this is their 24 7, their every day throughout this war, this Forgotten War, as Dr. Jamal calls it, that has no end in sight. Emmanuel, thank you so much for this reporting. Thanks for having me. This episode was produced by Liza Jaeger. It was edited by Jenny Schmidt and Tara Neal. Gilly Moon was our engineer. It was fact checked by Greta Tinger. The. Sunday Story team includes Justine Yan and Kim Nader Fe Petera. Our supervising producer is Liana Strom.


And Irene Noguchi is our executive producer. And a special thanks to WHRB. I'm Andrew Mambo in for Aisha Roscoe upfirst. We'll be back tomorrow with all the news You need to start your day. Until then, enjoy the rest of your


weekend. This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC


support for NPR. And the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus, tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


Support for NPR and the following message come from IXL Learning. IXL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality. Get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when you sign up today at ixl.com/npr.