
Tiktoks American Future is now up to the Supreme Court. The Chinese owned company wants the high court to stop a ban of the app from taking effect next month. What does this mean for the tens of millions of TikTok users? I'm Steve Inskeep with Michelle Martin, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. 7,000 Syrian refugees have been living in a makeshift camp on the Jordanian border for the past nine years. Now, after the fall of the Assad regime, most of them wanna go home. But what will wait for them there? And p Jane Araf is one of the first journalists to have visited the campsite. Also, judges delivered verdicts. In a French rape case that shocked many people around the world, the victim has become a feminist hero.


But will the trial make a difference for others? Stay with us. We've got the news you need to start your day.


This message comes from BetterHelp this holiday season. Do something for a special person in your life. You give yourself the gift of better mental health. Better Help Online therapy connects you with a qualified therapist via phone, video, or live chat. It's convenient and affordable and can be done from the comfort of your own home. Having someone to talk to is truly a gift, especially during the holidays. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash npr to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com slash upfirst.


This message comes from gea, where everyone can invest directly in solar energy projects. Across the world's most profitable renewable markets. Since inception, GEA has helped investors realize a 12% return while earning steady monthly dividends. It's a smart, impactful way to diversify outside the stock market with real assets. Learn more at energy.com/npr. Past performance is not indicative of future results. All investments carry risk, including the potential loss of principle,


TikTok, and the Department of Justice are heading to the Supreme Court. The court accepted tiktoks request to hear arguments about a law that could ban the viral video app next month. The court's chosen timing matters here as much as the decision to hear the case. The justices often move deliberately and take many months, but they chose, in this case to move quickly, scheduling an argument for TikTok within three weeks on January 10th. And here's Bobby s with us to talk about what this could mean. Good morning, Bobby. Good morning. So why is the Supreme Court stepping in? Well, in short, because TikTok requested an emergency review, and this is tiktoks last legal shot, right? The company has been fighting a law that is set to take effect on January 19th that bans the app nationwide, unless it splits off from its Chinese parent company by dance.


It recently lost a lower court appeal, and now the Supreme Court has scheduled expedited oral arguments, and the hearing is happening in three weeks. One of the main issues the court is being asked to resolve. Yeah, the case is about the balance between free speech and the possible threat of a foreign adversary. TikTok has long said that The Chinese government doesn't collect data on Americans and does not use the app to push propaganda. But US officials say the risk of that happening is just too high in that the app has to be put out of business unless it sheds. Its China based owner. Legal scholars say because of the First Amendment, government restrictions on speech are very hard to uphold in court. Usually the government can only suppress speech if it's really narrowly tailored to deal with a, you know, really specific problem.


And a lower court ruled that The Chinese issue is actually enough to justify the ban. But now the Supreme Court is reviewing it and they could just come down differently. So it's tiktoks argument that this ban violates Americans free speech rights. Yeah, that's right. The 170 million Americans on the app and actually tiktoks own free speech rights, they say as a corporation because they have a LA based company and using the algorithm and pushing content courts have shown is another type of free speech. So there's kind of two free speeches at play here. Okay. So what could this mean for the tens of millions of Americans who use TikTok? I mean, some people use it every day. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So if the court overturns the law, you know, business as usual for the app.


But if it is upheld, it could mean the app is going away very soon. The law is slated to start, you know, in early January. And at that point, TikTok, you know, will be kicked out of app stores on Apple and Android devices. So you won't be able to download it. And the app will lose web hosting services. So, you know, all the companies that provide backend support for TikTok, they'll have to drop the company. And if this happens, Michelle, it's not like the app's gonna like disappear from everyone's phone overnight or something. It's just gonna get buggy. It's gonna get slow, and eventually it's not gonna be able to get software updates, so it'll stop working. You know, backing up for a moment here though, you know, never before has the Supreme Court taken on a case over the S government trying to shut down a massive social media platform.


So this is entering some uncharted territory. And you know, president-elect Donald Trump's administration is watching very closely. And, and where does Trump stand on this? Trump has given mixed signals on TikTok. He said he wanted to save the app and that he credits it with helping young voters turn out for him. But you know, just this weekend he said on NBC's, meet the press if he will rescue the app. And he gave kind of an unclear, wishy-washy answer. Remember, Trump tried to ban TikTok during his first term and was not successful no matter what the court decides. Though the Trump administration has a ton of power here. If the Supreme Court upholds his law, his administration will be tasked with interpreting and enforcing it.


So if TikTok loses at the Supreme Court, they're hoping Trump will just step in and rescue the app. Anyway, That is N p's. Bobby Allen. Bobby, thank you. Thanks Michelle. There's already a lot changing in Syria now that dictator Bahar al Assad is gone for One thing, people can move. Refugees are coming home. Syrians who were stuck on one side or another in the many battle lines can cross them for the first time in years. And journalists can get a fuller look at a country in transition. NPS Jane Araf has been traveling the country and she's with us on the line now from Damascus. Good morning, Jane.


Good Morning. Michelle says, We said you've been traveling around Syria this past week. Tell us some of what you found. Yeah. Well, Damascus itself, of course, has changed quite dramatically. I mean, just a couple of minutes ago, there were a bunch of sixth graders who are jumping up and down on a bronze statue of toppled leader Bashar acid's head. We wanted to go further field though. So we traveled through Syrian's southern desert to a place I have been trying to get to for years. It's the Rook Band Camp, and it's in this remote corner of the desert where people who were fleeing ISIS thought that they could go across to Jordan and then were trapped there.


7,000 people cut off for nine years. There's also a US base there, it's part of the anti-ISIS coalition. They've been partnering with Syrian forces that ended up forcing the retreat of the Syrian regime. So those refugees, those refugees in their own countries now have the possibility for the first time to go home. They don't have the money and they don't have a lot of other things. But there is the possibility. And up and down that highway, we were seeing the same thing last night near Hamma, one of the key towns that were taken that led to the retreat of the regime. There was a truck stop full of families traveling home Inside.


There were Syrians crowding a sweets counter. I spoke with one young mother who was going home for the first time in 13 years. She was going to introduce her kids to their grandparents. There have obviously been a lot of tragedies, a lot of deaths. But for the people who are able to reunite with their families, all of that time makes it somewhat sweeter. Hmm. Now you've also been following what's happening with Syrian Kurdish forces and Syrian Arab forces. The US has been trying to broker a truce there. What did you find out about this? Yesterday at the Euphrates River, about a six hour drive from Damascus, we were at one of the dividing lines between US backed Kurdish LED forces and Turkish backed fighters who played a big role in, in the retreat of the regime here.


And that road from Damascus to the Euphrates River kind of mirrors the fall of regime forces. There were regime tanks on the road being stripped, fuel being siphoned by poor people, defaced posters of the regime trucks with people heading home. But then when we got closer to Manbij, where Syrian Arab coalition fighters were recently in control, there was kind of a vacuum there and people were afraid. We drove further along to near the actual front line, and we spoke to a commander of one of the factions from Lu.


He asked us to call him Aleman. He's a military commander for the operations room. He told us that the Kurdish led forces, who he called terrorists, had broken the ceasefire. That's a ceasefire that's been negotiated by the us but it is one of those fault lines and one of the areas of concern for the US and others as to what happens in this new Syria. No Conflict's still simmering, it seems like. Absolutely. That is N NPRs F talking with us from Damascus. Jane, thank you. Thank you.


Verdicts. This morning have been handed down in a high profile rape trial in the south of France. 51 men were on trial for raping a woman while she was drugged and unconscious. Over a period of years, her husband was accused of orchestrating this abuse. The trial has shocked France and drawn the world's attention And appears Eleanor Beardsley is at the courthouse. Now. We're gonna go to her in Alvin. Eleanor, good morning. Good morning, Michelle. Could you just start by reminding us who the accused are, and of course, tell us the verdicts. Yeah, well these are sort of the working class. Every man In France, a baker, a firefighter of all ages and races, and GI Pelico, she's a victim. Her husband was accused.


He drugged her and recruited all of these men on an internet site over a period of 10 years and filmed everything they did. He got the maximum sentence 20 years. And all of the other 50 men were found guilty of raping Giselle Pico, even though many of these men claimed they did not rape her because her husband, you know, said they had permission that she was in agreement. But there are aggravating circumstances to these, to these rapes, and the sentences are all different. So they seem to be tailored to each defendant. And it's still being read out. It's very technical. So some of the other men are getting lesser sentences than what the prosecution asked for. I'm hearing eight and 10 years, and a couple people have just come out of the courtroom, you know, shouting and angry, and I'm not sure who that is and what that means.


But this could be very conflictual today. So, so Tell us more. We can hear that there's a hub of there. Tell us about the scene there at the courthouse. Well, first of all, huge security. There's never been a trial like this In France before. I was out since seven in the morning in front of the courthouse. And there was just hundreds of people from the media all over the world, and also, you know, supporters of Pelico who was the victim, who had banners and placards. We watched her family come in. She has three grown children, and they've all testified that this has destroyed their lives. They've all disowned their father. And also the men who you know, who have now been convicted because nobody was acquitted. They came in, you know, wearing hoodies and covid masks, and usually accompanied by a family member, a wife. 'cause these guys are inserted into society.


They have family, some of them, and they were all carrying duffle bags because they are expecting to go straight to prison. Now, from here, Say more, if you would, about the impact of this trial, which is, as Steve pointed out, it has just, I mean, it's shaken the country to its core. And I mean it, it's attracted attention all over the world. Absolutely. You know, it has everywhere. It started a huge conversation about this is friends, this patriarchal society and the violence against, against women. Many people talk about there's a rape culture here, meaning that, you know, serious crimes and also street harassment is not taken seriously enough. And the fact that these men said, well, they didn't rape her, but that's where there was video evidence. And so as painful and sorted as this trial was, and to hear it and, and they've seen these videos, it's having a positive impact.


Say activists, because it's a wake up moment. People are taking it seriously. You know, there might be more better education. Now. Law enforcement and French men have been tuned in. Many prominent men have spoken out and said they were ashamed. 'cause these guys are not psychotic criminals. They're average men, and they're questioning the macho society. Before we let you go, tell us a bit more about the victim or the survivor. I think you should say Giselle. Well, we can call her a hero too, because she's a petite septuagenarian and her face is known everywhere In France. She waived her right to anonymity, insisted this trial be open to the public and the media, and she's changed everything. People said. She has made shame swap sides from the victims to the rapist. They say she succeeded in doing that. That is Eleanor Beardsley and Pier, Eleanor Beardsley and Alvin Eleanor.


Thank you. Thank you, Michelle. And that's Upfirst Per Thursday, December 19th. I'm Michelle Martin. And I'm Steve Inskeep. There's an easy way to stay connected to news and podcasts from the NPR network. It is the NPR app. You hear community coverage from your local station, because this is a network of local stations in communities across this country. You also hear stories from around the world and podcast suggestions based on what you like. Download the NPR app in your app store. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Kara Poni, Arzu Ani, Ryland Barton, HJ Mai, and El Bari. It was produced by Zia bch, Nia Dumas and Kaity Kline.


We get engineering support from Isha Highness and our technical directors, Carly Strange. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus NPR dot org.


This message Comes from GiveWell. GiveWell provides rigorous transparent research about the best giving opportunities so that donors can make informed decisions about high impact giving. To learn more, go to givewell.org and pick podcast and enter NPR at checkout.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses? At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair at Warby Parker dot com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.