
The man Suspected a fatally shooting. Two Israeli embassy employees in DC has been charged with murder. He could still face additional charges. Police are investigating the killings as a possible hate crime. I'm a Martinez with Michelle Martin and this is Upfirst from NPR News. The Trump administration has opened a new front in its war against Harvard University by revoking the school's ability to sponsor international students. So how are current students affected? I think this moment is not just about visas, it's about values And independent agencies like the Federal Reserve, are supposed to be insulated from political influence. But the Supreme Court says, president Trump is allowed to fire members of those agencies, at least For now, Stay with us.


We've ve got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from MIDI Health. If you are a woman over 40 dealing with hot flashes, insomnia, weight gain, or brain fog, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. The clinicians at MIDI Health understand what you're experiencing and know how to help. MIDI Health provides specialized care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join MI d.com.


This message comes from Sattva. Spring Cleaning can be good for your home and your mind. It can boost your mood, sharpen your focus and fuel productivity. Another way to do all that. Sleeping well voted best luxury mattress by sleep foundation.org. Every sattva is handcrafted for a great night's sleep and they cost far less than retail. This Memorial Day saves $600 on $1,000 or more At sattva dot com slash NPR.


This message comes from Saatva. Sleeping well can boost your mood and improve focus. A Saatva luxury mattress can help you experience that kind of sleep. Save $600 on $1,000 or more At sattva dot com slash npr.


The man suspected of killing two Israeli Embassy employees outside a Jewish museum in Washington, DC has been charged with two counts of murder among other crimes. Law enforcement officials say they're continuing to investigate the attack as a possible hate crime. NPRs Jennifer Ludden is with us now with the latest Jennifer. Good morning. Good morning. I understand that we now have a lot more information on what exactly happened. So what can you tell us? Yes we do. We know now from the affidavit that the suspect Elias Rodriguez flew from his home in Chicago to Washington DC on Tuesday. That's the day before the attack. He declared a firearm in his checked luggage and he bought a ticket to the event that was taking place at this Jewish museum three hours before it started.


It was a mixer for young diplomats from witness interviews and surveillance video. We also have some pretty gruesome details of the shooting law enforcement officials say. Rodriguez shot at the two victims from the back and kept firing repeatedly, even as one of them tried to crawl away, he then discarded his nine millimeter handgun and eventually he went inside the museum and told the police officer that he had done this saying quote, I did it for Palestine, I did it for Gaza. Yeah. And the Washington Post is also reporting that the gunman sat down indoors after the shooting as though he was fleeing the danger. A witness told the post that somebody even got him a glass of water.


So President Trump and others have called this an act of antisemitism. But is that, is it correct that so far he has not been charged with the hate crime? That's right. Not at this point, but Janine Pirro, the interim US attorney for the District of Columbia told reporters that the murder charges and others are only the beginning federal agents raided Rodriguez's home in Chicago yesterday. They learned that he expressed admiration for a person who self emulated in front of the Israeli embassy here in DC last year. He described them as a martyr and Pirro says, investigators are going through massive amounts of evidence to learn what motivated him. Violence against anyone based on their religion is an act of cowardice.


It is not an act of a hero. It is the kind of case that we will vigorously pursue. And she says, look, there's gonna be additional charges as the evidence warrants. Tell us more about the two people who were killed. They were a young couple. They both worked at the Israeli embassy. What else can you tell us about them? It's really quite sad. Michelle Israel's ambassador to the U US said Lesinski had bought an engagement ring. He was planning to propose to Sarah Milgram. Next week they were gonna be on a trip to Jerusalem. Lesinski was a German and Israeli citizen. A Milgram was American. She grew up in a Kansas City suburb. A friend of Milgram's, Israeli attorney re Bedor told me she took the embassy job after Hamas attacked Israel a year and a half ago.


She was already sensing a rise in antisemitism and she wanted to combat that, Not with violence or shoutings or verbal abuse, but in diplomacy. With love. With intelligence. Rasin Bettor says it is a painful irony that Milgram lost her life in this way. Finally, Jennifer, very briefly, obviously something like this heightens people's fears, obviously for many Jewish people, but but others as well. Are officials saying something about that? Absolutely. DC's police chief says there's going to be more law enforcement officers around faith-based groups, schools, and places like the Jewish Community Center here. That is NPS, Jennifer led. And Jennifer, thank you.


Thank you. Harvard University has sued the Trump administration for a second time. This comes less than 24 hours after the Department of Homeland Security revoked Harvard University's ability to enroll international students. Now for students who are already enrolled, the move is sowing confusion. This kind of makes us all very uneasy and sort of fearful and angry. Honestly. The School, which has been in a month long back and forth with the president, says, the government's actions are unlawful. NPR r's, Alyssa NAD is covering the story.


Alyssa, so what exactly did the Trump administration do? So on Thursday, Kristi Nome, the U, US Secretary of Homeland Security sents a letter to Harvard saying the administration is terminating Harvard's Student Exchange certification, which means the school can no longer sponsor student visas. That prevents Harvard from enrolling new students and pulls the rug out from under currently enrolled students. In a statement, Nome says, the administration is holding Harvard accountable for fostering violence and antisemitism and coordinating with the Chinese Communist Party. She encouraged current students to transfer. Okay. And then Harvard's response. So they were swift in filing a new lawsuit in it, they accused the Trump administration of retaliating against Harvard for exercising its first amendment rights.


In a letter to campus, Harvard's president Alan Garber called the action unwarranted and said it in perils, the future of thousands of scholars. Harvard is already suing the Trump administration over research funding cuts related to accusations of antisemitism on campus. That trial is set to start in July. So What kind of an impact do you think this might have on Harvard and its student body? Well, the university has nearly 7,000 international students, roughly one fourth of the student body. We spoke to several of them. One senior from Canada told us she's worried about whether she'll be able to graduate next week. The students we talked to asked not to be named because they fear retaliation from the U US government for speaking out. Another student at Harvard, a third year undergrad from Europe, told us he came to the U US to study to be a professor.


I'm very close to graduation. I thought, you know, graduat, dang it. If this is the reason that I'm not gonna be able to graduate, like I really have no idea what I would do if I were to get deported or if I were unable to re-enroll in September here at Harvard. Might this move Alyssa have implications beyond Harvard? It could. A, I talked with Sean Carver about this. He's the executive director at International House at uc, Berkeley. I think Harvard is the canary in the coal mine. As administration kind of uses them to test what they can and cannot do to influence public and private institutions. So It could just be that the administration is having a spat with Harvard, but Carver says other institutions are fearful. This isn't the first time that international students have been a target of the administration.


Earlier this semester, the government revoked hundreds of student visas, but then reversed that decision. I've been doing this for over 20 years, and this is probably the most difficult time for international students. You Know, more than a million international students study at US colleges and universities. And Carver says international student applications are way down. And he says it's likely because students are looking at Europe, Asia, and Canada for college, And that a could ultimately have a big impact on the U US economy. One report found last year, international students contributed more than $43 billion. That's NPRs Alyssa worthy. Thanks a lot. You bet.


In a six to three ruling, the U US Supreme Court said, President Trump can fire two members of independent agencies. For now, yeah, It's not the finals say on the matter, but it is an indication of how the Supreme Court views the extent of Trump's power. NPS Andrea Schu is here to explain. Andrea, good morning. Good Morning. Could you just start by telling us who are these officials that Trump fired? Yeah, so Gwen Wilcox was a member of the National Labor Relations Board and Kathy Harris sat on the Merit Systems Protection Board. That's the board that hears federal employee complaints. And they both sued saying Trump did not have the authority to fire them. In fact, in creating their agencies, Congress wrote into law that members can only be fired for cause like Neglective duty or malfeasance.


But the Trump administration has been arguing that those restrictions on the president violate the Constitution. So that's the fight that's been playing out in the lower courts And And what have the lower courts said? Well, there's already been a lot of ping ponging back and forth. Michelle. Initially, two judges found Wilcox and Harris's firings not only violated the law, but also ignored Supreme Court precedent. A case called Humphrey's Executor From 90 years ago, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously that Congress could limit the President's power to remove members of independent agencies. And so Wilcox and Harris actually went back to work for a while, but the government appealed. There was some back and forth and last month, chief Justice John Robert stepped in and allowed Trump to remove Wilcox and Harris again.


And now the entire Supreme Court has weighed in. Yeah, Yesterday a majority of justices said they think Trump does have the authority to fire Wilcox and Harris for now. Anyway, they wrote that the Constitution gives the President the power to fire at will those officials who help him carry out his duties with only narrow exceptions. And they said Wilcox and Harris probably don't qualify for those exceptions. Okay, So tell me more about this. Probably. Does that mean that this is not necessarily a definitive ruling? That's right. It's a stay while the appeals court weighs the merits of the case. To be clear, the Supreme Court hasn't yet heard arguments of this case. This order came out of what's known as the Emergency Docket, which conservatives have increasingly relied on to get quick decisions without a hearing.


And this is something that liberal justice Elena Kagan brought up in her dissent. She wrote, our emergency docket well fit for some things should not be used to overrule or revise existing law, meaning Humphrey's Executor. She said, what's at stake here is not just someone's job. It's this very idea that Congress embraced when it created independent agencies that you know if their members are insulated from political pressure, that they will make sound judgements that benefit the public good. Now, in recent years, the court has been chipping away at this idea and at Humphrey's executor, but in yesterday's decision, the conservative majority did carve out an exception for one independent agency, the Federal Reserve. Okay, so what did they say about the Fed?


Well, Wilcox and Harris had warned that if the court finds that Trump can fire them, that nothing can stop him from firing Fed Chair Jerome Powell. And in fact, Trump did threaten to fire Powell, which tanked the markets. Later, he pulled back and said he had no intention of firing Powell. In any event, the conservative majority disagreed with the notion that their order would affect the Fed. They wrote that the Fed is a uniquely structured quasi-private entity with a distinct historical tradition. Kagan scoffed at this in her dissent and she maintained that the Fed's independence rests on the same foundation as other independent agencies. Now again, this is not, the yesterday's order is not the final word, but it does give us a pretty good sense of how the justices could rule if and more likely when they hear arguments in this case, That is N p's.


Andrea Shu. Andrea, thank you. You're welcome. And finally, last night, president Trump dined with more than 200 investors into the Trump meme coin, the president's personal cryptocurrency venture. The Associated Press reports that at the dinner hosted at Trump's golf resort in Virginia. The coin's top 25 investors were invited to a private reception with Trump raising questions about the president's co-mingling his business interests with his public office. The White House said the president attended the event in his personal time. While there, he stood at lectern emblazoned with the Presidential seal.


No media were allowed access. A lot has changed in higher education since President Trump took office. Students have come to me and just they feel really scared. Everything that's been going on has kind of changed my life plans This Sunday on Upfirst, how members of the class of 2025 are feeling about the state of higher education and their own futures. Listen to The Sunday Story right here on NPRs Upfirst podcast, and that's Upfirst for Friday, May 23rd.


I'm Michelle Martin. And I'm me Martinez. And just a quick reminder that Upfirst airs on Saturdays, two, Aisha Roscoe and Scott Simon will have the news wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Krishna de Kalimore, Nicole Cohen, Russell Lewis, Alice Schweitzer, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziad bch, Nia Dumas and Anna Perez. We get engineering support from Zach Coleman in Washington DC and Josh Saatva jo at NPR in St. Paul. And a big thank you to Jeff Jones and all of our colleagues at NPR for their support. This week, our technical director is Carly Strange, and our executive producer is Jay Shaler. We hope you'll join us again Monday.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management, and advice. When you need it, You can also invest on your own and trade on, think or Swim. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more.


This message comes from Greenlight Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest Start your risk-free trial at greenlight.com/npr.


This message comes from Charles Schwab with their original podcast. Choice Choice is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Download the latest episode and subscribe At Schwab dot com slash podcast.