
I'm a Rosco, and this is The Sunday Story from Upfirst, where we go beyond the news to bring you one big story. Over the winter, NPRs Dia Hadid was reporting in Syria. Rebel fighters had just overthrown the brutal dictatorship of Bashar Alad. In her weeks of reporting, DIA discovered something shocking. It wasn't just men and women who were imprisoned by the Assad regime. Children were also taken and many remain unaccounted for today on The Sunday Story, what happened to the Disappeared children of Syria?


Dia Hadid brings us a story from her reporting in Damascus. After the break. Stay with us


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Comedy Centrals The Daily Show. When major headlines are coming fast and furious from every direction, it's impossible to know which way to turn. Look to John Stewart and the Daily Show news team every night to keep the news on the straight and narrow, no matter how twisted it all seems to get the Daily Show. New weeknights at 1110 Central on Comedy Central, and next day on Paramount Plus,


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, You can manage your wealth your way At Schwab. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more.


This message comes from Rinse. These days You can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and sell stocks, but You can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with Rinse. Schedule a pickup with the Rinse app, and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order at Rinse dot com. That's RIN ns e.com.


I'm Aisha Rosco. This is The Sunday Story from Upfirst NPR R'S Dia Hadid joins me now to talk about her reporting from Damascus. Dia, I know you were sent to Syria in, in the chaotic weeks following the Assad regimes fall. How did you come across a story about missing children? Aisha, as I was seeing what was happening in Damascus, I couldn't stop thinking about the children. I'd covered conflicts like this for so long, and I knew there'd likely be a large number of kids in orphanages whose parents had been detained or even disappeared during the Civil War. And I kept thinking what was happening to them now.


And let me tell you, this was hard for me. I have two young kids, so stories about vulnerable children really hit home, and I try not to take too many long trips away from them. So for this assignment, I, I felt like I needed their permission. So I told them I'm going to Syria so I can meet little ones who don't have a mama. So is that okay to give your mama to some other kids for a little while? And my girls agreed. Mm, that's very sweet of your girls. So I began calling groups that care for vulnerable children like unicef. The Red Cross are big organizations that run programs in Syria, and one group I reached was SOS Children's Villages.


That's an international aid group headquartered in Austria. It has branches all around the world, including in war zones. And a spokesperson for them told me they were coming to terms with a revelation that was shaking The organization, the Damascus branch had secretly taken in children whose mothers had been detained by intelligence agents, and this revelation was triggering a lot of anger in Syrian society. Well, I, I mean, and rightfully so. I How did you investigate these allegations? Well, after getting this tip, me and producer Ed, we went to other orphanages across Damascus, and we asked, did intelligence agents force you to secretly take in children?


And what happened to those children and And what did you find out? Well, it was really hard to get answers. At first, orphanages did not want to speak to us. The situation felt so uncertain. The I said regime had just fallen at the time, and people online were accusing them of collaborating with the former regime. But as we investigated, we finally met an official at the Ministry of Social Affairs who also wanted to know the answers. You see, the ministry had been overtaken by Rebels who formed an interim government, and Syrian families were asking them for help to find their children.


So this official helped us by calling up orphanage directors and telling them that they had to talk to us. He requested anonymity through this process because he wasn't meant to be speaking to the media, let alone helping us. Did you manage to speak to any parents whose children were taken away? Yeah. We spoke to one orphanage director who wanted us to hear from the detained women themselves. So she connected us to a couple of mothers. One of those women was We reached her at her home in a village in the southern Syrian province of Rah.


That's where the uprising against the regime of bahar Assad first erupted. She was keen to chat. So Aisha, this is what Shaba told me. She says that in the fall of 2018, Syrian security forces turned up one day and they dragged her and her daughter Hiba from their home. HIA was just two Aui believes they were taken hostage to pressure her husband's brothers to surrender to government forces. That was a pretty common tactic at the time because the brothers had joined the uprising against the regime, and Heba were driven to holding cells run by the Air Force Intelligence Directorate.


That was one of the most feared and violent arms of the Syrian regime. Guards pushed her and heba into a cold, dark cell with about six other women and their children. Nearly all the women's cells also held children, but the conditions there were not conducive to staying alive says they were only allowed to use the bathroom three times a day, not enough for little kids. So the mothers procured a bucket for the children to use as a toilet, and they emptied it out whenever they could. There was never enough food, an egg once a week, 15 olives, twice a week, plain yogurt every four days, sometimes jam boiled rice.


One day boiled lentils. The next boiled potatoes after thatI says she gave heba her share so she should stay alive, but still her daughter was losing weight. She became invested with lice, and she says 20 days after she arrived, prison guard banged on their cell doors and told the women, get your children ready. It was chaos. The women were asking, why do they want the children? And even now, years, Lateri cries if she remembers. This one woman who'd been detained for a while told them, say goodbye to your children now because they're going to take them away.


Don't make a fuss, or they'll put you in solitary, but some women wouldn't let go. So the guards came in and took their children by force. Drew Heba into her lap. She put her arms around her and hugged her. She Said, you're going to a better place, and when this ends, you'll be with me and I'll hug you. We hope that was true. She prayed, oh God, protect her with your watchful eye that never sleeps.


As the months went on, barely watched more mothers come into the cell and she watched them have their children snatched away, including newborn babies. She says pregnant women detained alongside her were taken to hospital. When they went into labor after birth, the women were returned to their lockup with their babies. They were allowed to nurse them for a few weeks, and then the guards took the babies away. It was a fch bear. We feared as well because when she was arrested with Heba, her 2-year-old, she was also a few weeks pregnant, but after almost eight months of detainment and weeks before she was due to give birth, she was finally sentenced and she was shifted to a notorious prison called Aada.


She still doesn't know what her crime was, but in prison, she was told she'd be released soon and she was given one phone call. So she called her sister and asked if somebody could pick her up, and she told her sister, Heather isn't with me. I don't know where she's bear. We return to her village, heavily pregnant. Her husband by that point, had abandoned her and married another woman. This happened a lot to women who'd been detained. When they were freed, they weren't greeted as heroes. They often faced immense stigma over the possibility that they'd been sexually assaulted while confined bari jokes that it would've been better if her husband had died in a Syrian prison so she could tell their kids that he was a martyr.


It was Bai's brother who began the search for Heva. He heard that she might be in an orphanage, and so he went banging on their doors across Damascus, and after three months of running around, the intelligence agency that had detained Shei finally returned Heba to him. Shei was in their village waiting. She'd just given birth and was recovering, and then they arrived. She says when she saw her daughter, their reunion was bittersweet, Says she came to her girl and asked her, do you remember me? And Heba replied, mama, remember she says, I hugged her in my arms and I saw her.


But as the days wore on, Heba grew distant. She screamed. WhenI tried to bathe her, feed her dress her. It was like she blamed her mother for their separation, but SOI at least was one of the lucky ones. Her daughter came back. So Dia, I just wanna interrupt you here. Do, do you have a sense of the scale of this? How many children were being taken away from their mothers like hipaa? I'm not sure we'll ever be able to get an accurate count, but a respected monitoring group, the Syrian Network for Human Rights, they estimate some 3,700 children remain missing after they were detained during the war by USAID regime forces, and based on our own investigation, we were able to confirm that at least 300 children were taken away from their mothers while they were being held by the directorate, including one baby girl who died while she was in the care of an orphanage that was just in Damascus.


We weren't able to reach orphanages in other parts of Syria at the time when we did our reporting and in Damascus, children were handed over to four orphanages and care centers. Intelligence agents ordered them to keep the children's existence a secret. The practice became so common that orphanage workers even had a name for these kids. Security placement children, Security placement children. It sounds so bureaucratic. Yeah, and just like they were handed over by intelligence agents days, weeks, months, even years later, intelligence agents took the children back.


Orphanage directors presume the children were given back to their mothers once they were released from detention, And that did happen like hei, who was returned to her mother Skai. But these children aren't orphans, as you know, as I understand it, as you know. Yeah. These are children who still had mothers and and many cases also fathers who were still alive First. Aisha, it's important to understand that an orphan in Muslim majority countries like Syria is not a child who's lost their parents. It's a child who's lost their father, and often children are handed over to orphanages because the mother can no longer support them financially or because if she'd like to remarry, her new husband may not want to raise what conservative society sees as somebody else's kid.


Okay, so it sounds like Syrian orphanages were always pretty full of children, sometimes a abandoned by their own parents. But then there was this shift during the Civil War, they started taking in children whose parents had not given them up, but the parents had been forcefully detained by intelligence agents. Yeah. Dia. How did people first come to know that these orphanages were taking in children this way? Yeah. The fights of these children of detained mothers first bubbled to the surface through the activism of one man. Hasan Hasi is a Canadian Syrian engineer who lives in Canada, and he's been searching for his sister Rani.


She was taken by Assad forces on March 11th, 2013, alongside her husband and their six children from Dima, the eldest at 14, to Leanne, who was two years old at the time, Rana's relatives believed that her decision to give food to families displaced by fighting at the time made her a target. Irana very quickly became one of the most prominent women held by the acid regime. That's partly because of a lab Bai's activism, and partly because Aranya was a national chess champion in Syria. The US State Department still advocates for her release, and Hasi keeps trying to find clues to his sister's fate and of her family.


Sometimes he uploads old home videos of Rana's daughters to sad music, just to remind people that they may be still out there. Then last year, after the Asad regime fell, allowed, Bari made a remarkable claim that aired on a popular Syrian opposition television station that he was told by an anonymous friend that Rana's children were being hidden in an orphanage. Says he said, friends to ask around the orphanages immediately, and he began to cast out on the Damascus branch of the SOS Children's Villages Claim was picked up by other Syrians on social media who began accusing the orphanages of human trafficking.


As this unfolded, OS Children's villagers issued a statement, they acknowledged that their Damascus branch had taken in security placement children over a period of four years until the charities headquarters found out and ordered their Damascus branch to stop. The regional director Tom Malt, who's a Swedish national, told me they're trying to rectify the situation now as much as I can, We'll do everything to open the books and the records and we to tracing children and families. S os Children's Villagers has t trawled its records to find 139 children who'd been placed there, but they can only confirm that 21 Syrian children were reunited with their families.


As of this, April Malt says he believes the staff were operating under extreme conditions. They were trying to do their best by the children who were appearing at their doorstep. And after Melvin's statement, multiple orphanage directors spoke up to defend the work they continued to do in Syria. These orphanages, however, imperfect have played a vital role in Syria, particularly through the Civil War. They remain one of the only places that vulnerable kids can receive care. From our interviews with orphanage directors, patterns emerged as to how these placements happened. Agents delivered the children in white vans to the orphanage.


They came with a paper listing the child's first name and a demand to keep the child's existence totally secret and one institution appears to have obeyed that order to the letter. When we come back, DIA visits a crowded orphanage that took in the children of detained mothers. Stay with us.


This message comes from monday.com work management platforms, red tape, endless adoption time, it bottlenecks, and after all that, nobody really uses them. But what If you didn't hate your work platform? What If you actually loved it? monday.com work management platform is different. You can make any changes you want and adapt it to your needs in an instant. No admin middleman. That's why people actually love using it. monday.com, the first work platform you'll love to use


support for this podcast and the following message come from Mint Mobile. Summer is just around the corner. You may break a sweat, but don't break the bank. Get your summer savings at Mint Mobile Shop Premium wireless plans for just $15 a month at Mint Mobile dot com slash npr. Upfront payment of $45 for three month, five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


We're back with NPR R'S Dia Hadid and her story about the missing children of Syria. The life Melody Complex or Tomar la Hay is a gated complex. It's perched on a hill overlooking Damascus. Syrians appear angriest at this orphanage more than any other. That's because it was once sponsored by Usman Assad, the wife of Sirius, former ruler. She used to visit the institution cameras at the ready to show her with orphans. She was photographed alongside a longtime board member. Na. We met on a winter's day.


She walked us through the orphanage. She wanted to show us how well they care for the children. There's about 400 boys and girls here from babies to women in their early twenties who have nowhere else to go. We met toddlers who were warmly dressed, watching cartoons in other rooms. Babies Nap two or three took cart. There just wasn't enough room for all the babies that had been abandoned here. As we walked, aha proudly told us she's familiar with all the children in the orphanage. She laughed and said she even arranges the circumcisions of all the baby boys.


Muslim boys are expected to be circumcised. She paid for the weddings of the older kids. She was really proud of that. She pulled up one video on her phone of one of those weddings, But says she only found out that intelligence agents were delivering children to the orphanage after the acid regime was toppled. She says that's because she didn't spend any time in the administrative building where children were handed over. She was with the children in the main building, the orphanage, and she says she didn't notice some of the children suddenly arriving or leaving.


But life Melody Complex actually did keep records of the security placement. Children who were transferred into their care. Copies of those records were handed over to the new interim government. An official showed NPR a list of 45 children who were placed there by intelligence agents that official told us there was a stack of pages an inch thick filled with other names of other security placement children who were cycled there over the years, but the official didn't show us that stack of papers. The official spoke on condition of anonymity, fearing retaliation from members of the former Asad regime.


They said, my life is worth the price of a bullet. During this investigation, I visited every single orphanage I could find in Damascus to figure out if there were patterns to these children being hidden away. One of them was Almo, which is on a busy Damascus road. Here the director kept detailed records of the 50 children who were deposited by intelligence agents. Ana inside director Anna Alba is chatting to some colleagues when I met her in December, compared to what we heard at the Life Melody Orphanage.


Aaba was sharply aware of the transfer of security placement kids into her orphanages care over bracing Turkish coffee. She tells us the first time an agent came knocking with a baby boy to hand over, she didn't believe it. She tells me, I even asked for the man's id. I said, how do I know you haven't kidnapped these children? Barbara tells me, this man looks at her and says, you are asking me for my id. Do you understand who I am? And Alibaba says, it began to sink in saying no to the Air Force Intelligence directorate would be a death sentence.


She Says, they would've put us through their human miza. They would've made us hamburgers or kebabs. Avar says, when the children arrived, they were sick, thin, dirty infested with head lice like they'd just come outta prison and they would distraught says in her orphanage for the first week, they isolated the kids with a caregiver. They call them house mothers. And the house mother would offer the kid new clothes, a pink pajama or a blue one. Do you want a toy? What do you wanna eat today? Do fries. She says They wanted the kids to see they were cared for, but a Barbara says she was not at peace with the arrangement and there were limits to what she could do.


She says she hacked to turn away relatives who came to her orphanage looking for their missing children. She had toy obey. We end our interview with Aaba. She tells me she hopes she was worthy of the burden that God made her carry. It's at this moment, I look out the window and see a man lingering outside. He's clutching his mobile phone and looks nervous. I ask Aaba, does he work here? Appears out the window. No. And she invites him into the office.


He walks in and tells Aaba that his children went missing in 2013 with his wife. She'd been detained by forces loyal to Syria's, former ruler, Bahar Asad as she was trying to get to hospital because she was nine months pregnant. He says, for a long time he believed his wife and kids had been killed to punish him because he'd refused to provide information about rebels operating in his area. He pulls out his phone to show her pictures of his kids. There's Moham, Hammad, Seven Islam, Islam. She's five three. His name is Hanni Alara.


And in December, 11 years after they disappeared, he saw the social media bars about children hidden in orphanages, and he began hoping just maybe his children were alive. Maybe they'd been hidden in an orphanage. Maybe this orphanage. Alibaba says she's sure his children weren't placed here, but just in case she asks for his wife's name, the children typically came listed under their mother's names, shakes her head. Sadly not here, sir. I wish they were. I would have given them to you. But she tells him, you mustn't give up hope, sir.


We took Raz details and we met him a few days later in his tiny apartment in a working class suburb of Damascus. It's up a few flights of narrow stairs and Raz holding his youngest son from his second marriage. Hello, Have you there. We sit in a room that feels like a cubby hole. During the years that he tried to find his wife and children, he angered the Asad regime, soldiers who manned the checkpoint in his area. They detained him and ultimately shifted him to a lockup where he was tortured for hours every day for three months. He says he was strung up from a ceiling beaten and starved.


After that, he began to hope that his wife and children were dead. Rather than experience the depravities of detention under the acid regime. And that includes well-documented cases of rape of women, men and children. Says his friends urged him to move on, marry a good woman, make a new family. One Of his friends set him up with his sister and they fell in love. He calls her his everything, his mother, his father, his friend. He now has three sons with his new wife. The youngest is baby Mohammed.


About a year old. He squirms and on RA's lap and totals off to examine a drainpipe. But even as he cuddles his youngest son, the hope of finding his older children and first wife won't leave him, he says, he even asks his current wife, what will you do if I find my first wife? He tells us, my new wife lost her brother during the war and she understands the pain I'm feeling. And she told me, If you find your first wife, I'll put her in this eye before that eye. It's an Arab saying. That means I'll honor her and his sons, especially the oldest, know that something isn't right.


His oldest son is eight. Now he's aware of the world around him. He keeps asking about his older half siblings, particularly his sister Islam. She was five when she disappeared in a photo. Al Farra keeps on his phone. She's sitting in a garden. Her sandy hair touches her tanned shoulders. RA's crying. He takes a deep breath and says, praise me to God. And continues. My son's asked me, why don't you get her?


Why don't you find her? And I tell them, I swear I'm trying. Thank you so much Dia, for this reporting and for shining a light and being a voice for the missing during this time of so much uncertainty. Thank you for listening. That's NPR international correspondent Dia Hadid. This episode of The Sunday Story was produced by Justine Yan.


It was edited by Jenny Schmidt and Vincent Knee. Maggie Luther mastered the episode. The Sunday Story team includes Andrew Mambo and our senior supervising producer, Liana Strom. Irene Na Gucci is our executive producer. I'm Aisha Roscoe. Upfirst is back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


This message comes from monday.com. Work management platforms, red tape, endless adoption time, it bottlenecks. And after all that, nobody really uses them. But what If you didn't hate your work platform? What If you actually loved it? monday.com work management platform is different. You can make any changes you want and adapt it to your needs in an instant. No admin middleman. That's why people actually love using it. monday.com, the first work platform you'll love to use


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Kard inviting you to sail in luxurious style to over 250 destinations with Queen Mary, two, queen Victoria, queen Elizabeth, and their newest ship. Queen Anne, enjoy spacious accommodations, fine dining, award-winning entertainment, and exceptional service, all with a British flare while on board. Join q a's insights enrichment program. For thought-provoking stories from famous faces and notable guests, visit q nard.com/npr.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. Mint Mobile took what's wrong with wireless and made it right. They offer premium wireless plans for less. And all plans include high speed data, unlimited talk, and text, and nationwide coverage. See for yourself at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.