
President Trump is expected to take the next step today in imposing steep tariffs on imported goods from three countries, Setting the stage for more inflation and a trade war. I'm Scott Simon. And I'm Aisha Roscoe. And this is Upfirst from NPR News President says it's about fentanyl. In one case, they're sending massive amounts of fentanyl, killing hundreds of thousands of people a year with a fentanyl, and in the other two cases they're making it possible for this poison to get in. We'll have more on that, including analysis from NPRs Ron Eling. Also the FAA prohibits most helicopters from flying near Ronald Reagan, national Washington Airport.


That's after the fatal crash Wednesday night. So please Stay with us. We have the news you need to start your


weekend. This message comes from Comedy Central's, the Daily Show. John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are kicking off 2025 with brand new episodes covering a brand new administration and a not quite brand new president. While it may feel like history is repeating itself, it's never been covered like this with John Stewart behind the desk kicking off every week. Comedy Central's the Daily Show, new weeknights at 11 on Comedy Central and streaming next day on Paramount Plus,


this message comes from NPR sponsor One Password, secure access to your online world. From emails to banking so You can protect what matters most with one password. For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/npr.


This message comes from Doctors Without Borders. Over 80% of doctors without border staff are from the countries they work in because local residents know their communities best when a crisis strikes, they can respond immediately because they have resources strategically warehoused around the world and teams on the ground who know what their communities need. Support Doctors Without Borders, local teams and make a global impact. Learn how to donate today@doctorswithoutborders.org slash npr.


Trump says he'll impose tariffs on goods coming in from three of the nation's biggest trading partners, Mexico, Canada, and China. The White House says the details are coming out today. NPR Scott Horsley joins us now with the latest. Scott, thanks for being with us. Good morning, Scott. Certainly a lot of talk about tariffs during the campaign, but there were some feeling among certain analysts that Donald Trump was posturing. Where do things stand today? We have yet to see any official tariff order from the White House and Trump has a long history of threatening tariffs, some of which take effect, some don't. You know, we saw that last weekend when Trump threatened to slap tariffs on imports from Columbia, but backed off after Columbia agreed to conditions for accepting deportations from the us.


So there was some thought maybe Trump would make a similar deal to avoid this round of tariffs. But White House spokeswoman Caroline Levitt insisted yesterday this tariff threat is not a bluff. The President will be implementing a 25% tariffs on Mexico, 25% tariffs on Canada, and a 10% tariff on China for the illegal fentanyl that they have sourced and allowed to distribute into our country. These are promises made and promises kept by the president. Trump also wants Mexico and Canada to curb illegal immigration into the US. Now, Levitt did leave the door open for Trump to backtrack on these tariffs if some kind of face saving agreements reached. We did see that back in 2019 when Mexico agreed to crack down on immigration from Central America.


So recognizing there's a possibility tariffs could be lifted in the meantime, what kind of effect are they going to have on prices? This is a tax on imports, so it's gonna raise the price of everything we buy from these three countries, which is a lot. You know, last year we imported more than $1.2 trillion worth of stuff from Mexico, Canada, and China. Everything from TVs and tequila to tomatoes and two by fours. The good news is the avocados for your Super Bowl dip next weekend have probably already made it across the border. So that's not gonna face a 25% guacamole tax. But you know Mexico supplies more than first first. Yeah, that's right. But Mexico supplies more than a quarter of all the fresh fruit and vegetables we eat in the US.


Canada supplies a lot of crude oil to Midwestern oil refineries. All those are gonna be subject to tariffs. Although Trump did hint, the tax rate on Canadian oil could be less than 25%. Whatever the rate experience shows, much of the cost is gonna be borne by businesses and shoppers here in the United States. And what are the implications for, for major US trading partners, especially Mexico and Canada? Yeah, it's gonna hit them hard as well. The US is a very big market for our next door neighbors. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau warned of difficult times ahead for his country. He says Canada doesn't want a trade war, but he added, it's not gonna just surrender either. You know, TR Trudeau says Canada is ready to push back with retaliatory tariffs of its own on US exports A purposeful, forceful but reasonable immediate response.


We won't relent until tariffs are removed. And of course everything is on the table. Mexico and China are also likely to retaliate. We saw that during the first Trump administration with other countries put tariffs on things like Kentucky Bourbon and Harley-Davidson motorcycles. Yeah, you might remember US farmers lost a lot of business overseas and the the federal government wound up paying some of the farmers for the corn and soybean sales. They missed out on What happened to the free trade agreement with Canada and Mexico that Trump negotiated just a few years ago. You know, Trump was no fan of the original North American Free trade Agreement, but he and his allies did renegotiate that pact the last time he was in the White House. That deal is due for a possible update next year.


Some analysts think these new tariffs are just a, a mechanism for Trump to drag Mexico and Canada back to the bargaining table a year earlier in hopes of extracting more favorable terms. Scott Horsley, thanks so much for being with us. Good To be with you. If these new tariffs will likely raise prices in the us why is Trump in favor of them? Well, For that, we turn to Ron Elvin, NPR, senior Washington editor and correspondent. Ron, thanks for being with us. Good To be with you Scott. Donald Trump campaigned on that pledge. That said, other than President Trump, who thinks these big new tariffs are a good idea, By and large it would be people who share Trump's sense of grievance about world trade and global affairs.


People who believe the United States has been getting ripped off to quote the president. They tend to also believe that tariffs will help even the score. Now Trump says tariffs will be our external revenue service collecting money from other countries instead of taxing Americans like the Internal Revenue Service. We all know, And that must sound pretty good to a lot of folks judging by the election results. Of course, as we just heard from Scott Horsley, economists see tariffs quite differently. They tend to see an outmoded and counterproductive blunderbuss of a weapon that often winds up wounding the user as much as the target. The classic example being the tariffs the US imposed in the early 1930s.


Historians tell us those tariffs actually deepened and lengthened the Great Depression. What was the political effect of the tariffs that President Trump put in place during his first administration? You'd have to say it was mixed and rather limited. Really, those tariffs served their purpose in the short run in targeted areas, but they did not measurably improve Trump's standing for reelection in 2020 or for that matter when he came back in 2024. The tariffs were not the salient issue either time. There were just too many other issues and the and the blame for the inflation of the past few years had long since gone elsewhere. Of course, tariffs are just one of a host of executive actions in orders from the Trump White House this week.


Which one stand out to you? To me, the chief executive moment of the week was Trump's news conference Thursday morning about the mid-air collision over Ronald Reagan National Airport. Diverting attention from that tragedy to make a tech on diversity hiring when we still don't know who or what was responsible for that crash. Trump said he was using common sense, and that's a phrase he's been using a lot lately. I think people are beginning to get a sense of what that common sense means to him. As for the executive orders, it's quite a competition. I'd have to go with the now rescinded order to freeze federal spending. That order said all grants had to be frisked for Marxism or race and gender diversity or approval of certain sexual orientation.


That language was striking as well as confusing federal judges stepped in. The freeze is off for now, but the underlying orders, the judgments from the Trump administration remain in effect. Of course, the courts had already paused an earlier order against birthright citizenship, but perhaps the most notable aspect of the overall attitude of these orders is the preemptory nature of it. There was a sense Trump was testing the boundaries and trying all the locks on the constitutional house at once. I do recall the presidential Obama was criticized for relying on executive orders. He said at the time that he had none uncooperative Republican majorities in the House and Senate.


President Trump doesn't have to contend with that problem, does he? Not at the moment. Although the margins in both chambers are historically slim, all presidents have used executive orders, at least at times and often at critical times. It's fast. It creates an impression of action and change and effectiveness, but only for a time and only if the various orders survive. Court challenges and other forms of pushback. When you go around Congress for short term success, you risk a reckoning that can have longer lasting effects. And Pier. Ron Elvin, thanks so much for being with us on this very important week. Well, I guess they all are, but thanks so much, Ron. Thank you Scott.


Investigators are still trying to find out why a military helicopter collided with a passenger jet this week near Washington DC. In the meantime, the Federal Aviation Administration has placed tight restrictions on helicopter flights in the area. NPR transportation reporter, Joel Rose joins us. Joel, thanks for being with us. Hi Scott. Good Morning. And what are the latest on the investigation? Investigators with the National Transportation Safety Board say they have recovered the black box from the helicopter in this case that is a combined voice and data recorder. And now they will try to extract that information from it and, and if that works, it should tell them a lot about what was happening in the moments before the collision on Wednesday night.


But board members have been emphatic that they will not speculate and we will wait until they have all the facts before drawing any conclusions. Here's board member Todd Edman at a briefing yesterday evening. The TSB is an independent bipartisan board 58 years as the gold standard. Our job is to find the facts, but more importantly, our job is to make sure this tragedy doesn't happen again, regardless of what anyone may be saying, Inman did not mention President Trump by name. But it was hard not to see the sharp contrast after the President claimed this week that diversity, equity, and and inclusion programs that the Federal Aviation Administration were to blame while also acknowledging that he had no direct evidence linking DEI to the crash.


Joel, do you see any indication of what the focus of the investigation might be at the moment? There are a lot of questions focusing on that US Army Black Hawk helicopter, and Whether it was in the right place, there is growing evidence that it was not based on NPRs analysis of flight data along with new video footage that circulated yesterday of the collision, which show the helicopter out of the flight corridor where it was supposed to be operating. Instead, it was well out over the Potomac River when it collided with the plane sources tell NPR it was also flying above the 200 foot ceiling that it was required to maintain. And what about reports that the Air Traffic control tower might have been understaffed at the time of the crash? Yeah, several outlets have reported on an internal FAA report that says an air traffic controller was doing double duty in two separate positions at the time of the collision because staffing was lower than normal for that time, NPR has not been able to confirm that independently.


The head of the air traffic controller's Union says it is not uncommon to combine positions like that. The NTSB says staffing is something they are looking at, not just at the moment of the collision, but in the days and weeks leading up to it. The board says they have begun interviewing the controllers who were on duty that night. But again, board member Inman did not wanna speculate on whether that was a factor in the collision. And Joel, what are the new flight restrictions near Reagan National? The FAA will limit helicopter flights on routes along the Potomac River near the airport as well as over the airport itself. And transportation Secretary Sean Duffy said that would help secure the airspace and restore public trust. The FAA says helicopter traffic will be restricted but not completely suspended.


There will be exemptions, for example, for medical emergency flights, for law enforcement activity and VIP movements and investigators continue to pour over that area of the river where the two aircraft went down. The victims included the flight crew, three soldiers, competitive figure skaters from the US and Russia civil rights lawyer and dozens of others. Authorities say they have located many bodies so far, but they say they will keep looking until they have found all of them. NPS Joel Rose, thanks so much. You're Welcome In. That's Upfirst for Saturday, February 1st. I'm Aisha Roka.


And I'm Scott Simon. Our producer is Martin Patience, with help from Andrew Craig and Elena Twerk. Our director is Michael Radcliffe. Our editors are Polo v Gogo, ed McNulty, Russell Lewis, Shannon Rhodes, and Matthew Sherman. Andy. He is our technical director with engineering support from Jay sis, David Greenberg and Arthur Halladay. Lauren Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Oliver is our executive producer And Luis Clemens is our deputy managing editor. Tomorrow on The Sunday Story, we re-air our episode about three communities in the US that are balancing the need for more housing with the threat of climate related disasters.


And for more news interview, sports and music, You can tune into weekend edition on your radio. Go to stations.npr.org to find your local station. You won't regret it? No. You may regret a lot of things, but not listen. Listening to not listening to NPR,


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management and advice when you need it, You can also invest on your own and trade on, think or swim. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more


Support for NPR in the following message come from Washington Wise. Decisions made in Washington can affect your portfolio every day. Washington Wise from Charles Schwab is an original podcast that unpacks the stories making news and how they may affect your finances and portfolio. Host Mike Townsend and his guests explore policy initiatives for retirement, savings, taxes, trade, and more. Download the latest episode and follow At Schwab dot com slash Washington wise or wherever you listen.


This message comes from Bombas Socks. Underwear and t-shirts are the top three requested clothing items by people experiencing homelessness. Bombas makes all three and donates one item. For every item purchased, go to Bombas dot com slash npr and use code NPR for 20% off.