
Michelle, my bill. I'm trying to think of other songs that feature the word Michelle, that's Not French. Authorities indicted the co-founder of Telegram. He's accused of letting people use his app for crimes and then not cooperating with authorities. What are the implications for other tech giants like Meta and X? I'm Steve Inskeep with Michelle Martin, and this is upfirst from NPR News. The Trump campaign is pushing back against controversy over images taken at Arlington National Cemetery.


You guys in the media, you're acting like Donald Trump filmed a TV commercial at a grave site. Well, He did use footage from grave sites in a TikTok post. Federal law prohibits the use of cemeteries for political purposes And false claims about non-citizens voting are affecting some eligible voters. It doesn't surprise me at all considering the the narrative that's out there right now. Stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva, maker of quality, handcrafted mattresses, founder and CEO. Ron Russon shares one of their core values At sattva, we believe sleep does unlock a superpower. When you wake up and you're totally refreshed, you go after things more and it all starts with being on the right mattress. And that's what Safa has been inspired by from the day that we started. Visit SA tva.com/npr to save up to $600 from now through Labor Day weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. The Capital One Venture Card earn unlimited two x miles on every purchase. Plus earn unlimited five x miles on hotels and rental cars booked through Capital One Travel. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com for details.


Support for NPR comes from Carvana presenting this message. Whether you're the kind of shopper who knows exactly what you want or the kind who likes to weigh out every option. Carvana is the convenient way to shop for a car online. Visit Carvana dot com to shop thousands of affordable car options.


A French court has indicted tech billionaire Powell dur of on charges that he allowed a wide range of crimes to flourish on the messaging platform. Telegram. This is a case of interest to anybody who uses social media and of special interest if you happen to be one of the billionaires who owns social media platforms. Doof is co-founder of this service. It's an app you download on your phone. You can send private encrypted messages or talk on public channels. He's not accused of committing crimes himself, but of running the platform where crimes took place and then of failing to cooperate with authorities. The charges followed ovs surprise arrest and they add to the debate about free speech in the internet. Reporter Rebecca Rossman has been following the case.


We caught up with her in London. Good morning, Rebecca. Good morning. Before We get into these charges, can you just tell us a little bit more about Telegram and its CEO? So the CEO Paval OV is someone who has long been seen as an anti-establishment figure. He was born in the then Soviet Union in the mid 1980s. His first big social media company was actually a site called vk, which is Russia's answer to Facebook. He famously left Russia in 2014, though after refusing to comply with the Kremlin's demands that he turned over information about the site's users. This is what prompted him to start Telegram, which he now runs from Dubai. And while it's less popular in the US it has nearly a billion users worldwide and is especially popular in countries like Brazil, India, Russia, and Ukraine.


One thing that users find particularly attractive about the platform is it's limited oversight of what users can say or do, but this has also made the app a favorite tool for far right, extremist groups, terrorist organizations, and criminal gains. Is that what led to these charges? Yeah, more or less. So. The Paris Prosecutor's Office announced a pretty wide range of charges yesterday evening, but they're mostly tied to allegations that derive was complicit in the spread of all kinds of illegal activities on telegram. So things like the spread of child sexual abuse materials, drug trafficking and money laundering. French investigators say derive failed to cooperate with them or provide information that would've helped them shut down these illegal operations.


And he's now under judicial supervision and is banned from leaving French territory. He also had to post a bond of five and a half million dollars and will be required to report to French police twice a week while he's under investigation. And if he's convicted, he could face up to a decade in prison. And I should say these charges are groundbreaking in the sense that this would certainly appear to be the harshest action any government has taken against a social media executive to date. Okay. France is not the only place where people are worried that these platforms are being used to commit crimes and also to spoke social division, which has actually led to violence in many places. But there are also the free speech absolutists who consider rulemaking a form of censorship.


And I take it we're hearing a lot of outrage from some of these folks, especially from other tech moguls. Right? And what these tech moguls say is that it is simply not their job to be policing these platforms. and that forcing them to do so actually sets a dangerous precedent for free speech on the internet. A number of well-known individuals have spoken out against AVS arrest. And you have people like Elon Musk who posted the hashtag free paval on his platform X. But the French government has defended its actions with even French president e Emmanuel Macron himself taking to X earlier this week to write his country was quote, deeply committed to freedom of expression, but that in a state governed by the rule of law, things need to be upheld within a legal framework, whether that's in real life or on social media.


That is reporter Rebecca Rossman in London. Rebecca, thank you. Thank you. Former president Donald Trump shared a TikTok video, including footage that raises questions about whether it violates federal law against using military cemeteries for campaign purposes. That social media post is how Trump has used a video and images taken Amid grave sites at Arlington National Cemetery. Trump visited there on Monday, and as NPR has reported, Trump campaign staffers had a physical altercation with an Arlington National Cemetery staffer who tried to reinforce the restriction.


The campaign is seeking to downplay the Incident. NPR Steven Fowler is with us with an update and also to talk about the political implications of this incident. Good morning, Steven. Good morning. So Trump was at Arlington Monday for a remembrance of the third anniversary of a suicide bombing in Afghanistan, in which 13 US service members were killed. And he posted a video about it online. So just remind us of what the controversy's about. There's three key things to note about this story. First broken by our colleague, Quill Lawrence. One, a pair of Trump campaign staffers had a verbal and physical altercation with an Arlington staffer who tried to stop them from filming in a part of the cemetery known as Section 60, because it's against the rules. Two. Federal law also prevents the use of cemeteries as backgrounds or props for political campaigns.


Three, the Trump campaign did it anyways with pictures and now a TikTok video showing Trump and some family members of the deceased posing at headstones. And And what are those family members saying? Well, in a statement from the gold star family members that invited Trump, they say they gave approval for his videographer and photographer to document the emotional moment. It's also important to note the family members who invited Trump also spoke at the Republican National Convention like Cheryl Jules, who's the aunt of Sergeant Nicole G, one of the 13 service members killed in the attack at Abbey Gate. They used that time on stage to bash President Biden and vocally endorse Trump. Donald Trump loves his country and will never forget the sacrifice and bravery of our service members join us in putting him back in the White House.


So Michelle, even though they were okay with the cameras, the families don't have the power to suspend the rules. Also, NPR has learned the family of a Green Beret who died by suicide, whose headstones visible in those pictures and videos did not give permission to be included, which highlights one reason for the ban on campaigning in such a sensitive environment. So what has been the Trump campaign's response to this? The information, the reporting about this altercation, other than putting out a video that does seem to be, you know, flouting these rules, There's been some nastiness in the response. The Trump campaign spokesman said the Arlington representative was clearly suffering from a mental health episode. And on the campaign trail yesterday, Trump vice presidential nominee JD Vance said, vice President Kamala Harris could quote, go to hell over the Afghanistan withdrawal and blame reporters for the controversy.


You guys in the media, you're acting like Donald Trump filmed a TV commercial at a grave site. He was there providing emotional support to a lot of brave Americans who lost loved ones they never should have lost. And there happened to be a camera there and somebody gave him permission to have that camera there. He did in fact film a commercial there, sort of, which he then put on TikTok. So Obviously we're in the thick of this 2024 presidential campaign. Do we have a sense of how voters might be seeing this or, or what this adds to our picture of Trump as a candidate and as a once and possibly future commander in chief? Well, Trump's also been accused of calling dead soldiers, quote suckers and losers stoke controversy for saying Civilian Medal of Freedom recipients are much better than those who received the Medal of honor.


And so all of these things would be a big deal for any other candidate, but this is a perfect encapsulation of life under Trump. That is NPR Stephen Fowler. Stephen, thank you. Thank you. It is illegal for non-citizens to vote in federal elections. And there's no credible evidence that it happens in significant numbers. That has not stopped some politicians from talking as if non-citizens vote or could vote. Republicans talk to them voting for Democrats as they advocate what they describe as ballot security measures. Joining us now is N P'S Jude Joffe block. She's been covering issues around democracy and how false narratives affect the country.


Jude, welcome. Thanks for joining us. Hello. Why are we hearing so many claims about non-citizens voting this year? So Trump has a history of claiming that elections are rigged against him In 2020. He raised fears around voting by mail, and this year he's seized on record crossings by migrants to suggest it's part of a plot to steal the election. And this rhetoric is concerning to a lot of people. Like Joceline Singh, she's an attorney at the nonprofit Brennan Center for Justice, which advocates for voting rights. It's just another tactic to undermine this election and so doubt in the election. And sort of to set up the ability for election deniers to call and into question the election results after November, 2024.


So Jude, what sort of impact does this rhetoric have in the real world? So first, there's already lots of guardrails that states use to make sure that people are lawfully voting. But at least four states with Republican leadership are announcing new processes and efforts to remove non-citizens from the voter roles. And of course, maintaining voter roles is a critical election safeguard. The key is how you do it. So for one federal law says it can't happen within 90 days of an election, and you have to be really careful to not mistakenly target eligible voters. But in my reporting, I found out these efforts are sweeping up US citizens who are eligible to vote. Say more about that. What happened to these voters? One of them is William Pritchett.


He's 59. He was born and raised in Alabama, has always been a US citizen. He's one of 3,200 people in Alabama who are getting letters from election officials saying they could be non-citizens. So their voter registration is now inactive. The letter says, if you are a US citizen and eligible to vote, you should reregister. It's not really clear at this point how Pritt got flagged, but it shows these methods are prone to error. Pritt quickly updated his registration, but he thinks the whole effort is misguided. It Doesn't surprise me at all considering the the narrative that's out there right now where they're basically trying to convince people that the election will be decided by non-citizens, you know, that are voting or whatever, which is in my opinion, as a false narrative.


I Also talked to several naturalized citizens in Tennessee who got similar letters earlier this summer that felt to them like voter intimidation. And in Texas, a rumor spread by a Fox business host that was debunked about non-citizens, supposedly registering to vote led to the state's attorney general launching a criminal investigation into voter registration groups. So Jude, where do things stand as we get closer to the election? Well, advocacy groups are paying close attention. They've asked Tennessee and Alabama to halt these efforts saying they violate federal law. And Tennessee later said, people who got letters would not be purged from the voter rolls. Alabama's Secretary of State told NPR anyone who got a letter and as a citizen can still vote on election day if they show proof.


But he's also said he sent the names on this list over to the state's Attorney General for investigation. And there's a chilling effect that comes from all of this that could prompt eligible citizens to opt out of participating. That is NPRs Jude Joffey Block two. Thank you. Thank You. And that's upfirst for Thursday, August 29th. I'm Michelle Martin. And I'm Steve Inskeep. For your next listen, consider this, which is the name of a podcast that goes deep on one big story of the day. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Kevin Drew, Megan Pratt, Brett Neely, Ellis Wolfley, and Jan Johnson. It was produced by Ziad BCH n Dumas and Nina Kavinski.


We get engineering support from Carly Strange and our technical director is Stacy Abbott. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's


plus.npr.org. This message comes From NPR r sponsor, NetSuite. The less your business spends, the more margin you keep. But today, everything costs more. Head to netsuite.com/story to learn how smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle


The Constitution. Our founding document says a lot about how our country has evolved and who we want to be, but it's not set in stone. So for the next month, we'll be digging into the history behind some of its most pivotal amendments. Listen to we the people on the Through Line podcast from NPR.