
I am Aisha Roscoe, and this is The Sunday Story from upfirst. Every Sunday we do something special. We go beyond the news of the day to bring you one big story. Now, I don't need to tell you that there is a lot of disagreement in this country at the moment. Donald Trump has been elected as the 47th president. A lot of people are elated, a lot of people are upset. And soon a lot of people who disagree will be sitting across from each other at the holiday dinner table.


We've dealt with a fair share of disagreements in my own family. I won't go into all, you know, the bloody details, but generally someone will start talking and then I will realize that they're wrong and I start delivering the facts. My brother likes to argue. So whether he really believes it or not, he'll start being contrarian. and, you know, other members of the family, aunts and uncles, they'll jump in and, and they'll, they'll have their opinions and it'll all be going well. We'll be all loud and stuff and then, then it'll go too far.


And I don't know if anybody else has this, I should stop, you know, arguing the point. But there's a part of me that goes, keep going, keep talking because I'm right. Sometimes when you get that last word in, that's what ends up tipping, just a disagreement into an all out emotional fight and tears of flowing and things like that. And that's what you don't want. But one thing I've always felt in all my kind of arguing my points and trying to get the last word, is I have never really been able to convince anyone of my rightness.


And I do wonder, like why? Why is it so hard to convince people of things to persuade people? And, and is there maybe another way that I should be approaching these conversations? Which is why I wanted to share this episode from NPR Science podcast. Short Wave. Turns out they've been asking basically the same thing. I wanted to know, what does science have to say about how to manage conflict Well, political or otherwise? That's producer Rachel Carlson in an episode hosted by Emily Kwang This week. NPR is exploring America's divisions and sharing stories about people who are trying to bridge their divides.


So today we're following Rachel on her scientific pursuit of this question. And that's how I ended up talking to two people who've been disagreeing with each other for almost 45 years. Jeannie Safer is a psychoanalyst. She's liberal and she's married to Richard Brook Heiser, a conservative republican who works for the National Review And he is adorable. So, and he is like 92 feet tall. I asked them how they met. We met in a singing group, so that was good. 'cause we shared an interest that was not political. It's very important actually. It was also an unusual singing group, Right? 'cause it was, it was Renaissance religious music.


Not for religious purposes, but for singing purposes. When did we meet him? 1977. Yeah. You know, they say singing like Syncopate Your Heartbeat. So maybe that worked out in bringing them together. It's the Renaissance music. Absolutely. And they told me they sang with this group for like six hours every single week. Wow. So they were spending so much time together. Yeah, they eventually got married. And when they first got married, they talked through and ultimately disagreed on a lot of things. They said there've only been a few times where they voted for the same people and over time they've set some boundaries with each other. The thing we could not talk about really was abortion. We both had strong opinions that were opposite and So.


we realized we can't talk about this So, we won't So, we didn't, we won't. Then you also figure out ways that you can talk about other stuff. This was so striking to me, Emily, like they're really reflective about each other's opinions and about each other as people in general. It really opens your mind to think that somebody that you disagree with takes care of you, helps you, is there for you. It was really a revelation to me actually, how much that means. Well, and not just me. I mean, no, you met colleagues of mine that you like and I met your mentor who was a communist and, but he was a good boss.


He treated you very well, was a wonderful boss, wonderful. But we also were able to join each other's worlds And this joining of worlds was proof that these kinds of conversations can happen. Yeah, Jeanie and Richard have been married for a really long time, and they have so much mutual respect for one another. That's a really key baseline component of these conversations, and it's not a given for everyone you meet. Absolutely. These conversations aren't always possible because there isn't that baseline of respect or even safety. But presuming both, presuming the person you're talking to has those qualities towards you and you towards them. How do you have a conversation? It's not easy, but we're gonna try to work through it.


So today on the show, the neuroscience of Disagreement. When we have the opportunity to engage with someone who thinks differently than we do, what's going on in our brains and how can we make the most of those conversations?


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sova founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares the story of how he got started creating Sova In 2007. 2008. I went out and I bought the most popular luxury mattresses. I tore them apart and I realized based on the raw materials cost and the analysis that I had done, that I was able to sell that level mattress, but with a very affordable price. Visit SA tva.com/ NPR and save up to $600.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor member SIPC.


This message comes from our sponsor. Granger This is the story of the one. as a maintenance engineer, he hears things differently to the untrained ear. Everything on his shop floor might sound fine, but he can hear gears grinding or a belt slipping. So. he steps in to fix the problem at hand before it gets out of hand. And, he knows Grainger s got the right product. he needs to get the job done, which is music to his ears. Call click Granger dot com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Okay, Rachel, you have ventured into the world of disagreement like the neuroscience and retrieved some info to help us have better conversations. Let's start with what happens in our bodies when we disagree. What goes down? Okay, Emily, imagine that you and I are about to have a disagreement. So our pupils might dilate, our heart might start racing and we might start to sweat a little more, And that of course just breeds. Guess what? Mistrust. That's Rudy Mendoza Denton. He's a professor of psychology at uc. Berkeley. Rudy co-teaches a class from Berkeley's Greater Good Science Center on bridging differences. Hmm. He says, we might not even notice these things while they're happening to us, but on top of all of them, we start making these split second decisions about whether or not we trust someone just by looking at their faces.


Oh, those decisions though, aren't always accurate. There's lots of research showing that there's this discordant perceptions of trust and how trustworthy people actually are. And so it takes getting to know someone and assessing them again and again through different types of interactions and becoming close with them to understand whether people are indeed trustworthy. Who's that? That's Orel Feldman Hall, a researcher and social neuroscientist at Brown University. And she says, when we interact with someone we've decided is untrustworthy, or even someone who just belongs to another group than us, our amygdala starts to respond. Yeah. Our amygdala, that is like our brain's threat detector. It's like a smoke alarm. Exactly.


Activity there increases. So If we're disagreeing and our amygdala is going off, what else is happening on our brain? I found a study from 2021 looking at exactly that. So I called up the lead researcher, joy Hirsch to talk about it. She's a neuroscience professor at Yale School of Medicine and the beauty of this study is that Joy and her team monitored the brains of multiple people at once while they talk to each other. Whoa. Which is so, so cool because it's pretty new in the neuroscience world. Usually you're just looking at one person's brain at a time, right? You're just Like slid under an MRI Machine. Exactly. And in this case people wore these things that looked like swim caps on their head and they have these little thingies all around the caps. What Little thingies?


What's that for? It's literally the term that Joy used when we were talking about it. She told me they're technically called optos. So some of these are like little lasers that emit light into the brain and then some detect that light. So researchers like Joy can then use these measurements to look at neural activity. So In Joy's study, she just had people sitting around having a conversation like one might at family dinner, except her research participants are wearing these swim cap things. Yeah, It's a really interesting family dinner. They surveyed a bunch of people on Yale's campus and the New Haven area on statements that people tend to have strong opinions about. Like for example, marijuana should be legalized or same sex marriage is a civil right.


And then they specifically paired people up. So the partners were strangers. Oh, they didn't know each other before. And also so that they agreed with their partner on two topics and disagreed on two other topics. Joy told me these People were not pretending, they were not like debaters that take, you know, a a a negative side and a positive side. No, there are just people out here living their lives. Yeah. And she's looking at their brain activity. What did she find During agreement? Joy says they saw activity related to the visual system and also in the social areas of the brain. But Emily, it wasn't just activity in these places, these areas were also more synchronous when people agreed on the topic.


Okay. Their brains were more synchronous. Right. What does that mean? So Joy says that when two people agreed their brain activity looked pretty similar. So certain areas lit up in similar ways while they talked. And her working hypothesis for what this means is The sharing of information involves higher levels of communication that people are learning so that there's a, a, a consensus of what is being shared, what's going on, Versus when participants disagreed with each other. In those cases, people's brain activity wasn't as synced up. It was kind of like a cacophony instead of a harmonious duet.


And as they disagreed, joy says it seemed like each brain was engaging a lot more emotional and cognitive resources. Hmm. The amount of territory that the brain has devoted to disagreement was astonishing to me. And this is beyond the data, the observation that so much neural energy is consumed by disagreement. And there are so many areas that are coordinated during disagreement that tells me that this is a, a very important behavior.


Huh? Others might have other interpretations. So Joy is hypothesizing that disagreement might be really taxing on us. Like you're expending more energy when you disagree with someone than when you agree with them. Okay. So clearly disagreement sets off a waterfall of reactions and behaviors that lights up all these parts of the brain. When that is happening to us, which seems fairly inevitable, how can we approach disagreement better? What does the science say on that First, kind of like we said before, we decide if we want to have a conversation with someone and also if that person is gonna be receptive. Mm. You can always walk away.


Yeah. I hear often if I talk to that person, am I subject to violence? That's clinical psychologist, Alison Briscoe Smith. I am not inviting people to have a conversation with people that are violent towards you or dehumanizing towards you. That's not a require like actually your humanness is there. You we can all kind of discern and bridging differences actually doesn't require or ask us just to do that. So that's kind of like step zero, decide do I wanna have a conversation with this person? Yeah. But if we do decide to engage with that person, the first step in a potential disagreement is simple. Focus on your breathing. Can you take a breath? Can you slow this down just a little bit?


So, you can kind of come back into yourself, your butt. Can you take a breath and then align with the intention. Allison co-teaches that bridging differences class with Rudy. I mentioned earlier she told me that this moment slowing down breathing can help us move into step two, which is coming back to our goals for the conversation. Right. Like she described it as an intention. Yeah. Why we're having it, what we're looking to get out of it. Because research shows it's not super easy to change someone's mind and it can be pretty ineffective to spout facts at someone to try to do this. Yeah. But Allison and Rudy both told me we can find more common ground with someone when we try to understand their perspective instead of trying to convince them that they're wrong.


I'm not talking about persuasion debate, I'm not even talking about having my mind change. When I talk about bridging differences, I mean about the mirror connection with another person and the space around seeing that person as a human. This absolutely reminds me of Jeannie and Richard. They are not trying to change each other's minds. They're trying to create space for each other to talk about what they feel. Yeah. And they're ultimately putting the good of their relationship first And it kind of seems like they have the right idea, at least from a scientific perspective. Research shows that people who engage Yeah. In dialogues or conversations to learn rather than to win, come away from those conversations with a more open perspective.


Okay. So arguing to learn helps us keep an open mind about the topic at hand. But you mentioned earlier, Rachel, how we're often making judgements about other people, not just their opinions. So how do you navigate those feelings that can kind of obscure your ability to fully listen to someone? Yeah, that's a great question Emily. And it's our third step empathy. So that includes asking the person you're talking to, questions about themselves, trying to humanize them to learn more than just their opinion on whatever topic it is that's bringing up these feelings. I think this is why things devolve on social media so much because people are not asking questions of each other. They're just like leaving these pronouncements in the comments, you know?


Totally. No, I think so too. I mean it's a whole other rabbit hole, but it is kind of like how Jeanie and Richard met in their singing group. Like they got to know each other's hobbies. Yeah. They learned about their families, their careers, and knowing these details about a person can help us be more open to them. In Other words, it's about seeing the person and not the label. So when we learn personal details about others, details about their job and their family and even what they'd like to have for breakfast, what science showed was that immediately people were able to view them with more warmth. Just knowing those details made them change their perception and made them see the other person less, not like them.


That's Juliana Tofor, the director of the Bridging Differences program at uc, Berkeley's Greater Good Science Center. That's where Rudy and Allison teach their class. And these tactics can help us be more charitable towards others, like by looking at the strongest parts of their arguments instead of the weakest and more humble, just understanding where we might need more information or circumstances where our own beliefs might be limited. Yeah. Humility seems like an important way forward. Yeah. Like I know, I don't know everything and even the things that I think I know well, like there's always more to learn. So it's not really that any one of these things or even all of them together is a magic wand that's suddenly gonna help us all agree.


Yeah, and that doesn't seem like the goal. No. Like for Jeannie and Richard, they both told me neither of them have really changed any of their opinions in the last 44 years of marriage. But it was clear to me just by talking to them, they really admire each other. They respect each other's beliefs. And I think what's most important here is they try to understand why they each hold the opinions they do. When you live with somebody for how many thousands of years that we have you, you learn that some of the things that you thought were wrong maybe weren't, and you know if also if you really care for somebody and admire them, if they have certain opinions, it's, it's slightly changes how you feel about it.


Rachel Carlson, thank you for giving us a toolkit for moving forward in these divisive times. Of course. Thanks for having me, Emily. That was Rachel Carlson for Short Wave. This episode was produced by Hannah Chin and Kim Nader fame Petera. It was edited by Rebecca Ramirez and Fact-Check by Tyler Jones and Rachel Carlson. The audio engineer was Patrick Murray. I'm Aisha Roscoe and this is The Sunday Story from upfirst. We'll be back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Chevron. Chevron's offshore platform anchor is designed to help safely produce oil and natural gas with high pressure technology. That's energy in progress. Visit chevron.com/anchor.