
After 15 months of war, Israel and Hamas have agreed for it to stop at least temporarily. Because Of long last I can announce a ceasefire and a hostage deal has been reached. What Is in the deal? I'm Layla Fadden with Michelle Martin, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. People in Gaza and in Israel say they're cautiously hopeful that this deal could end the war and return hostages home. But what comes next in a Palestinian territory where so much is now rubble? Who governs, who rebuilds. And Los Angeles has some of the toughest rules in the country to deal with the threat of wildfires. Why weren't they enough to prevent the ongoing catastrophe?


Stay with us. We've got news. You need to start your day.


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect my public media.org.


Public media counts on your support to ensure that the reporting and programs you depend on thrive. Make a recurring donation today to get special access to more than 20 NPR podcasts. Perks like sponsor free listening, bonus episodes, early access, and more. So start supporting what you love today@plus.npr.org.


Shortwave thinks of science as an invisible force showing up in your everyday life, powering the food you eat, the medicine you use, the tech in your pocket. Science is approachable because it's already part of your life. Come explore these connections on the Shortwave podcast from NPR.


There are questions this morning about whether a ceasefire deal just clinched between Israel and Hamas will actually begin on Sunday as hoped. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has delayed a cabinet meeting to vote on the agreement. He is blaming Hamas, but the group that runs the Gaza Strip says it is committed to the Accord. The two sides have been at war for more than a year. The past 15 months of conflict have killed more than 46,000 Palestinians. According to health officials in Gaza and left the enclave in ruins. And Israelis have remained distraught and in limbo over the fate of family and friends held hostage in Gaza in the October attacked by Hamas that started the war. Here's President Biden announcing the agreement yesterday.


I'm deeply satisfied this day has come. Finally come for the sake of the people of Israel and the families waiting in agony. And for the sake of the innocent people in Gaza who suffered unimaginable devastation because of the war, the Palestinian people have gone through hell. The deal follows months of tortuous negotiations, which threaten to collapse many times. For more on the current shape of this agreement and how people in Gaza and Israel are reacting, I'm joined by two NPR correspondence in the region I arbitrary in Dubai and in Tel Aviv. Welcome to you both. Thank You. Good morning. Hey, I am gonna start with you.


This is described as a ceasefire, but tell us what it would actually do, and does it include a path to end the war, not just pause it. Well, the key thing is if this agreement is implemented as it's been announced, it will start with a pause in airstrikes that will last six weeks, And that would begin on Sunday. And in those six weeks, we're going to see a complex prisoner exchange that would include 33 hostages taken from Israel, including two Americans released over those 42 days, hundreds of Palestinians held in Israel. Many of them women and children without charge would be freed. And crucially, a flood of needed food, fuel, and medical supplies would enter Gaza. We would also see Israeli troops withdraw from populated areas to the perimeters of Gaza, And that would allow displaced people to return to their rubble and homes and whatever's left of them in Gaza city in the north.


And all of this is going to be happening while mediators, Klu and Egypt in the US are working on the next phases to implement this so that it really truly does lead to a complete ceasefire. So a lot of moving parts, A lot of moving parts, very complicated had deal. Let's go to you on this. How are people in Gaza reacting? I mean, well, Palestinians will tell you they've been going through hell as President Biden said. So this is welcome news for Palestinians in Gaza. But while there is some cautious hope, you know, some say it's too little, too late, airstrikes have still continued since the deal was announced. Just last night, Gaza health officials said 73 Palestinians were killed, our producer in Gaza. And as Baba, he's been covering the war since the beginning there. He's been displaced himself several times.


He talked to M Center of Gaza. He asked him why there were almost no celebrations in Gaza last night. Says, people are afraid to be happy that leaders have come close to a deal before, and it always breaks down. Well, you know, this is a war that the media really hasn't been able to cover as thoroughly on the ground as we would like. Of course, we're very grateful to have our colleague Anas Baba there, but do we have a sense of whether other journalists will be able to regain access to Gaza anytime soon? Well, international journalists, yes, they've been barred from entering Gaza since the start of this war by Israel. Even if the border crossing between Egypt and Gaza reopens, Israel is the occupying power. It will decide when and who can enter Gaza.


And we, there is no sign whatsoever that Israel will allow international journalists in at any time, or independent investigators as well. Hi, let's go to you again on this question. Let's turn to Israel. How is the public reacting there? I mean, to be honest, the sentiment here is not entirely different from that. In Gaza, when news broke, for example, last night, our producer, IHI Stern went to downtown Tel Aviv, where Israelis have been gathering to call for the return of the hostages. And he said the mood was subdued and hopeful. You know, like Palestinians, they're waiting to see the deal actually get implemented. Israelis have felt unsafe. Thousands of rockets have been fired from various parts of the Middle East, Lebanon, Yemen, Gaza. And there's also been frustration with the Israeli government itself for taking so long to get to this point.


But most deeply Israelis have felt pain and they're ready to heal. Itai spoke to Aya Sharif. Sharif says A ceasefire and the return of the hostages will allow the beginning of the healing process for everyone in this country. I had talk about the origins of this agreement. Could you just say more about how it came about? Well, Michelle, the timing here is everything. You know, we have an incoming president, Donald Trump, who's bringing with him an incoming sense of urgency to get this deal done before he's sworn in. He threatened hell would be unleashed on the region if a deal wasn't secured before then. So this deal, it's been on the table since May, but why now? Well, there are many factors, but among them is the Israeli public has grown exhausted by this war.


It's being fought mostly by reservists. We have more than 400 Israeli soldiers killed in Gaza throughout the conflict. And top military figures in Israel have been saying publicly, there's nothing more to achieve. Militarily, tactically on the ground, S is battalions have all been dismantled. Yes, the group can still fire rockets, but nothing compared to its capabilities before. And given all the ups and downs in the negotiations, can it still fall apart? I mean, we're actually all waiting for the deal to be finalized and approved by the Israeli government. You know, Netanyahu is in a very tricky position politically because his government way actually collapse that there's some right wing ministers who are against the deal, and they're threatening to withdraw from the government that could send Netanyahu to elections.


And then many Israelis also reject the deal because they're against releasing Palestinian detainees and prisoners from Israeli jails. And there's also a small but loud movement to rebuild Israeli settlements in Gaza. And as we speak today, there are still talks happening in Qatar being worked out between the two sides, like specifics on the gradual withdrawal and timetable for when Israeli troops withdraw from Gaza. There's also a timetable being discussed for the rebuilding of Gaza and reconstruction there. So mediators, Qatar in Egypt, they have mechanisms to monitor that this deal is being fully implemented, like the amount of aid that needs to enter Gaza, the exchange of prisoners. But look, ensuring that a ceasefire holds and continues, that's going to really fall on the shoulders of the Trump administration as the key guarantor here.


And they'll do that through diplomacy and pressure. Okay, so let's say things go as planned. What can we expect to happen in the coming days and weeks? I mean, if we don't have a cabinet crisis in Israel, and if all those details that a I just mentioned do indeed get worked out, the ceasefire is meant to start on Sunday, we will start seeing some Israeli hostages released, including female Israeli soldiers in exchange for Palestinian prisoners and detainees. And then negotiators still need to sit back down and finalize the next phases of this deal. And you know, this deal does try to do a lot, but it, what it doesn't do is specifically address some serious questions such as who is going to govern Gaza from the Palestinian side? Hama still holds sway on the ground and it isn't promising to lay down its arms.


Will there be Arab and international peacekeeping forces in Gaza who will monitor that? And also how do you begin even rebuilding? You know, yes, Arab Gulf states will pour money into Gaza for reconstruction, but the destruction is overwhelming. Hospitals, roads, water infrastructure, sewage systems. And ultimately this deal does not guarantee the security of either side long term because it does not address the core issues of a pathway to lasting peace or Palestinian statehood. That is NP S A arbitrary in Dubai and Hadil, El Shei in Tel Aviv. Thank you both so much for sharing this reporting. You're Welcome. Thank you.


Los Angeles has a long history of destructive wildfires. That's why today it has some of the country's toughest wildfire policies. LA County has strict building codes and it limits new development in risky areas, but the fires burning now are leading many people to ask if that's enough. Lauren Summer from N P'S Climate Desk is here to talk about some of the shortfalls and what other communities including LA could do better. Hi Lauren. Hi Layla. So first, I feel like there's been a lot of focus on what LA did get wrong in this terrible moment, but there were things that you found that LA was doing right in preparing for the wildfires, right? Yeah. You know, in a lot of ways LA is a leader on wildfires because there's a lot communities can do ahead of time to reduce the chances that houses will burn.


And you know, LA realized how vulnerable it was back in the 1960s Designed for disaster. This is a documentary from the Los Angeles Fire Department that it made after the Bel Air Fire in 1961. That fire also had extreme winds and they realized it was the burning embers blown by the wind that spread that fire so fast, Deep within the smoke burning shingles carry a mile and a half to start new fires, which grow to join the main fire. So knowing this, what fire scientists found, did local officials changed their policies? Yeah, you know, Los Angeles was one of the first major cities to ban wood roofs. And now there are strict rules about the vegetation around homes in risky areas.


Every year, residents get an inspection for defensible space. Trees have to be cut back from your roof, you know, the brush has to be spaced out, the gutters have to be cleared of dead leaves. And in 2022, Los Angeles County did more than 58,000 inspections. And What happens if homeowners don't cut back their vegetation? The city or county will find them and then hire a contractor to do the work, which the homeowners also have to pay for. Many other western states don't have policies. They're even close to this. But even in California, they're realizing it's not enough because studies show it's the area right next to a house that matters the most. So starting next year, there are going to be new rules for almost no vegetation within five feet of a house.


And that's already causing a lot of pushback from homeowners who like to have that greenery, you know, outside their windows. Yeah. Something to look at. Okay. So what else could LA have done to be better prepared? California has tough building codes for fire prone areas that require using fire resistant building materials, you know, like the roof or the siding. But that's only for houses that have been built since 2008 and the majority of LA's housing stock is older than that. Yeah. And then Getting a new roof or replacing your siding, I mean, that's expensive, right? The outta reach for some people. Yeah, definitely. I spoke to Michael Ulner, an engineering professor at uc, Berkeley about that, and he said there are grant programs to help homeowners harden their homes as it's known, but they're very small.


It's a couple homes here and there. We need to do this on a mass scale where we're really gonna see an impact is what we do before the fire, just to make communities safer and so that they're not going to burn down. And you know, one other thing that LA could have done, both the city and county don't have community wildfire protection plans. These are plans that are commonly used in other places to identify where the big vulnerabilities are. And those are just in the early stages of being written in la. That's Lauren Summer from npr, R'S Climate Desk. Thank you, Lauren. Thank you. And that's Upfirst for Thursday, January 16th. I'm Michelle Martin. And I'm Layla Fadden.


Make your next. Listen. Consider this. The team behind NPR r's All Things Considered goes deep into a single news story in just 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcast. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Nila Banerjee, Jerome Kolowski, Ali Schweitzer, and Lisa Thompson. It was produced by Zia Bch, Nia Dumas, Iman Ani and Lily Kuro. We get engineering support from Nisa HIEs and our technical director is Zach Coleman. Join us again tomorrow.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/ NPR.