
Lil John has left the United Center and Ho Hogan is long gone from the Fiserv form. The second of the two major political conventions is over. What comes now in this podcast? I'm Scott Simon. I'm Aisha Roscoe, and this is upfirst from NPR News. This week's Democratic national convention in Chicago had quite a playlist, but did the DNC achieve what Democrats hope are Republicans reacting? Then a major merger between two grocery retailers goes to court. We have why and what it could mean for your trips to the grocery store And the Taliban turns back the clock. In Afghanistan.


How and why today on upfirst? So stay with us. We have the news. You need to start your weekend


Support for NPR and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions so you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor BetterHelp. When your schedule is packed with kids activities or big work projects and you feel like you have no time for yourself, self-care, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try and get 10% off your first month at BetterHelp hlp.com/ NPR.


This message comes from Arctic Wolf dedicated to helping organizations end cyber risk through their suite of fully managed security operations solutions, all delivered by their concierge security team. Learn more@arcticwolf.com slash npr.


First to Chicago. Well, To hear that is I've been in Chicago this week as the Democrats gathered for their national convention, NPR provided live special coverage of the DNC and reporting and analysis both during and after the event. And now that both it and the Republican National Convention are done, it's a sprint to November NPR. Sarah McCammon is also here in Chicago as she's been all this week, she's been following what Republicans are saying both here and nationally. Sarah, so good to be with you here. Good to be here too. Hi Scott. Republicans were front and center at the convention, which seems noteworthy. What stood out from their speeches? Yeah, you know, their message was pretty simple.


They portrayed former President Trump as a threat to democracy and tried to make the case to their fellow Republicans who were not in the convention hall to support Harris, even if they don't agree with her on everything. So Stephanie Grisham was a former White House press secretary and an aide to then First Lady Melania Trump. When Grisham spoke on Tuesday, she described herself as a former true believer and a close friend of the Trump family. But she said that what she saw when the cameras were off as she put it, and ultimately on January 6th changed that Behind closed doors. Trump mocks his supporters, he calls them basement dwellers on a hospital visit. One time when people were dying in the ICU, he was mad that the cameras were not watching him.


He has no empathy, no morals, and no fidelity to the truth. Now, Grisham was one of several Republicans featured on stage at the convention, including former Congressman Adam Kinzinger and another former White House official, Olivia Troy. Troy said that as both a national security expert and as a Latina, she found working in the Trump White House terrifying and from everyone. The overarching message to Republicans was that by voting for Harris and Walls, they'd be voting not primarily for a Democrat, but for democracy. Sarah, do we have any sense of how effective these arguments might be in breaching voters who consider themselves Republicans or conservative leaning?


Well, throughout this campaign, we've been reporting on the fact that a lot of voters across the spectrum were not happy with their choices. When that choice was Trump or President Biden Harris is entry into the race, of course, as reshuffled the campaign, and Democrats hoped to win over some of those undecided or unhappy voters. Probably the biggest name on the lineup this week was Oprah, Oprah Winfrey. She addressed the convention on Wednesday night, and Oprah made a big point of the fact that she is a registered independent, and she said she votes for her values. So I'm calling on all you independence and all you undecideds, you know this is true.


You know, I'm telling you the truth that values and character matter most of all. And overall, the tone of this convention has really tacked to the center. There was a big emphasis on unity and freedom and the idea that you can have different beliefs in a democracy. Now, I've been covering efforts by Harris supporters to win over voters who've supported Trump in the past, and one thing I've heard is that while they'd like those voters to cast a ballot for Harris, there is value even in persuading them just not to vote for Trump again. What about what I'll now call Donald Trump's Republican party? What has been the official reaction they've registered to the DNC? So Republicans were holding daily briefings in Chicago to try to counter the DNC.


Trump has been on the campaign trail talking about some familiar themes like the border and immigration, and he's been trying to paint Harris as extreme reaching all the way back to the Soviet era using labels like comrade Kamala. So it seems like Republicans are still trying to adjust their message to the new reality. You know, just one example, Democrats have made abortion a big issue in this election and in a post on truth social yesterday, Trump claimed that quote, my administration will be great for women and their reproductive rights. Of course, that could be a tough case for Trump to make when he has also bragged about being largely the reason that Roe v Wade was overturned. Sir, what's the possible effect of Robert F. Kennedy Jr announcing yesterday that he's kindest suspending his campaign and endorsing Donald Trump?


Right. So RFK Jr made this unusual announcement that he's essentially pulling out of the race in battleground states and endorsing Trump. He will still be on the ballot in some states and wants his supporters to vote for him, but not in places where it could hurt Trump. Now the Trump and Harris campaigns have been disagreeing a bit about who this helps and who it hurts. Some polls suggest RFK being in the race might have hurt Trump slightly. So this may be good for Trump, but in reality, Scott RFK Jr had struggled to gain traction with this campaign and had been losing support in the polls. So this may not be a big group of people or a big impact by, By the time he withdrew or suspended his campaign yesterday, he was down to single digits. That's right. Polls what He, as opposed to the almost 20% that He at one point.


Right. Well NPR, Sarah McCammon, thanks so much for speaking with us. Thanks so much, Scott. As president, I will bring together labor and workers and small business owners In her address. On Thursday, Kamala Harris appealed to consumers To create jobs, to grow our economy and to lower the cost of everyday needs like health care and housing and groceries. Groceries is top of the mind for many Americans, and the cost of a trip to the supermarket is the subject of a court case that begins Monday.


Federal Regulators have sued to stop a mega merger of Kroger and Albertsons, which would combine two of America's largest grocery retailers. NPRs Alina Sauk is watching the legal tangling and the state of the grocery industry in the us. She joins us now. Alina, thanks for being with us. Hello. Hello. So let's start with some more details about this merger. What's going on here? Sure. So this is one of the biggest grocery deals ever. Kroger wants to buy Albertsons for about $25 billion. Kroger has a bunch of brand names including Harris Teeter, Ralph's, Fred Meyer, king Supers, Albertsons.


You might know also as Safeway and Vaughn's. This deal faces three lawsuits that want to block it, one in Colorado, one in Washington state. The chains overlap particularly in Western states, so that's why. And then there's this really big one by the Federal Trade Commission alongside nine state attorneys general, and that is the one that's going to court first. There will be more hearings and trials and other court cases in the coming weeks. For now, the deal is on pause. The companies want this, the authorities are suing. What do we know about how this merger would fit in the grocery landscape? Like would it help or hurt shoppers? That is exactly what the courts will be considering.


That is exactly the central question here. The federal experts argue that in this case, bigger is not better that the deal would turn these two companies into a grocery colossus. With more power over suppliers, more power of our workers and shoppers simply giving us fewer choices where to get groceries. The companies make the argument that they are not the colossus. Amazon is Walmart is. Walmart is not a grocery chain in the same vein as Kroger, but it does sell the most groceries in America. And so Kroger and Albertsons argue that together they can be a bigger competitor to these giants or they can wilt away on their own.


Well, are they actually wilting away? You know, not at the moment. They are making money, but they're not as big as Amazon or Walmart. They're not as fast growing as dollar stores. And so they are pointing to all of these companies as their competitors and Kroger is actually doing something else that's pretty extraordinary. The company has turned the tables and gone after the federal regulators themselves. Kroger has sued the Federal Trade Commission using a recent Supreme Court ruling. It's fairly complicated as Supreme court cases tend to be. But just to say that Kroger is testing new legal ground, kind of questioning the federal government's authority to block mergers.


So there could be big ripple effects from this merger case all around Meanwhile, of course, grocery prices have taken center stage in the presidential campaign. Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump have both claimed they would bring prices down. How are they saying they'll do that? We are lacking a lot of the specifics about their plans. So Trump blames the Biden administration for inflation for higher prices. Harris has proposed a ban on price gouging, which has been fairly controversial in the absence of specifics, generally food prices are an easy and appealing political target. You know, everyone eats it doesn't matter that some grocery prices are declining.


We're still comparing prices cumulatively to pre pandemic, which means, you know, every time I get a grocery bill, I get a jolt remembering how it used to be just a couple of years ago. So in that context, it is even harder to see how a merger that would take two of the largest supermarkets combine them into one bigger, more powerful one would go through without a fight. That's NPR is Alina Sauk. Alina, thank you so much. Thank you. Finally today Afghanistan, the Taliban has announced a wide raging law that all but erases women from public life.


There It comes now three years since the group returned to power after us NATO forces pulled out of Afghanistan. NPRs Dia Hadid covers the country from her base in Mumbai and joins us now. Dia, thank you for being with us. Thank you. Scott. Please Tell us about this law that the Taliban announced just yesterday. Right. Well this was announced by the ministry for the prevention of vice and promotion of virtue. The Lord demands women must cover their faces in public so they don't cause temptation. They can't travel without a male guardian. They can't speak loudly, even laugh in public. And one leading Afghan lawyer described it to me as horrific Raz Mohammed is at the Atlantic Council.


I Believe this is a continuation of Taliban's intimidation and operation of women from the way we're dressed to how we appear in public, how we talk, how we even laugh. It says that women shouldn't laugh very loud and the laugh of women should not be here by a man, which is extremely horrifying to to actually say that this is actually codified And it is codified. These laws also touch on men. They must grow their beards long. They may not dress in western clothes or sport Western haircuts. Dear, it sounds like a lot of that was happening already. In Afghanistan, what's new with this announcement? Yeah, and in fact, Scott, if I can remind you, the Taliban have largely enforced a ban from girls studying beyond grade six, and women aren't allowed to work in most professions already.


The difference is that wasn't the law, so there was room to maneuver. What's being codified now is actually more extreme and it's been signed off by the Taliban spiritual leader. If these laws are enforced, it would be the job of officials of that very wordy ministry for the prevention of vice and promotion of virtue. But even if it isn't implemented fully, they hang over Afghans and they could be used at any moment. And some of these laws frankly, are quite vague. How are they vague? Some of the laws say that Muslims can't befriend a non-Muslim or help them, and that could have sweeping consequences. Like can Afghan still work for the UN where there's a lot of non-Muslims?


Can foreign aid workers work alongside Afghans to distribute aid? Can a foreign journalist work with an Afghan reporter? There's also a ban on the broadcasting and publishing of images of people. So what happens to your passport or your identity card? Dear? Why do you think this is occurring three years after the US pullout? That's a question that a lot of people have been asking. And I put this to Ashley Jackson. She's the co-director for the Center on Armed Groups. And she thinks this might be about the Taliban supreme leader, the Amir, trying to assert control. This Is very much about an Amir who has been thwarted time and again in many ways and probably knows that he's been thwarted from taking the more extreme measures that he wants Because in fact, the Amir of the Taliban is more extreme than many of his followers.


So for instance, that ban on studying or women working, some officials were trying to find ways around it. But Raz Mohamed from the Atlantic Council, she argues that Taliban were emboldened to do this after the UN and International community of Representatives agreed to meet them in June. Afghan women were not invited to the main meeting and they were not on the public agenda. Ham says the Taliban took that as a sign that they enjoy impunity, and she says that international community has to rethink its approach. I think the international community has this moral and legal obligation to intervene and to stop Taliban from imposing such a oppressive system with such an impunity and to finally perhaps move from this nightmares that is unfolding before our eyes right now A nightmare and one that isn't ending for many Afghan women.


Ed beers, DIA Hadid, thank you so much. You're welcome, Scott. And that's upfirst for Saturday, August 24th. I'm Aisha Rosco. And I'm Scott Simon, Fernando Naro. Martin Patience and Gabe O'Connor produced today's podcast. Danny Hensel is our director. Our editors were Ed McNulty, de Parvez, Megan Pratt, Emily Kopp, and Don Clyde. And a GLO is our technical director with engineering support from Stacey Abbott, Arthur Lauren Neil tva, and Dave Biska, WBEZ here in Chicago. Tomorrow on the podcast How Two Uyghur Men found Themselves Unwilling Participants in China State Systems of Control And there's lots more today and to morning on the radio.


Go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station. Don't waste time, do it now. Right now, Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes From, NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes From NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash npr.