
I'm a Roscoe and This is The Sunday Story. Heads up. Today's episode contains discussion of suicide, sexual and physical abuse. Today we have a story that's hard to hear. It's about crimes perpetrated on children, but it's also a reminder of the power of investigative journalism to bring voice to those who felt silenced. This past May, a jury In New Hampshire awarded 42-year-old David Meen, a record breaking settlement of $38 million. It was the largest personal injury verdict in state history. Meean had sued over abuse. He said he'd suffered as a child while confined to New Hampshire's main juvenile detention facility.


It's known as, or YDC, the Youth Development Center. Mian was the first alleged victim to come forward, but since 2020, nearly 1300 other people have also filed suit over alleged abuse at or YDC some claim they were brutally beaten. Others alleged they were repeatedly raped. New Hampshire, Public, Radio s Jason Moon and his colleagues on the Document team spent the last year investigating the Youth Development Center. They combed through hundreds of cases, worked around legal roadblocks, and spoke with former residents and staff who've never before told their stories after the break, the Youth Development Center stay with us.


This message comes from Capital One offering commercial solutions you can bank on. Now more than ever, your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services, all tailored to your short and long-term goals backed by the strength and stability of a top 10 commercial bank. Their dedicated experts work with you to build lasting success. Explore the possibilities at Capital One dot com slash commercial. A member FDIC


support for this podcast and the following message come from BetterHelp even when we know what makes us happy. It's hard to make time for it. Prioritize a self-care and make therapy one of your self-care non-negotiables with BetterHelp online therapy. Fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge at BetterHelp dot com slash npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Comedy Central's. the Daily Show reminding you that not all elections are created equal. Some are much, much worse than others. The political climate may be hotter than ever, but John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are barely breaking a sweat as they make sense of political nonsense every weeknight. Comedy Central's, the Daily Show continuing 2024 election coverage weeknights at 11 on Comedy Central.


Jason, welcome to The Sunday Story, thank you so much for being with us. Thank you so much for having me. Your new podcast, the Youth Development Center, it's really an incredible example of investigative reporting. I mean, these stories are just tragic, heartbreaking, and, and they show really just a massive failure by those responsible for caring for these kids. Let's start at the beginning. How and why did you decide to undertake this investigation? Yeah, so this is a story that's been kind of slowly unfolding.


In New Hampshire over the last several years. It first came onto my radar in, in 2020 when the first lawsuit was filed over alleged abuse at the Youth Development center or, or YDC. And back then it was around like two dozen plaintiffs, which was, you know, a pretty big story already. In, New, Hampshire. But then the number just like kept growing and growing and growing. You know, it was a, it was a few hundred and then it was over 500 today. There's somewhere in the neighborhood of 1300 alleged victims who've come forward who are alleging physical, sexual, and psychological abuse as far back as the 1960s and as recently as a few years ago.


And so basically the size of this scandal had just become too large to, to not look into. And we went into it with this really basic question of, you know, how how could this have happened at this scale and for this long? That really is the question, right? So what can you tell us about the Youth Development Center and, and the role that it served and and how long has it been around? Yeah, it's an interesting story. Ba basically the Youth Development Center or YDC, it is the juvenile jail for the state of New Hampshire today. It's, the official name is the Sununu Youth Services Center named after a former governor, but a lot of people still call it or YDC, and it goes way, way back.


It goes back to the 1850s. At the time, the idea of having like a separate correctional facility for youth was this new kind of radically progressive concept. You know, we were gonna stop putting kids in adult jail and put them in a place that was instead gonna be not punitive, but supportive and rehabilitative and educational. And it's still, you know, basically the same mission today, unfortunately, in the case of, or YDC, it's not exactly turned out to have been what happened there. So who ends up there and, and, and like, why are kids sent to or YDC Yeah, kids get sent there for really all kinds of reasons.


Sometimes it was for, you know, serious violent acts, you know, up to in and including murder in some cases, but most of the time it was for a lot less, you know, in many cases we're talking about kids who were serial runaways from abusive or unstable homes. You know, one person who's now suing over alleged abuse at or YDC says they were sent there in the 1960s for stealing silly putty from a toy store. Oh my goodness. I wanna go back to what you said before. There are almost 1300 cases being brought against the state. Like that number is shocking and it's, it's very hard to get your head around it.


How did you get access to all of this information? Right, so they, they filed lawsuits, and those lawsuits are all public documents. There's just so many of them. You know, you have 1300 different narratives about how a kid ended up at or YDC what happened to them while they were there. So when we first started to report on this pretty early on, we decided, you know, we should just get all these lawsuits and, and read them. And so we did, we, it took probably about two and a half months and it was kind of like piecing together this mosaic of, of stories from across, you know, over six decades. And all these patterns would emerge.


You know, you'd read one lawsuit that say would like accuse a, a particular staffer in like the 1970s of a, a specific kind of abuse. And then I'd read another lawsuit accusing that same staffer of the very exact same kind of abuse, but it's like 20 years later. And so we started to realize that these lawsuits were not just a way to read the, the allegations and get familiar with what people were saying happened, but it was also this incredible kind of data set and that was illuminating these types of patterns. What are the, the, the roadblocks that you came across for this story? Yeah, juvenile facilities, juvenile justice in general is, is hard to report on.


That's mostly because of juvenile privacy laws that make most of what happens in the juvenile justice system confidential. And those laws are well-intentioned. You know, you don't want something that, you know, a kid did when he was 12 years old that got him in a delinquency proceeding to like get on the internet and follow him around for the rest of his life. But on the other hand, the, the secrecy of the system, it sets up a situation where, you know, the public has virtually no ability to scrutinize what's happening inside a state run, publicly funded facility. And so trying to corroborate those stories is incredibly difficult. You know, I can't file a public records request from, or YDC, you know, I can't just show up.


You're not allowed on the property. I can't just like write a letter to a kid inside. I can't even learn the names of the kids who are currently inside of or YDC. So, you know, one of the, one of the key things for us in this reporting was a former or YDC resident who we were talking to named Andy Perkins. He requested his own file from the facility and then shared it with us. That was crucial 'cause it, it allowed us to get our hands on kind of our first tranche of internal documents that hadn't been seen by anyone else in the public up to that point. So Andy really was in your, your window into, or YDC.


Can you tell us more about Andy? Yeah, Andy was a kid who got sent to, or YDC in the early nineties. He says he basically broke into a house with a friend. It was like a, a house where kids in his neighborhood would go and, and party basically. And, but he breaks into this house that gets him put into the juvenile justice system. Eventually he ends up at or YDC. And when he gets there, he's, you know, he's 15 years old and he is terrified, you know, he's like, wow, this is real jail. You know, I'm, I'm closed off from the world. He's like, I wanna spend as little time here as possible. So he says he goes on his best behavior and he's volunteering to do things and mopping the floor and Yes sir, no sir.


And he's, what he's trying to do is earn a weekend pass home, which is something that would happen at or YDC. So he's well behaved. He earns this weekend pass home, but just before he is allowed to go home, the staff tell him he has to go see this or YDC administrator whose name is Lucian, Paulette. And Andy actually found it easier to write down what happened next in a letter. And I had him read it for me in a studio at NHPR. I was told I had to speak to Lucian before I went home. I took a seat in front of Lucian's desk. Lucian asked why you should let me go home for the weekend.


I was confused. I'd never spoken to Lucian and thought I had done everything required. I replied, I've done everything I was told I needed to do plus volunteering for extra jobs. Lucian laughed and said, you haven't done everything. I asked what I had done wrong. Lucian laughed again and then replied it. It's not about you did wrong, it's about what have you done for me? I was very confused. I barely ever spoken to this guy. What the hell does he mean? I thought I told him I didn't understand. He asked how badly I wanted to go home.


I told him, it's all I can think about. I told him how much I miss all my friends and family. Told him I did what I was told was needed, but if I missed something, I would make up for it. Lucian giggled and said, good. I will never forget how he said the word good. It was evil. Lucian then said, let's get started. He pushed his wheel desk chair from behind the desk so I could see all of him. You could see it in erection to his pants. He slapped his in his thighs and said, I need help with this.


I couldn't look at, at him after this and didn't know what to do. I felt sick. He kept telling me to look at it, look at me, look at it. It's okay. Don't be shy. He kept talking, five minutes from now you could be going home. Let's look at it. He began to unzip his pants. I stood up and walked to the door. It was locked, started to panic. I was scared when I finally could speak. I said, it, it's okay. I'll just stay at the cottage. I don't want to go home anymore. He told me to sit down. I begged him to just let me leave.


He got angry, zipped his pants up and yelled, fine, I knew you didn't want to go home. He said, And he says, before Lucian kicked him out of his office that day, he warned him, You know, they won't believe you if you say anything. Yeah, I, that seems as in, in cases like this, unfortunately, it seems like especially because the kids have already gotten in trouble that a lot of people don't believe them or they don't have the the space to, to speak up. Yeah, I mean, I think you, you put your finger right on it.


These kids were an incredibly vulnerable population because they were already looked upon as these, you know, quote unquote bad kids. You know, they're there because they lie. Right. You know, so Andy says, that's all you know, Lucian had to sort of call upon to assert that power dynamic. You know, it's not just that Andy's a kid and, and Lucian an adult. It's that Andy's an incarcerated kid and Lucian a supervisor at, at or YDC. And, you know, I should say here that you know, Lucian, Paulette, he declined comment through an attorney. He's also facing criminal charges for other alleged sexual assaults at or YDC.


He has pled not guilty. He's, he's still awaiting trial. But that kind of power dynamic, it was possibly the most important ingredient that led to this decades long culture of, of abuse at, or YDC and even situations where there was like, say solid proof of, of abuse. It even then it wasn't enough, A separate incident where Andy describes two staffers assaulting him in his cell with one of them choking him on his bed to the point where Andy loses consciousness a afterwards, he, he tries to report this abuse. He even fills out an ombudsman form and says that he even managed to get access to a phone and dial nine one one from inside this, this juvenile jail, because we got Andy's internal records from, or YDC was, I was actually able to corroborate this specific attack and Andy's complaint about it.


And what, what you see in the records is that an administrator reviews Andy's complaint. He even writes in his report that Andy has finger marks on his neck. But then nothing, nothing happens. No one is criminally charged, no one is fired. You hear from a lot of people who went through or YDC that speaking up earned you retaliation and not just for kids. This was for staff too, by the way. Who, who tried to speak up about things. You know, there's a, there's a former staffer who was there in the 1990s who said that she tried to speak up about mistreatment in the girls' cottage.


And this staffer says that other staff told her, you know, you're digging your own grave, you shouldn't be doing this. And she says that one day she, she left work, got in her truck to drive home, and then the wheels of her truck fell off because someone had loosened the lug nuts. And this is something that we were actually able to corroborate this with an internal or YDC memo. So that, that just gives you an image of the fear that you could live under just for trying to speak up. I Mean, it, it almost sounds like organized crime. I mean, it, it it's so systemic, like, like there has to be a culture here, right?


Yeah. If you step back and you just look at the number, the sheer number of different staffers accused of abuse, it, it is staggering. There are at least as very conservative, there are at least 300 different staffers accused of abuse going back to the 1960s, you know, the background sort of radiation of the place, you know, allowed and even encouraged the sexual abuse, the hundreds and hundreds of rapes that are alleged. It created a a perfect environment for that kind of behavior to, to go unpunished. When we come back, the story of one staff member of the youth development center and what she says happened when she tried to speak up for the kids.


Because if you start letting a dog bite you and sink it's, oh, that's okay. The dog bites. It's gonna escalate. Of course, it,


This message comes from Progressive and it's name your price tool. Say how much you want to pay for car insurance, and they'll show coverage options within your budget. Visit progressive.com, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates price and coverage match limited by state law.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile from the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


This message comes from NPR sponsor MIDI Health. Women in midlife face a healthcare desert, but MIDI is here to fill the gap, offering expert care for perimenopause and menopause covered by insurance, hot flashes, insomnia, brain fog, weight gain, and moodiness. Don't have to be accepted as just another part of aging. MIDI clinicians understand how these symptoms can connect to menopause and prescribe a wide range of solutions. Book your visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


This is The Sunday Story. I'm talking with New Hampshire public radio's. Jason Moon, moon and his colleagues on the stations document team spent more than a year investigating the state's main juvenile detention facility, the youth development center. Jason spoke to former detainees who told disturbing stories of sexual and physical abuse. He also spoke to a former staffer who tried to do something about it. So tell me, so tell me about Karen Lemoine and, and how you tracked her down. Yeah, Karen, she worked at, or YDC in the late eighties and early nineties, and she had this harrowing, absolutely harrowing experience there that for decades she thought she was not allowed to talk about because of those juvenile privacy laws that I was mentioning earlier.


She emerged because she saw on the news that all these people were coming forward with their allegations of abuse. And at that point, you know, the state police had set up a, a hotline for folks with information to come forward, and so she called it, and then she started to talk to lawyers who are representing many of these alleged victims. And then eventually through those lawyers, she agreed to meet with me, but she was, she was very hesitant at first. Do you have any idea what that's like for me to have to tell you the shit? I don't want you to hear this. You shouldn't have to hear this, any of it. There's Also a lot of power in, in telling you, Is there, am I, is this gonna be the same thing as one here?


I thought I was helping 'em all the time. I was working there, all it was doing was fueling those guys to hurt them worse. Mm mm Well, I'm glad that Karen was able to tell her story, and you can just hear in her voice kind of the, the pain and the guilt that she seems to feel about her role at the, or YDC. Yeah, I was really happy to be able to, to bear witness to that story and, and have her kind of, in a sense, get some of it off her chest. Karen told me her story, and it starts in 1989. She was a, a young single mom. She gets this job at, or YDC and at that point she, she believes in the mission, you know, she wants to teach and nurture these kids.


So when she starts there, she's working a night shift and basically her job was to do bed checks on the kids. Like every 15 minutes they're, they're asleep, but, but she has to go around to their cells and look in on them, make sure they are okay. And this is when she starts to notice some of the, the first red flags. And one of the things she notices is the way that kids will react when, whenever she needs to enter their rooms for a, for one reason or another, They didn't even have a response. They didn't even say, get out or, I hate you, or I don't wanna be here. There was no response. They were just frozen or crying.


Uncontrollable, but no words. You know, th this was just the beginning of a series of things that seemed off to Karen. You know, she began to see bruises that seemed suspicious. She saw staff, humiliating kids, including a kid who was very suicidal. And Karen says there was a group of staff who would just mercilessly bully this kid for having attempted suicide. And Karen said she tried to complain to supervisors about it, but would just get brushed off. I could see that nobody was listening to me, even at the point where somebody would die and that I was at that point, I was scared.


I realized I was working in the wrong place. But she keeps speaking up. She gets this reputation as a, as a troublemaker amongst some of the other staff, and eventually it makes her a target. So what happens is, one night, Karen, she's actually making cookies with the kids in the, the common area of one of these cottages that she's monitoring. And she's with these two kids at a table and they're sort of mixing cookie dough. And these kids, they try to, they try to warn her and at first Karen thinks they're just like messing with her. But then one boy tells her something terrible is about to happen. He leaned over the table and he put his hand over my hand, which I thought was so odd, but in a nice way.


And he looked at me right in the eye and he said, Karen, they're gonna rape you. I, I mean, that's, that's terrifying. I mean, who, who was going to rape her According to, to Karen. And according to one of these kids who warned her, who I also spoke with other staffers at or YDC, had been trying to bribe kids in this cottage to attack Karen. And, you know, after she is warned of this plot by two kids, you know, she goes to management, she complains about it. Ultimately there is a, a disciplinary hearing, but it sort of, it results in no real punishment.


And then eventually, sometime later, Karen is attacked and she is pretty seriously injured and, and ends up leaving or YDC not long after it. Karen's story, like I said, it's, it's corroborated by one of those former or YDC residents who tried to warn her. That person is now one of those people suing the state for abuse at or YDC. He is suing anonymously as many of the plaintiffs are. He's known as John Doe 4, 4 1 in the court documents he told me after he warned Karen, he suffered extreme retaliation from other staff.


The beatings almost started the next day. This is where it gets hard. They subdued me with a pressure point behind the ear and put my hand in a door and slammed the door. They let go at the last minute I got most of my hand out except for this one. They took me over to the infirmary and I was forced to tell. I slammed my own hand in the door. Did you, did you speak to other staffers?


Did you get any other points of view on, on what it was like to work there? Yeah, we did speak with the, with the longtime superintendent of, or YDC, a guy named Ron Adams. And he, he described like an alternate reality almost, you know, he, he, he totally disputed the idea that there was a, a toxic culture at, or YDC. He said, you know, he never, he never would've condoned abuse. He told me that the handful of times where he had concerns about abusive treatment of kids, he took action. And you know, when you, when when you ask him, well, you know, how can, how can there be, you know, all these hundreds of allegations of abuse that happened, you know, while you were in charge, he was largely in disbelief, I guess you could say, or, or perhaps denial.


You know, I, it's hard for me to say, I think that's what's so hard about this story because the kids are, are so powerless. But, but finally somebody did do something, someone finally spoke up what happened, Right? Yeah. Someone, someone spoke up and, and people believed them, I think is, you know, really the thing that started to happen recently that didn't happen before. So, you know, this huge flood of abuse allegations that we've been talking about, these, you know, roughly 1300 victims, you know, this all started with one guy named David Meen, And this is David, the, the one who just won that $38 million verdict against the state of New Hampshire.


Yeah, that's right. He says that he was raped and beaten hundreds of times at or YDC by a handful of different staffers. He, he left or YDC in the nineties. He decides that he is, he's finally gonna talk about it. He's, he's finally gonna tell his wife about the abuse for the first time. So I meet her at Applebee's in Epping and it just kind of comes outs, see her standing there.


So we hug and I start crying and I can't get out anything other than they raped me. We hear about so many instances, whether it's the Native American children in residential schools or celebrities like Paris Hilton's alleged abuse at a boarding school and abuse within the, the troubled teen industry. And, and we always hear about these stories way after the fact. Like how does this keep happening? Like why, why do they stay on the wraps for so long?


Yeah, yeah. That it is. What is so sad about this story is that we've all heard some version of it already. Like you were saying, you know, the church, the schools, even Olympic gymnastics, one of, one of the common threads in all of these institutional abuse stories is the power imbalance. And at a place like, or YDC, that imbalance is just, they're off the charts. You know, these are, these are not just kids, they're bad kids. David Meen actually sort of talked about this during his, the civil trial with his lawsuit. He was cross-examined by the state attorneys representing the state who were trying to undercut his case.


They spent a lot of time reminding the jury of all the, the bad things that David Meen did as a kid in order to get sent to or YDC in the first place. And eventually David lashed out at this idea during the trial. So it's safe to say that you got, because what, I'm the bad guy. I was a bad kid, so I deserved it or I was a bad kid, so that proves I'm a bad man now and I made it up. That hurts. What about the staff? What is happening to them? Are they being held responsible? Hmm. Well, so far there are nine former staffers currently facing criminal charges for sexual assaults.


There, it, it was 11 one was found to be not competent to stand trial, who he's a a man in his eighties. Recently another one passed away who was a criminal defendant. That sort of speaks to the difficulty in bringing justice through the, through the means of, you know, criminal prosecutions be because this, the abuse allegations stretch back so far. A lot of these people are dead now. And it's been very upsetting for a lot of the alleged victims who, who say, well, you know, what about my abuser? Why, why haven't they been arrested and when are they gonna be, you know, put on trial? And keep in mind, a a lot of these people are people who've been through the, the criminal justice system themselves.


And so they see this double standard of, you know, well when I did something, you know, the handcuffs were put on me. They've been frustrated at the, what they see as a very slow pace of, of the criminal investigation up to this point. But then we're gonna have to see, you know, will these prosecutions stick? Will they be successful? These alleged abusers were employees of the state, is the state at fault? Like, how, how does that work? How will the state hold people accountable? Yeah, it's, it's a really interesting and weird and contradictory role the state has in all this because the state is, is conducting this criminal investigation into, or YDC, but it's also being sued by the alleged victims.


And so on the criminal side, they're sort of playing offense and saying these, this abuse happened and these people should go to jail. And on the civil side where they're on defense, they're saying, well, it wasn't our fault, it was just these rogue employees who were doing bad things and, and, and we weren't aware of that. So there's only been one settlement so far. Will all these other alleged victims also get their day in court? The hope is that no, not all of them will actually have to go through a trial. The state has been trying to get or YDC victims to settle out of court. They, the legislature created this giant settlement fund.


And so the idea is that rather than sue us, you can apply for a settlement through this fund and, and receive a payout much faster. But you know, one of the sort of darkly fascinating things about this settlement fund is, is how they've had to establish a formula to decide how much each claimant will receive. And each type of abuse is worth a different dollar amount. So just for instance, anal or genital rape is worth $200,000. Oral rape is $150,000 physical abuse resulting in permanent or life-threatening injury, $50,000. Then you apply this frequency multiplier based on how many times that category of abuse happen.


Then you add these aggravating factors, you know, did the rape result in a pregnancy? If so, you add $200,000 or did the rate result in an STI if, if so you add a hundred thousand dollars. It is very sobering type of math. But you know, even just understanding this formula, it gives you a, a good sense of the, the types of abuse that people suffered at or YDC and just how much harm that that needs to be still accounted for. You know, a after hearing all of this, you know, I have to ask you like, how were you able to take in all of these stories about abuse?


You're a human being, so ha having to hear all of this trauma that's also traumatic. Yeah, it, it was, it was hard at times. You know, this is not easy stuff to be immersed in. You cannot pretend that like spending all day reading this incredibly graphic and horrifying child abuse or, or doing interviews where people are, are sharing their trauma. You can't pretend that's just like a normal day at work. You know, it's not, but it came to really actually motivate me a as part of why we needed to get this story out there as a society. We have a hard time talking about child sexual abuse and I think it is easier in many cases for us to just sort of wish the problem away or just imagine that it, that it happens less than, than it does.


Or to think that we could spot people who, who would wanna perpetrate this kind of harm on a kid. And so, you know, one, one hope I have for, for getting this story out and for people listening to it is anytime you hear about a, a, a juvenile jail or really any type of youth facility, this type of abuse should come into your mind as a, as a possible risk. And I think if policymakers have that in mind and maybe, maybe second guess, do we need this type of facility given the, the risks for this type of abuse that come along with these types of facilities? You know, if we can plant that idea for listeners, I think that'll have been worth it.


Jason, thank you so much for joining us and just sharing this reporting. It's so important. Thank you so much. Thanks for having me. That was Jason Moon on the Youth Development Center podcast from New Hampshire Public Radio. To listen to the full series, visit YDC podcast.org. This episode was produced by Hazel Feldstein and edited by Jenny Schmidt and Leonna Strom. It was engineered by Maggie Luther and James Willetts. The rest of The Sunday Story team includes Justine Yan and Andrew Mambo. Irene Nucci is our executive producer.


I'm Aisha Roka. We'll be back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Have a great rest of your weekend.


This message is brought to you by NPR sponsor Lisa in collaboration with West Elm. Discover the new natural hybrid mattress expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LEES a.com to learn more.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash npr.


If you are hearing this, that means you haven't gone sponsor free with NPR Plus. Join us on the plus side for awesome podcast perks across more than 20 NPR podcasts, including bonus episodes behind the scenes content sponsor free listening and more. Learn more and sign up@plus.npr.org and never hear this promo again.