
I am Aisha Roscoe, and this is a Sunday story from Upfirst. I always like summer best. You can eat fresh corn from daddy's garden and okra, and greens, and cabbage, and lots of barbecue and buttermilk and homemade ice cream at the church picnic. These are the words of the great African American poet Nikki Giovanni from her poem, Knoxville, Tennessee. She died earlier this week at the age of 81. Nikki Giovanni was called Many Things, the Poet of the Black Revolution, activist spoken word, artist, cultural icon, children's book, author, professor, Christian, radiant voice of black joy and struggle.


To me, she was also an unapologetic truth teller, and some of her words and poems. I, I could feel them at a molecular level. That's how much I related to them. Giovanni grew up with an alcoholic, abusive father in a house without indoor plumbing. And while she was never afraid to explore those hardships in her poetry, she also celebrated what was beautiful about community, food and family. Earlier this year, my colleague and host of the podcast, wild Card, Rachel Martin, spoke to Nikki Giovanni.


Today we bring you this incredible conversation. Do you think about the legacy that you will leave behind? No. Well, I'm surprised by that answer, huh? No. 'cause it gets you caught up in your life, and that's not what you're, your life is not about your life. Your life is about your duty. I'm Rachel Martin, and this is Wild Card, the Game where Cards Control the conversation. Each week, my guest chooses questions at random from a deck of cards. Pick a card one through three questions about the memories, insights, and beliefs that have shaped them. My guest this week is poet Nikki Giovanni.


When you look at the stars and then you think about the other life forms, you think, well, there is something else. I can't quit. Now. There is something else. There are so many words I could use to describe my guest today. Poet revolutionary, queer icon feminist, space enthusiast, mother and grandmother legend, Nikki Giovanni is all those things, but she is also a woman who figured out really early that she didn't have to apologize to anyone for who she was or for what she wanted from her life. She can write poems that look directly at all the pain and hatred in the world, and she can write children's books about feeling safe and loved.


She can also conjure what it will look like when humans set up shop on Mars, and black women lead the way. Nikki Giovanni has just been doing it her own way all along, and writing it down so the rest of us can start to see beyond ourselves and whatever hard thing we happen to be stuck in at any particular moment. Nikki Giovanni, welcome to Wild Card. I'm so glad you're here. Oh, thanks Rachel. I'm glad to be here. So I understand you turned 81 on June 7th. Am I Right? 81. I couldn't believe I, I can't believe it. And you know, I used to say all the time, you know, I really liked old age. It was a good idea, but 80 really kicked my butt.


And I'm hoping that that 81 is a lot better. I just got out of the hospital about a, a week ago. I was just, you had, I'm just old. I was dehydrated and I had to go to London twice, and I liked London. But flying back and forth is, I know I could, I could've swam, you know, I would've been better off. So, There you go. There you go. So are you a person who enjoys a good birthday party? Did you have one? Oh, I, I, I am not. And I did. I just have no, you know, you parties are, are work no matter what anybody says. But we played card, we played bidw.


I have a bid with group, and we played, I don't know What that is. That's a card game. It's, it's like bridge only. Okay. For more intelligence. And If you do say So yourself, we're gonna get, we're gonna get letters on that one. And my dear friend whom I love so much, Joon Jackson came down. And Joon doesn't go any place without his saxophone. So he, he plays sax, he plays dinner sax. And so it, that was very nice because there was no work I didn't have to do. And I mean, it sounds like a good birthday. And I, yeah, I was glad to be out of the hospital and I was glad to be with friends, and I didn't have to get dressed. I did shower, but I didn't have to be dressed. I get it.


I get it. I'm so glad you're out of the hospital. I'm glad that you, that you're doing better. Are you a game person? What do you think about this? Oh, I love games. I You do? Oh, sure. The weakest link Jeopardy the wall. Okay. Yeah. All right. I'm into it. So let me explain how this is gonna go. Okay. Okay. I've got a deck of cards in front of me, and each one has a question on it that I would love for you to answer. I'm gonna hold up only three cards at a time, and then you, Nikki are gonna choose one at random to answer. Okay? Okay. There are two rules. You get one, skip. If you use your skip, I will swap in another question from the deck.


Okay. And rule number two, you get one flip. So you could put me on the spot and ask me to answer one of the questions before you do. And we're breaking it up into three rounds. Okay. Memories, insights, and beliefs with a few questions in each round. And because it's a game, there's a prize when you make it to the end. Ginger cookies, Ginger cookie. How did you know? Oh, I wish I'd made you fresh Ginger cookies. I love ginger cookies. Soft kind or crispy? Soft. Soft. Always Soft. Like my grandmother. Ugh. It's not ginger cookies. I should just tell you right now. So you can emotionally Prepare. Well, I'm leaving. I'll see you later. Okay. So this is the memories.


Round three cards to choose from. One, two, or three. Of course two. Of course two. You said that like everybody knows it's two. It's the best number. Well, I'm a I'm a baby sister, so I'm number two. Ah, I get it. Okay. Were you ever obsessed with a particular cosmic question as a kid? Yes. I wanted to know why Mars was read. And my obsession was that there was a war on Mars and that they had developed atomic energy. So that Mars burned itself up. And as I lay in bed for most of my life, actually, to look out the window, I have seen Mars, which is why I talk about it a lot.


And I would like to go to Mars because I think that as a black woman, my sisters and I could build a community. And I, I I love that you have planted that idea in our collective consciousness and have written a lot about it. When did Mars come into your head? Do you remember? Like, as a kid? Like what, how, how did you even, I, I didn't think about Mars as a kid. How did you, how did it capture your imagination? I'm a baby sister. I shared a bedroom with my big sister. She wanted the bed by the wall. I don't know why, but that gave me the bed by the window. And so I would look out the window and, and watch the stars. And the stars haven't changed.


So you have to ask yourself, what are they telling us? What am what am I learning? Did fixing your gaze upward make you feel safer? I mean, you had a tough home life. You've talked and written a lot about that. Did, did thinking about the planets, the cosmos, the universe, did that help you escape the whatever was going on at home? Well, my parents had what I would call in, in nice words, troubled marriage. And what space let me know is that this could not be the end. And thank, thank God I did have a grandmother, and I went ultimately to live with my, with my grandmother.


But when you, you start to, you look at the stars, and then you think about the other life forms and you think, well, there is something else that I can't quit. Now. There is something else. Three new cards. Okay. Same drill. You pick one, two, or three. Well, I guess I should take one. Okay, let's do one. What's something you thought was normal about your childhood that you now realize was unusual?


Probably the most unusual thing about my childhood was that I recognized that my parents' marriage was not my business. 'cause it was unpleasant. Saturday night at 11 o'clock, I was listening to my father beat my mother. So that's unpleasant. But you also recognize it has nothing to do with you. It was none of my business. And I didn't believe Ozzie and Harriet, our father knows best. I didn't believe any of that. I still don't think that there's such a thing as a happy family. Because that was near your norm. So you assumed that, that all families to some degree, were broken in that way. Yeah, they're crazy. And so the best thing you can do, sometimes you need to walk away.


You need to find friends and get rid of the family. 'cause the family drive you crazy. Just 'cause you happen to be born doesn't make them kin to you. You make your own family is what I guess I'm saying. Yeah, I recommend dogs, but they're fateful. They're they're intelligent and they always love you. You walk into the house, the dog is always happy to see you. We've gotta take a quick break, but when we come back, I ask Nikki if she is afraid of anything. And her answer may surprise you.


This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, na member FDIC.


This message comes from Mattress Firm. The holidays can be stressful, but quality sleep each night can help you stay energized for all the celebrations. Mattress Firm offers a premium selection of mattresses so you can get your best sleep ever. Plus, with free and fast delivery to your door, you'll be ready to recharge. For the busy holiday season, get matched at Mattress Firm, semi-annual sale and clearance, and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See Mattress Firm dot com or store for details.


This message comes from NPR sponsor ServiceNow. The AI platform for business transformation AI is only as powerful as the platform it's built into Enter ServiceNow. It puts AI to work for people across your business, providing intelligent tools to help remove frustration and supercharge productivity. And all of that is built into a single platform you can use right now. That's why the world works with ServiceNow. Learn more at servicenow.com/ai for people.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith. Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member, SIPC.


Now we move into the second round. Oh, the insights round. This is stuff you're learning now, stuff you're working through now. Okay. Three new cards. One, two, or three. Remember, you have a skip and a flip. You don't have to use them. One, two, or three. Well, Let's, let's go for two again. Okay. What emotion do you understand better than all the others? Patience. Oh, I'm incredibly patient. It takes a lot to really push me, huh? Yeah. Where does that come from? Well, I don't know. I'm the baby sister of two. So that teaches you one, you, you're always watching your big sister because they're always so wonderful.


They're, they're prettier. They're, they're more intel, everything. And so you always in Your mind Yes. You know, And you wanna say, well, one day I'll grow up or whatever. But most of my friends are older. I have very few friends who are, are my age. I'm 80. We were, I'm 81. Right. It's a long life already. Nikki, 81. And most of your friends are older than that. I'm some good longevity. Well, I'm, I'm, I'm hoping that Aunt Sarah, who, who was my mother's great aunt, but, and nobody liked Sarah by the way. She was a a despicable person, but she lived to be a hundred. So I do want that gene that, that lets you live to be a hundred.


I think it'd interesting to see what's happening in a hundred. My kids asked me that recently if I wanted to, you know, not just to a hundred, but like, would I wanna live forever? And then, you know, that's an interesting question to talk about with kids and how having a finite end to life sometimes creates appreciation because you think things are gonna end. You know? But I said I would, I would, I would do it with some caveats. I just want my health. I just want, I want my body to still, to still work. I don't want things falling apart on me. Well, things are gonna fall apart. And so that's, again, one of the things that you can hear in my breathing.


It's because of the pneumonia. Oh. And that'll go away. It'll, it, this will get well, but I'm not afraid of, you know, being blind. I have a friend who's losing her sight and it makes her very uncomfortable. I think it's what an opportunity to now see the world in a different way. I mean, look at, look at Ray Charles or Stevie Wonder. So you say, well, they couldn't see, but look at what they created. So obviously they saw something. And I'm not afraid, as I said, 80 kicked my butt. I mean, I, if, if it could be wrong with me, it was wrong with me. You know?


And I was thinking, okay, well, you know, I had cancer, I had lung cancer, and I had breast cancer. And I said, whatever. It happens. I don't wanna read. I don't wanna be sitting, well, I'll be sitting in hell because I don't think I'm going to heaven, but I don't wanna be sitting in hell. And they say she fought cancer for, you know, 20. I'm not fighting any disease. I'm learning to live with it. Yeah. And I want the disease to live with me. Yeah. So every morning that I wake up, me in cancer, we in good shape. And I say, well, let's take a shower. Go about our day, let do our life. Yeah. And one day we won't. And then that means that I'll be transitioned, I'll be in another place.


And that's what, you know, I'm talking about my grandmother. But that's what I think about, about grandmother or about Sister Althea, who was my eighth grade teacher. And I loved her so much, but I don't think that they're not dead because they will never be forgotten for me. And I find myself if I'm not careful, and sometimes even if I am talking to them or they're talking to me, you know, you're, you're never alone when you have Yeah. Somebody like that around you. Yeah. Are you afraid of anything? Well, I'm, I'm very cautious around ostrich when I was on, you know, Nicki, what are you talking about? Ostrich. You're afraid of ostriches. Well, yeah.


You ever hit on safari? They're mean. You No, they're mean. And that kick will kill you. Ask a lion, if you had to put a lion against an ostrich, the lion, the lion is gone. That's why you don't see lions. That was just like, not where I thought we were gonna go. Oh no. I like it. I like it. I mean, it's real. That, that is your fear. The ostrich. Yes. I have to be very careful around them. I'm not afraid of lions, because lions are an intelligent being that unless you're threatening them, they're not gonna bother you. Right. But the only ostriches I've had in relation, you know, I, it's been unpleasant.


And I'm lucky that, that they didn't get to me, or they would've killed Thomas and my son and I on, on safari. You have to be careful around estrogens. People need to know that That is a good and unexpected public service announcement that you have provided. Nikki Giovanni. Okay, next question. Three more cards. One, two, or three. Okay. Let's do three. Three. In what ways do you choose to find joy? Cooking. Cooking. I love to cook. Do you? I really do. It's, I cooked with my grandmother and my mother could cook, but not as well as my grandmother.


And I didn't cook with mommy. I watched mommy cook, but I cooked with grandmother and I would be the one. She would, well she, she used to be the one. I hope nobody's upset, but, you know, you'd go and get the chicken we lived in, in Knoxville. And so you'd have to in Tennessee? Yeah. Yeah. You could go chicken. Chicken was unfortunately for the chicken alive. And so grandmother would ring its neck and then I would be the one to have to pluck it. And I learned to pluck the chicken. Yeah. But I also learned to cook chitlins because I learned to turn the, the, the chitlins organs or intestine. Yeah. I learned to, yeah. Turn them inside out and pull the fat out. But I also learned to break string beans.


And to do, when you do that, you wanna pull the string out. So I love every, every time I'm cooking something, I'm thinking about grandmother and how she did it. And what Oh, I love that. You know, it's like she's with me. Yeah. It's like, you know, but I do, it makes, it always makes me happy. And I, I like other people's cooking sometimes, but mostly if I have my way, I do my own. You said that sometimes you catch yourself, or maybe it's not catching yourself. Just sometimes you do just talk out loud to your mom or your, your grandmother. Yeah. Does it happen when you're cooking? I, I don't know if it, if I'm talking out loud so much as remembering. Yeah. You know, and, and you go and I made some lamb chops that I have to tell you were incredible.


Tell me. And I was trying to remember what, what it was that grandmother did. It was grandmother's grand. And I remembered, oh, it was, she put a little cinnamon. Ah. And so put a little cinnamon and a little apple vinegar. Yes. Oh God. They were so good. I thought, oh, you know, and I didn't, I don't think I said aloud to grandmother, you know, look what I've done. But, you know, it's one of those like, I didn't share. I have people You just made it for yourself. I didn't, You didn't invite people. They should go get somebody else they're hungry. Go to go to Wendy's. We've got another quick break. But when we come back, Nikki tells me about her belief system.


Well, I am, and almost hate to use this word 'cause there's so many fools out there. But I am a Christian


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more at Rosetta Stone dot com slash npr


support for this podcast and the following message come from Ford senior director Becca Anderson shares one way that Ford is serving their EV drivers. The Ford Power Promise is designed to inspire confidence for electric vehicle owners around charging at home on the road, confidence in their battery with the eight year or 100,000 mile warranty, and that they have access to electric vehicle expertise. To learn how Ford is supporting EV drivers, go to ford power promise.com or your local Ford dealer, see dealer and the Battery Electric Vehicle Warranty guide for limited warranty details.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more at Rosetta Stone dot com slash npr.


So now this is the beliefs, round beliefs. 1, 2, 3. Okay. Three. Three. Do you think about the legacy that you will leave behind? No. Wow. I'm surprised by that answer. Yeah. Huh? No. 'cause it gets you caught up in your life and that's not what your, your life is not about your life. Life is about your duty. Hmm. And so, no, I don't think about it. You know? Have You seen people get too caught up in preemptively analyzing their legacy? Oh, I've seen a lot. As I know, I know a lot of famous people in, they're all, you know, I wonder what my stamp will look like.


I I'll be dead, so it doesn't matter. No, I'm serious. Someone Did not say that to you. And Yeah. Oh, wow. And so you just No, no, I'm, I'm just glad when me and cancer wake up, and now when me and cancer and pneumonia wake up and one day we won't. And I dunno, maybe I'll be sad. Maybe not. I don't know. It's in, it's interesting, my friend Tony Morrison, whom I do and still do love, so very much, and my favorite Tony Morrison, among other things is ula. And when Ula is dying, she says, oh, wait till I tell Nell. 'cause Nell is her best friend.


And she says, wait till I tell ne it doesn't hurt. Wait till I tell Nell Let me ask the this question a different way then, though. I get what you're saying, that you don't, you don't wanna get wrapped up in your ego. You don't want to think about, you know, whoa, I'm so important. People gonna remember me. What are they gonna write on a tombstone? What are they gonna, what all the great accolades are gonna give me? But are there moments when you think back on, on your life and, and allow yourself moments to feel proud? Oh, I, I, there are moments that I feel proud because I've worked hard. And I think the word that means, as you probably also have heard in this conversation a lot to me, is duty.


Yeah. And when I went to the opening of the African American Museum in DC Yeah. You go around and around, I, I certainly recommend anybody doing it. And I had forgotten because a lot of those things I don't handle and I'm not interested in. I forgot we gave permission to use my poetry and which gave permission to use my, and it's, it's not something, if you start paying attention to that, you'd be crazy. Yeah. Yeah. And when I turned to the right, there was a photograph of me. Huh. And I just automatically and bring tears to my eyes, I automatically just turned to over my shoulder to my left to say, look, grandmother, I did my duty. And yeah, I I, and it still amazes me that I, I did, I mean, I just, it's like she was there.


I did my duty. And that, that's what matters to me. Hmm. That was beautiful. This is the last one. Okay. Okay. Last question. One, two, or three. Let's go two again. What belief helps you make sense of the world? Well, I, I am, and I almost hate to use this word 'cause there's so many fools out there, but I am a Christian, and I think Jesus is a really interesting guy. I really am fascinated by the way he conducted his life.


Hmm. And I think 90% of all black women you would run into are Christians. We believe that he may not come. There's an expression that black women have. And and I share that expression. He may not come when you call, but he always comes on time. So we've learned to wait on the Lord. And I think that that's the most important thing. Do you pray? Oh, no, no, none, none of that. No, no, no. So how does that, I seldom go to church. Don't go to church, don't pray. But there's still something about Jesus, the Training.


God, He's a good guy. God, a Christian, God who you're into, Well, he's very interesting guy. And of course, when he did come from the church, there Are lots of interesting guys, Nikki, but like, No, they're not. Let's face that one. But you know, when he came out of the tomb, he went to Mary Magdalene. So the first thing he went to was a black woman. So you have to appreciate that. And I think that what he said to her was, you know, I've got to go. I've got things to do, but you call me, I'll be there. Which is wait on the Lord. And all of the black women I know believe that.


And it made sense to me. You may as well, he'll come when you call. That's why I have patience, you know, no question about it. You know, you wait, you want, you want the Lord to do something, but I'm not asking for, you know, lottery numbers. You know, you know? Yeah, yeah. You know that. And I'm not asking to do Jesus, Help Me win those, you know, super Lotto. Yeah, yeah, yeah. None of that. Please let me get, well, you know, I don't, you know, I'm worried about this cancer, so I didn't, I didn't ask for any of that, because that's a foolish thing to ask for. What, what you're asking for is let me continue my life of duty with grace.


Hmm. And that's all. If I can gracefully do what I have to do, I'm happy. Do you think there's such a thing as heaven, Nikki, There's a heaven and my grandmother's sitting up there, I'm going to hell. 'cause I hate my father, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna sit down and tell him why. But I'm sure grandmother and mommy will, you know, talk to Jesus or God, whoever's there and, you know, let her come up and visit. You know? And everybody knows I like champagne, so I'm sure they'll have a glass of champagne and we'll sit there and talk to him. Well, you gotta go now. You've been here for two days. You know. You know. Do you actually think that? What do You actually think? It doesn't matter what, Actually, it doesn't Matter what matters.


Just what gets me through the next day. Well, you won the game, Nikki. So the prize alas, is not ginger cookies. Oh, I know. It is a trip in our memory time machine. Yeah. So, as your prize, you get to revisit one moment from your past that you would not change anything about. It's just a moment you'd like to linger a little longer. In what moment do you choose That?


That's, that's not only hard, but it's, it's personal. And so I know what I would, but it's none of your business. Hmm. Are you, I want you to be in it now though. Can you go there now in your mind? Oh, I go there. I know. I go there quite a bit. You do. You don't know me because I've been, you don't need me to take you there. Yeah. No, I've, I've been, you know, I haven't been, well, right now I'm getting better, but I haven't been well, and so I, I stay in that spot right now. And yeah, it works. My old ladies come through, you know, no matter what's going on, my old ladies are, I mean, I'm in the hospital.


To me, I love hospitals because they're grandmothers, you know, and they come in the morning and they say, how's my baby doing today? But it's like all of these, not all, but a couple of old ladies that I've really loved, and they're right there. They say, you know, you'll be all right. Don't worry about it. Well, you don't know me anything. You don't have to take me to your moment, but I'm glad that You, You can go there easily these days. Yeah, They, they're with me. Yeah. Yeah.


Well, it was my great pleasure to get to talk with you. Thank you so much for doing this. Oh, thank you. I hope I didn't sound too crazy, but life is a good idea. Yeah. And wait till you get to be 70. You are going to love it. Nikki Giovanni, poet, author, revolutionary, amazing human. Thank you so much for talking with me. Thank you. If you wanna hear more from Nikki Giovanni, we've got a bonus question you can hear by signing up for Wild Card. Plus, I ask her what her thoughts are on marriage.


Well, first of all, it takes patience, of which I have a lot. And secondly, well, it's a good tax write up, by the way. Oh, Nikki. You'll also hear Ted Danson talk about adjusting to the world of adult responsibility. And you'll hear my reflections on how those conversations affected me personally. Wild Card Plus is the best way to support our show and support public radio. At the same time, go to plus dot NPR dot org slash wildcard to join today. Make sure to follow NPRs Wild Card podcast wherever you listen. This episode of Wild Card was produced by Lee Hale and edited by Dave Blanchard.


It was fact-check by Barclay Walsh, and mastered by Robert Rodriguez. The Sunday Story team includes Andrew Mambo, Justine Yan, Jenny Schmidt, and Leanna Strom. I'm Aisha Roscoe, and this is a Sunday story from Upfirst. We'll be back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America Company. What would you like the power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more at Rosetta Stone dot com slash npr.