
I, AMCO and This is The Sunday. Story. People can flee authoritarian regimes, but escaping their grasp that can be a lot tougher. In 2018, a former Russian spy and his daughter were found poisoned on a park bench in England. That same year, a prominent Saudi dissident and Washington Post columnist was dismembered inside the Saudi consulate in Istanbul. And in 2023, Canada accused the Indian government of gunning down a Sikh separatist in Vancouver. Killings like these aren't the norm, but authoritarians are increasingly reaching around the world to threaten and frighten their critics.


Today on The, Sunday Story, npr R'S Global Democracy correspondent Frank Langford brings us a remarkable tale of two such critics who left China and sought asylum in the Netherlands. Frank and a reporting partner spent months investigating the men saga. They thought their reporting would expose the shadowy world in which China targets dissidents overseas, but the facts led in unexpected and surprising directions, and the story they found turned out to be about the power of fear itself and how it can be used as a weapon, not just by authoritarian regimes, but by just about anybody.


stay with us.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares why Sattva Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers At sattva to have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful. To make sure you make the right choice, Save up to $600 through Labor Day weekend@saatva.com slash npr.


This message comes From, NPR r sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor IBM. What if AI could help your business deliver mission critical outcomes with speed? With IBM Consulting, your business can design, build, and scale trusted AI using Watson X and modernize the way you work to accelerate real impact. Let's create AI that transforms your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM let's create.


This is The Sunday. Story NPRs Frank Lang Fit spent a decade reporting in China, and he's also covered Chinese repression in Europe, which is how he came across this story of two Chinese dissidents. Frank's reporting partner asked not to be named to protect their family. So Frank takes it from here. We begin with Gur. He's a small, wiry working class guy, 44 years old with a goatee. I began talking with GAO in 2023 over video chat. Gao told me the story of how he left China and ended up in the Netherlands. GAO grew up in China's boom years in a small village like tens of millions of other rural Chinese men.


He moved from job to job. For instance, a waiter, factory worker who also worked as a security guard, drove trucks, opened a restaurant, was an alcohol salesman, Gals and political growing up, but he learned how to get around China's internet censorship and began reading news sites overseas. In 2019, gal read about the crackdown on pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong. He was outraged and vent online. He started cursing the communist party saying the communist party should be annihilated.


Recalls trying to talk to fellow factory workers about the protests. We have a very big canteen in the factory. There were four large TVs airing China Central television that were showing manipulated footage of the Hong Kong protests. I was telling my coworkers, it's not like this, but then I found out the people around me, they actually support the crackdown. They thought the protesters should all be destroyed. GA says he was so disappointed he just wanted to leave China. I found that even if you want to enlighten some people, there's not much you can do.


You end up being very pessimistic. Gal managed to get a flight to the Netherlands and entered on a tourist visa. A few days after he arrived, his father messaged him. Police had come asking about gal's whereabouts. Gal's father urged him to return and said he might have to do some prison time. He Could was trying. At this point, I thought, wow, it's serious. No way I can go back. Gao asked for and was granted asylum by the Dutch government. His wife and two teenage kids remained in China. Gao settled into a government assigned house in a Dutch village. He only speaks Chinese and nobody else there does.


He says it was really lonely. I didn't know things could turn out like this. There's a lot of suffering. You can't even express the kind of emptiness. GAO survived on government assistance, unemployed. He spent time studying Dutch riding his bike and posting online, protesting the Chinese regime, which was now thousands of miles away. China. That was also following what other Chinese dissidents were doing in the Netherlands.


People sometimes demonstrated in Amsterdam or outside the Chinese embassy in the Hague. At the end of 2022, GAO joined a candlelight protest in the Hagues Chinatown afterward as he waited for a train home, the protest organizer, a young man named Wong Jingu approached gal already knew about Wong. In just the last few weeks. Wong had been interviewed by Dutch, German, Japanese, and Slovak. His name is Ang. Ga was impressed.


Major media has reported a lot about him saying that he's been persecuted by the Chinese government, The two men, nearly a generation apart, talk for hours. Such a young person with such clear-eyed and resolute resistance. I think it's very valuable, especially since he's in the same country as me. Gao didn't know it at the time, but his relationship with Wong would change the course of his life. Wong is the second dissident in this tale.


He has an even more harrowing origin story. Wong is 22. Grew up a middle class kid studying at an international school in Chong Ching in China, Southwest. He's tall with straight wispy bangs that cut across his forehead. Unlike Gao, Wong speaks English and converses easily with people from different countries. Wong first made international headlines when he was 19, there'd been a border clash between Chinese and Indian troops. China insisted that none of its soldiers had died, but writing on social media, Wong challenged that claim and as reported in Indian news, Wong was right.


China said for the first time on Friday that four Chinese soldiers died during a bloody Speaking to NPR. At the time, Wong said he couldn't stand that. The government routinely misled its people Since the founding of the Communist Party. Until now, the Chinese government has always been like this fabricating facts and the official media turns white into a black to make Chinese people live in a world full of lies. Chinese Police wanted to detain Wong, but he was traveling overseas at the time and beyond their reach. Speaking here with Australian TV last year, Wong said he refused to be intimidated.


Are You ever tempted to be silent to make your life easier? No, I will not. 'cause you know, if I accept this, I just, you know, stop talking and the Chinese authority will think this plan is work and they will use this plan to attack another Chinese dissident. So I will not do this. Yeah, Like Gao Wong also went to the Netherlands and gained asylum. He said he thought he'd be safe, but in the fall of 2022, Wong posted on X that he was receiving harassing calls and messages. It was also around this time that a human rights group revealed that China had surreptitiously opened police service stations around the world, including 30 in Europe.


China said the stations just provided services like driver's license renewal, but Wong Cold Reporters, a Chinese police station in the Netherlands, had bombarded him with calls and threatened his family. They make a phone call to me. I gave you three days, go back to China, otherwise your family or your parents have a problem. In fact, it seemed the communist Party really had it out for won. He told reporters somewhat. It also made bomb threats in his name to hotels in Europe and Canada. This practice is called swatting. That's when someone reports a fake crime that tricks police into targeting an innocent person. It seems to have worked.


Dutch police did investigate, and according to Wong, they questioned him after they received an anonymous email, it warned that Wong was planning to blow up the international criminal court in the Hank. I just told some police officer, I said, it's absolutely made by Chinese authority. And then the police asked me, do you need a lawyer? I said, I don't need a lawyer. Do I didn't do anything. Through as many interviews and claims, Wong became one of the public faces of Chinese government repression in Europe. More than 50 news organizations have quoted, mentioned or featured Wang Yu is heading to his adversary. The Chinese Wang Yu is a political dissident based in the Hague who claims he has been harassed by people connected to this cell, his name is Who lives in the Netherlands, has firsthand experience of this secret force intent on flexing its muscle.


Anywhere, anytime. A few months after Wong and Gal first talked at the train station, Wong messaged him on WhatsApp. He told Gao the harassment had become so intense he could no longer stay in his apartment. Wong said he couldn't sleep. He was very depressed, so he asked if he could come stay with me for a few days. I said, where I am is remote, but it is quiet. Gal lived in a three story house.


The other bedrooms were empty. As he waited for his family to come from China, they'd applied for visas to join him in the Netherlands, but were still waiting. So for the time being Gal was happy to play. Host and Wong made himself comfortable extending his stay from days to weeks to months, and he continued to entertain reporters, even using gal's, living room for TV interviews. A few months after Wong's arrival, gal received alarming news back in China. Police officers had questioned his wife, Leo ruffed her up and seized her cell phone. Gal urged her and their children. A daughter was 16 and a son 19 to flee the country.


So they flew to Bangkok and that's when everything went to hell. Shortly after gal's wife arrived in Thailand, she says she received a terrifying email. It appeared to be from Dutch Immigration. Here's what the email said. The airports in Berlin, Helsinki, Stockholm, and Copenhagen received bomb threats claiming to be from you and your son. Therefore, you and your son's travel to the EU is legally restricted. They were shocked, frightened, and amidst the confusion, they overstayed their tit tourist visas. As a result, a court sentenced them to two months in immigration detention.


It seemed that they were being swatted. Just as Wong said, he had been Gal San Pong had arrived in Thailand after his mother and sister, so his visa was still valid and he's never been incarcerated. Back in the Netherlands, gal got an even more perplexing message from that same Dutch immigration account. It said his wife and daughter had confessed to making additional bomb threats. They admitted to the Royal Thai police that the bomb threats sent to the embassies of EU states in Thailand were personally sent by them. They apologized for this and volunteered to return to China.


GAO couldn't believe it. He said his wife and kids weren't even political. GAO was sure the communist party was behind the threats, but he wondered why. Why would the party go to such lengths to target him and his family? I really can't understand the motive. It's too big a waste of resources. I'm obscure like a nobody Among Chinese dissidents. Gao was not that well known, but his new friend Wong was. And in fact, GAO was getting some other strange messages that even mentioned Wong. Once someone claiming to be a communist party agent sent a private message to Gao, urging him to stop Wong from talking to reporters, but Wong kept doing interviews.


Maybe the men thought the Chinese government had targeted GA's family because he'd failed to stop Wong. I think the Chinese government is treating us so badly to show its power. No matter whether you're at home broad, you cannot escape its power.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from BetterHelp. Even when we know what makes us happy, it's hard to make time for it. Prioritize a self-care and make therapy one of your self-care non-negotiables with BetterHelp online therapy. Fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge at BetterHelp dot com slash npr.


This message comes From NPR r sponsor Capella University with their game-changing FlexPath learning format. Capella empowers you to fit education into your life without putting other priorities on hold. FlexPath lets you set your own deadlines and adjust them. If something comes up and depending on your schedule, you can take courses at your own speed and move on to the next one. When you're ready, imagine how a flexible program can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu,


this message comes from Arctic Wolf dedicated to helping organizations and cyber risk through their suite of fully managed security operations solutions, all delivered by their concierge security team. Learn more@arcticwolf.com slash npr.


Welcome back to The Sunday Story. We've been hearing the story of Gaur, a Chinese dissident living in the Netherlands. His family is trying to join him there, but they've been detained in Thailand and accused of making bomb threats. GAO and his friend Wong Xu suggest the Chinese government is actually behind these threats. Frank Langford and his reporting partner believed this could be the case, but they need proof. Here's Frank again. I was drawn to this story because I was intrigued by Wong and his claims of swatting. This seemed like a really innovative tactic. Get law enforcement in free countries to do the communist party's dirty work.


I told Wong I was interested in reporting on the phenomenon of bomb threats. So he introduced me to gal the bomb threats and detention of gal's, wife and daughter made for a gripping story, and we wanted to be the first to tell it, but there's a problem. We couldn't corroborate gal's account. Thai police and Chinese diplomats wouldn't discuss the case. We needed official documents. So GAO sent us screenshots of the emails from that Dutch government account, but he didn't include the sender's email address and refused to give it to us, which seems strange. Wong had been a hugely helpful source.


He responded to questions at all hours of the night, and since he lived with Gal Wong routinely sat in on our interviews and helped translate. So when we asked why they wouldn't give us the email address, Wong jumped in to explain GA's thinking. This is a, this is a personal contact information from the immigration service. So he did. He did get the permission first. In other words, you know the Dutchy authorities will be angry because they don't wanna talk to journalist. This was frustrating. Wong seemed to be serving as a gatekeeper and I wasn't sure why. So I decided to try to verify the emails on my own. I forwarded one of gal's screenshots to the Dutch immigration press office, and then I called at first Dutch Immigration, refused to discuss the case I privacy laws.


I said, just tell me if the email's authentic. The press officer paused. She told me they had no record of it. We call that a forgery. I said, yes. The official responded. At this moment, the story began to change, and I had a whole new set of questions. So if the emails were fake, what about the bomb threats mentioned in those emails? Did they even happen? I called police in Europe and asked about the alleged bomb threats to airports. The cops, they'd never heard of them.


What the hell was going on? Was gal trying to trick us that someone tricked him? We video called Gal. He was sitting in his living room on a gray couch against a bare green wall at his side, as usual was Wong. We told them the Dutch immigration email was fake. Gal seemed surprised and scared For Real. This document's forged. I got a lot of emails from this Dutch immigration account. Wouldn't I be accused of forging the others too? I don't have those skills for starters.


I don't understand Dutch or English. Wong, on the other hand, sounded skeptical. Who Gave the phone number to you? Could have been an imposter In the following weeks. We didn't speak much with Wong and Ga. They didn't seem to trust us and well, we didn't really trust them either. Then about six weeks later, Wong wrote me privately with shocking news. German police had arrested Gao. I couldn't believe it, but it was true. Hey, We called Gaal shortly after he was released from jail and back home in the Netherlands.


The story gal told us was wild. He said one night he got an email from that same Dutch immigration account. It said that his wife and daughter had been released from high detention. The Dutch account told him they couldn't contact him while in transit, but it assured him they would soon be reunited. His wife and daughter were headed to Europe. His son Pung would follow later. In fact, Pung had already handed over credit card details to pay for his flights, but progress was slow. The Dutch immigration account explained that the bomb threat allegations continued to trail his wife and daughter as they traveled first to Istanbul. Leo and Han are currently being temporarily held in the immigration offices detention room.


Then Six days later to Switzerland, Leo and Han are currently under criminal investigation by the Swiss federal police in Basel. Finally, it appeared as if they cleared their legal hurdles. GA's wife and daughter were on their way to Germany. The news was an enormous relief. Gout even sent pong a video to show how he was preparing for his wife and daughter's arrival. Look inside this fridge. I bought eggs and milk and things. It's all waiting for your mom.


The next day, GAO gets the email he's been waiting for. You need to leave this afternoon. Officials of the German federal police and the German federal intelligence service will contact you directly. Following instructions from the Dutch immigration account, GAO took a train for several hours to a small German city. When he got off, he lit a cigarette and waited to hear from German officials on where to meet his family. Then a man approached When he stretched out his hand. I thought he was gonna ask me for cigarettes. Instead, he grabbed me, pushed me to the ground.


After He pinned me down, I had a chance to look up. I saw four or five policemen with guns pointed at me. It was the German police, but they weren't there to take out of his family. Instead, they were there to take him to jail. It was only during the interrogation when I was told that someone had accused me of threatening to kill them. I was shocked. Those of All shot According to German police, in public statements made by the accuser. Here's what seems to have happened. A young man who lived in Germany, a close associate of Wong's, told police Gao was part of a secret communist cell and that GAO had threatened to kill him.


The police initially took the threat seriously. Ga knew the man in passing, but he denied threatening the guy. What's my motivation? Right? I finally escaped from China and went through so much hardship. Did I escape to kill people? People, German police refuse to comment on the case, but there's no evidence they charged Gao. They released him within several days and Gao boarded a train for home. He was disoriented and distraught. It appeared Gao might yet be another victim of swatting, accused of a fake crime. So police would target him just like his family and his friend Wong.


But his gal rode the train back to the Netherlands. He couldn't get through to Wong or his son, so he recorded a video for them explaining what had happened, Huh? Get on My face was bruised after the police pressed me into the ground. What happened to you? I can't reach anyone. I just wanna know what's going on. Were you also duped? Have you been arrested? How do I come and save you? There was no response. Wong who had left gal's house weeks earlier was now ghosting him in the Dutch immigration account.


It went silent too. Maybe they'd achieved their goal and didn't need to contact me anymore. Kahan was over. We will be right back.


This message comes from homes.com. When your homes shopping as a parent, you have lots of questions about local schools. That's why each listing on homes.com includes extensive reports on local schools, including photos, parent reviews, student teacher ratio, school rankings, and more. The information is from multiple trusted sources and curated by a dedicated in-house research team. It's also you can make the right decision for your family homes.com. We've done your homework


support for this NPR podcast and the following message come from Amgen, a biotechnology pioneer leading the fight against the world's toughest diseases such as cancer, heart disease, asthma, and osteoporosis. In a new era of human health, Amgen continues to accelerate the pace of change operating sustainably and drawing upon deep knowledge of science to push beyond what's known today. With each decade, they reliably deliver powerful new therapies to patients. Learn more@amgen.com.


When we left off, gal, juror had been persuaded to go to Germany, believing he was about to reunite with his family. Instead, he was arrested after what appears to have been another case of swatting. When German police released gal, he heads back to the Netherlands and he's had an epiphany. He's been conned. He just doesn't know by whom. After months of phone calls and messages, Frank and his reporting partner decide to meet GAO in person. Welcome to Stead. I'm international airport. The local time is, So we're on our way to seek gao and we've been driving for about two and a half hours, mostly through these flat green fields.


Some snow on the edges past lots of wind farms here in the Netherlands, and now we're in a small village. Little red brick homes, black roofs. We pulled up to gal's house. The neighbor's cat was scratching at his door. Hello From the Hall gal's, even thinner and shorter than he'd appeared on screen. He scurries about his sparsely furnished living room, playing host to us. The rare visitors Plan a coffee.


I recognize the gray couch where he sat with Wong During our many video calls, Wong and his girlfriends spent six months living here last August. They took off in such a rush. They left belongings behind, including Duffles, filled with clothing. These are Wong slippers. Gau tells us they're lined up along the wall as though Wong might return any minute, even though he's been gone for months. Gal lays out more of Wong's possessions on the dining room table and there are a bunch of passport photos. There are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 sim cards.


After German police released him, GAO returned here and San into despair. He explained in a call, I was in very poor spirit spirits. I couldn't get out of bed. I realized that I'd been deceived, leading to a catastrophe, a huge disaster for my family. A disaster not only because of the emotional toll, but also because gal says his family was tricked out of a total of $17,000, their life savings plus loans from family a loan, and realizing he'd been wiped out, gal finally decided to trust us.


He and his son sent us their exchanges. With that now infamous Dutch immigration account, we finally got to see the sender's email address. It was a proton mail account, not an email from the Dutch government, but an account from an encrypted email service that anyone can use. GAO who didn't grasp the significance of a domain name, didn't know that, but it was clear now, the Dutch immigration account was fake. The Gau sent us other emails as well from fake Tie Airways and fake Royal High police accounts. There were also private messages from people claiming to be communist party secret agents.


You can only trust our group because no one's gonna believe a word you said. My reporting partner spent weeks pouring through all the communications, more than 700 emails and months of private messages, including documents, screenshots, photos, and videos, Chinese, English, Dutch, and Thai Bomb threats, claiming to be from you and your son, F Leo and ha. You can run away for now, but you will regret it forever. You're canceling Investigations Visa. We accept all Visa, MasterCard, American Express, JBC, diners Club International EC Euro credit cards.


What emerged was a roadmap to what the gals described as an elaborate long con. Sifting through the emails, we saw how the fake Dutch immigration account manipulated and tormented the family emails, claiming they'd made bomb threats, left them paralyzed with fear. The account also tricked gal's, wife and daughter into missing a real visa appointment, paving the way for their actual detention. Then another devastating blow. The fake Dutch account convinced gal to go to Germany where he was arrested, and then there was the money. The family obtained credit cards and the son handed over their details to the fake Thai Airways account.


Mysterious charges began appearing on the gal's. Bills 16 bucks for Uber Eats in Amsterdam, $41 for a big bus tour in Berlin, $172 to Sea Trip. China's largest online travel agency. The credit card company confirmed the charges to NPR. All this time. The gal said they had never used these credit cards, but they say they didn't cancel them because they thought they were necessary to get the family members to Europe. Looking back at how this all began with fake emails about fake bomb threats, gal realized there was one common thread. Are you ever tempted to be silent to make your life easier?


No, I will not. His celebrity dissident friend, I will not do this. Who lived with him. To put it bluntly ing you has been misleading me, But how to be certain. We went back through all those fake immigration emails and found evidence. Wong might have written some of them. They referred to Wong 13 times and said he had a special status. One email told the gals that Wong was quote, a national key protected person in the Netherlands.


Another email referred to a Dutch official named Flan Fit. Someone had incorporated my name into this international fraud. Who else but Wong? As we looked more closely at gal's credit card records, we found at least one charge went to a PayPal account named Wong. Jing. UNL seems pretty damning, although Wong denies it's his. We also went back through hours of old interviews and found two moments when Wong assured us the Dutch immigration email account was authentic. We had it on tape. The I, to be honest, speak to you.


Wong says, I wanna be honest, I saw the email address. The the end is at ID nl IND nl, which is the real domain name for Dutch immigration. But of course, the emails came from a proton mail account. We sent some of the fake emails to the real Dutch immigration and naturalization service. They're investigating who impersonated them, and We got to thinking, if Wong was behind all this, how could anyone trust anything he'd ever said from his claims that Chinese authorities had targeted him with harassing calls. I Can't understand why To his stories about the Communist Party swatting him with fake bomb threats.


In Europe, It's absolutely made by Chinese authority. One reason people were willing to believe Wong, including us for a while, is because the Chinese communist party does spy on threaten and even abduct dissident abroad. As long as there have been dissidents who have left repressive environments, the governments have followed them across borders. Yana Goof Sky is a research director at Freedom House, the Washington Think tank.


She says, scholars call these kinds of attacks, transnational repression, and she says, the Communist Party runs the most sophisticated and comprehensive repression campaign in the world. China is unique among countries that perpetrate transnational repression in the global reach and the number of tactics it uses. FBI, director Christopher Ray, addressed the growing problem in a speech in April. They're exporting their repression efforts and human rights abuses, targeting, threatening, harassing those who dare question their legitimacy and authority. Even outside of China, including right here in the United States, Wong appeared to exploit that reputation.


In his dealings with the gals, he routinely blamed the party for everything bad that happened to them. For instance, when the gal family realized their credit cards were bleeding money, someone claiming to be a Chinese secret agent, message Gau to take the blame, and Wong sent GAO a voice message to commiserate. This is so bad. Old Ka has so much money and still steals from other people, Just like the Communist party. Wong also sowed confusion and fear. Gaos on P was getting guidance from Wong on how to get out of Thailand one time when Pong couldn't get through to him, Wong suggested a communist agent was disrupting their calls.


The idea terrified pong. He said he was afraid to leave his hotel room in Thailand because he thought a Chinese agent might try to poison him. The Communist Party does have this kind of dark history. It will negotiate terms with you when you're at your weakest. So I thought, if I don't comply, will I be murdered? In fairness, the party is not known for assassinating people overseas. China is not Russia, but the Gs believed Wong because of China's history of repression. Gao also says he trusted Wong because the news media did Found Newspapers published a lot of interviews with him.


We trust the mainstream media, so we trusted him. We don't speak foreign languages, so with all of his media clips, it was very easy for Wong to trick us. I initially trusted Wong for similar reasons, but Wong appeared to try to trick and manipulate me too. As we struggled to verify the bomb threats pinned on the gal. Family long warned me. Another news organization was about to break the story. No journalist wants to get beat, but I hadn't finished my reporting. Then last July, the Associated Press published the Thai bomb threat story involving the gals.


The AP treated the fake Dutch immigration emails as authentic and said the bomb threats appeared to be part of China's increasingly sophisticated efforts to harass Chinese dissidents living overseas and their families on x. Wong touted the AP story to his nearly 42,000 followers. The story was republished by the Toronto Star, the Washington Times, and one of Japan's top newspapers, AAI Shimbun. We reached out to the AP recently and told them about the forgeries. Last week, the Associated Press decided to kill the story, citing the emails and saying quote, there is uncertainty about any Chinese involvement.


It was time to confront Wong Face-to-face. He'd agreed to a meeting during our trip to the Netherlands, anytime in anywhere he wrote. But after we arrived, Wong messaged us. Now I got a note from him saying, unfortunately, I'm in Germany now. I'm filming a documentary. I don't think I'll have time to go to Amsterdam. After a few hours back and forth. Wong did agree to talk, but only by phone. Hey Wal. Hi Frank. How are you? Good. Where are you in a restaurant? Well, I mean, it's not like you're in a bar, you're in a restaurant. Yeah, Wong said he was in Germany, but who knows?


The gal family thinks that you were working behind these fake accounts, the Dutch immigration account, and that you and other people stole thousands and thousands of dollars from them. So this is ridiculous. It's ridiculous. It's ridiculous and I I I promise I will sue all of them. You Will sue all of them. Have you ever called in a bomb threat? Ever? Never. Have you ever sent an email and made a bomb threat. This is honestly, it's ridiculous. Do you consider yourself as a fighter for human rights and democracy?


Oh, this is a really big question. Well, I mean, it's actually very simple. You know, some of the stories that have been done on you, you do come off very much as a crusader and, and standing up to the Communist Party. So I just want to know if you still consider yourself a fighter for human rights and democracy? No, I think I'm just a normal people. Oh, Just a normal person. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Correct. I don't think I'm like an activator or, or homeless defender, or this is not my, this, this, You're not an activist. I, I don't think so, but this is not my work. I mean, anti Chinese author is not my work.


Wait, you're saying that anti CCP is not your work? Of course. It's not my work. I mean, I, I, I, I, I I don't, I I don't need use this to make money or, oh, I didn't ask anything about you using it to make money. Yeah, I understand, but I I, I just, I I just want say, yeah. Wow. I just wanna say I this, I mean, Our interview went on like this for nearly an hour and 20 minutes. Wong appeared to disavow the public persona. He'd spent years carefully crafting, and he denied every accusation. But earlier this year, in another interview with NPR Wong changed his story. He acknowledged the Dutch immigration account was fake, and the gals had been conned, but continued to insist he had nothing to do with it.


We weren't the only people questioning Wong. Some human rights activists in Europe have raised alarms about him for a long time. Ang is a Chinese dissident who lives outside the Hague. He's fooled a lot of media. He makes full use of the information gap to create chaos and deceive reporters into trusting him. Lin doesn't think Wong works for the Communist Party, but he says Huang, knowingly or not, has done its bidding by spreading enough doubt and fear. Among dissonance that some don't wanna participate in protests, He is indirectly helping the Chinese Communist Party maintains stability.


For example, if I want to hold a big event now, people won't come out. Y Wong, who's not related to Wong Jingu is China Research director at Freedom House. She says the Communist Party may have targeted Wong in the past, but emphasizes she no longer trusts him as a source of information. And she says some of his claims of repression risk, undermining genuine accounts. My experience is that most people who are persecuted, they tell their truths. And when there's one person who's, you know, spreading forced information makes the entire community, you know, less trusted by the public.


How do you feel about somebody like this who does these things So frustrated, especially because the suffering is so real, and then one person kind of spoiled. She says, Chinese dissidents in Democratic countries serve a purpose. They can speak out and highlight China's human rights abuses, but credibility is everything. Why did you decide to talk to me? Well, I came to this field to tell the truth, and that this is part of the truth. What is the truth about Wong?


He's smart Gal says he was about to figure out. He'd been conned. Then the Dutch immigration account lured him to his arrest in Germany. Afterwards, Wong used gal's arrest to try to discredit him. What drives Wong is harder to say. Wong's ex feeded offers a clue. It's a stream of grievances against the party and claims a persecution in which Wong is both hero and victim. Wong is definitely a person who likes attention. Jan St. Stremmel is a German reporter who's covered Wong. He likes to to surround himself with other dissidents who might be a little more helpless in Europe than him because they don't speak English.


He, he acts like the leader of the group. Remmel also describes Wong as nervous, stressed, and troubled. I spent many, many days with Wong, and you know, he ended up telling me about his family. He ended up crying. He ended up being very vulnerable to me. Oh, So go ahead. Last month, gal's family finally arrived in the Netherlands. His wife, Leo and daughter, had spent nearly four months in detention in Thailand. In this video, gal sent of their arrival, he's wearing aviator sunglasses in the summer, sun.


His arms around his wife and daughter, he's laughing. Gal's daughter brushes her hair from her face for the camera. In a year of interviews, it was the first time I'd seen any of them smile. Later we call gal Leo at gal's home in the Dutch countryside to see how the family was settling in. Leo likes the Netherlands a lot more than Bangkok. It feels very quiet here, and the people are very welcoming.


They will say hello to everyone regardless of whether they know each other. But the couple says the ordeal has left deep scars, especially for their son Pong. Along with his father, Pung had also handed over credit card details. He blames himself for the loss of the family savings. Leo says, beginning in Thailand, he grew distrustful and quick to anger. He's very down back in Thailand. He kept to himself in his room and wouldn't come out. It's been a year and he hasn't recovered. Gal feels responsible because he told his son to trust Wong.


I know this is all my fault, so of course I feel guilty. I keep trying to comfort him, But it wasn't all Gao. China does. Target dissidents. The media elevated Wong and Wong seemed like a friend. Of course, I trusted Wong. After all he was living with me. I went to the police department with him to report communist harassment in this situation. Who would you believe This episode was produced by?


Abby Wendell, Noah Caldwell, and Monika. Eva. It was edited by Jenny Schmidt, Barry Hardyman, and Robert Little, researched by Barbara Van Ham. Data reporting by Nick McMillan, engineering by James Willetts. Voiceovers by Tony Kavin, Hazel Feldstein, Julia Langford, Kai McNamee, Ellen Van Mers, Matt Ozu, Andy Catrell, and Jerome Sokoloski. Special thanks to Emily Fang Vincent, me Zao, Esme Nicholson and Fatima sab. Additional thanks to NPR R'S Managing Editor of Standards and Practices, Tony Ka and to Micah Ratner for legal support.


Our supervising senior producer is Leona Strom. And Irene Na Nucci is our executive producer. I'm Aisha Roscoe, and This is The Sunday Story. We'll be back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America Company. What would you like The power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member, SIPC


Support for NPR, and the following message come from Chevron. Chevron's offshore platform anchor is designed to help safely produce oil and natural gas with high pressure technology. That's energy in progress. Visit Chevron dot com slash anchor.