
I am Aisha Roscoe, and you're listening to The Sunday Story from Upfirst, where we go beyond the news to bring you one big story. About 66 million years ago, something huge happened on our planet is known as the fifth mass extinction event, and it wiped out some 50% of plants and animals on earth. You probably know the basics of the story. An asteroid struck and killed off all the dinosaurs. But recently scientists have been uncovering more details about what really happened at that pivotal moment in history. Mantua New Jersey is the site of a new paleontology museum and fossil dig site where scientists are discovering exciting new clues about what happened in the days and even hours after the asteroid hit.


The Edelman Fossil Park and Museum of Rowan University opened this spring to the public, and now anyone who visits has the chance to go down into the quarry to find fossils themselves. When we come back, we go to the fossil site and find out what happened on that fateful day. Stay with us.


Support comes from our 2025 lead sponsor of upfirst Amazon Business. How can you free your team from time consuming office tasks? Amazon Business empowers leaders to not only streamline purchasing, but better support their teams. Smart business buying tools enable buyers to find and purchase items fast so they can focus on strategy and growth. It's time to free up your teams and focus on your future. Learn more about the technology, insights and support available at Amazon Business dot com.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having Rinse. Do it for you. With one touch in-app, scheduling, pickup and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear, handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse combines human care with seamless technology to make laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at Rinse dot com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, tools and Weapons, the podcast hosted by Microsoft's vice chair and president Brad Smith. Across three exclusive conversations on the company's 50th anniversary, Microsoft's CEOs, bill Gates, Steve Balmer, and Satya Nadella. Share the stories, dreams, and drive that fuel the digital revolution and explain why it may be at its most exciting point. Yet. For these and more conversations with other thought leaders, search tools and weapons, wherever you listen to podcasts.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


We're back with The Sunday Story, and I'm here with Minouse Zamorodi, host of the TED Radio Hour to talk about her reporting from the Edelman Fossil Park and what it can teach us. Minouse, welcome to the show. Oh, thanks Aisha. Glad to be here. So you visited the Dick site and the museum before it was open to the public. You got a little sneak preview and you got a tour from Ken Levara, the renowned paleontologist who founded the museum. What was that like? It was a big surprise, Aisha, because this site is tucked behind a strip mall. It is New Jersey after all. So there's like a Lowe's hardware store and a Chick-fil-A, and you drive around the bend behind the mall and there's this beautiful museum with a huge pit in front of it.


And Ken took me down into the pit and you're there and you're like, well, there's just a pile of dirt down here. Right? But actually it is full of tiny fossils, mostly of sponges and clams and snails and oysters, but also bone fragments of turtles, sharks, mosos, and even Yes, an occasional dinosaur. Wow. I mean that that's, that's incredible because anybody would wanna find a little dinosaur piece. Right. So how, how did Ken first discover this site in New Jersey? So, Ken's actually a jersey boy, but he spent most of his career traveling all around the globe, discovering some of the biggest fossils ever, including a dinosaur in Argentina that he named Dread Nas.


It is bigger than the T-Rex. Anyway, so about 20 years ago, Ken decides to come home and become a professor at nearby Rowan University in New Jersey. And then he hears about this site, it's a, it's a mining quarry. So he starts taking his students down there to get some digging experience, see what they can find, and they would follow the bulldozers around to see if any fossils would turn up, and occasionally they would. And then finally in 2007, he rented a corner of the pit and he really excavated it like properly. And that is when he realized he had a huge discovery on his hands. Well, well What, what did he find?


Well, at the bottom of the pit, Ken discovered a 66 million year old bone bed. This is a six inch deep layer of dirt that runs across the width of the quarry with over a hundred thousand fossils from a hundred different species from the Cretaceous period. So Ken calls this the extinction layer. This bone bed Aisha essentially documents the day that the asteroid hit the earth and caused the fifth extinction. It is the most significant intact fossil record to date of the death of the dinosaurs. I mean, I did not know all these details of what researchers think happened that day.


Is it? Is it okay if I play you an excerpt from our episode? Yeah. Yes, absolutely. Let's, let's listen. The ground is teaming with fossils if you know how to look for them. So most of them are invertebrate, fossils, clam snails, oysters, things like that. We'll have turtles and sharks and OSAs and bony fish, the the rare dinosaur. But in addition to all those fossils, the other key thing that Ken and his team have unearthed is a metal called iridium that's usually only found in asteroids, can explain the latest thinking on exactly what happened that day, 66 million years ago when an asteroid slammed into the earth, The asteroid impact happens 1500 miles away from here off the Yucatan Peninsula in what is now Mexico.


It blasts a crater in the Earth's crust. It's about 110 miles across by 12 miles deep. So that's roughly the size of Massachusetts, say Eight and a half minutes after the asteroid hits a magnitude 10.3 earthquake rolls across the continent, probably knocking the largest dinosaurs down. But the deadliest moment comes about 16 minutes after the asteroid. All that material is blasted up through the atmosphere goes in the low earth orbit is pulverized into maybe millimeter sized pieces, but it still has all the mass. So you've given that mass at tremendous amount of potential gravitational energy.


When that stuff comes back in, it's gotta balance the energy books. And the result that day within the first hour is global temperatures get up somewhere between toaster oven and pizza oven. So the dinosaurs that have dominated earth's terrestrial ecosystems for 165 million years, I think are functionally extinct within an hour after that impact. An hour. Yeah. Do we know that for sure? Well, here's what we know. I mean, all dinosaurs lived on land. Well, that day. If you can't do what little mammals did, or crocodiles or lizards or turtles, If you can't get into a burrow somewhere, dig underground somewhere, well, it's between toaster oven and pizza oven, and you die on the surface of the earth that day If you don't have a place to hide.


And it doesn't look like the dinosaurs had a place to hide. Were there a few stragglers that, you know, maybe were at the mouth of a cave or, you know, swimming at the time? Sure. But I think they were functionally extinct at that moment. Several hours later, Ken says a tsunami likely over 130 feet high would've crashed into the coast right here, sweeping the dead dinosaurs out to sea, where they'd sink down to the ocean floor creating a bone bed, A bone bed. That is from the exact moment of the asteroid impact. In fact, it's the only place in the world where You can see a complete death assemblage of many, many species that are victims of that event with the fallout from the asteroid.


We walk around the site to get a different vantage point, and Ken says that the fallout from the asteroid, tiny pieces of it have been found in over 350 sites around the world. But just from the ash, just from the material that falls from the sky to date, the fossil occurrences in that layer have been very, very meager. There's some fish scales in Belgium. There's a pile of paddle fish and a dinosaur leg in North Dakota. That's about it. This site here that you're looking at has an entire collapsed ecosystem at that moment. We've recovered over a hundred thousand fossils representing over a hundred species, and they are inter bed with the fallout from that impact that happened off the coast of Mexico.


So we have little glass veils that rain down from the sky, little grains of what we call shocked quartz, and we have a spike in the level of the metal iridium, which is very, very rare in the crust of the earth, but very much more abundant in asteroids. And so this makes this the best window on the planet And that pivotal calamitous moment that wiped out the dinosaurs and really made the modern world as we know it. Why here? Well, I mean, it was everywhere we, we happen to have those deposits preserved here, and then we had a quarry here because of the mining operation since the first one of those that have been found. Are there any others? Oh, there must be, you could probably go under the lows and find these same deposits or the Chick-fil-A or how Do you stop yourself from just like wanting to dig up everywhere here?


Well, I kind of do, but you know, it's taken us 14 years to excavate only 250 square meters, and these fossils are very important to science. And so we, you know, we excavate these for ourselves, but for future scientists as well. And so we have to document everything very carefully, curate the material very carefully and make sure it's preserved forever so that scientists 200 years from now can study these same fossils. I did not realize it happened that fast. Like that is shocking.


I thought it was like months and maybe a year or two And that the world could get that hot that fast. I mean, it, I really, it makes me think of like the land before time. You know, that, you know the Goofy Oh yeah, I love that show. Yeah, yeah. It's just like, oh my gosh. So, so, so what's the, what's the bigger picture here? Like what does Ken Avara hope people come away with after visiting this museum and, and the fossil site? Yeah, so the museum and the pit, they just open to the public and what he really wants is people to come and touch the earth and really get a sense of just how long this planet has been around.


You know, this, this idea of deep time. Ken likes to use this analogy. So like, let's say you have a thousand page book that represents the entire history of the planet when it comes to the human experience. He says, we would be the last word, the last word in the whole book. That is how limited our time here has been. And, and even though we haven't been here for very long, we humans have used that short time to wreak havoc. And he says, we have actually started the next mass extinction with climate change. But he thinks that If you love something, if you know something, you will work to protect it. And he hopes to help people get to know and love planet Earth.


Okay. Well, well that is a beautiful sentiment, right? It, I I I have to ask, when you were there, did you find a fossil? Well, yes. I needed a little coaching from Ken, to be honest. So let's hear my big moment here. Yeah. Oh, yes, let's do that. So what do I do? Well, so you're looking for things that used to be alive. So you wanna look for the hallmarks of life, which is pattern, form symmetry. If you find something that looks like a random clump of dirt, it's probably a random clump of dirt. Right? Okay. So there are fossils right here. I see some fossils right here. You Do, you see them just like I Do.


I see fossils everywhere. So there you go. You found your fresh fossil. That's it. That was easy. This is a fossil sponge. So a sponge is a little filter feeding organism that lives on the sea floor. They, they draw in water and they have these little cilia, these little hairs, and they filter feed what's, what's in the water. And you just found a 66 million year old fossil sponge. What? Yep. That's amazing. Oh, that's, that's, that's crazy, right? I mean, 66 million years old and you're holding it in your hands. I mean, you know, that like, to be able to touch history like that, it has to be really cool.


Like what, like what effect did it have on you? I think it had exactly that effect touching the earth. It, it was almost too easy, Aisha, like, I reached down and there it was, and there's this crazy time travel that happens that you are holding this, this moment of life for that has existed in the dirt, like in your hand. He wants to give that to everyone, especially kids, and start to feel this connection to time, to history, to the planet, really in a tactile way. And that is exactly what I got. Well, thank you Manu, for sharing this with us. I learned a lot. Oh, good. Yes, I did too. You have to take your kids Aisha.


It's amazing. I I will, I will. I'll try to convince them. I got family in Jersey, so we'll see. Perfect. Yes. That's minutia Zomorodi. She is the host of NPRs TED Radio Hour. To learn more about paleontologist Ken Lava's work at the Edelman Fossil Park and Museum. Check out their episode The Day The Dinosaurs Died. This episode of The Sunday Story was produced by Andrew Mambo and Harsha Najada with help from James Dusi. It was edited by Leonna Strom and Ana's mesh Keur.


Jimmy Keeley mastered the episode. The Sunday Story team includes Justine Yan and Jennifer Schmidt. Irene Nucci is our executive producer. I am Aisha Roscoe. Upfirst is back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


This message comes from Mattress Firm. Summer is the time to reset your sleep Mattress Firm. Sleep experts will match you with the right mattress because there's no one size fits all. Get matched at Mattress Firm's 4th of July, sale and sleep at night.


This message comes from NPR sponsor One Password. Protect your digital life with one password. If you're tired of family members constantly texting you for the passwords to streaming services, one password lets you securely share or remove access to logins, access from any device. Anytime. One password lets you securely switch between iPhone, Android, Mac, and PC with convenient features like autofill. For quick sign-in right now, get a free two week trial for you and your family at one password.com/npr.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you're tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees, and free perks, Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only then full price. Plan options available, taxes and fees. Extra Mint Mobile for details.