
You're listening to The Sunday. Story. I'm Aisha Rosco. Whoopi Goldberg lives her life loudly and unapologetically from the color purple. I'm poor black. I may even be ugly, but dear God, I'm here. I'm here To the view, this Is the View with whooping, it all starts now. She's a familiar face in entertainment. Her work has been widely acclaimed. She's received all the top awards, winning Hollywood's, equivalent to the Triple Crown and egot, claiming an Emmy, a Grammy, a Tony, an an Oscar.


And The Oscar goes to Grammy, goes to, and the winner is Whoopi Goldberg. Whoopi Goldberg, Whoopi Goldberg, Beyond movies and tv. Whoopi has also worked with UNICEF as an advocate for children's health globally, and founded a medical marijuana company centered on women's wellbeing. Rounding out her Renaissance woman characteristics. She's also an author. She's published children's stories and written about her own path, including her 1997 book entitled book. But up until now, she hadn't shared the details of what her family life was like when she was growing up.


And Whoopi's new memoir, Bits and Pieces. We get to know her mother in Johnson and her brother Clyde Johnson. They both knew Whoopi as Karen Johnson, her given name. They were a close-knit family of three that Whoopi has said. Shaped who she is today. Someone who is unafraid to go after what she wants and deserves. The memoir is about love, grief, and coping with losing those who mean the world to you. Today on The, Sunday Story, Whoopi Goldberg. stay with us.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Sattva. You hear a lot of statistics during elections. Here's another. Over a third of Americans suffer from sleep deprivation. Sattva offers handcrafted mattresses to help you sleep soundly. Visit safa.com/npr and save up to $600.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor IBM. Things will go wrong for your customers, but your business can make it right with Watson X assistant AI that can help resolve problems by understanding your customer requests with 90% accuracy. Let's create customer service and service of customers with Watson X Assistant. Learn more at ibm.com/assistant IBM. Let's create.


Welcome back to The Sunday Story. I'm joined now by Whoopi Goldberg from our New York Studios. Whoopi, welcome to the show. Thank you. I'm so honored to have you here. I just gotta get that out the way. And I, and I really, this book touched me so much, so I'm so glad to talk to you about it. Thank you. I, Yeah, I feel like I call you. I You could call. I've had friends call me. I, you could definitely call me. I Cool, cool. Love it. So, you've written memoirs before, books about your own life and, and typically performers focus kind of on themselves. Why did you want to tell your story through the lens of your relationships with your mother and brother this time around?


Well, I, you know, I, I just thought, I have to figure out a way to hold on to what I remember, because for me, having lost both of them now, they were the people who remembered. And I was starting to lose that ability. And I wasn't, I wasn't losing my ability to remember them, but just, it felt like I couldn't remember dates of things or when things happened. It just was weird. So I thought, well, let me just get this done, because I always knew I'd have to write a book about my family. 'cause nobody knows anything about them. And I've never really said anything in depth about my origin story, as it were.


Do you look at this book now as like, as a holder of these memories for you now? Like this is the holder now that your mother and brother are no longer here physically? No, this, this book for me, is an homage. It's an homage to the two of them, because I would not be who I am without them. I always understood that I would have to work hard, you know, because I'm just, I'm A little bit different. I'm a little bit out there. And as it turns out, and I don't know if this will come as a shock to you, Aisha, but I'm also black. So there were, there were a lot of things that, you know, that our parents would say to us about how we moved around in the world.


And so I wanted people to know that I come from very humble, great stock, and my mother loved me or hate me. My mother gave me everything I needed to move around in the world. And my brother taught me how to be insanely strong. So, you know, I thought people should know that I, I I am well equipped to live this life. Talk to me about that, because I feel like in reading this book, I did get a, a better understanding of, you know, the, the icon that you are. Because part of when I think of Whoopi Goldberg is that, first of all, there's no one else like you in Hollywood.


Like you have been yourself. You have been a black woman, you have been a woman with your natural hair. Before every, everybody was into natural hair. You have charted your own path in a way that I think you don't see in Hollywood. And it seems like so much, much of that permission to be yourself came from your mother, who, who really in, in, in a very strong way said, you can be yourself. You don't have to be like anyone else and would challenge you to Yeah. To be true to You. Listen, I was insanely lucky. I was really lucky that I was my mother's child because I was the correct child for her to have both my brother and I, you know, we were, we're just, we were just odd.


We liked different stuff. We, we were open to many, many things. You know, you grow up here in New York City and you know, in those days, so much of it was free. You could go into a museum, you could go into a concert in the park. You had access to lots of things. And so my mother's attitude was, you are in a place where you can do and see just about anything. So what do you want to do? Who are you? Who do you think you are? And you know, if that's who you think you are, and you are comfortable with the fact that not everybody's going to get you, or like you and people are gonna try to talk you into trying to be more like them.


She was really like, listen, it's very simple. If you can be yourself, be yourself. If you need to be, you know, something different, then you can do that. But you gotta be able to explain why. Mm. You know? So I just always felt like I was quite lucky to have her. And that was a different type of parenting style, because so much of parenting can be about control. Right. She really gave you a freedom that it seems like a lot of people didn't have at, especially at that point. Well, I think my mother figured out early on that, you know, we don't have our children forever, so we have to make them really adaptable to the world they're in and teach them how to be themselves, because you're not gonna always be there for them.


I don't know if all parents can do this, but my, my mom was the person who said, you have to know how to be in the world. 'cause I'm not gonna always be here. One way that you always stood out was your attitude towards beauty standards. and that comes up a lot in Hollywood because, you know, you look and there's this certain standard, or this is what you're supposed to be thin. You're supposed to be this or that. And there's a section in your book that I'd like you to read where you heard your mother talking about your looks. Let's see, let's see, let's see.


Okay. One afternoon, my mother was talking to a group of women. I was nearby, and I heard one of the ladies say, you know, Karen's no beauty. She's gonna have to find a job and work. I think it probably hurt my mother more than it hurt me, because she grew up not being the shiniest bulb on the chandelier. She looked just like me. Her cousin Arlene always seemed to get the attention for her beauty. My mother responded to it in a completely even and calm tone. Karen knows that she knows she doesn't look like other girls. Karen looks like herself. Whatever she decides she wants to do, she already knows. She needs to be able to support herself and get by.


I appreciated that. My mother told me the truth. I still make my share of choices that don't work out early on, but I never got in a position where I couldn't change my life because I was dependent on another person to support me. I knew I'd be able to figure it out. And that stood out to me as, as a mother, I'm a mother myself. And I would've been like my baby. Beautiful. And your baby is beautiful. She's beautiful. Yes. But, but your mother said something that I think is so important. She says she looks like herself. Yeah. And like so much of the time we hear from, you know, in memoirs or people talking about their mothers, they'll say that my mother pressured me to be thin and have straight hair and this and that.


But it seems like your mother did the opposite and she let you de define your own standard of beauty. Well, yeah, I mean, let's face it, you know, the standard of beauty when I was a kid didn't include me. So, you know. Yeah. I knew I was never going to live up to anybody's standard of beauty except my own. And I've never had any trouble, you know? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So I have not, you know, so I, I figure I'm doing something right. You know, I'm clean, I'm fun. I'm cute as hell. Right now You're listening to The Sunday Story.


We'll be right back.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from BetterHelp, even when we know what makes us happy, it's hard to make time for it. Prioritize a self-care and make therapy one of your self-care non-negotiables with BetterHelp online therapy. Fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge at BetterHelp dot com slash npr.


This message comes from Arctic Wolf dedicated to helping organizations end cyber risk through their suite of fully managed security operations solutions, all delivered by their concierge security team. Learn more@arcticwolf.com slash npr.


This message comes, From NPR sponsor Capella University with their game changing FlexPath learning format. Capella empowers you to fit education into your life without putting other priorities on hold. FlexPath lets you set your own deadlines and adjust them. If something comes up, and depending on your schedule, you can take courses at your own speed and move on to the next one. When you're ready, imagine how a flexible program can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu


Welcome back to The Sunday Story. I'm speaking with the renowned Whoopi Goldberg about her memoir, Bits and Pieces, where she shares stories about her mother and brother. Talk to me about your brother Clyde, who was also your protector. Yeah. And then there's a very, you know, not to give too much away, but after his passing away, you talk about all these women that showed up at all his memorial Services. Oh my God. We had like four different services for him because my brother loved to travel. Yes. Yeah. So when he passed, I did a, a memorial in Berkeley. I did a memorial in la I did a memorial in New York, and then I did a memorial.


Just in general, when I tell you that two or three women per memorial okay. Per memorial, per memorial would come up and say, oh, I don't, I don't know if, you know, Claude and I were, we were gonna move in together. And it's like, oh, cool, cool. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And, and then, you know, 12 minutes later, here's another one saying, oh, I don't know if you knew, but Clyde and I were together. And I'm looking at the other lady thinking, does she nobody but that Nobody knew about each Other. About each other. Yeah. I'm telling you, he was, he was.


Not only was he remarkable. Mm. He's a really great man. You know, he, he's the standard of man that you want. You want somebody who can hear you. You want somebody who has a sense of humor, who is not hung up on what you are not. And my brother, I realized as we went through all these ladies, because they were all different, all different colors, all different sizes, all different types, and they all loved him, and he loved each and every one of them. And he wasn't gonna move in with anybody, you know? But I, I, I understood something which I, I hadn't really put together.


and that is the people who love you, love you, and they love you for their reasons. You know, losing him was, was tough. Yeah. Because I always thought that, I don't know why, but I, I kind of thought, well, we're either never gonna go or it's going to be a while before he goes. And I, so I wasn't anticipating his, his death. When in the book, you, you give advice to readers about how to deal with grief. And I think it is so important, you know, you point out that if someone hasn't lost their mother, you know, I haven't lost my mother. You know, you're not, they're not gonna know how to talk to you about that.


But you, you, you also give advice. And I noticed that the advice that you were giving was some of it, it was your mother's advice. Yes. When you talked about how, you know, if you're going to have a day and it's gonna be rough, pull down the shades, fall out on the chair, make it really dramatic. Did do you feel like you've kind of, in some ways you've become like your mother. That's, that that's what you're carrying on from her? She's still giving you advice. Well, I don't know if I've become like my mother, but I am adjacent. Mm. You know what I mean? Because I am still, I'm me. Yeah. Yeah. But her, her thought patterns make sense to me.


Like she, she was a wonderful Head Start teacher. And one of the things that was fun for me over the years was to watch her in class, because my mother always wanted children to feel like there was no question they could not ask. And so sometimes children don't understand things like death. So at Halloween, my mother, they got a giant pumpkin and all the kids helped her carve it, and it was wonderful. And then Halloween came and everybody dressed up and, and then it wasn't Halloween anymore, and the pumpkin was still there.


Two weeks later. It still wasn't Halloween anymore. And it wasn't gonna be Halloween again until next year. But the pumpkin was still there. And I would see parents come in and see the pumpkin. And, you know, they don't, they're not cute pumpkins when, you know, when they're starting to turn green and into mush. And someone finally said to my mother, are you going to get rid of this, this pumpkin? Why? Why have you left it here like this? And my mother said, because kids need to know that this, what's happening to this pumpkin happens to everyone. Mm. So they don't need to be afraid of this.


This is the natural order of things. And for me, that was huge because I realized that without scaring children, she allowed them to talk about what happens. And does this happen to people? Yes. It also happens to people. So yeah. But you don't have to be afraid of it. And I love that side of her that said, you need not be afraid. I, I got you by the hand. I would like to be more like her, but I think I'm adjacent to her. You were very frank in this book, which a lot of people, I think it's very difficult to do about how as a mother yourself.


Yeah. Your, your daughter had some anger with you because you had to work a lot. You weren't always there. Right. Physically, because you were working to support her. I wondered, like, did writing this book at the homage to your mother in particular, did it, did it make you think about your motherhood journey in a Different way? Girl, me and my kid talk about me an our relationship all the time. My, you know, what I realized is that I had done to her the same thing, except in a different way. I, I chose to go to work because I was offered this amazing life on a silver platter.


My mom had a nervous breakdown and ended up in the hospital for two years. And that's why I, I didn't see her, you know? So when I realized that I had, in a funny way, sort of echoed what was what happened to me, I said to my kid, I'm so sorry. I did that. And my daughter, God bless her, she said, listen, you went to work for us. You went to work for us. Yeah. I was mad for a little while, but mostly because people would come up and move me out of the way when we were walking down the street or we were at dinner. I said, yeah, I know that used to really irritate you.


And she said, but then you'd yell at people and tell 'em to stop doing it. And then I felt better. But, you know, my, my daughter turned out to be a rather wonderful parent herself. She got a lot of the good time with my mom. 'cause when I went away to do the movies, my mom lived in this compound with us. And so they were together. So, and you know, my mother, when, when I finally really started to make some money, I said, what, what do you want? And she said, well, I really only want a couple of things. She said, I want a, a beaver bowler hat.


I had to look that up. Yeah. Yeah. And it must have the brush with it. She was like, like, adamant, it has to have the brush with it. I said, okay. She said she wanted a, an herman coat and that, and she wanted to be able to go around the world as often as she wanted to until she got tired. And she was able to do that as well. Now, what I can tell you is that she, the beaver bowler hat, you can see there are pictures online, I think when we did the gap ad of my mother, my daughter, and my granddaughter. So she's wearing her beaver bowler hat in that picture, the Herman coat she wanted because she laid it on her bed.


And when she was annoyed with something, she, she would take it off the bed and she'd drag it down the stairs like a movie star. She never wore it outside. She just, she just Just dragged, just dragged it. That sounds so grand though. Yes. That's so grand. That's what she wanted. That's what she wanted. Because I think my mother in her deepest soul didn't realize that she in fact, was a grande, you know? Yeah. Because people never talk about black women as grand dames. But my mother was a grand doe and the, and she went around the world until she got tired, you know?


And every time I say it, it tickles me. It just tickles me because that's all she wanted. That was all she wanted. Mm. Well, I, I wanna just end things out 'cause you say such beautiful, like remarks at the end about grief. And there may be someone may have had this loss, and I guess what would you say to them? We mostly mourn our loss. It's a huge one. It's a huge one. It's the first person who gazed at you. This is my recommendation. Celebrate the mother you had. Celebrate her. Take yourself out. If you take yourself to restaurant, have a table set for two.


Have it set for your, your mom and have one set for you. And just gaze as you eat, gaze. And you'll start to find that you're chuckling. Yeah. Yeah. You'll remember stuff. And it will help you know that they, they are here. They're just not conveniently here. That's Whoopi Goldberg, the icon, the ot, all of that. Her new memoir is Bits and Pieces. Thank you so much for joining us. Thank you. I was terrific talking to you. That was Whoopi Goldberg. You can find her book, Bits and Pieces, wherever books are sold.


This episode was produced by Hazel Feldstein and edited by Jenny Schmidt, Abby Wendell and Leanna Strom. Our engineer was Gilly Moon. Emily Bogle is our visuals editor. The Sunday Story team includes Justine Yan and Andrew Mambo. Irene Nucci is our executive producer. I'm Aisha Roscoe. upfirst is back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member, SIPC


Support for NPR. And the following message come from Chevron. Chevron's offshore platform Anchor is designed to help safely produce oil and natural gas with high pressure technology. That's energy in progress. Visit Chevron dot com slash anchor.


The candidates for November are set. I know Donald Trump's type Between now and election day, we are not going back a campaign season unfolding faster. Kamala Harris is not getting a promotion then any in recent history. Make America great again. Follow it all with new episodes every weekday on the NPR Politics Podcast.