
I am Aisha Roscoe, and This is The Sunday Story. A couple of years ago we aired two episodes by NPRs international correspondent Emily Fang. They were about an ethnic Uyghur Family struggling to survive a brutal crackdown by the Chinese state. I've experienced unbelievably difficult days. I do not know whether it's a test from God or what. This is Abdu Char. In her series, Emily tells the story of how Chinese authorities detained his wife and his young children. Char spent years trying to get his family back. Since then, Emily has kept reporting on Uyghurs like the Char family and she joins us today to talk about some of her latest work and the revealing view it gives us into how the Chinese government has been targeting Uyghurs.


Emily, thank you for being here today. Thank you so much for having me. Aisha. Emily, you've spent years reporting on the repression and violence Uyghur's experience in China's xingjiang region. The United Nations has warned that the arbitrary and discriminatory detentions, ethnic minorities face there may constitute crimes against humanity. Why is China doing this? That's a great question and it starts with the fact that Uyghurs make up just under half of Xing j's population. They speak their own language, which is completely different from Mandarin Chinese, and if they're religious they usually practice Islam.


But the Chinese authorities that control the Xinjiang region are mainly ethnic Han. That is China's ethnic majority, and they want to reshape Xingjiang into a region that's more quote unquote Chinese in their eyes. So they've been imprisoning tens of thousands of Uighurs and other ethnic minorities by saying that they are a national security threat. I I would imagine that something like this is is not easy to report on. You Are absolutely right. Uighurs outside of China are afraid to speak out and China does not let many foreign journalists into the country. And let's say you are in China, authorities there often intimidate and surveilled journalists when they try to report on Uyghur related issues.


But in my reporting, I've had help making contacts through an important source, a Uyghur writer and activist. My name is Abdu Aup. I am from Kashkar and I am living in Norway right now. So Abdu fled China after spending 15 months in prison in Xingjiang for starting a Uyghur language school. He's a very well-known intellectual, which is how I met him, and he has a talent for convincing people who otherwise might be too scared or too suspicious to speak to the media. But even with Abdus help, sometimes sources we've been talking to have gone strangely silent and that led me into what's become this story.


It's a kind of meta story about people who work to silence stories, some of whom have felt silenced themselves and how they help perpetuate and justify systems they know are wrong. We'll be right back.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions so you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from BetterHelp even when we know what makes us happy, it's hard to make time for it. Prioritize a self-care and make therapy one of your self-care non-negotiables with BetterHelp online therapy. Fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge at BetterHelp dot com slash npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Bluehost. Try Bluehost Cloud the hosting plan made for WordPress creators by WordPress experts with a hundred percent uptime, fast load times, and 24 7 support. Your sites can handle high traffic spikes. Visit bluehost.com.


I'm Aisha Roscoe and This is The Sunday Story. We're back with NPRs Emily Fang and a story about the people helping China purposefully or inadvertently crack down on the Uyghurs. Emily, you spoke with two men, Uyghurs themselves, who you say silenced to other Uyghurs. So where, where do we start with this? I want to start with a man who's known as a kind of fixer for Uyghurs living in Turkey where many Uyghurs have relocated. He is a powerful Uyghur businessman rumor to have close ties to Chinese authorities and people who are desperate for help reconnecting with family and with associates in China.


They come to him. He's a man known to make things happen, but he's also rumored to request things in return like silence as in don't speak out against the government and I'll see what I can do. He's tried to silence at least one of my sources before, so I had to wonder, who is this man and why does he do what he does? Is he a spy for China? I had lots of questions and it turns out my contact, the activist Abdu Ayup knows about him. This guy's name Abdule told me is Saber Bda. Saber is one of the most famous hur around the world With Abdu says a huge public presence.


I have seen him on the screen that I have read articles even about him and I heard a lot of rumors about him, Rumors about his ability to work with Chinese government officials Because he is the one that easily get visa from Chinese embassy. This is apparently one of Saber's magic powers. He's able to obtain visas for Uyghurs, hoping to get back into China. Since China's crackdown, it's been almost impossible for Uyghurs to leave China or to return, but saber floats between these worlds and he promises others the same opportunity To save their family members and help them because of he can back and forth between China and the Turkey between stumble and uchi.


One uighur guy I talked to who was having trouble getting his Chinese passport renewed remembers Saber once whipping out his phone, calling a Chinese diplomat and fixing the problem within the week. So that's what we knew about Saber, but we never met him in person or been able to talk to him. Then last fall, saber out of the blue reached out, so we headed to Istanbul. Turkey is now home to an estimated 50,000 uighur, including many who have fled the crackdown in China.


Abdu met Saber first at his office and later I met him at an upskill restaurant in Istanbul. Saber is tall, thin, dapper, and very charismatic. Almost immediately after we sat down, he launched into his backstory. He says he first left China in 1998 and came to Turkey as a student. When I first arrived in Istanbul, Uyghurs were scarce in numbers, But there were plenty of opportunities for Saber while still a student. He also became an entrepreneur.


During That period, I juggled business ventures alongside my college studies, frequently traveling between Central Asia and Turkey. Specifically, I was involved in antler and copper trades, which were thriving industries at the time. He says he made a ton of money, but his real claim to fame in Istanbul was a Chinese restaurant he opened called the Golden Dragon Restaurant. Our restaurant has attracted celebrities like Sophia Loren and Jackie Chen, Jackie Chen, As well as hosted heads of state. If a patron didn't spend at least $50 on food, then we wouldn't even look them in the face.


The restaurant also became a hotspot gathering place for Turkish and Chinese government officials. I met several Weakers in Turkey who described meeting Sabra there for business and running into Chinese officials. In 2010, saber set up a nonprofit organization in Istanbul called the Turkish Uyghur Industrialists and Entrepreneurs Association, which promotes Xin J, how great it is and tries to drum up investment in the region. Just a few weeks after the organization's launch Saber as its president got to meet with the then Chinese premier win Dabo, who was in Turkey on a state visit. Saber says he took the meeting as a chance to press for greater rights for Uyghur people in China.


He says he told the premier about the embarrassing interrogations he'd suffered when trying to enter China and emphasized how common this is. All Uyghur. People living around the world face the same problem at the Chinese border's unfair to treat Uyghurs like this. Upon entering the country, Sabers continue traveling to China and meeting with officials despite the crackdown in Xinjiang, he maintains that open lines of communication with the Chinese state actually help the Uighur people.


This is a problem, a problem that could be solved through dialogue in a formal manner over many years. It can be addressed through dialogue and negotiation done in the right way. Saber says he does not take sides in this conflict, but he's repeated false claims about Uyghurs on Turkish media in 2020. He said Covid was the reason Uyghurs were not allowed to leave China or contact their relatives, but he never mentioned the state crackdown. I Don't view China as a problematic country. In Turkey, we might see things that are different as normal.


China's political structure has its limitations and it may resort to aggressive actions for certain issues. I consider this normal. The truth is it's impossible to really know where Saber stands. Is he trying to help the Uyghur people or is he being used as a pawn by the Chinese state? Abili says not having those answers creates mistrust. If you do something underlyingly, people feel suspicious and the people will not trust each other. People suspect that are you working with Chinese government?


Are you working for Chinese government? This does happen. Some Uyghurs have said they're asked by Chinese police officers to spy on other uyghurs in Turkey, and suspicion is rife among the Uyghur diaspora about potential spies and informants lurking in their midst. For example, right after wind Debo that Chinese premier visited Turkey a second Uyghur businessman told me he received a phone call. It was from a young low level Chinese diplomat who was ethnically Uyghur, and this Chinese diplomat politely asked the businessman to start a second branch. The organization's saber began in Istanbul.


The Chinese diplomat said they want eyes on the ground in every Turkish city. China regularly sets up surveillance operations to monitor diaspora and dissonant groups abroad in the US and the United Kingdom, for example, and Turkey is no exception. This businessman told me however that he said no in his interview with us Saber hedged when asked about whether he worked with China, whether it spied on Uyghurs and he even suggested Uyghurs were in part to blame for their predicament.


We often place all the blame on China on various factors on America, on Turkey, but as Uyghurs are we completely innocent And Saber was really skillful in sidestepping every question lobbed at him about whether he's a spy. He does not deny he works with Chinese officials. After all Chinese state media reports show he's been an official representative at political meetings in Beijing for at least two years and met at least several times with officials from China's United front. That's the communist party body tasked with co-opting dissident groups outside China. But for Uyghur's desperate to connect with family inside China, saber is a lifeline in large part because he has this unusual access.


So what are Saber's motivations to this day? Abdu and I still don't totally understand. I wanted to believe, I still want to believe he has done something good. I should be fair that he has done nothing harmful to the people from his description and from my understanding, from my knowledge, people asked him help and then he helped. But we don't know the the motivation. So that secret, the lobbying is harmful to vigor society because of you can't tell what you have done to the people.


But I don't have evidence to prove this. I don't believe something without evidence. I reached out to the Chinese government seeking information on Saber BHA and his relationship to China. My questions went unanswered. When I met Saber in Istanbul in October, 2023, he was preparing to lead another delegation of Uyghur businessmen from Turkey to China and dozens of Uyghurs had tried to sign up. Saber had given the Chinese foreign ministry a list of Uyghur men and Beijing got to handpick the people they wanted to come.


Those who were selected were guaranteed safe passage in and out of China. But there is a cost to going. Spying is too big of a word for what these people do. This is M another Uyghur businessman who desperately wanted to be included in Saber's delegation despite knowing it might mean he'd get approached by Chinese authorities. The Chinese public security and state security bureaus contact Uyghur businessmen and threaten them and asked them to pass on information about the Uyghur people around them, where they live and what they do for work.


Em left his hometown of Aji, that's Xing j's capital. In 2015, after a lot of his friends were detained, which is why em did not want to be named in this story. His family and Xing Jang has come under a lot of state pressure because he now lives abroad. Yet after nearly eight years in tricky, em still misses China. His life's work was there, including his business. Normal Logic dictates we shouldn't have any contact with Chinese people, but we only know how to work with Chinese people. We have no other options.


Turkey is even worse. We've all gone bankrupt working with people here because we do not know how to work here. We Have to keep up contacts with China. Among us Hur businessmen, more than 99% of us still have links to China, Which is why em wanted to go on Sabras trip to China. Despite the risk of having to pass on information to the state. Our tragedy is that we have to live. Survival is our biggest priority. We have families, children, we need to survive.


I used to criticize the Uyghur people for not being united against the Chinese, but I learned the hard way that to survive we have to have contact with China and do bad things. But in the end, em was rejected. He was not allowed to enter China. He does not know why and he's reeling. Chinese business partners he's worked with for years have abandoned him because they think they could get in trouble by associating with him. All It takes is one phone call from the local Chinese police. They'll say, don't work with so and so person, otherwise it'll bring trouble.


All it takes is one call and the other person will immediately cut ties with you. They can't ask why. Still Em told me he does not fault. Saber and other Uyghurs who keep up a two-way street with Beijing Palmer. So many people have fear, fear of losing their families, their businesses being affected. That's The biggest problem right now. In order to survive, They Turn their backs on their own people.


I heard this again and again during my reporting in Turkey. People do what they do to survive and there are no easy black and white moral choices to make. And as for Saber, he never really explained why he'd reached out to us and wanted to talk. But by the end of our meeting with him, it seemed pretty clear he was just trying to justify what he does and how he does it. But justifications like that don't sit well with Abduweli. He's a writer and activist. He's taken a clear stand. Abdule thinks the Uyghur people are in crisis and engagement with the Chinese state is a betrayal.


People feel that they are on the battlefield at the war. So at war we have only two sides, one attack, another defend themselves At the time it's really clear that who is who. If you commute between two sides, it's really obvious people feel who you are. But one thing that stuck out to me during my years reporting on the ground in Xinjiang was this. There are a lot of Uyghurs in this position.


A lot of the low level staff in forcing China's crackdown are ethnic uyghurs. I've always wondered how this Chinese police state in Xinjiang endures how it continues to keep Uyghurs outside China from speaking out and also how it controls Uyghur's inside China who comprised just under half of Xing Chang's population. China's success, it turns out, has a lot to do with the help it receives from people like Saber. In a moment, I'll tell you about one of those low level enforcers. He's a Uyghur man who worked for the Chinese government in Xinjiang, And you in my heart that the government's policy was wrong.


We'll be right back.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


This message comes from Progressive Insurance where drivers who switch could save hundreds on car insurance. Get your quote@progressive.com today. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates.


This message comes From NPR sponsor Mint Mobile From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.


This is The Sunday Story. I'm Emily Fang with a story about complicity and China's crackdown on Uyghurs and other Muslim ethnic groups. So in Turkey we met Saber, a powerful businessman with ties to China. He insists he's helping Uyghurs by keeping good relations with the Chinese authorities. He's no regrets about working within the system. China has established. I met another man who at first sounds a lot like Saber. He was sympathetic to the Chinese government and thought he was helping in the work he was assigned. But over time, he changed his mind and his story ends in a very different place.


From Sabers, Abdu a first met this man in Istanbul where the man now lives We got to know him at a Uyghur run restaurant in the city. The owners pulled some curtains around us to give us privacy and then served us steaming plates of polo, A kind of rice pull off. Beloved by Uyghurs we can make an order, but also with dumpling is okay. We're calling this man by his first initial only A because he also has family left in China whose safety he worries about. A tells us it's been a long journey to Turkey back in China. He says he trained as a teacher, then got a job in his hometown in the local government.


Most of his work was administrative. He registered marriages and divorces, maintained land records and registrations and things like that. But in 2014, a started to notice something different happening. He began to get a lot of new assignments at work and requests to do overtime. Since mid 2014, working groups were formed. We didn't get breaks anymore at work. We can't even ask for one. And part of a's new role was to report Uyghurs who appear to be practicing Muslims.


We were sent out to surveil the UGA farmers, for example, to see if there were abnormal situations such as if they had a a beard or not. They At the beginning, actually, the government didn't say that they had to get rid of their beards altogether, nor did they tell Uyghurs to take off their long religious robes. They were very soft in their turn and they said that they should change their long clothes, the shorter ones. In 2016, it fell on a to notify working adults that it was their turn to go to school and bring them from their home or workplace directly to what are essentially detention camps.


These camps were part of a vast system. China started rapidly expanding that year. Estimates from the US State Department, the UN and Investigative Journalists show from 2017 to 2021, about 1 million to 3 million Uyghurs were detained. But the truth is nobody really knows exactly how many were detained or how many camps were built. China euphemistically calls these camps schools because there they're where Uyghur adults are sent for months or even years to be reeducated. In China's words, taught correct political thinking and forced to memorize Xi Jinping speeches, but state procurement documents and sadly, images of these camps show the schools of come to resemble correctional facilities with barbed wire, high walls and guard towers and people cannot leave.


But at first A was not too concerned about them. It didn't pay close attention to it, such as who was taken there and how it was done. When I attended the training, there weren't that many people A thought. This was just another round of ideological campaigning. He'd experienced numerous ebbs and flows in how China controls Xinjiang, and he saw it as his duty to his fellow Uyghurs to implement state policy, basically to get whatever this is over with more quickly and soon a told us he got assigned a new job teaching at one of the detention camps.


The school, as he calls it, was in the Chile northern mountain ranges of xingjiang and it had been built quickly out of once empty land. It was also run very strictly. Here's how a remembers the routine. Every morning, summertime, around five o'clock, wintertime is five 30. A bell's rung like bell's rung in military camps. After the bell rings, we all stand up, make our beds. You have 20 minutes to brush your teeth and wash your face and get on the field where we did military style drills such as running in the field.


Then we'd shout political slogans. There are a lot of them to be read. We do drills of turning left and right and pushups, very hard military training. A says he was assigned to help with the studying bit, teaching classes in Mandarin, Chinese language and Xi Jinping speeches and in lessons against religious extremism. At first he said he did his job with gusto. During the session, I exerted my utmost effort because in my opinion, terrorism is morally unjustifiable. It is fundamentally wrong to take the lives of others.


I was passionate about training them, encouraging them to pay attention to modern science and technology, democracy and human rights. I emphasize how the bombings and terror attacks in Afghanistan were wrong and harmful to others. When I spoke of democracy and human rights, their hearts were deeply moved. His students were forced to be there. Though remember, they were under pressure to show they'd reformed in some way in order to leave. A few months later, a was reassigned to a second detention camp near the city of Kla in Xing Chang's North. This one built on the grounds of an actual middle school.


I wanted to know exactly where both camps were. So he took a break from the interview and I pulled up Google maps on my phone a pointed to where he'd worked. And both camps match exactly to two camps identified and confirmed by the Australian Strategic Policy Institute in Australian think tank. And it was at the second camp that he was assigned to that A says he started doubting the work when he questioned the treatment of the detainees and whether he was complicit in all of it.


There was a man in the class over 60 years old. Unfortunately, his responses were not as quick as the others. This elderly man struggled to write a reflection essay and when he couldn't keep up, he was subjected to beatings with sticks and slaps by the teachers. It Pain me to see an elder treat it this way. There were seven or eight others like him who endured similar punishment. While some of them deliberately resisted the system and reacted poorly, he remained a well-behaved man. He would listen attentively, but his slower reactions left him behind.


He was subject to harsh beating several times and my heart ached for him. On the contrary, he deserved respect in society or any community. Everyone should have shown him respect and greeted him warmly. A says he started trying to help the detainees out, helping the older residents remember their Chinese when sneaking the younger ones extra eggs from his own breakfast because he knew they weren't getting as much food. But he also started to fear for his own safety. He realized the teachers and not just the students were being watched closely.


At that time, I had a sad feeling in my heart, but despite that, even if we knew what was happening was wrong in our hearts, I couldn't let the government know that I felt that way. We had a bus that watched out every move. If they found out that we had emotions about what was going on, they would file a report on us. As a told his story, Abdu and I found it hard to understand how he could justify his work given what he was seeing.


So I asked him why he kept teaching. Despite his doubts, I thought that by working diligently, the number of students would decrease and there would be no need for further training in the future. Unfortunately, the exact opposite occurred. Some of the students I taught relinquished their hidden books and tapes. However, the government still maintained that their camp incarceration action was justified. That Was when I experienced the most distress.


I believe that through training they would find liberation and no longer in OSA treatment. But the numbers grew to a thousand. And as the detention camps were filling up with Uyghurs, the economy tanked with their owners or employees and detention. Small businesses around xingjiang began to fail. Chinese investors started pulling out because of the political instability and a who could no longer stand teaching at these camps tried to find another stable source of income. One of the only jobs left, however, was in the police force. And so in 2019, he says he reluctantly became a police officer.


In Has mentioned Adam in my door. If I don't work, someone else will take my place. If someone worse than me or less educated than me were hired, they might enforce police work more harshly. Leading to further oppression of Uyghur people, When we met, a showed me his police badge to verify his identity and former occupation. He says his hardest assignment as a police officer when he's asked to really prove his loyalty came later in 2019. It was June the Eid of feature festival, an important holiday on the Muslim calendar and a is told to go to Kashgar, a city in the south of Xinjiang.


That's the heart of Uighur culture. These Chinese state media videos from that day in Kashgar and around Xinjiang show beautiful scenes of Uighur life and the lead up to the holiday. There are video diaries of young Uyghur men and women preparing for Ramadan and shots of these long rows of men bowing to prayer outside mosques.


A is at one of those mosques too with about 30 children he's been asked to look after. At the time of Eid. They tell us this day is Eid. You should assign UGA police three or four of 'em from one police station. Go to the mosques on the Eid mornings. We'll tell you what your assignments are when you get there. We Bring with us 15 or 20 UIG officers to a station, and another 15 are Chinese, half Chinese, half hur. They assigned three or four of us, mostly young officers, the ones without family.


I was also assigned. We gathered in a hall of a big building in front of the mosque together on the day of Eid A tells the children he's brought to dance to put on a show for reporters who are watching to create this fiction of ethnic unity and that Uyghurs are free to celebrate religious holidays, Chinese state media, broadcast videos of the dancing. It seems that there were reporters everywhere. They took pictures and filmed the scene to show that we are living normally.


A says it was all staged by the government. Later we found out that those who came outta the mosque were retired Communist party Cadra, who organized some pro-government party members to pray at the mosque. A sort of laughs in disbelief as he recalls this event for us. We witnessed with our own eyes that the government was propagandizing to the international community, that religious rights were being protected here. We requested comment from China's foreign ministry and in response it sent a statement saying Western media is quote slandering China's governance policies in Xingjiang.


It also said, quote, the legal rights of the Uyghur ethnic group have been fully protected. We're still waiting for comment from the Public security ministry. But for a what he saw at the mosque that day, it was his breaking point. He does not want to do this work anymore. And he started to look for ways out of Xingjiang. He finds out if you can get a job outside of Xingjiang and you can register your identification card elsewhere, you might be able to apply for a passport and leave China. So he came up with a plan. He had a friend running a school, trading kids to use computers, and a southwestern Chinese city of Chengdu and his friend agreed to hire him as a teacher in 2020.


Once he was outside of Xingjiang, A says he began to realize what a mental cage it had been working and living there. One he had helped to create since a's time in the camps, the security measures in the Xinjiang region appeared to have eased a bit and China claims the camps have been closed. But recent reports out of the region suggest many of the sites remain and detentions continue. When he reflects on his time teaching in the detention camps. A says he's struck by how easy it was to get people to turn on one another through fear alone.


We would gather a large number of people and tell them, if you confess we'll give leniency and let you go. If you don't confess, we'll start arresting you in two or three days. Then people would start coming to the station in droves to confess out of fear. And that's all it took for people to panic. There was a feeling that the government knew everything they did. So when a policeman arrested someone and asked him if he had done this or that, we knew he would confess everything he did since birth and give up four, five, or even seven or eight people to save himself.


In 2023, a managed to leave China using his new identity documents. For now he's in Istanbul, but hopes to settle elsewhere and start a new life. During our interview with a, I kept wondering what Abdule thought of a's story. After all, Abdule was jailed by people not unlike A, so I asked Abdule after we returned from our trip to Turkey, what it was like to hear from someone who had been on the other side in the camps. He told me the story just like happened to somewhere else, not our hometown, somebody else, not us.


With detachment. Abdule means A had described what had happened to him, but what bothered abdule is he had not taken any responsibility for what he had done. Like I asked him one question that how can you become a police after you stayed in the camp as a teacher, you have experienced those torture, those humiliation, those indoctrination, and how can you become a police? And he told me very naturally that what can I do?


That's the job I can found. I have to feed myself. I have to support my family. It reminded me this indoctrination worked really well. How people accepted the reality that easily Abdule thought a should repent. Just confess what you have done. Just tell me it's it's wrong. I think he does feel bad. Yeah, of course. Of course he does feel bad, but like he told part of the truth, but not all of the truth.


Do you see this man as a victim himself? Yes. He is a victim himself because of he didn't realize what he has done is wrong. That's the biggest victimhood. How can you do this? How can you arrest your brothers and sisters? Yes, I can understand as a scholar, but I can't understand a wig. I can't.


No, But this policeman did come forward. He did tell us his story. Finally, I hope that in some ways a way for him to repent. Yeah. Yeah, he did. Yeah, like he did. Abduweli says that's one step towards telling Uyghur's stories to the world. We have enough evidence, but we don't have enough people to tell the truth.


That was NPR correspondent Emily Fang, who reported this episode with translation help from Abdule iu. If you'd like to hear our first two stories about the Char family or a detailed history of the weaker people from our friends at the Throughline podcast, we've linked to those episodes in our episode description, Adelina Lan produces episode. It was edited by Jenny Schmidt. Leonna Strom is our supervising producer. Our executive producer is Irene Nucci. Special thanks to Didi Skanky and Vincent Knee of NPRs International Desk. Uighur Translations by Akita Juma Uighur Abdullah Arslan Hiday and Bob Ichi recorded the voiceovers you heard In this episode, fact checking by Will Chase, mastering by Quai Lee.


Thanks to our managing editor of Standards and Practices, Tony Cavin and to Micah Ratner for legal support. We appreciate hearing from you, so feel free to reach out to us at The Sunday Story at npr.org. upfirst is back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, enjoy the rest of your weekend. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org.


That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk. Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from homes.com. What kind of programs does this school have? How are the test scores? These are all things parents ask when they home shop. That's why each listing on homes.com includes extensive reports on local schools, homes.com. We've done your homework.