
I'm Aisha Roscoe, and this is The Sunday Story where we go beyond the news to bring you one big story. This is Sean Combs, a KAP Diddy. You might also know him as Puff Daddy, love, or Puffy. And back in 2023 when he was performing this medley at the VMAs, he was at the height of his fame and power. He received a global icon award at the ceremony. And around the same time, mayor Eric Adams awarded Combs a gold key to New York City. I want to thank Y'all for this honor and just recognizing me being from New York, giving me the key to the city, then he finally has the key to the city.


12 months later, Combs was in jail and facing criminal charges for sex trafficking and racketeering conspiracy. The hip hop artist, Sean Combs, better known as Puff Daddy or p Diddy, was arrested late last night. Sean Diddy Combs was arrested late Monday night in New York and indicted on federal charges of sex trafficking and racketeering. This is just the latest Illegal tomorrow. Combs is trial will begin in New York City. Today on the show, NPR music reporter Isabella Gomez Armo joins us to talk about the rise and fall of one of hip hop's biggest stars. A warning this episode contains discussion of sexual assault, violence, and drug use.


Stay with us.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, You can manage your wealth your way At Schwab. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more.


This message comes from Rinse. These days You can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and sell stocks, but You can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with Rinse. Schedule a pickup with the Rinse app and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order at Rinse dot com. That's RINS e.com.


This message comes from ICF where AI powered tools and technology drive efficiency outcomes and mission. Success across government and industry i's data-driven solutions, speed delivery, fast track results, and help you move forward with confidence, experience the power of advanced technology and expert insight. Let's build an AI ready future start@icf.com. That's icf.com.


We're back with The Sunday Story and joining me to talk about Sean Combs and his upcoming trial is NPRs Isabella Gomez. Armo. Isabella, welcome. Hi, Aisha. So this is a huge moment for hip hop, for pop culture more broadly because Sean Combs, puffy Diddy had a really indelible mark on hip hop and on pop culture, and now he's facing serious criminal charges. Bring me up to speed on, on what he's being accused of. Yeah, I mean, right off the bat we have to sort of set the record straight, which is that for nearly two years now, we've been hearing all of these civil lawsuits and really serious sexual abuse allegations against Sean Combs, but that's separate from the criminal charges he's facing during this trial, although there is definitely a lot of overlap in the allegations.


The big picture here is basically that the government is accusing combs of using his power across the music, fashion, entertainment, and media industries to run a criminal organization that not only facilitated but concealed sex crimes dating back more than a decade. Obviously you think of hip hop, there are a lot of hip hop artists that go get arrested for drugs or violence or you know, something like that. This is sex crimes. What are we talking about? Yeah, the first charge is for sex trafficking. So the prosecution is alleging that combs would lure women into his orbit often, you know, under the pretense of a romantic relationship, and then he would coerce them into commercial sex acts.


So it's not just allegations of interpersonal sexual violence, but it's threatening or forcing someone into commercial sex acts that distinguishes this as trafficking. I spoke with IA Gruber, she's a former defense attorney and a criminal law professor at the University of Southern California, and she said in the past we've often understood trafficking to mean like an exploiter has forced someone to have sex with others for money. But that definition has kind of changed in recent years With these high profile cases like Harvey Weinstein and the NX IM cult case Courts are willing to define commercial sex as an exchange of sex, not just for money, but for anything of value.


So it could be promises to help your career in entertainment. It could be moving up in the hierarchy in the cult, so it could be various things. And That's a really important distinction to make because the big picture that the government is painting here is that combs would exert his power and his influence to promise his alleged victims money. Sure. But also career opportunities. And then he would hold that over them so he would use intimidation and threats and often violence to allegedly get them to do what he wanted. Another thing that Combs is being charged with is transporting to engage in prostitution.


He faces two counts of that, and criminal law professor IA Gruber says those charges are also broader than we might think. It's bringing somebody across state lines either to engage in commercial sex or any act that would be against federal law. So that could include things like trafficking, things like rape, so that encompasses more than just prostitution. So I would assume that it wasn't Combs acting alone and making all of this happen. Yeah, the charge that really ties all of this together is one for racketeering conspiracy.


So it alleges that all of these crimes were able to happen because Combs used his businesses to direct his employees to do things like solicit victims, solicit illicit substances, clean up and conceal alleged criminal activity, including through forced labor, bribery, arson, kidnapping, and obstruction of justice. Now, Combs has pleaded not guilty to all of the charges we've just discussed, But is Combs the only one on trial 'cause conspiracy, you think that involves more people? Yeah, he's the only defendant publicly on the case. That doesn't mean there aren't other employees or associates of his that are being prosecuted. It just means, you know, on the public record, Combs is really the only person on trial for these crimes.


So how did all of this come crashing down for combs? To answer that, we need to back up a little bit. So earlier we heard that audio from the September, 2023 VMAs performance, and you know that ceremony where he got the key to the city of New York, but just two months after that, in November of 2023, his ex-partner, the singer Cassie Ventura, filed a civil lawsuit against Combs for rape, trafficking and physical assault. And basically that lawsuit stated that Ventura met Combs when she was 19 and he was 37, and soon after that she signed a record deal with his label Bad Boy Entertainment, and then she says that he completely took over control of her life, both personal and professional.


She alleges that Combs forced her to take illicit substances, that he forced her to participate in sex with male sex workers while combs masturbated and filmed the encounters, And that he frequently beat her very violently. The lawsuit stated that the beatings were often witnessed by Combs staff and employees. Combs has denied all of the allegations, but that lawsuit really sent shockwaves through pop culture because Combs and Ventura were in an on again, off again relationship for more than a decade. They were like, you know, a very public facing power couple. Within a day of Ventura filing that lawsuit, she and Comb settled out of court for an undisclosed amount, and after Ventura came forward, it kind of opened the doors, like more and more women and men began to file similar civil lawsuits against Combs.


Then in March, 2024, the Department of Homeland Security conducted raids on two of Combs properties, and two months later, CNN released this really shocking hotel surveillance footage that SHO's combs very violently assaulting Ventura. The recording took place in Los Angeles in 2016, and after that video went, public combs posted this on social media. My Behavior on that video is inexcusable. I take full responsibility for my actions in that video. Disgusted. I was disgusted then when I did it, I'm disgusted now. Then in September of 2024, Combs gets arrested in New York City for these criminal charges that we were talking about earlier, sex trafficking, racketeering, conspiracy, and transporting to engage in prostitution.


Okay, So a, and going back to those raids, I mean, you know, it was huge news. Everybody's talking about it. Authorities confiscated weapons, electronics, and then of course everybody's talking about the the thousand bottles of baby oil. And then there's talk of these alleged freak offs, like can you explain what those are? Because part of this has become this idea that, you know, this was like some Hollywood thing, everybody's involved, celebrities everywhere, but what are the actual accusations coming out of the The alleged freak offs? Yeah, the freak offs went a little bit viral online, and there's been a lot of speculation around them, but they are part of these alleged commercial sex acts.


So when we're talking about sex trafficking and transporting to engage in prostitution, the government is describing the freak offs. As part of that, the indictment says that quote, they were elaborate and produced sex performances that combs arranged, directed, masturbated during, and often electronically recorded. Basically, the prosecution is alleging that combs and his associates would transport commercial sex workers across state lines and internationally to participate in the freak offs, And that they often lasted multiple days. Participants were allegedly given controlled substances to quote, keep the victims obedience and compliant. And the prosecution is also alleging that combs coerced alleged victims to participate in the freak offs in a number of ways.


So physical violence was certainly a big part of it. I spoke with Carolyn Guntert, she's a civil law attorney specializing in sexual violence cases, and she said that under the law, the definition of coercion is actually quite expansive. Coercion could be financial coercion, it could be threats of bodily harm, it could be threats to reputation. The law really defines it quite broadly, which is really important. So even like threatening to leak something that would embarrass or professionally harm someone that could potentially be considered coercion here, and these freak offs were allegedly so physically taxing that the indictments as combs and the participants were often given IV fluids afterwards to recover.


The indictment obviously refers to these freak offs, but it sounds like the allegations you're describing are quite serious, even if they have this name that makes it more just sound salacious. And it does sound like this is very involved and complicated. Yeah, I mean, there is the potential that there are other people who will be prosecuted, but the core part of the government's case is that this was allegedly an entire empire working to execute what Combs wanted. And that goes, you know, from finding the alleged victims to booking the hotels, to cleaning up after the freak offs and allegedly using kidnapping bribery and arson to make things go holmes's way and protect his public image. The thing that does complicate this a little bit is that the indictment says some of his employees were victims of his threats and violence themselves.


So criminal law professor IA Gruber said this is kind of key to the racketeering charge because it might make it easier for employees who facilitated and concealed crimes to be willing to testify against combs. It's always been designed as an aid in the government to prosecute people that, you know, they think other people wouldn't testify against. But another sort of clever part of the prosecution plan here is to paint the underlings as victims, right? Because somebody could think, well, you know, this is a person who likes to be close to power, who gets a lot of money for doing bad things for Diddy, and this is sort of a bad actor here.


So Gruber says that like the defense could argue, some of Combs employees are untrustworthy, they're snitches, they went off and committed these crimes on their own, but that by alleging that some of them were coerced into doing these things, it becomes a lot easier for the prosecution to paint a picture of Combs as the head of this very large criminal organization working in his favor. So he's facing these charges alone, and Combs has been held in jail since his arrest in September, right? Yeah, that's right. He's been denied bail multiple times. The judge presiding over the case felt that he was at risk of leaving the country or of harming or intimidating potential witnesses, And that surveillance video of him assaulting Cassie Ventura has come back up a lot.


Leading up to the trial, the prosecution pointed to it as evidence that combs can be violent and should await trial in custody. There's a very vivid description of the video and the indictment, though Ventura is not named, and the prosecution alleges that Combs and his people paid off hotel staff for the footage. So the defense has tried very hard to get that video thrown out as evidence for the trial, but did not succeed. And I should mention that more accounts have been added since Combs was first indicted. NPR reached out to Combs attorneys for comment multiple times leading up to this trial, and they did not get back to us, but they've repeatedly denied the allegations against him in the past, and again, he's pleaded not guilty. They've said all of these sexual encounters were consensual. When we come back, we'll get into Diddy's legacy and why social media is leading some people to question whether he's being set up.


We know how often an allegation of wrongdoing has coincided with the desire to tear down someone who's achieved great power. Stay with us.


This message comes from Capital One. Your business requires commercial banking solutions that prioritize your long-term success with Capital One. Get a full suite of financial products and services tailored to meet your needs today and goals for tomorrow. Learn more at capital one.com/commercial member FDC


Support for this podcast. And the following message come from Mint Mobile. Summer is just around the corner. You may break a sweat, but don't break the bank. Get your summer savings at Mint Mobile Shop Premium wireless plans for just $15 a month at Mint Mobile dot com slash npr. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, tools and Weapons, the podcast hosted by Microsoft's Vice chair and president Brad Smith. Across three exclusive conversations on the company's 50th anniversary, Microsoft CEOs, bill Gates, Steve Balmer, and Satya Nadella. Share the stories, dreams, and drive that fuel the digital revolution and explain why it may be at its most exciting point. Yet. For these and more conversations with other thought leaders, search tools and weapons wherever you listen to podcasts,


this message comes from Viking committed to exploring the world in comfort journey through the heart of Europe on an elegant Viking long ship with thoughtful service, destination focused dining and cultural enrichment on board and on shore. And every Viking voyage is all inclusive with no children and no casinos. Discover more@viking.com.


We're back with Isabella Gomez Armo, talking about Sean Combs, the criminal charges and how he got to this point. So, you know, I grew up huge fan of, at that time it was Puff Daddy and it was Puffy. You know, Sean Combs like I, I read all The hip hop magazines, he was on the covers. I knew his whole history. He has been from, you know, uptown days uptown, record labels to Starting Bad Boys, been a huge part of hip hop and pop culture. How did he get so powerful? Yeah, I mean, like you mentioned, it's a really remarkable story.


He starts out as an intern at Uptown Records in the 1990s, and he rises through the ranks very, very quickly. Uptown founder Andre Harrell was in his corner, Combs gets promoted to talent director at Uptown, which is a, a big role for someone of his age. Then in 1993, he gets fired from uptown, but it doesn't stop him. Instead, he launches his own label, bad Boy Records, and he very quickly becomes a key player behind the scenes. He spearheads the careers of people like the Notorious BIG, Mary j Blige, and eventually Usher. And then at the same time, he starts releasing his own music. So he becomes this big chart topping artist in his own right, and he makes hip hop not, not just culturally significant, but you know, he proves that it's a really profitable and lucrative business and he's ahead of the curve, not just when it comes to music.


He also expands into all kinds of business ventures. He starts a fashion line, he creates these really lucrative partnerships with Ciroc vodka and de tequila. He ventures into reality TV with the show Making the band, he starts Revolt Media. So I mean, he has this big arc throughout the nineties and two thousands where he's like a key player in pop culture. He throws the annual white parties that frame him as like a modern day Gatsby. You know, there are these huge events where everyone wears all white in the Hamptons and in in Beverly Hills, and to get invited to those back then was considered like a status symbol of the upper echelons of celebrity. But you know, now looking back, those parties have kind of taken on a taint because several civil lawsuits alleged that they were the site of sexual assault and commercial sex acts, but for a few decades it was like everything did he touch turned to gold.


He kept recording music, he became a media mogul. He was like untouchable. I mean it there, there are generations of people who grew up looking up to Diddy or looking up to Combs, enjoying his music. If they didn't look up to him, he was just a part of the culture, especially The hip hop culture. How is all of that playing out now? What's, what's the reaction? Yeah, I mean, it's very complicated. My colleague Sidney Madden and I talked to Ad Carson, who's a professor of hip hop at the University of Virginia, and here's how he described it. In a lot of ways, Diddy and folks like him are like the realization of the American dream.


They're avatars of what folks understand to be like black excellence or black achievement. So watching him get taken down, watching him get accused of all of these very serious crimes, it's a very complicated thing. Arianne Nettles is a professor of digital journalism at Florida a and m University, and she says there might be a defensive reaction to the allegations against Combs because of stereotypes about black men in this country. Historically, we do know that there have been times where black men had been unfairly accused of things And that the stereotype of the black man, especially, you know, from slavery and after had been of kind of an oversexualized brute.


And so the hurt from that I think has never really been kind of fixed. And there's some added layers to this because when it comes to hip hop specifically, there's such a long history of it being scapegoated and pathologized as promoting violence and promoting drugs and all of these terrible things. So Nettles and Carson both told me that they understand why it might be difficult for Diddy fans to parse these allegations out, but also they emphasize that it's important to keep in mind that some of these alleged victims are black women who are vulnerable to both racism and sexism. So both Nettles and Carson said it's just really important to center their voices in all of this.


Yeah, I mean, unfortunately, you know, Combs is not the the first hip hop artist to be accused of violence against women or even sexual crimes against women. The the scale of what's being talked about with Combs and then the level of stardom that he has is what sets this apart. The only thing that I can see, kind of similar thing that happened in the past is r Kelly, who's not a rapper, who was a singer huge in pop culture. I mean, he's written so many hit songs for everybody and him himself, and he was charged with racketeering and sex trafficking after many years of rumors about, you know, sexual abuse on his his Count account, and r Kelly was found guilty of both.


But it doesn't seem like that sparked a lot of soul searching in in hip hop or r and b. Do you think that this Holmes case might be different? Yeah, I mean, it's interesting you bring that up because there are a lot of allegations against Combs that are very similar to the r Kelly Case. And like you mentioned, r Kelly was found guilty, he's serving 30 years in prison, but just like that didn't necessarily spark a larger wave of accountability. A lot of the attention on this trial has been focused pretty much entirely on Combs. The question about whether this is gonna be like a Me Too moment within hip hop is a really interesting and nuanced one.


NPRs podcast, louder than a riot reported extensively on hip hop and the Me Too movement, they spoke with activist and organizer, Tarana Burke, who coined the term Me Too, more than two decades ago in her work with young survivors of sexual assault, mostly young women of color. And when they asked if she thought hip hop was part of the 2017 Me Too Reckoning, she said, no. The rapper Lotto also spoke with louder than a riot, and she said that for a real me too movement to happen in hip hop, the men have to come forward. And that's just not necessarily what we're seeing right now. We need the men. We need them to, you know, speak out and call these out when they do some like, yeah, that might be your partner. Y'all might be from the same hood.


Y'all might got a mix tape together or a feature, whatever, but we need them to speak up for us. When it comes to Sean Combs, there are men who've come forward as alleged victims, but we're not really seeing powerful men admit that these things happened or admit that they were aware of the abuse and they should have spoken up or done something to stop it. What we are seeing is women who were in those spaces come forward. So for example, the singer, Dawn Rashard, who has worked with Combs for years, filed her own civil lawsuit of abuse against Combs, but in the suit, Rashard also alleges that she witnessed Combs assault Cassie Ventura on many occasions, including in rooms full of very, very powerful people, and yet nobody spoke up about it.


So this really just goes to illustrate that there's a culture of fear and silence that really surrounded combs for decades, and it's what allowed him to maintain control of his public image. With all the context that you've given us, what will you be thinking about and looking out for as this trial unfolds? Yeah, I mean, I think the main thing is that we're going to finally get to hear from these alleged victims. You know, many of whose identities we don't know, and we're gonna get to hear in their own words what they say happened to them. There's gonna be a lot of disturbing testimony and likely a lot of disturbing footage. It will be a moment of reckoning. You know, how we as a society think about systems of power and how that power often gets abused.


So, you know, if this is going to spark a larger moment or a larger movement, it's gonna require grappling with accountability on many more levels and not just treating this like one bad apple. Isabella, thank you so much for being here today and for all of your work on, on helping us understand this story. Thank you for having me. Aisha. That was NPR music reporter, Isabella Gomez Sarmiento. This episode of The Sunday Story was produced by Andrew Mambo and was edited by Jenny Schmidt. The Mix engineer was Gilly Moon. Fact Checking by Will Chase The Sunday Story team includes Justine Yan and Leanna Strom.


Our executive producer is Irene Nucci. We always love hearing from you, so feel free to reach out to us at The Sunday Story at npr.org. I'm Aisha Roscoe. Upfirst is back in your feed tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week. Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


This message comes from Thrive Market. The food industry is a multi-billion dollar industry, but not everything on the shelf is made with your health in mind. At Thrive Market, they go beyond the standards, curating the highest quality products for you and your family while focusing on organic first and restricting more than 1000 harmful ingredients all shipped to your door. Shop at a grocery store that actually cares for your health@thrivemarket.com slash podcast for 30% off your first order, plus a $60 free gift.


This message comes from Bombas. Nearly 30% of marathoners and their race blistered Bombas, running socks are strategically cushioned. To help, say buy to blisters, brenda Bombas dot com slash NPR and use code NPR for 20% off your first purchase.


This message comes from NPR sponsor one Password, secure access to your online world. From emails to banking so You can protect what matters most with one password. For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/npr.