
NPR has reviewed documents That TikTok, Did not want the public to See. They show TikTok officials describing how habit forming the app can be. And. The company was aware it's much publicized Efforts to protect teenagers weren't effective. I'm Michelle Martin with Steve Inskeep And. This is upfirst from NPR. News. Florida's recovery from Hurricane Milton is underway as vast as some of the damage is. It could have been worse. Forecasters warned of an enormous storm surge That didn't happen, which is good. But why was the forecast wrong? Also SpaceX wants to test launch the biggest rocket ever made. But the EPA wants a word. The company is spraying enormous amounts of water under the rocket as It launches.


So what happens when That tainted water flows into surrounding wetlands? stay with us. We've got the News. You. need to start your day


Support for NPR And. The following message come from GoodRx. This cold And flu season. GoodRx can help you find discounts on the flu vaccine. Cold And flu medications And your everyday prescriptions too. With GoodRx, you can compare prescription prices. ET over 70,000 pharmacies. And instantly Find discounts of up to 80%. Even If. you have insurance or Medicare GoodRx may beat your copay price. Stay prepared for cold And flu season with GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ upfirst.


This message comes from HubSpot. Growing a business means a lot of audience attracting lead scoring And long days. But with HubSpot, it's easier than ever. For marketers to remix content, boost leads And score. Customers fast. Learn more. ET hubspot.com/marketers.


This message comes from Capital one. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One NA member FD I C.


Secret documents show TikTok officials describing how habit forming the app can be for teens. And. The documents state officials say a teenager could become addicted to TikTok after 35 minutes on the app, That is according to previously hidden portions of a lawsuit filed by the Kentucky Attorney General's office. Kentucky Public Radio, And, NPR have reviewed dozens of pages of the lawsuit. That were blacked out from public view. NPR tech correspondent Bobby Allen has been reading. Hi there Bobby. Hey Steve. How was this secret material made public? It was a huge mistake. Kentucky was one of 14 attorneys, general That have been investigating TikTok for two years over child safety.


you know, sent the company subpoenas, obtained reams of internal communications, And internal studies, ET, tiktoks request, Kentucky And. The other states redacted privileged And confidential parts of the suit. This is pretty common in lawsuits, but in Kentucky, the blacking out Did not work. Hmm. And. Our colleague, Sylvia Goodman ET, Kentucky Public Radio, figured this out when she tried to copy And paste a blacked out portion, which usually does nothing. Sure. But here Steve, it worked. When she Did it, the stuff behind the the blacked out portions were revealed. So since then, We have been reviewing large swaths of the suit. That were never intended to see the light of day Yeah.


So what have you found? It's been pretty startling. This material is quite damning. And. Again, these details have not been made public before, including company officials admitting And these internal messages. That features like a time on app reminder, are not expected to reduce screen time as advertised, but instead aimed ET improving public trust. Ah, there was an internal TikTok document. That found the exact number of videos it took before someone formed a habit. 200 And 60 videos. And, Kentucky authorities said That could boil down to just spending 35 minutes on the app.


Since the videos are so short on TikTok, you know, 4, 5, 6, 7 seconds long, you're flying by on this app. Another section described how TikTok has demoted what they deem as unattractive people off the main feed And. Instead, the app is promoting what the company sees as attractive users. Another document Steve quotes, a TikTok executive talking about the app's algorithm potentially addicting miners And. This quote here really stuck with me. The executive says, We need to think about how the app might deprive young people of opportunities. Quote And. When I say other opportunities, I literally mean sleep. And eating And moving around the room, And looking ET. Someone in the eyes.


Ow. I mean That. Quote from a TikTok executive hurts. But what has TikTok said now, That, its internal words have been made. Public I reached out to them. And a TikTok spokesman condemned NPR for reporting on information under Seal And to clarify, the documents are now sealed, but when We obtained them, they were indeed public And. Anyone you or I or anyone else would've been able to see through these redactions If. you just went to the docket. And pulled them. Besides That, TikTok said the company has robust safeguards. And That. They proactively remove underage users. And have voluntarily launched safety features like parental controls. And beefed up privacy for minors under 16 Yeah.


So what do the new revelations mean for these lawsuits? Lawsuit Yeah. Well, these cases will be unfolding for many months to come, but the new internal communications We have from TikTok provide what the states will likely be showcasing ET trial. And. The states here are trying to portray a company they say hooked an entire generation of young people to an app misled the public. And buried its own research about a whole host of harms. And instead pursued growth. And profits. NPR tech correspondent Bobby Allen breaking a huge story here in connection with one of our local affiliates, Kentucky Public Radio. Bobby, thanks so much. Thank you. Steve.


Cleanup is underway in Florida from hurricane Milton. Millions Are still without power. ET least eight deaths have been attributed to the storm. Five people died when tornadoes touched down in a retirement community in St. Lucie County on Florida's east coast. So this was a serious storm, though, not as bad as some feared N Ps. Greg Allen went through the storm. He's in St. Petersburg, either there Greg. Hi Steve. I was watching the forecasts. Storm surge was expected of as much as 15 feet. In some places, And ET least That didn't happen. Why not? Well, you know, just a few days ago, Milton was one of the most powerful hurricanes ever seen in the Gulf of Mexico. But as It approached land, it Did some things That hurricanes often do. It made this jog.


In this case, It was one. That took it south of Tampa Bay, which is an area that's really vulnerable to storm surge Yeah. The hurricane Also weakened a bit, but even so, it hit the coast with 125 mile per hour winds. But the effect was That. The storm surge was much less than was That was forecast. It was just five to 10 feet above ground level in the area where It made landfall. Tampa Bay, as It turned out, had very little surge. Here's Governor DeSantis. You Did have storm surge in Sarasota, Venice, Charlotte Harbor, And, all the way down the west coast of Florida. And And, some significant storm surge, but not the worst case scenario of what We were looking. ET Milton Did a lot of damage, but far less than what was feared. Yeah. And I. Want to pause to respect those who Did suffer damage.


I know it is serious. I know some lives were lost. But what have you seen around Tampa And St. Pete? Well, here there are a lot of limbs, And trees down. But for the most part, the buildings, And. Other infrastructure held up pretty well against the winds. A construction crane in St. Petersburg topple into a building And. Then the fiberglass roof of the baseball stadium was shredded Yeah, but homes on the whole Did pretty well in St. Petersburg. I talked to Jenna And Michael about what she was seeing in her neighborhood. There's definitely some with trees on their roofs. Like when We were driving by. We saw some That significantly have damage, but for the most part it looks like it's mostly down power lines down to trees, down fences, And, not catastrophic. Damage to homes. She had a 50 foot oak tree fall on her property.


Thankfully, ET missed her house though. Ve Did hear you say though, yesterday, 19 inches of rain in St. Petersburg among other places can That lead to flooding And days to come. Right? That's what we're watching for now. A number of rivers across Florida are rising. And are expected to flood And. They have been flooding, not just on the coast, but Also in central Florida. The St. Petersburg area, like you say, got so much rain in one neighborhood. Melissa Anderson said she spent the day using towels, blankets, even t-shirts to stop the water from coming into her house. Water was just coming into the bottom of the house. Faithfully just kept coming. And coming, And coming until We couldn't stop it anymore. The whole bottom floor Yeah, You know, like other people in the neighborhood, her house is not in a flood zone. And, she doesn't have flood insurance.


Ouch. Which raises another question, Greg. Second big storm in weeks are people get fed up with living in such a hurricane prone area. Well, you know, that's always the question We have here in Florida, especially after these really destructive storms the people I talk with in St. Petersburg all seem to take Milton in their stride. I think one reason That Did a lot less damage than Helene And. So people went through That. They said this one wasn't so bad. They all didn't have power yesterday. But one homeowner said, you know, you learn how to deal with it if you've lived in Florida long enough. She said, you learn. It's s just part of the nature of the state. Yeah And. It has other pleasures of being there without a doubt. Greg, thanks so much. You're welcome. That's NPRs Greg Allen, who is in St. Petersburg, Florida. This morning, SpaceX is preparing a test launch of the largest rocket ever made.


It's Called Starship And. The company hopes It could lift off as soon as Sunday from South Texas. Despite concerns That, it may damage the surrounding area. NPR science correspondent Jeff Brumfield is here. Jeff, good morning. Good morning. What's the problem? Well, the first thing to know is That SpaceX's launchpad is actually in the middle of a major wildlife preserved down there in Texas. It's home to hundreds of thousands of shorebirds sea turtles, And, other species And. The launchpad is right up against a sand flat where birds love to nest. I was out there last month with Justin Le Claire, a conservation biologist with the nonprofit Coastal Bays bends And estuaries program. And. As We walked through the dunes next to the pad, he pointed out lots of debris.


So you can see some rebar kind of poking up through the grass all over. Over here. It was basically a, you know, a minefield of debris out here. After That first flight test, That first flight test, the rocket was so powerful it actually blew up its own launchpad, And to keep That from happening again. SpaceX sprays nearly 200,000 gallons of water in this sort of incredible massive fountain under the rocket during the launch. So That prevents the pad from blowing up, but it's created a new problem. The water isn't contained, it just flows out onto the flats Quite a lot. Does spill off? Either is projected off or, or kind of runs off Yeah. I'm trying to get my brain around That amount.


It's hard to conceive of That number, but it's not a bucket full. It's not a bathtub. It's an unbelievable flow of water. Is this allowed? No. Under the Clean Water Act, SpaceX needs to have a special industrial wastewater permit. NPR reviewed documents, And correspondence between the company And regulators. And found. They were told multiple times to get the permit by the EPA earlier this year, but they kept launching even after the EPA told them twice. This violated the law. Finally, in July, they Did apply for the permit from Texas regulators, but they've been fined roughly $150,000 by state And federal regulators for the violations And. That's what's been holding up this launch.


Yeah I. Do wanna note, we're re talking about wetlands And. This is water. Is this water in some way hazardous? Now, SpaceX has put out a lengthy statement about this whole situation. They say this is a paperwork issue. The water being used is drinking water. And That is true. But experts I spoke to said it's not true. That, the water is drinkable after It comes in contact with the exhaust of the largest rocket ever built in its permit application. SpaceX submitted some tests. It had done And. Those showed high levels of dissolved solids, zinc And, something called hexavalent chromium. None of this you wanna drink according to experts And. It's not particularly good for the environment.


Still, it does appear regulators are willing to let this next launch go forward. So long as SpaceX does some testing, And shares its results after the launch. What happens now? So this next flight is really high stakes. The Rocket's giant booster is going to come back. And try And Land ET the launch pad. That's important for SpaceX for their plans to make Starship reusable. Of course, if it goes wrong, That means more debris is gonna end up spread across the wetlands when the booster explodes. Wow. Jeff, thanks so much for the update. Thank you. That's NPS Jeff Brumfield And. That's upfirst for this Friday, October 11th.


I'm Steve Inskeep And DM hel Martin And. Don't forget upfirst. Hes on the weekend too. Aisha Roscoe And, Scott Simon have the News. It will be wherever you get your podcast. Today's upfirst was edited by Louis Clemens, Gigi d band, Gisele Grayson, Roberta Rampton, Ali Schweitzer, Alice Wolfley It was produced by Paige Waterhouse, Christopher Thomas And. Anna We Get Engineering Support from Carly Strange And. Our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us Monday. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks?


Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music. Or you can Also Support NPRs vital journalism And. Get upfirst plus ET plus npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Lisa. Good sleep should come naturally And with the new natural hybrid mattress. It can A collaboration between Lisa And West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex. Natural wool And certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary. And Support. A greener tomorrow plus every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters. And those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting s just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to Mint Mobile dot com slash switch.