
Former coach Tim Walls gave the Democratic Convention a pep talk. We got 76 days. That's nothing. There'll be time to sleep when you're dad. We're gonna leave it on the field. How did he introduce himself? I'm Steve Inskeep with Layla Faddle. And this is upfirst from NPR News. In a brief campaign, vice President Harris brought her party new energy and money and a clear lead in polling averages. Tonight she addresses the convention and the country. So how does she describe what she would do if elected? And a new survey of Gen Z finds that lots of teens don't feel challenged and don't think they're being prepared for the future.


The big gap in optimism between kids planning to go to college and those who are not. stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor BetterHelp. When your schedule is packed with kids activities or big work projects and you feel like you have no time for yourself, self-care, non-negotiables like therapy are more important than ever. If you are thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try and get 10% off your first month at BetterHelp HE p.com/npr.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions so you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Comedy Central's. the Daily Show reminding you that not all elections are created equal. Some are much, much worse than others. The political climate may be hotter than ever, but John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are barely breaking a sweat as they make sense of political nonsense Every weeknight. Comedy Central's, the Daily Show continuing 2024 election coverage weeknights at 11 on Comedy Central.


Tim Walls has been a national figure for barely two weeks. Yeah, that's all the time that's passed since Vice President Harris chose Minnesota's governor as her running mate. He's now familiar for his Minnesota accent and his mockery of the Republican ticket. And last night he had a chance to tell the country more about who he Is. NPR political reporter, Elena Morris, here to talk about it all. Good morning. Good morning. Okay, so this was Tim Wall's moment to introduce himself to the nation, a primetime debut. How did he do it? Well, his speech was part rally and cry for Vice President Harris and Part Introduction. He's an Army National Guard veteran turned teacher and high school football coach turned politician, but the coach role is the one he leaned into.


You know, as he spoke, the crowd chanted and held up signs that said Coach Walls. He also ticked through many of the same issues that we hear Harris talk about, but he added his own Midwestern flare In Minnesota. We respect our neighbors and the personal choices they make. And even if we wouldn't make those same choices for ourselves, we've got a golden rule. Mind your own damn business. Own. And there he's talking about protecting reproductive rights. A major issue for democratic voters. Yeah, and we heard a lot about Neighborliness last night. Now, before he was Governor Walls was a congressman.


He won as a Democrat in a part of Minnesota that was deeply read, flipped a Republican seat. What about him appeals to voters beyond the Democratic base? Well, waltz gives off a different vibe that might appeal to folks outside of Democrats orbit. You know, he's a camo wearing gun owner who's into dad rock. And above all, you know, he's leaning into his Midwestern roots. And that's exactly where Democrats hope he can excel. You know, in Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, those blue wall states that Harris needs in order to win the White House. And we heard some of that message in his speech. This is the part clip, and save it and send it to your undecided relatives so they know if you're middle class family or a family trying to get into the middle class, Kamala Harris is gonna cut your taxes.


Now there were some heavy hitters on stage last night. Former President Bill Clinton, former speaker Nancy Pelosi. There's also a surprise appearance from Oprah Winfrey. What was that like? I mean, it was Oprah. I mean, I was, I was in the audience and the crowd went wild when she walked in. Please welcome Oprah Winfrey. In her speech, she really called for unity. When a house is on fire, we don't ask about the homeowner's race or religion. We don't wonder who their partner is or how they voted. No. We just try to do the best we can to save them. And you know, Layla Oprah's no stranger to talking politics.


She endorsed former President Barack Obama in 2007, and she kept backing Democrats since then. And this is her first appearance at the DNC. Well, A lot of the night was about celebrating the Harris Walls ticket. It also had some really serious moments. Tell us more about that. Yeah. Earlier in the evening we heard from the parents of Hirsch Goldberg, Poland, a young American being held hostage by Hamas in Gaza. It was a really emotional moment and the crowd was noticeably moved. But there was also controversy because leaders of the national uncommitted movement who have delegates at the convention had been pushing for a Palestinian American to have a speaking spot as well to also highlight what's happening to the people in Gaza.


and that request was denied. This is a group that has urged Democrats to support a ceasefire in the war and have called for a US arms embargo on Israel. And this hits at a problem for Democrats. You know, they need Arab American, Muslim, and progressive voters in order to win. But these are the same voters most turned off by the US policy on the war. That's NPRs Elena Moore. Thanks Elena. Thank you. Vice President Harris makes her bid to unify the Democrats coalition tonight.


She Delivers her convention speech. Her short campaign has allowed Harris to reach this point while saying, much less than most candidates have about how she would govern. So where does she take the party? Now? NPR White House correspondent Deepa Shira has been covering Harris and joins us from Chicago. Hi Deepa. Hey, good morning. So we know a little bit about her economic plans, but not much else. Will Vice President Harris lay out a vision tonight? I mean, I think the important point to make here is that this is still the vice president, right? And she's been number two to President Biden for the last four years. So his policy agenda has been her policy agenda too. And they've been lockstep on all these major issues this election, like border security, the economy, reproductive rights, and even foreign policy like the war in Gaza.


But what Harris now has the ability to do is she runs her own presidential campaign, albeit a very short one, is to navigate some of this with a little more authority and to frame it the way she wants to use the language she wants. And Harris being a younger candidate than Biden and bringing all this energy and money that the party didn't have just two months ago, she's been able to try and frame this election as a choice about the future and what a Harris presidency could build rather than what Trump offers. She has a phrase that crowds have now been chanting at rallies and at the DNC this week in Chicago, which is, you know, we're not going back. But none of that is very specific.


I mean, how come, Yeah, just last week in a speech from North Carolina, Harris talked about her agenda on lowering costs, the cost of groceries and prescription drugs and housing giving people who are trying to own a home credits to help them expanding the child tax credit, helping families with newborn babies. These kinds of things are top issues for Harris. And there has been interest and questions about what Harris's foreign policy or criminal justice policy would look like, but so far what she's put out is not like a detailed agenda that Republicans have put forward. But why hasn't she laid all that out? Well, look, partly a matter of time, right?


This is a very truncated presidential campaign and we could see more policy as the weeks go on. But partly this is a strategy, Layla, I mean, according to Doug Sosnick, he was a former advisor to former president Bill Clinton. If you're laying out too much specifics, it does give the other side something to shoot at. And Sosnick told me that the most successful candidates, you know, connect with voters emotionally rather than intellectually. It's more important that Harris lays out to voters who she is and the values she stands for. So these broader visions for the country that Harris has been talking about, he says makes more sense from a political strategy perspective rather than laying out policy papers.


Right. Although voters may wanna know exactly what her policies are in terms of her speech tonight, then what are you expecting to hear from her? I mean, keep in mind this is, you know, still a presidential campaign and, and Harris is very new to the country and to a lot of voters. So a lot of this is going to be biographical explaining who she is, her story, and she'll be talking about her time as a prosecutor, the criminals she took on in California. And there's also gonna be elements of patriotism here. And of course that contrast to Donald Trump. NPR R'S Deepa Shi Room. Thank you. Thank you.


Dunno about your household, but my kids are getting ready to return to school and a new survey finds that many teenagers do not feel challenged in school. They worry they're not being prepared for the future. NPRs Cory Turner's been looking at the results. Corey, good morning. Good morning, Steve. Which group of kids are we talking about? We are talking about Gen Z. So these are teens and young adults between 12 and 27. Okay. Although I am just gonna focus on those who are now in middle and high school. So this survey is part of a, a relatively new project from Gallup and the Walton Family Foundation. And two quick disclosures here. Steve Walton is a funder of NPR and I have a Gen Z in my house who I love very much.


Same. So we got skin in the game, but, but We're gonna, there We go. Call it straight. Go ahead. The big headline for me from this survey is the Gen Z teens are feeling less engaged by school. Nearly every measure of school engagement on this survey declined this year compared to last year. For example, big drop in how many students say they recently learned something interesting at school? Hmm. Now, obviously kids are not always gonna love school, but a 10 point drop in one year among the same kids that's worrying something Happened according to this survey that makes them feel they're getting less out of the experience. What's behind that?


Well, it's not entirely clear. One thing that caught my eye though, is a big engagement divide between teens who say they plan to go to college and those who don't. So of those planning to go to college, which is about half of Gen Z teens, the overwhelming majority say they have a great future ahead. They're optimistic, but more than four in 10 Gen Z students say they don't have college plans and they are a lot less optimistic. Now, obviously there are a bunch of reasons for this gap, but it is not because you have to go to college to feel good about the future, Although there is a kind of path that feels clear to many people of going to college and getting a good job.


Maybe a little less so in the other way. But what are the reasons behind the optimism gap? Well, I think part of the problem here, Steve, is schools aren't doing a good job laying out that path. You know, the students who say they don't wanna go to college, say their K 12 schools aren't helping them. Imagine the lives they do want. For example, only about 40% of non-college bound gen Zs say they feel challenged in class in a good way. They're also less likely than college bound teens to say there's an adult at school who makes them feel excited about the future or even encourages them to pursue their dreams. Part of the problem these teens say is, school staff spend a lot of time talking about college but not alternatives.


Here's Zach Romanowski, he's a senior education researcher at Gallup. Even the kids who are like, I don't want to go to college. What are they hearing the most about college? We're not talking to 'em about apprenticeships, internships, starting a business, entrepreneurial aspirations, jobs that don't require a college degree. Now, Steve, in school's defense, I should say this mismatch was largely born out of good intentions, wanting kids to believe college can be for anyone. Yeah. And this is part of a big national discussion. People emphasize that your life is much better, you make more money over time if you have a college degree. But do educators need to change their message for the large number of Americans who just aren't gonna go to college? I mean, I will say there has been a lot more talk in recent years about what's called career and technical education.


It was a big priority under President Trump. Under President Biden, I should also say Minnesota government. Tim Walls, vice President Harris's running mate last year eliminated the need for a college diploma for three quarters of his state's government jobs. Yeah, still this survey makes clear lots of teens want to dream big just without college and schools need to do better by Them. NPR education correspondent Corey Turner. Thanks for the insights, Corey. You are welcome, Steve, and good luck to the kid. And that's upfirst for Thursday, August 22nd. I'm Layla Fadden. And I'm Steve Inskeep. Tonight, check out NPRs live special coverage from the Democratic Convention in Chicago, Scott Dero and the NPR Politics podcast team.


Tick, tick off Scott Dero. I dunno. He might kick you Off. It's just pissing people off everywhere. Something, something might tick you off in the coverage. But in any case, they're going to kick off our coverage at nine o'clock Eastern time, six o'clock Pacific. You can watch live in the NPR app or just go to npr.org or YouTube and you can always listen on your local NPR station. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Krishna Dove, caller, Roberta Rampton, Adriana Gallardo, Jana Williams, and Alice Wolfley. Yesterday's episode was edited by Padama, who we forgot to mention, although we mentioned the others. Yeah, that's true. Today's episode was produced by Ziad Butch Nia Dumas and Nina Kravinsky We. get engineering support from Hannah Gluvna And.


our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us again tomorrow if you say so. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's


plus.npr.org. This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like The power to do investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC


support for NPR. And the following message come from Bombas. Bombas makes absurdly soft socks underwear and T-shirts. And for every item you purchase, Bombas donates another to someone facing homelessness. Get 20% off your first purchase at bombas.com/npr and use code NPR.