
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is resigning after facing mounting calls to step down After a landslide victory during his first run as Prime Minister, how did he become so unpopular? I mean Martinez, that's Michelle Martin, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Nearly half of the detainees have been released from the US military base at Guantanamo Bay Cuba. Only 15 men remain what led to the dramatic transfers in the final weeks of the Biden administration And major changes are coming to the Minneapolis Police Department almost five years after the murder of George Floyd. We now have a roadmap for reform that will help this community heal while strengthening trust between law enforcement and the people they serve.


Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from a DT with Trusted Neighbor, the new standard in home access through the A DT plus app grant and automate event-based or scheduled access for neighbors, friends and helpers. Notify trusted individuals of events and set access windows for guests without interrupting your day. Visit adt.com when every second counts count on a DT requires a DT Complete pro monitoring plan and compatible devices. Copyright 2025 A-D-T-L-L-C. All rights reserved.


Canada's prime minister Justin Trudeau has announced he's resigning, capping almost a decade in power. The 53-year-old face calls from all corners of the country to step down over his handling of the economy, immigration, and other issues. Now it's a far cry from 2015 when he was first elected in a landslide. NPR international affairs correspondent Jackie Northam has been following Trudeau's rise and fall over the years and she's with us now to tell us more about it. Good morning, Jackie. Morning, Michelle. Jackie. They've been calls for months now for Trudeau to resign even from members of his own liberal party. What happened? Well, momentum had been building for some time for him to step aside his, his poll numbers and the parties are in the low twenties. A couple of weeks ago, Christa Freeland, who was both his deputy Prime minister and finance minister resigned and she had been a key steadfast ally for Trudeau and frankly, he faced a no confidence vote and it was pretty clear he was going to lose that and he likely wanted to get ahead of it.


So he announced his resignation. This is quite a fall for somebody who, you know, more than nine years ago, had a landslide victory during his first run as Prime Minister. Just tell us more about him. Well, you're right. I mean he, he won by a landslide. You know, he had or has matinee Idol looks. He was tall, athletic, his face grace, the covers of magazines around the world. And he just energized the 2015 elections. And he had brought appeal for voters, especially young voters. It was the same type of popularity that his father Pierre Elliot Trudeau had. And he was twice Prime Minister and he was also a charismatic figure. Justin Trudeau also promoted social causes such as gender equality, and there was an equal number of women and men in his first cabinet.


Also, more taxes on the wealthy, more effort to protect the environment. So a progressive agenda that the public seemed to embrace at the time that he was elected and seemed warmly embraced it. What happened? Why has he become so unpopular? Well, within a few years of first being elected, it was pretty clear that honeymoon was over. There were scandals resignations in his cabinet. Now, he did get good marks for his handling of the Covid pandemic, but you know, the country never really seemed to rebound. And Canada now is experiencing many of the issues that we see here in the us high inflation housing shortages. I spoke with Nick Nanos with Nanos Research, which is a leading polling firm based in Ottawa, and he said that there was also a backlash against immigration.


Here he is, Although Canadians are supportive of immigrants, they were not supportive of the level of immigration that the liberals had. And this created a significant stress on the housing market. It put significant stress on the healthcare education. And you know, Michelle, all of these issues came together and affected Trudeau's popularity. And this decision to resign comes justice. As President-elect, Donald Trump is due to head back to the White House in the us The two leaders have not had the best relationship. So what is the next Canadian leader gonna have to deal with? Well, you're right. It's never been an easy relationship between the two leaders. And since the presidential election, Trump has been needling, Trudeau suggesting Canada become the 51st state and calling Trudeau a governor rather than a prime minister.


And more importantly, Trump is threatening to impose 25% tariffs on many Canadian products. Now, Trudeau will still have to deal with Trump as he's staying on his prime minister until the liberal party chooses a new leader, new leader. But it's quite likely that Trump will be dealing with someone from the Conservative party after that. That is N p's. Jackie Northam. Jackie, thank you. Thank you. The number of people being held at the US Military Court in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba has been cut nearly in half. Yeah, that's after the Biden administration transferred 11 detainees to Oman yesterday. It's part of Joe Biden's final push to try and close the detention facility before leaving office.


NPR Sasha Pfeiffer has been covering Guantanamo for years and she's with us now to tell us more about it. Good morning, Sasha. Good morning, Michelle. Who are these 11 people? All of them are men, all are from Yemen. All were captured after the nine 11 attacks and all are former Al-Qaeda, according to the Pentagon, all had also been held for more than two decades without charge or trial. Now, eventually they were approved for transfer after national security officials said they weren't dangerous enough to keep holding. And they had been approved for transfer for at least two years, sometimes much longer, once since 2010. But they had stayed behind bars due to diplomatic and political challenges like resistance to releasing them. And the really difficult slow process of finding countries to take them, the problem is they could not go back to their home country of Yemen because it's unstable.


So the US had to negotiate with another country to take them. Finally, Oman agreed to do that. It says it will give them jobs, housing, other supports. Some of them will be monitored for security reasons and also face travel restrictions. And for Guantanamo, the end result is just 15 prisoners are held there now. Well, you know, so Democrats have been trying to close this facility for years and the Biden administration had four years to do this. What tell us about this last minute flurry of transfers weeks before leaving office. How did this all come together? A and it really has been a flurry. You know, in recent weeks, four other Guantanamo prisoners were released. We know of at least one more transfer in the works. This is partly Biden racing to fulfill his goal of closing Guantanamo.


A less charitable view is that it would've taken more political courage to do this when he was not a lame duck. But now that he's on his way out, it's easier to do hard and controversial things. I do wanna note that yesterday's 11 prisoner transfer almost happened in October, 2023, but it was called off after the October 7th Hamas attack because some members of Congress were worried about midi stability. So finally in these final weeks, that plan got resurrected. It's also motivated by Trump returning. Trump has said he wants to keep Guantanamo open. So the assumption is that once Trump is back in the White House there, there may be no more Guantanamo transfers under him and Michelle at some level, it's also Biden acknowledging that Guantanamo has been a failed legal system.


As you know, there's still been no nine 11 trial more than two decades after the September 11th, 2001 attacks. There's worldwide criticism of Guantanamo as a human rights embarrassment because of the unlawful detention happening there. It's also really expensive, $15 million per year per prisoner. That is way more than a federal supermax. It's as Biden saying, it's time to shut the place down. Well, As you've been reporting for all this time, a very complicated kind of moral, political and legal issue. So what's been the reaction to this? It Tends to be predictable along party lines. Republicans claim this is like releasing terrorists. Democrats say this should have happened a long time ago. It's a moral stand on America. They say this is complicated by the new fresh upheaval in the Middle East because there's some concern these men could end up back on a battlefield somewhere.


But remember, national security officials has made the decision. These men no longer pose a significant threat. I got a more hybrid or nuanced view from Scott Ream of the Center for victims of torture. He's glad the men were released, but he says it could and should have happened sooner. And he says, because it didn't happen sooner times are now running out on transferring others before Trump comes into office. Releasing this many men in just a few weeks makes clear what could have been done over the rest of the last four years had the administration acted then with the same urgency and commitment that it's acting now. Now Sasha, before we let you go, could you remind us of the history of the Guantanamo Prison and how many people have been held there over the years?


The prison and the military court were set up to prosecute suspected foreign terrorists After the September 11th, 2001 attacks. The first prisoners arrived in January, 2002. Over the years, a little under 800 people have passed through there. Most were never charged yet held for years. The majority were eventually repatriated to their home countries or resettled in other countries. They're now 15 left all of them racing. The clock is Trump is about to get into office and the commonality among the 15 left is that If you're not out by January 20th, you're expected probably not to get out. That is NPR. Sasha Pfeiffer. Sasha, thank you. You're Welcome.


The Minneapolis City Council has voted unanimously to enter an agreement with the US Department of Justice to reform the city's police department. The consent decree is intended to address decades of discriminatory policing. Nearly five years ago, George Floyd was murdered by a Minneapolis police officer, which sparked protests around the country and around the world. Minnesota public radios, as still team are Wilcox, is with us now to talk about the agreement and what it proposes to do. Good morning, Estelle. Good morning, Michelle. So the Justice Department began its scrutiny of the Minneapolis Police Department just after George Floyd was killed. What did they find that led to this consent decree? Well, they found a pattern of racial discrimination and excessive use of force, particularly against black and Native American people.


They also noted inappropriate responses when people were experiencing a behavioral health crisis. City officials have been in talks with the Department of Justice since then to try to reach this consent agreement and the state at the same time reached a separate settlement with the city about a year ago. Also mandating several reforms which the department is now working towards. Yeah, may the Mayor Jacob Fry said the agreement set a clear path forward for police in the community. What's in it? Well, the department will have to draft a new use of force policy. It bans choke holds and neck restraints and limits the use of pepper spray. One of the big concerns centered around investigations into a complaint against an officer.


Those will now continue even if an officer quits or retires. Assistant Attorney General Kristin Clark called the settlement a critical step for constitutional policing. George Floyd's death was not just a tragedy, it was a galvanizing force for the city and for the nation. All eyes remain on Minneapolis. And with this consent decree, we now have a roadmap for reform that will help this community heal while strengthening trust between law enforcement and the people they serve. You know, I wanna mention here that this agreement is the 16th policing settlement that the Justice Department is currently enforcing. That's according to your Assistant Attorney General Kristen Clark.


Do these agreements work? Well, Clark says they do, and she noted success stories in other cities that have consent decrees like Seattle, which she said drastically reduced the use of force. And New Orleans, which reached its lowest rate of critical incidents in 2023. And here in Minneapolis, lots of police accountability activists were actually pushing for a consent decree. Michelle Gross was one of them. We have to have this agreement. Even if it isn't ideal, even if it isn't perfect, we need this agreement to go forward. Even so activists say it's not an end all solution to police brutality. And the city council, as you were noting, voted unanimously to enact this consent decree. And what happens now?


Well, once a federal judge signs it, it'll go into effect and advocates are hoping that will happen before Donald Trump's inauguration because Trump's last administration opposed using consent decrees. Once it's enacted, a federal judge and an independent monitor will oversee progress on it and it'll stay in effect until the federal courts decide that all the conditions have been met, which could be years from now. That is Minnesota Public Radios, Estelle t Mark Wilcox. Estelle, thank you so much for joining us. You're welcome. And that's Upfirst for Tuesday, January 7th. I'm Michelle Martin And I'm a Martinez.


Remember, You can listen to this podcast sponsor free while financially supporting public media with upfirst Plus. Learn more at plus dot NPR dot org. That's p us dot NPR dot org.


Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Nick Spicer, Barrie Hardymon, Cheryl Corley, Janaea Williams and Ellis Wolfley. It was produced by Ziad bch, Nia Dumas and Ben Abrams. We get engineering support from David Greenburg and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. We hope you'll join us again


tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music,


or You can also support NPRs vital journalism and get upfirst plus@plusdonpr.org. That's plus.npr.org. NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone.


Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect my public media.org.


Public media counts on your support to ensure that the reporting and programs you depend on thrive. Make a recurring donation today to get special access to more than 20 NPR podcasts. Perks like sponsor free listening, bonus episodes, early access, and more. So start supporting what you love today@plus.npr.org.