
Donald Trump survived a second apparent assassination attempt. A gunman hid in the brush with an AK 47 as the former president golfed at his club in Florida. What do we know about how this happened? I'm Steve Inskeep with Layla Fal, and this is upfirst from NPR News. Venezuela's government claims the CIA plotted to kill its President. The United States says that story is completely false. Does the accusation have anything to do with America's push for Nicolas Maduro to leave power and The future of TikTok in the US will be decided in court. A case begins today over a planned federal ban that will take effect next year unless China sells the app.


What precedent does this set for free speech? So stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One NA member FDIC


support for npr And the following message come from Betterment The. automated investing and savings app, CEO. Sarah Levy shares how Betterment utilizes tech tools powered by human advice. Betterment is here to help customers build wealth their way, and we provide powerful technology and complete human support where technology can deliver ease of use and affordability. And the people behind that technology can provide advice and guidance. Learn more at Betterment dot com. Investing involves risk performance, not guaranteed.


This message comes from NPR sponsors Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage Shopify is there to help you grow, sell without needing to code or design. Just bring your best ideas and Shopify will help you open up shop. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash npr.


A man is in custody after what the FBI says was an apparent attempt to assassinate former President Donald Trump while he was golfing yesterday in West Palm Beach, Florida. Police arrested Ryan Wesley Ruth as he fled north in his vehicle on Interstate 95. If it is confirmed that this was an assassination attempt, it is the second against Trump Secret Service. Special agent Rafael Barro spoke yesterday at a news conference. The Threat level is high. We have increased the amount of assets that we've supported. We live in danger Times. NPR is Greg Allen joins us now from West Palm Beach. Hi Greg. Good morning.


So how close did this alleged gunman get to former President Trump? Palm Beach County Sheriff Rick Bradshaw said yesterday that Trump was about three to 400 yards away when a Secret Service agent saw the alleged gunman at the tree line at the golf course. The weapon he left behind, which is identified as an AK 47, was equipped with a scope and rap Bradshaw said that would put the president within range, but he had only praise with how the Secret Service handled the president's security yesterday. They have an agent that jumps one hole ahead of time to where the president was at, and he was able to spot this rifle barrel sticking out of the fence and immediately engaged that individual at which time the individual took off.


You know, when Ruth fled, he left behind the rifle, a couple of backpacks and a GoPro that was attached to the fence that was apparently there to record the events. A bystander got a photo of his car and police did arrest him a little later as he was driving north. And what do we know about Ruth Ryan? Wesley Ruth has a record of arrests mostly for minor offenses, but he also has a felony on his record for illegally possessing a machine gun from his social media history. He says he supported Trump in 2016, but later express support for other candidates, including Nikki Haley and Kamala Harris. He was particularly active around the cause of providing support for Ukraine and its war against Russia. The New York Times interviewed him last year about his efforts to recruit people, including former Afghan soldiers to fight in Ukraine.


Ruth doesn't have any military experience of his own, but said on social media he was willing to fight and die in Ukraine. He told the times that he's wanted to do whatever it takes to get Afghans who had fought against the Taliban into Ukraine, including making fake passports and paying off officials if necessary. But that's not a scheme that apparently went anywhere. Now, this apparent assassination attempt comes just nine weeks after a different assassination attempt given security was already likely beefed up. How could someone with a rifle get so close to the former president? Right. Well, you know, as you know, the FBI, I mean the Secret Service was criticized for not acting quickly enough in that earlier attempt on Trump's life. This time, they did spot the threat quickly and deal with it quickly.


But that golf club Trump International in West Palm is a difficult place for the secret service to provide security. And it's right next to two busy roads that have only fences and shrubbery in between Palm Beach. And Sheriff said if Trump were a sitting president, agents would likely have ringed the course providing more security. But since Trump is just a candidate, the security was more limited. The sheriff said that may now change, in fact, likely will change. It's not clear how the alleged gunman knew Trump was at the golf course yesterday, though of course that's not publicized. But this is a course that he regularly plays at when he is at Mar-a-Lago. So that may have been a factory in the Gunman's decision to go there yesterday. And prs Greg Allen and West Palm Beach, Florida. Thanks, Greg.


You're welcome. The Venezuelan government has accused the CIA of being behind an alleged plot to assassinate President Nicholas Muto. Venezuela's interior ministry says it arrested three American citizens among other foreign nationals, claiming they were mercenaries. The US State Department has dismissed these claims as quote, categorically false. The backdrop to all of this is a disputed presidential election. Nicolas Maduro says he won while the opposition the United States and many others say he lost. Journalist Manuel Ada joins us from neighboring Columbia.


Hi Manuel. Hi Lela. Good morning. Good morning. So what more can you tell us about this alleged plot? So the Venezuelan government is saying that the person at the center of this plot is a Navy seal, who they identified as Wilbert Castanera. Venezuela's interior minister showed photos on Castanera on TV and said that he was in Venezuela to make contacts with a gang known Asua, who were supposedly gonna get guns to attack Malu and other members of Venezuela's leadership. The State Department vehemently denied these reports, though they did acknowledge that a member of the US military has been detained recently in Venezuela and the identities of the other two Americans were not revealed.


So the state department's saying it ca, it's categorically false. Is there any sign that President Nicholas Modelo's grip on power is waning as a result of his disputed victory? Well, Mato has arrested more than 1600 people who have protested the election result. He's banned the social media platform X and also increase censorship on the local press. So this suggests that he's telling his grip on the country and that he has prosecutors, judges, and members of the military who are willing to carry out his orders. But what some analysts say is that Maud's latest move show that he's somewhat desperate and has lost legitimately. Basically, he's resorting to violence and repression because no one in Venezuela believes he won the election.


We'll have to see how long he can keep the military on his side for that. He needs more money, but that could become scarce if the US ramps up sanctions on Venezuela oil industry. Now you have just returned from the Columbia Venezuela border where you've been talking to Venezuelans leaving the country. What were you hearing from them? Right, so I was in some shelters along the road that heads from the border into the center of Columbia. And what you usually see in the area are people who are fleeing the economic situation in Venezuela. Mm. But now you're also getting people who had a job in Venezuela who were doing okay, but they had to leave suddenly because they were gonna get arrested for participating in protests or for being involved in efforts to monitor the vote count on election day.


You know, these are people who say they've been harassed by paramilitary groups tied to the Venezuela government, or even narrowly escaped being taken from their homes by police. I met one guy there who was, who had been there a couple days. He was waiting for his family. He had arrived in Columbia with nothing, not even a backpack, because he had to leave so suddenly and he was waiting for his family to join him so that they could go to Chile where they have some relatives. And even that's gonna be tough because some countries in South America have placed lots of visa restrictions on Venezuela because so many millions of Venezuelans have already fled the country. So Venezuelans now fleeing the economic conditions and possible political persecution.


That's reporter Manuel Ruda from Bogota, Columbia. Thank you for joining us. Absolutely. TikTok and the Department of Justice are in court today in a case that could determine the future of the app, a Federal law that takes effect in January may ban TikTok in the United States. NPRs Bobby Allen is covering the case in Washington and joins us now. Good morning, Bobby. Good morning. Okay, so what's expected to happen in court today? Well, tiktoks gonna be fighting for its survival in front of a panel of three federal judges. It's an hour of oral arguments and it's really high stakes here, right?


There's billions of dollars, 170 million users in America. And really Layla, the future of online speech, all of that is at stake. And you know, the stakes are so high because of what happened last spring when Congress overwhelmingly passed a law that would put TikTok out of business in the US unless it gets out of its Chinese ownership. Why is Washington so concerned with tiktoks Chinese ownership? Yeah, You know, these days it's really hard to find any lawmaker in Washington who supports TikTok being owned by a Beijing based tech company. And that's because the US says TikTok is a national security threat, right? The Biden administration fears the Chinese government could use TikTok to spread pro-China propaganda or, you know, misuse the data of millions of Americans.


So again, we'll see oral arguments this morning with both sides kind of, you know, making their case for and against tiktoks existence in the us and the outcome could decide whether TikTok has any future here. So what evidence does the government have against TikTok? Yeah, I mean, that's really a big part of this case actually, and that's because a lot of the evidence against TikTok is classified and as a result, not publicly available. You and I can't see it, TikTok has been pushing to declassify all of that, but the Biden administration says the information it has on TikTok is so sensitive that releasing it could cause quote exceptionally grave damage to American national security. Right? Here's what we can say though. China experts say it's possible that Beijing could access American's data or use TikTok to try to, you know, sway public opinion or influence an American election.


But so far we do not have any evidence of that happening. And TikTok said it's taken really drastic steps to kind of cordon off tiktoks Chinese parent company from its US operations. But in the White House officials have become hardened against TikTok. Their position is completely sever ties with China or be shut down for good. And when do we expect a decision? Yeah, a decision isn't expected today, but there is a looming deadline January 19th, right? That's tiktoks legal deadline for finding a buyer or facing a nationwide ban. And as I already mentioned, they said it's not for sale. So this legal challenge is basically their last shot. Many observers are saying that that January 19th TikTok band date could be extended, but if the court doesn't offer an extension and sides with the Department of Justice, the undoing of TikTok in the US will begin.


I mean, TikTok is so popular, especially with younger people. How are ERs responding to all this? Yeah, you know, a group of TikTok creators actually have a lawyer representing their interest in the case. You know, their argument is that a ban would deprive them of their ability to exercise their free speech on the app. There's lots of political content on the app as we know, and for many creators though, there's a bit of a TikTok ban fatigue. Right? It's kind of understandable. We've been talking about TikTok maybe being banned for four years now, right? Yeah. So it's, it's kind of head spinning. I will say this time is different. Okay. We have a federal law on the books on the verge of taking effect, and unless tiktoks legal challenge is successful, the app's gonna be squeezed out of existence.


NPRs Bobby Allen. Thank you Bobby. Thanks, Layla. Can't leave it without one more story about which our colleague Eric Dickens sent a voice memo. The 76 STEM awards last night were this interesting balance of expected wins and surprise upsets. Now the biggest surprise, of course, was the Max Series hacks winning best comedy, upsetting the Knight's. Big favorite FX is the Bear FX is lavish drama showga, and made history with the most Emmys for a series in a single year. 18 wins in all. Now one Emmy for the Bear was a surprise when Liza Colon Zaius became the first Latina to win his best supporting actress in a comedy.


And in one of the show's most powerful moments, actor John La Zamo came on stage to remind Hollywood about his past problems under and misrepresenting Latinos celebrating current progress while reminding everyone there was still a lot of work to be done. For more on all these stories, go to npr.org and listen wherever you are. And that's a first for Monday, September 16th. I'm Layla Foden. And I'm Steve Inskeep. Your next listen is consider this From NPR R News if everything stays on schedule. This time next year, NASA will be sending astronauts back to the moon. Wow. Next year, the first crude mission.


Since the end of the Apollo program, our colleague Scott Dero goes behind the scenes at the Johnson Space Center to see how the team is preparing on consider this from NPR. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Russell Lewis, Tara Neill, Julia Redpath, HJ Mai, and Ally Schweitzer. It was produced by Ziyad Bch, Nia Dumas, Cory Bridges and Mon Cara We get engineering support from Carleigh Strange. and our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org.


That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Progressive Insurance, where drivers who switch could save hundreds on car insurance. Get your quote@progressive.com today. Progressive Casualty insurance company and affiliates


Support for NPR and the following message, come from Visit St. Pete Clearwater, Florida, where fall color seekers can find 35 miles of sugary white sand beaches and emerald green gulf waters. And enjoy fiery red, orange and yellow sunsets night after night. more@visitspc.com.