
Donald Trump has vowed to prosecutor jail, his political rivals. If he's elected, he Will absolutely make sure his enemies pay for what he perceives to be their crimes. An NPR investigation takes a closer look at these threats. I mean, Martinez, that's Layla Faddle, and this is upfirst from NPR News. Does Louisiana Law requiring public schools to display the 10 Commandments, violate the First Amendment and Supreme Court precedent? Religion Is something that is private and it succeeds best when the government just stays out of that conversation. It's a question before a federal court this week and Russian president Vladimir Putin is hosting a summit of world leaders in the city of Kazan that's despite the West trying to isolate him over the war in Ukraine.


stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Betterment. The automated investing and savings app, CEO. Sarah Levy shares how Betterment utilizes tech tools powered by human advice. Betterment is here to help customers build wealth their way, and we provide powerful technology and complete human support where technology can deliver ease of use and affordability. And the people behind that technology can provide advice and guidance. Learn more at Betterment dot com. Investing involves risk, performance, not guaranteed.


This message comes from Capital one offering commercial solutions you can bank on. Now more than ever, your business faces unique challenges and opportunities. That's why Capital One offers a comprehensive suite of financial services all tailored to your short and long-term goals backed by the strength and stability of a top 10 commercial bank. Their dedicated experts work with you to build lasting success. Explore the possibilities at Capital One dot com slash commercial A member FDIC.


This message comes from HubSpot. Growing a business means a lot of audience attracting lead scoring, and long days. But with HubSpot, it's easier than ever for marketers to remix content, boost leads and score customers fast. Learn more at hubspot.com/marketers.


With just two weeks until election day, former president Donald Trump has been escalating his attacks on his political rivals and what he calls quote, the enemy. Within Now, an NPR investigation has found that Trump has made more than a hundred threats to investigate, prosecute, jail, or otherwise punish his perceived opponents, including private citizens. NPRs investigative correspondent Tom Dreisbach has been looking into this. Good morning. Good morning. So we know former President Trump has talked about locking people up for a long time. What's new about what you found here? Right, and you know, Trump's allies say, come on, this is just campaign rhetoric. The media is over-hyping this. So we wanted to find out just how often does Trump do this?


And we looked at rally speeches, interviews, social media posts, just since 2022 when he was preparing for this campaign. And that's how we found more than 100 examples, More than a hundred examples. Who exactly is he targeting? Well, At the top of the list are his political opponents. He says if he wins on day one, he will appoint a special prosecutor to investigate President Joe Biden and Biden's family. He says, vice President Kamala Harris should be prosecuted. He's reposted calls for former president Barack Obama, former Congresswoman Liz Cheney to face military tribunals. And then he's also pushed for prosecutions and arrests of people involved in the criminal and civil cases against them, prosecutors, judges, even a courthouse staffer.


And in one case, he floated the idea of prosecuting a member of the Georgia Grand Jury that indicted him for election interference. Okay. So this goes well beyond just politicians, including private citizens like this jury you just described, but also journalists. What has Trump said about them? Well, he said journalists who refuse to give up their sources should go to jail. He says, CBS and NBC should be investigated and lose their broadcast licenses because he didn't like their news coverage. He's also attacked people who criticize or protest the Supreme Court. This is from a rally this September. These people are, should be put in jail the way they talk about our judges and our justices trying to get them to sway their vote.


I mean, what you're describing Tom, is pretty frightening. And all of this obviously raises the question, could former President Trump actually do this? Well, there's been a norm that's generally accepted for decades that the White House does not direct investigations by the Justice Department, but it is not the law. And at the end of the day, the president does control the Justice Department. Of course, there are guardrails. Judges can refuse to sign warrants, they can dismiss charges. But investigations alone, legal experts told me, can be terrifying. Cost a ton of money in legal bills. And there's this concern that just the threat of a prosecution can make someone say, if opposing the president gets to be investigated, is it really worth the risk? So a chilling effect there. What does your reporting tell you about whether Trump would actually take action on these threats?


Yeah, an analysis from an NYU law professor found a dozen cases from Trump's first term where he pressured the Justice Department to investigate and they did follow through. And I also talked to multiple people who said they're preparing for the worst case in case Trump wins. Stephanie Grisham was a press secretary in Trump's White House, but she now says he's unfit for office. I just know that once he's in office with no reason to worry about reelection and only the most fervent loyal people surrounding him, that he will absolutely make sure his enemies pay for what he perceives to be their crimes. And Grisham told me she's already saving money, getting ducks in a row in case she's subjected to say, in investigation or IRS audit.


Meanwhile, a spokesperson for the Republican Party responded to our reporting by saying that Harris is the threat to democracy. That's NPRs Tom Dreisbach, thanks so much for your reporting, Tom. Thank you. You can hear a lot more on this story on today's episode of Consider this from NPR. Find it this afternoon on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. Louisiana passed a law earlier this year that requires public schools to display the 10 Commandments in every classroom. The A CLU and several other groups have sued the state to stop the law from taking effect in January because they argue it violates a Supreme Court precedent.


And the First Amendment parties went for the first time yesterday in a federal court in Baton Rouge ARB Yuhas with Member Station. WWNO has been following this case and joins me now. Good morning. Good morning. So who are the plaintiffs in this case and what are their attorneys arguing? Yeah, The plaintiffs consist of nine Louisiana families, summer religious, others aren't, and their lawyers argue that they're the children of these families and other children in the state will be harmed if the 10 Commandments are posted in classrooms. So the attorneys have asked that the law be blocked while the case makes its way through the Courts and the state. What are they saying? Yeah, The state obviously has larger, larger constitutional arguments, but yesterday the focus was on whether this case can even move forward.


Attorneys for the state argue plaintiffs don't have a case until the posters go up in January. They say there's no grounds for allegations of harm until then. So they've asked the judge to throw out the suit for that reason. Okay. So let's take a step back. Let's talk about what the state law that's being contested actually says. What does it say about the 10 Commandments and how they're meant to be displayed in public schools? It's pretty specific. It says the 10 Commandments need to be displayed in large, easily readable fonts requires a specific version of the Commandments from the King James Bible version, which is a Protestant text. Hmm. The law also says posters displaying the Commandments have to be at least 11 by 14 inches, though they can be bigger and they have to include a context statement of the exact wording of which was included in the law passed by Louisiana's public controlled legislature at several paragraphs.


But in short says the 10 Commandments quote were a prominent part of American public education for almost three centuries. Though I should say some historians argue that isn't true. So very detailed law there. This is such a closely watched case, a lot of concern around whether it violates this notion of separation of church and state. Why has it captured the nation's attention in this way? It's because people are concerned that the Supreme Court could overturn that precedent if a case relating to this law makes its way to them, and that in overturning that precedent, they could take down the wall between church and state. In part, critics argue the law clearly violates the First Amendment, which protects freedom of religion.


Here's Andrew Perry, an attorney for the plaintiffs with the A CLU of Louisiana. The premise of the Constitution is that religion is something that is private and it succeeds best when the government just stays out of that conversation. The US Supreme Court struck down a similar law to Louisiana's in 1980. In that ruling, the court said requiring schools in Kentucky to post the 10 Commandments quote, had no secular legislative purpose, was plainly religious and therefore unconstitutional. Now, Louisiana's Attorney General argues the state's law is different and constitutional. She says it passes a history and tradition test and that it's about teaching morals. Opponents aren't buying that though when they say this case is about getting something that's already been decided back to the Supreme Court, which now has a conservative super majority.


When is the court, the federal court here, expected to make a decision? Yeah, the judge says he'll make a decision by November 15th and that'll include, you know, whether he's gonna stop the law from taking effect in January if he throws out the suit. Plaintiffs can try again once the posters are up and attorneys say their case isn't the only legal challenge to this law. So even if this case doesn't move forward, it's possible another one will and could eventually make its way to the US Supreme Court. Aubrey Yuhas is with Member Station WW NO in New Orleans. Thank you for your reporting, Aubrey. You're welcome. The US and its allies often say Russia's unprovoked full scale invasion of neighboring Ukraine in 2022 led to its international isolation.


But Russia tells a different story, one that'll be on display as President Vladimir Putin hosts leaders from many of the world's fastest developing economies in Russia this week. Joining us to talk about it is NPRs Charles Maines in Moscow. Welcome. Hi There. Hi Charles. So what is this summit and who's on the guest list? Well, this is the latest incarnation of what was initially known as the Bricks Group of Developing Nations. That's an acronym for Brazil Russia India, China, and South Africa. They've since added a plus to the list to show their growing roster, which includes new members such as Iran, Egypt, United Arab Emirates as of this year. And the group looks to grow even further with Turkey as our Bijan Malaysia waiting for admission.


You know, all told the Kremlins says 22 world leaders will be attending, including China Xi Jinping and Indias Nara Modi. The Kremlin is billing this as the biggest foreign policy summit in Russian history, and they're all coming to Kaza. That's the capital of Russia's Republic of Stan, where I should add, locals have been told basically to stay home, both out of concerns for security and to control the optics of the event. I mean, 22 world leaders doesn't sound like isolation. So Russian president of Vladimir Putin must be feeling pretty good about that. You know, that's a safe bet. The fact that these world leaders are all coming at this moment is, is a PR coup for Russia. The Kremlin would argue it's the latest proof if it needed anymore that Russia is not at all isolated over its invasion of Ukraine, as the west would claim, even the Secretary General of the United Nations, Antonio Gutter is in town for this event.


Over the objections of of Kiev, I might add. Meanwhile, Bri's nations represent nearly half the world's population and, and increasingly a new world order as Vladimir Putin argued during a speech at a related event last week in Moscow. Let's listen. So here Putin says, companies from Brix countries already dominate key economic industries like energy and agriculture. And in the not too distant future bricks, nations, he says, will be the drivers of the global economy. Okay, So aside from growing economic might, what else unites these countries? Well, you know, in the lead up to the summit, Putin spokesman, Dmitri Pesco was asked something similar. He, he contrasted bricks to the G seven, the west group of seven in leading industrialized economies.


But saying that the G seven was a club no one else could ever get an invitation to. Whereas bricks and Pescos telling was a far more democratic institution, you know, but you're right. I mean essentially, you know, many of these countries share resentments about the way global wealth and economic power is currently distributed. But the thing is, they approach the solution differently. Whereas, you know, Russia China and Iran perhaps see bricks through this geopolitical lens, a way to take on the west. Others like India, Brazil aren't interested in that same level of antagonism. They, they strike a more, a neutral stance. For example, when it comes to Putin's actions, Ukraine, Ukraine, you know, they basically wanna see what bricks can do for them and to make the world economy more fair. And just so Beyond the symbolism of it all, is there anything concrete expected to come out of the next few days?


Well, there're gonna be a lot of bilateral meetings between leaders, so I'm sure you'll see a bunch of deals. Russia and Iran are expected to also sign a strategic partnership agreement that'll be closely watched by the west. But if Putin has his way, this conference will make significant progress in one area in particular ending the dominance of the US dollar. He wants to see bricks, nations come up with new financial mechanisms that could ultimately sanction proof economies like Russia's from the West. That's NPR r's. Charles Maines in Moscow. Thank you Charles. Thank You. And that's upfirst for Tuesday, October 22nd. I'm Layla Alden. And I'm a Martinez. Our co-host, Michelle Martin and Steve Inskeep are in Pennsylvania this week listening to Voters.


You can find more of our morning edition coverage of the Swing State in the NPR app. Just look in the podcast section or on your local NPR station. Today's Episode of upfirst was edited by Barry Hardiman, Susanna Capeluto, Ryland Barton, Lisa Thompson and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Paige Waterhouse, Nia Dumas and Katie Klein. We get engineering support from Andy Hether And. our technical director is Stacey Abbott. Join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org.


That's plus.npr.org.


This message is brought to you by Warby Parker. Their glasses start at $95, including anti-reflective scratch resistant prescription lenses that block 100% of UV rays. Try five pairs of frames at home for free. Go to Warby Parker dot com slash covered.


This message is brought to you by NPR sponsor Lisa in collaboration with West Elm. Discover the new natural hybrid mattress expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LEES a.com to learn more.