
President Trump issued a new travel ban. The strength of the restrictions we're applying depends on the severity of the threat posed, As in his first term, the president targeted numerous countries. So what's the goal? I'm Layla Alden. That's Steve Inskeep. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. Elon Musk attacked a Republican budget plan. At least one Republican senator agrees with his assessment that the US is borrowing too much Now. He stepped away from the administration. He's basically doing what I'm doing. He is telling people the truth With few votes to lose. How do Republicans manage the dissent in their own ranks And the US and Iran? Talk about a nuclear deal.


President Trump once canceled a nuclear agreement, favors a new one and brought in a third player. Is there some way Russia could help? Stay with us. We've ve got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from tma. Create your Oasis with tma. A modern design company that specializes in furniture and home goods by stripping away everything but the essential. TMA makes elevated beds with premium materials and intentional details with clean lines, subtle curves, and minimalist style. The Thema bed collection is available in four signature finishes. To match any design aesthetic to get $100 towards your first bed purchase, go to tma.co/npr


support for NPRs Climate Solutions Week. Rethinking Home comes from the Nature Conservancy. People from all walks of life depend on nature for the food they eat, the water they drink, and the air they breathe for Strengthening their communities, powering their livelihoods, and safeguarding their health. Nature is common ground for everyone and uniting to protect nature can help solve today's challenges and create a thriving tomorrow for future generations. Discover why at nature.org/npr.


This message comes from Better help. June is Men's Mental Health month and every year 6 million men in the US suffer from depression. If you are feeling overwhelmed, the strongest thing You can do is ask for help and better help can make it easy. Take a short online quiz and connect from home with a qualified therapist. Visit better help.com/npr today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/ NPR.


When President Trump signed a travel ban eight years ago, it was one of his signature moves and it caused nationwide convulsions. Yeah. Trump had explicitly promised to ban Muslims from the country and he had to change the ban several times to get it past the courts. This time around the president's new travel ban is just one of several controversial moves he made on a particular Wednesday in June, NPR Whitehouse correspondent Franco Ordonius covered the first Trump term and is covering the second and is with us once again. Franco. Good morning. Good morning, Steve. What did the president sign this time? Yeah. Trump signed an order that will completely stop the travel to the US by the citizens of 12 countries now. They include Afghanistan, Haiti, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Yemen.


Citizens from seven other countries will be subject to partial bans. They include Cuba, Sierra Leone, and Venezuela. All this goes into effect on Monday. What was the justification? Well, the justification for such a sweeping ban was that the White House at least says the action was needed to protect the US from terrorist attacks And that these countries lacked the right vetting capabilities. In a video statement, Trump actually cited the firebombing attack in Boulder, Colorado is an example of why this is necessary. In the 21st century, we've seen one terror attack after another, carried out by foreign visa overstate from dangerous places all over the world.


Now Steve, I do wanna note that that man charged with that attack is actually from Egypt, which is not among the countries listed in the travel ban. Okay. I am just remembering eight years ago, this happened very early in the administration. It happened rather abruptly. There was chaos at airports, there were immediate lawsuits. What has the response been this time? Yeah, I will say advocates were ready and they were waiting for this to come, you know, already taking action. Now that it's here, they acknowledge that while the Trump administration did make some exceptions, such as carving out an exception for Afghans who worked for the US government during the war in Afghanistan, there are still tens of thousands of Afghans, especially family members who will not be allowed to enter the US under the new ban.


I'm glad you're with us because you were around for this last time. How did the first round of travel bans work out? Yeah, you kind of mentioned it. I mean, it's very, very controversial because of the backstory of that first travel ban. You talked about the mayhem. I mean, during Trump's first campaign for the presidency, Trump called for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. As you noted, there was all the chaos at the airports. And also, you know, our listeners will remember all the protests as well. The ban did face legal challenges and was blocked by the court. But Trump made all sorts of revisions and eventually the Supreme Court did approve the third iteration of the ban.


President Biden rescinded it though On his first day in office. Now it's back. Oh and a little bit more expansive apparently than the, than the last time. This is not the only thing the president did yesterday. He escalated his fight with Harvard University. In what way? Yeah. He signed another proclamation to suspend visas for new international students at Harvard. The White House says it's a move to quote, safeguard national security. Now it's unclear though what force this order will actually have because last week a federal judge ordered the administration not to make any changes to Harvard student visa program. I do think it's safe, Steve, to say this proclamation will be Appealed. NP Franco Ordonez, thanks for the insights.


Really appreciated. Thank You Steve. Now the president issued one more proclamation that we're following. He ordered the Attorney General and others to look into one of the theories that he has promoted on social media. Trump is questioning President Biden's use of an auto pen to sign some measures. While in office, Trump alleges that Biden quote lacked the capacity to exercise his presidential authority. And so he wants to know who did. President Biden has responded to this saying quote, I made the decisions during my presidency about the pardons executive orders, legislation and proclamations. Any suggestion that I didn't Biden says is ridiculous and false.


Senate Republicans started work this week on a multi-trillion dollar bill to enact the heart of President Trump's domestic agenda. They Faced little turbulence from one of the president's most high profile allies, Elon Musk on Tuesday, Musk went on social media X, the one he happens to own, and criticized the Republican bill as a quote, disgusting abomination. And that is drawing to attention to the sheer size of the bill and what it could mean for the nation's debts. With me now is NPR Congressional corresponding Claudia Gal. Good morning, Claudia. Good morning, Layla. Okay, so we know Elon Musk spent big last year to help get the president elect and then he was the face of the administration's cuts to federal workers and federal agencies before recently stepping back.


So now we see him railing against Trump's signature domestic policy. Bill. What's happening here? What's his objection? Right in one word, cost Musk, as you mentioned, wanted a slash government spending, but he says the GOP bill does the exact opposite. He went as far as sharing a promotional image yesterday on a social media site ex from the Quentin Tarantino film Kill Bill. And so he's really trying to get the word out there in the most dramatic ways that this can't happen. And it's emboldened. Fiscal conservatives like Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson, he was on our All Things Considered yesterday, arguing that Musk is well respected and defended his efforts to tank the bill.


People recognize him as a very smart individual who did a fabulous job with Doge exposing waste, fraud, and abuse. And now he's stepped away from the administration. He's basically doing what I'm doing. He is telling people the truth. And by his truth, he's one of the senators who early on even before must spoke out, said he wasn't gonna support this bill. And he's not alone. There are others and Senate Republicans have a razor thin margin and they can only afford to lose three votes. And how are Republican leaders responding to Musk's criticisms? They say the criticisms are flat wrong And that the GOP plan would instead grow the economy and cut spending. A key figure in all of this is Senate majority leader John Thune, who along with other Republican members of the Senate Finance Committee, were at the White House meeting with President Trump yesterday about the bill.


He was asked to respond to Musk's remarks. What he stated was that he thought it was something that would add to the deficit and we believe the opposite. Hmm. And Thune added, there's no turning back at this point. There's too much at stake as this legislation carries the bulk of Trump's domestic agenda. Okay, Claudia, they say that, but the bill would grow the deficit. Right? Right. That's the projection. Yesterday, the non-partisan congressional budget office scored the current version of the bill that passed the house last month. They found it would add $2.4 trillion to the deficit over the next 10 years. And they said the biggest driver of that is extending a tax cut program passed during Trump's first term.


It also includes dramatic cuts to Medicaid as part of a Republican effort to pay for this legislation. But the CBO says even as they force 11 million Americans to lose their health insurance, it falls way short of paying for the bills price tag. And we're seeing some Republicans push back against that CBO analysis. What is, what's going on there? Republicans are saying that the CBO has been wronged before. They also say their numbers fail to account for economic growth. They expect to come from the bill. They also say the agency has become politically driven. This is a non-partisan office. So a reminder of the kind of politicization that even a nonpartisan office can face these days.


And their findings also mirror other studies by other nonpartisan groups that show similarly how this bill would balloon the deficit. So all signal that Republicans are determined to make this happen regardless. NPRs Claudia Gral. Thank you Claudia. Thank you. President Trump has accused Iran of quote, slow walking talks to reach a deal over a nuclear program. The US wants to arrive at terms that prevent Iran from ever building a nuclear weapon. Iran denies that it wants one, but Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Hamnet, says the US proposal was against his country's own interests.


So where does that leave Trump's idea of a quick deal? NPR international correspondent Jackie Northam is with us. Jackie, good morning. Good morning Steve. So what is the sticking point here between the two countries? Well, the key sticking point is whether Iran should be allowed to enrich some uranium for civilian purposes. You know, and that's to run like power plants and for medical use. And there have been reports in recent days that the US proposed a compromise whereby Iran could enrich low grade uranium but give up its stockpiles of higher enriched uranium, which could be used to make a nuclear weapon. This proposal has not been made public, so NPR has not been able to independently verify it.


But you know, shortly after those reports came out, Trump posted on social media that there would be no enrichment in any deal with Iran. So it's really unclear where the US is on this Unclear where the US stands. Where does Iran stand? Well, Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ale Hani yesterday dismissed any notion that Iran would stop all enrichment saying it goes a hundred percent against Iran's sovereignty. And you know, he's repeatedly said the country has the right to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes. The foreign minister Abbas Achi said the US proposal had many ambiguities and unanswered questions. You know, experts I've spoke to say Iran may well be stalling on striking a deal.


You know, it's in a very weak position. Its economy is wrecked by years of sanctions and now it's possibly facing an Israeli attack on its nuclear facilities. Oh, interesting. And amid all of this, president Trump gets on the phone with Russia's president Vladimir Putin. And I gather they discussed Iran. What leverage would Russia have here? Right. Trump said after that call with Putin that the Russian leader had agreed to participate in the nuclear discussions with Iran to help bring out, you know, the talks, to quote a rapid conclusion. Moscow does have some sway with Tehran. They have some arms deals and fought together in Syria and they are certainly united in their anti-Western stance.


But the two sides aren't tight allies. And this issue of maintaining its right to enrich uranium for civilian use is paramount to Iran. So it's unlikely Moscow could change that. Let me come back to something that you mentioned briefly. You said possibly facing an Israeli attack on its nuclear facilities. Of course Israel isn't gonna announce that it'll either happen or it won't happen. But what really, what are the odds? How likely is it that Israel would take that dramatic step? Well, a couple months ago Trump confirmed reports CD told the Israelis not to attack. And that, you know, he wants to have a, a deal with Iran rather than any sort of military activities. But you know, Israel has made it clear they see a nuclear capable Iran as an existential threat.


And a un watchdog has worn that. You know, since Trump pulled out of an accord to limit Iran's nuclear program in his first term, Iran has greatly increased its stockpile of enriched uranium and now has enough to theoretically make one bomb. Wow. Okay. And a good reminder that the president pulled out of a nuclear agreement. The very same president now wants into a nuclear agreement. Jackie, thanks. Exactly. Thanks very Much. Steve NPR international affairs correspondent, Jackie Northam, and that's Upfirst for this Thursday, June 5th. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Layla Fadden. Your next listen is consider this from NPR. We here at upfirst give you the three big stories of the day are considered this colleagues take a different approach.


They dive into a single news story and what it means to you. Learn about a big story of the day. Day in less than 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your Podcasts. Today's Upfirst was edited by Krishna Dev caller, Jason Breslow, James Heider, Lisa Thompson, and Arzu Rezvani. It was produced by Ziat Bch, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Isha Ness and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Join us tomorrow or on Monday it says, but I think tomorrow would be the Act of, I would say people should join us tomorrow too. Yeah, I Agree. And Monday. And all the dates. All The dates.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes financing your next car. Easy by 100% online with customizable terms good for 30 days. Buy your car the convenient way with Carvana terms may apply.


This message comes from Wari Parker prescription eyewear. That's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


Support for NPR and the following message, come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus, tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.