
US Steel is entering a multi-billion dollar partnership with the Japanese competitor in NEP Pond. President Trump campaigned on a promise to block that deal. He now says he approves. So how, if at all, did the agreement change? I'm Steve Inskeep, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Harvard University says the Trump administration broke the law when it banned international students. There a judge says, the students may keep attending. For now, this Is very much just one step in a much, much larger process. Why is the administration cracking down? Also, as Elon Musk waves goodbye to his Department of Government efficiency, did it make government any more efficient?


NPR delivers you an efficient look at the evidence. Stay with us. We've ve got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from tma. Create Your Oasis with tma, A modern design company that specializes in furniture and home goods by stripping away everything but the essential. TMA makes elevated beds with premium materials and intentional details with clean lines, subtle curves, and minimalist style. The TMA bed collection is available in four signature finishes. To match any design aesthetic to get $100 towards your first bed purchase, go to tma do co slash npr.


This message comes from Better Health. This Mental Health Awareness month better health is encouraging everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma associated with mental health. Better Help works to make people healthy and happy, because when people are taken care of, everyone benefits, including families, colleagues, and communities. Visit better help.com/npr to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from Jackson, seek Clarity in retirement planning@jackson.com. Jackson is short for Jackson Financial Inc. Jackson National Life Insurance Company, Lansing, Michigan, and Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York Purchase. New York.


President Trump travels to Pittsburgh today to celebrate something that he previously said he would not allow. It's a partnership between United States Steel and the Japanese company. Neon Steel former President Biden blocked that sale on national security grounds. Candidate Trump also promised to block it, saying that foreign ownership of a company with United States in the name just sounded psychologically bad Here he was campaigning in Pennsylvania last October, And I will not approve Japan buying US Steel. 70 years ago, the greatest company anywhere in the world, NPR Senior White House correspondent Tamara Keith is here. Tam, good morning. Good morning. Why say yes now? Well, there had been signs that President Trump was taking a second look at this planned acquisition.


It came up when the Japanese Prime Minister visited the White House in February, and then last month President Trump ordered a new National Security Review. Then last week he announced he was on board with the deal in a social media post saying it would add $14 billion to the US economy and create 70,000 jobs. And significantly, he described it as a quote, planned partnership that will keep the headquarters of US Steel in Pittsburgh. Okay, So we have a social media post, but what are the details here? We don't have many. The White House didn't respond to a list of basic questions about the structure of the deal. And when I asked a US Steel spokesman, Whether it was an acquisition, he said he was unable to comment and directed me to a week old statement where the company praised President Trump and said, US Steel will remain American, grow bigger and stronger through a partnership with Nip on Steel.


So I called a bunch of industry analysts whose job it is to advise investors, and they said they haven't been able to get clear answers either. But all along Neon has made it clear that they aren't going to make this kind of investment unless they are acquiring US Steel and its assets. Gordon Johnson is CEO of GLJ Research. No matter how the government and or the non-answers from US Steel wanna position this, let me be very clear. This is an acquisition. It's very clearly an acquisition And given the expected purchase price, he says it is a very good deal for US Steel shareholders and executives.


Another analyst I spoke to said their best interpretation of the facts is that Trump is calling it a partnership to avoid looking like he reversed himself on this. And another Phil Gibbs at Key Bank Capital Markets. Put it this way, It has to be purposely opaque because there have been so many missteps, misfires, lawsuits, political interference, and then we finally get to what looks like a conclusion and we're even questioning the conclusion. I will also note that US Steel hasn't filed anything with the Securities and Exchange Commission about this latest version of the deal. Tam, first, thanks very much for the reporting. I appreciate your look on the, at the Substance here. Really helps me.


Second, I wanna talk about the politics. Last fall, we talked with people in Western Pennsylvania where there are US steel plants who thought this deal was good. Even the local union guys thought the deal was good, but there was this national opposition in the middle of the campaign. So why would he promote the deal in such a big way? Now, You know, a major theme of the first few months of his second term has been bringing foreign investment to the US Onshoring manufacturing, creating American jobs, and there are a few things that he relishes more than announcing a deal. Hmm. Pennsylvania, of course, is also a state that delivered him the presidency. So he's gonna call it a win. But as you know, maybe it's popular locally, but the United Steel Workers Union is quite dubious of this announcement and what it will mean in the end for jobs.


Democratic politicians from the state are offering very tentative statements saying the devil is in the details and they don't yet have the details. NPS Tamara Keith will be traveling with the president of Pittsburgh today. Tam, thanks so much. You're welcome. Harvard University can go right on enrolling international students, at least for now. A federal judge granted a preliminary injunction, which has the same effect as a temporary restraining order did last week. The Trump administration may not revoke the university's ability to issue student visas. NPRs Alyssa NAD is covering this story. Alyssa, good morning. Good Morning.


What happened in court? Well, lawyers from Harvard and the Trump administration were in a packed courtroom in Boston. On Thursday, the federal judge, Alison d Burrows, voiced concerns that the government was attempting to prevent foreign students from enrolling. Despite her earlier order, blocking the administration's planned actions. The Trump administration argues that Harvard has violated students' civil rights, including failing to protect Jewish students on campus and using racial discrimination in admissions. And that banning the school from enrolling international students is warranted after the judge's order, the White House told NPR that the Trump administration, not judges, should decide if universities can issue student visas. Now, Harvard argues that the administration's actions are retribution that President Trump is singling out Harvard and violating its First Amendment rights.


And so the case is ongoing for now, nothing changes for Harvard's international students. How, how big a deal is it for Harvard to be taking in international students? Well, Harvard has nearly 7,000 international students. It's about a quarter of the entire student body. Many of them were at Harvard's graduation ceremony, which was actually happening at the same time as the hearing yesterday. During the commencement, president Alan Garber addressed the graduates with a nod to the ongoing lawsuit Members of the class of 2025 from down the street, across the country, and around the world, around the world, just as it should be.


Now, the audience gave him a standing ovation for that line. I've been in touch with Ella Rickett. She's a first year student from Canada studying at Harvard, and she's hesitant to call this order a victory Until that case is actually won. I don't necessarily feel 100% safe with everything that's going on. Obviously I remain optimistic and hopeful, but this is very much just one step in a much, much larger process. Every university in the country that has international students must be watching this case, Alyssa. Exactly. You know, there are more than a million international students enrolled at US colleges and universities from community college to regional publics to Ivy League.


India sends the most students to the US followed by China and Steve. These students bring about $43 billion to the US economy every year. Wow. University leaders are worried, obviously, and a lot have told me that international applications are down compared to last Year. You mentioned that China is one of the biggest senders of international students, one of the biggest spenders on American education, and the State Department announced this week that it's planning to revoke student visas for students from China. What's going on? So Secretary of State, Marco Rubio said the department would work to quote aggressively revoke visas of Chinese students, including those with ties to the Chinese Communist Party. Now, Steve, it is worth reminding listeners that in Trump's first administration back in 2020, officials canceled visas of more than a thousand Chinese graduate students and researchers because they had direct ties to military universities in China.


So it's a familiar move in the Trump foreign policy playbook Depending on how big the scale turns out to be. Exactly. Alyssa, thanks so much. You bet. NPS Alyssa NAD Elon Musk says he's leaving his government role as the leader of the Department of Government Efficiency, or Doge. The head of Tesla and SpaceX and X will join President Trump at the White House for one last time this afternoon. NPR, Stephen Fowler has been covering Doge all along and on the line. Steven, good morning. Good morning. Okay. Does Musk stepping away change anything about what the Department of Government Efficiency will do?


Not really. I mean, he's been touted by President Trump and others as the leader in Doge in court. Lawyers for the government has said he's not, and they've downplayed his role. But the reality is much of the Doge work, I mean, the parts that haven't been reversed or held up in court have always been carried out by people not named Elon Musk. These allies are embedded in agencies more permanently. Many of them are full on federal employees, and they're more focused on specific goals at those agencies. Steven, I followed all your reporting on this. A lot of DO'S claims of savings and changes were illusory or have been reversed as you just mentioned, but they're still out there acting. So what could they continue to do? Well, there have been a few areas.


Doge has been successful data collections. One, there's been this emphasis on knocking down data silos and making massive data sets to be used, especially for Trump's immigration agenda. There's also dozens of lawsuits that allege that data collection is being done illegally. Then there's the push to further downsize the federal workforce and reshape who gets to work in federal government. But the main force behind implementing that part of Trump's agenda is the Office of Management and Budget and its head rusts boat. So Why would Elon Musk leave now? Well, he says his scheduled time is up. He's talking about his role as a special government employee. Time limited to 130 working days. It's been 130 days since Trump took office and Musk took on this role.


Got it. But he likely could have stayed longer. But politically, Musk is an avatar for the unpopular things Doge and the second Trump administration have done. He's taken a lot of heat as Congress is working on trying to pass Trump's big, beautiful bill and other legislative priorities, and we pivot to the midterms. There have been concerns by Republicans that Musk is not helpful. I think a lot of people who own Tesla stock didn't think he was being very helpful to them. Well, that's the other part of it. Musk runs multiple big businesses that have suffered because of his split attention And that unpopularity, especially Tesla, that's his main source of wealth. Tesla drivers sold their cars, stores were vandalized profits cratered, and there were reports that the board was considering replacing him.


Oh. It's Like they threatened to fire the guy who was really openly joyful about firing people. I'm, I'm thinking of the moment when he stood on stage waving around a chainsaw. Now that just a little time has passed, how is that metaphor working out for him? Well, Steve, that chainsaw doesn't really have any teeth. I mean, Musk had these lofty savings goals of cutting $2 trillion from before joining the government to a fraction of that to around 150 billion. Our reporting has found those claims are inaccurate, overstated, and rooted in a fundamental misunderstanding of how the federal budget works. Also do's other signature efforts like cutting the Workforce have hit repeated legal snags, driven in part by Musk's public statements that have been used to claim those changes broke the law.


But another way, there's little evidence that Elon Musk has done much to make the government more efficient. Cutting To the facts. NPR, Stephen Fowler, he's part of NPR R'S team of reporters covering efforts to remake the federal government. Stephen, thanks so much. Thank You. And that's Upfirst for this Friday, May 30th. I'm Steve Inskeep. Upfirst Comes Your Way On Saturdays, Aisha Roscoe and Scott Simon have the news. And then in this very same feed on Upfirst Sunday, scientists seek evidence of how dinosaurs went extinct by digging behind a strip mall in New Jersey. You could probably go under the lows and find these same deposits or the Chick-fil-A As this Sunday right here on Upfirst.


Today's Upfirst was edited by Kelsey Snell, Lauren Maki, Padma Rama HJ Mai, and Muhammad Al Barisi, who was produced by Ziad bch, Nia Demas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Misha Highness and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Our executive producer is Jay Shaler. Join us Monday.


This message comes from Capital One. With the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark Cash plus terms apply.


This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, You can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, the NPR Wine Club, a place to explore the exciting world of wine, including wines inspired by popular NPR shows like Weekend Edition Cabernet. Whether buying a few bottles or joining the club, all purchases help support NPR programming and fund quality reporting develop to connect people to their communities and the world they live in. more@nprwineclub.org slash podcast must be 21 or older to purchase.