
Hello there, it's Michelle Martin. real quick before the show, it has been a wild, exciting, exhausting election season and in the home stretch. As you continue to follow things here on upfirst, we want you to know There are two other ways to make sure you don't miss a development throughout the day. First, every weekday you can find a new episode of the NPR NPR Politics Podcast with context and analysis on the big stories. whenever they happen, So, you get an alert, big breaking news, you don't know what to think. look for the NPR Politics podcast a few hours later. And second, consider This is the podcast where NPR covers one big story in depth every weekday evening. They will be all over this election and it's aftermath too.


So you've got upfirst in the morning, Consider this in the evening, and the NPR Politics podcast anytime big things happen. And around the clock. Election news survival kit from NPR podcast. Okay, thank you for listening. Here's the show. Former president Donald Trump has sounded tired and erratic and is using even more profanity than usual in recent weeks. He's messed up names, forgotten the word Friar, and called his opponent Kamala Harris. Stupid. Could this be his farewell tour? I'm Michelle Martin, and this is upfirst from NPR News. A white police detective is facing a retrial over the 2020 killing of Breonna Taylor, who was a black medical worker.


Could he be convicted this time? And Israel's parliament has banned the Unaid Agency for Palestinians. Today. We are taking action, eh, that will limit UNRWA capabilities to continue to function in Israel. What could this mean for the millions of Palestinians living under Israeli occupation who depend on un aid? stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Walmart. Walmart is fueling American jobs and strengthening communities with an additional $350 billion investment in products made, grown or assembled in America. This commitment to US manufacturing is helping local businesses across the country hire more people and support their local communities. Learn how Walmart is supporting us manufacturing by visiting walmart.com/america at work.


This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana.


Election day is just one week away and there's been a noticeable change with former President Donald Trump. Amid the whirlwind of campaigning, Trump is visibly tired, his speeches have become more erratic and even profane. And Pierre Stephen Fowler has been tracking Trump's rally rhetoric and he's with us now to talk about what could be Trump's farewell tour from campaigning. Good morning, Steven. Good Morning, Steven. I just wanted to start by saying that not everybody watches a full Trump speech, let alone several. So what is a typical rally like? Yeah, so Michelle Donald Trump's held about a hundred rallies significant speeches and press conferences. This year alone. I've watched more than half of them start to finish and been to nearly a dozen in person, including last night.


They last about 80 to 90 minutes and follow this formula of remarks made from a teleprompter and off the cuff ad libs. Many things have stayed the same. He started this year in the Republican primaries with dire remarks about his vision of a future of America hard line views on immigration and attacking his enemies. After President Biden dropped out this summer, Trump failed to pivot his focus fully to vice President Kamala Harris and contrast his record against having her as an opponent. But things have been different in the last few weeks. Trump sounded a lot more tired. There's been more gaff and more rambling, and he's been very vulgar and profane with the anecdotes he uses and the attacks on Harris and Democrats.


Steven, I have to say that for more than a decade now, Trump has earned a reputation for pushing the envelope with what has been considered acceptable for politicians to say, at least in public. We hear that that's what a lot of his supporters say that they like about him. But is there something different about this last month? A lot of Trump's core message about why he's running hasn't really changed since he first came down that golden escalator in 2015. Here's a snippet from that speech. The US has become a dumping ground for everybody else's problems. And here's Trump. Last week in Tempe, Arizona, We're a dumping ground. We're like a, we're like a garbage can for the world.


That's what's happened. That's what's happened to You can hear the difference a decade makes though I mean he's visibly and audibly tired. He's got lower energy and has been chronically late to his rally. Appearances at times though, Michelle, he sounded pretty melancholy about what is likely a farewell tour end to campaigning 'cause either he will win and can't run again or lose, and he said he won't run again. So there's a week to go until election day. Is this change in behavior affecting his schedule or his closing message? From what you can tell, Last night, Trump held a rally here in Atlanta. It was at Georgia Tech's basketball arena that seats about 8,500 people.


Even with him showing up about an hour late, almost all of the upper section was empty and the crowd was noticeably thinning out as his remarks went on. He's had a ton of events in the seven battleground states likely to decide this election that have been in smaller and smaller venues. But those have been interspersed on the schedule with events in places like New York and California. This week he's going to New Mexico and Virginia. Those are not battleground states where he's likely to get a bigger friendlier crowd that hasn't seen him as much. So the message it sends about his message is more about connecting with the base and adoring supporters. And that way it's typical Trump. But Michelle, this is not the same man who shocked people in 2016 tried to overturn his defeat in 2020 and still managed to crush opponents in this year's Republican primaries.


That is NPR Stephen Fowler in Atlanta. Stephen, thank you. Thank you. Israel's parliament has voted to ban the UN's main aid agency for Palestinians from operating in Israel. The United Nations Relief and Works Agency is the main group providing food and shelter to Palestinians who are facing hunger and displacement in the war in Gaza. Israel says it has ties to Hamas, the militant group that Israel is battling in Gaza and p Daniel Eston is in Tel Aviv, and he's with us now to tell us more about this. Good morning, Daniel. Good morning, Michelle. Just remind us, what exactly does this UN agency do?


The agency is known by its acronym UNRWA UNRWA. It provides food, healthcare, and education to millions of Palestinian refugees. And in Gaza, UNRWA is the main address for aid. It has been that way for decades and especially now during the Gaza War, R'S producer in Gaza. Anas Baba visited an UNRWA medical clinic this morning. He said he saw hundreds of people in line needing care and one man in line told him, without UNRWA services, our life would be worthless. UNRWA also distributes flour to families. And Anas Baba met one man coming to an UNRWA warehouse for flower. His name is Hamud Chaffe.


He said this Israeli ban on UNRWA is an additional war along with the Gaza War. And he said, Israel's aim is no longer targeting Hamas. He said, it's killing children, women, and men. He said they are facing a genocide. And just this morning, Michelle Gaza health officials are reporting one of the single deadliest Israeli strikes in weeks. They're saying scores of people, mostly women and children were killed when Israel struck a five story building. So why is Israel banning UNRWA now? Well, Israel says that some Palestinian staffers of UNRWA took part in the October 7th attack. UNRWA fired and suspended them or others were killed in the war. Israel has also said that during the war, it has found a Hamas command center directly underneath Unres Gaza headquarters.


Those in a lot of other grievances throughout the years. This is Israel's ambassador to the United Nations, speaking to reporters. His name is Danny Danone. UNRWA was infiltrated by Hamas many years ago. We have warn the Security Council. That is why today we we're taking action that will limit UNRWA capabilities to continue to function in Israel. Now, Israel says it wants to continue to work with other UN agencies instead of UNRWA. And that really points to Israel's biggest problem with this agency. It serves the families of Palestinian refugees who were uprooted from their homes when Israel's founding more took place 76 years ago. And Israel says, this agency just perpetuates Palestinians demand for the right to return to their lands, which became Israel.


But I should mention that this ban on UNRWA in the Israeli parliament, one of vast majority of lawmakers, including most of the centrist opposition. Hmm. So how are the UN and the US responding to Israel's ban? The UN says this can have devastating consequences for refugees. And the State Department is saying that UNRWA plays an irreplaceable role in Gaza and it's calling on Israel not to move forward with implementing this legislation. The US actually warned Israel in a letter that if it does move forward with this legislation, it could have implications under US law. The US is basically suggesting that it could withhold some weapons and military aid to Israel. We're gonna have to see what happens with the US elections. Who is elected president could determine whether Israel moves forward.


That is NPRs Daniel Estrin in Tel Aviv. Daniel, thank you. You're welcome. Closing arguments are expected today in the second trial of former Louisville police, detective Brett Hankinson, he is charged with two felonies in the death of Breonna Taylor for depriving her of her civil rights and those of her neighbor during a botched police raid at her apartment in 2020. His first trial last November ended in a mistrial after the jury could not reach a verdict. This shooting along with the police killing of George Floyd triggered a national outcry over police violence, particularly against black people. Giselle Rodin with Louisville Public Media has been following the trial and she's with us now.


Good morning, Giselle. Good morning. Michelle. Hankinson testified in his own defense yesterday. What did he say? Well, Michelle, we heard what happened on March 13th, 2020 from his perspective. He said that he was called by a fellow officers to help execute a search warrant at Taylor's apartment. Hesson was there when police broke down the front door and we know that Taylor's boyfriend fired a single shot at officers because he thought they were intruders. His shot hit an officer in the leg and then police returned fire shooting a total of 32 times and killing Taylor. While all this is happening. Heon testified that he thought he saw a man with a rifle in the apartment shooting at officers. So what did he do then? So he testified that he went to the other side of the apartment to find a better shot that rifle.


He said he thought he saw. Police investigators would later say they never found a long gun in the home. Hankerson cried on the stand when he said he thought his fellow officers were getting killed. Hankinson said he fired 10 shots through a covered sliding glass door and a bedroom window from outside the apartment. But none of those struck Taylor. Some of his bullets, however, entered a neighboring apartment. Hein said he decided to shoot through the building to protect his fellow officers even though he couldn't see exactly what he was shooting at. So as we mentioned, this is the second time the US Justice Department has tried Hankinson for violating Taylor's civil rights. What makes this trial different from the last one? Well, last time the prosecution had several other Louisville Metro police officers testified to how dangerous heinen's actions were the night of the raid.


But in this trial, those same officers testified again, but added not only did Hankins actions in danger, the people in the surrounding area, but they said he also put his fellow officers at risk. And prosecutors said Hankerson went against police protocol since he couldn't identify what he was shooting at. And several of the officers testified that they were shocked and even confused when one of their fellow officers shot through the apartment allegedly without using target identification. In that other apartment was a pregnant woman, her boyfriend and her five-year-old son. Also different. In this case, Hankinson defense attorneys added a new witness they called James Borden. It's a police shootings expert. He analyzed what Hankinson did the night of the raid.


Borden said yesterday that Hankins actions were reasonable considering that an officer had been shot and someone had a weapon in the apartment. So what is next in this case? Well, Hankerson will be back on the stand later today. Then there may be additional rebuttal testimony and after that closing arguments will begin and the jury will begin deliberating and Hank's federal trial Last year, it took the jury three days to deliberate and the judge declared a mistrial because jurors couldn't reach unanim in's decision. If Hankinson convicted this time, he could face a maximum life sentence in prison and he would be the second officer convicted in this police raid. Like last time, most of Breon Taylor's family has been in court every day for testimony.


That is Gisele Rodent with Louisville Public Media. Giselle, thank you. Thank you, Michelle. And that's upfirst for Tuesday, October 29th. I'm Michelle Martin for your next listen. Tune into consider this from NPR. In the final week of the campaign, Donald Trump's closing argument to the American people leans into the extreme and divisive rhetoric he's been known for. Listen to consider this from NPR. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Megan Pratt, Ryland Barton, Russell Lewis, Olivia Hampton and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ana, Perez, Dumas, Chris Thomas and Chad Campbell. We get engineering support from Robert, Rodriguez and Arthur.


Laurent and Our technical director is Zac Coleman. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also support NPRs vital journalism and get upfirst Plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus NPR dot org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Betterment. The drama of having an enemy turned lover is never chill. But your investing portfolio should be. Betterment is the investing app that lets you be totally chill about your finances. Their automated tech makes it easy to get in the market and stay in the market. Save the drama for that moment when you realize your mortal enemy is actually your soulmate betterment. Be invested and totally chill. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Arm in their podcast, tech unheard arm, CEO Rene Hass and Nvidia, CEO. Jensen Huang discuss innovation in a rapidly transforming landscape available on all podcast platforms.