
The embattled nominee for Secretary of Defense quotes, president Elect Trump is offering support. It's A fight. They're coming after you get after It. So how is Pete Hegseth answering claims about his conduct over the years? I'm Michelle Martin, that Steve Inskeep. And this is upfirst from NPR News. New York City police are searching for the person who killed the head of America's largest health insurer. This was a premeditated pre-planned targeted attack. What do we know so far about the shooting? Also, we look at some of the side effects of mass deportations When there is an increase in deportations in a county that does not lead to more job opportunities or higher wages for US-born workers.


Stay with us. We've got the news you need to start your day.


This message comes from made in cookware. Did you know that many popular dishes in Tom Colicchio's Craft restaurant are made in made in cookware? Their carbon steel cookware combines the best of cast iron and stainless clad, gets super hot and is tough enough for grills or open flames. Remember what great dishes on menus worldwide have in common. They're made in maiden Save up to 30% from now until December 8th. Visit made in cookware.com. That's M-A-D-E-I-N cookware.com.


This message comes from BetterHelp Online Therapy. They want to make it easier for you to take a breather from the chaos this holiday season. Sign up for BetterHelp between December 3rd and fifth to get one free month of therapy. Then connect with a licensed therapist in as little as 48 hours from where, wherever you are. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash NPR between December 3rd and fifth for one free month of online therapy. That's better. HE p.com/ NPR valid for new US customers only.


This message comes from NPR sponsor the Capital One Venture X Card. Earn unlimited two x miles on everything you buy. Plus get access to a $300 annual credit for bookings through Capital One Travel. What's in your wallet terms? Apply details@capitalone.com.


President-elect Trump's pick for defense Secretary is fighting to save his nomination. Pete Hegseth is defending himself against allegations of heavy drinking, mistreatment of women, and the financial mismanagement of two veterans charities. The former Fox News host sat yesterday for an interview with another former host at that network, Megan Kelly, for her show on Sirius xm. He insisted that Trump pledged his support in these words. Hey Pete, I got your back. It's a fight. They're coming after you get after it. I think he'll be delighted that we're talking today. Yeah, and we're gonna do more talking. Hey, Seth is a veteran who wrote in books about purging woke culture from the Pentagon. Now he's the latest of Trump's nominees to run into trouble.


NPR Senior White House correspondent Tamara Keith is covering all this Tam. Good morning. Good morning. How Is Heg Seth defending himself when he steps out in public? He's saying that all of these allegations are part of a smear campaign from anonymous sources who don't like what he would do with the Defense Department. He also said he doesn't have a drinking problem, but he did promise to stop drinking if he's confirmed. Okay. He's meeting privately with the senators who will decide his fate, and he's also doing something very unusual for a nominee he's posting on social media. Published an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal and did that Meg Kelly interview. Even his mom sat for an interview on Fox and Friends yesterday to make a direct appeal to female senators saying her son is a changed man.


My colleagues on the Hill are reporting that while no Republican senators have said that they are a no vote enough have expressed reservations to potentially sink his nomination. Well, now the question is, I guess how far Trump wants to push this fight. We heard Hegseth quote Trump as purportedly offering support in private. What's he saying in public? Trump hasn't said anything in public. He hasn't weighed in. But yesterday he did announce more than a dozen other picks for administration jobs continuing what has been just this incredibly fast pace of making these announcements. Hegseth isn't the only headache though Trump's pick to lead the Drug Enforcement Administration withdrew This week.


And then of course there was Matt Gaetz for Attorney General who had to withdraw because he didn't have the votes to be confirmed. How does that record compare with past presidents? You know it, it's almost expected that at least one of a president's initial nominees will fail before getting to a Senate vote. It happened with Trump, it happened to Biden, Bush, Clinton. Obama actually had three picks withdraw. Hmm. But this is really, really early for two picks to be out already. Part of the reason is Trump has bypassed some of the typical vetting procedures. Max Steyer heads the Partnership for public service, which has long worked to improve presidential transitions. Haste makes waste. There's been some attention paid to the speed of the intended appointments.


But you don't actually go fast If. you don't do the necessary preparation work to make sure you're going well. And there is no, no prior incoming administration that has seen intended nominees blow up at the speed at which we've seen so far. You know, the Trump transition only just agreed to FBI background checks earlier. This week, more than a month late. Usually this sort of vetting is done quietly before picks are named to avoid embarrassment. And this time you have a cloud of self-inflicted chaos around the Trump transition because of the way they chose to do It. I'm interested in hearing that they've agreed to the FBI background checks. They initially seem not interested at all, and then Senators quietly said, we will be hearing from nominees who have been vetted only, and I guess they changed their minds.


Yep. N ps. Tamara Keith in West Palm Beach. Thanks so much. You're Welcome. Police in New York City are searching for the person who killed the CEO of UnitedHealthcare. Brian Thompson led the largest health insurer in the United States, and he was shot the morning of his employer's annual investors conference. A authorities said he was targeted and the shooting was planned. And Paris Maria Aspen is covering this story. Maria, good morning. Good morning, Steve. What have you learned? So this was shocking. Yeah. Yesterday morning, just before 7:00 AM Brian Thompson was shot as he approached a hotel in midtown Manhattan.


And I have to say, a lot of companies use this place for big meetings. I've been there for these sorts of events. Many times police say this wasn't a random act of gun violence. The person who shot Thompson was waiting outside specifically for him. This is NYPD police Commissioner Jessica Tisch. Every indication is that this was a premeditated pre-planned targeted attack. Police re-released surveillance footage and pictures of the alleged gunman. He was wearing dark clothing and a mask, and he used a pistol that appeared to have a silencer police say the gunman was waiting on the sidewalk for Thompson and shot him several times from behind as he walked by. Thanks for the detail about the silencer.


I looked at that weapon on the video and thought, wow, that's a long barrel. And wondered if that's what that was. So thank you for that. Now, as far as the victim, who was Thompson, So he was 50 years old. He lived outside Minneapolis with his wife and two kids, and he was a long time executive at United Health Group. He joined that company two decades ago and worked his way up as the company grew bigger and more powerful. Three years ago, Thompson took over the unit called United Healthcare, which is the largest health insurer in the United States. It has tens of millions of customers and it made almost $300 billion in revenue last year. But it's important to point out that as big as this insurance business is, it's just part of the larger United Health parent company, which isn't a household name necessarily, but it's one of the largest companies in the United States.


Yeah. And of course we're asking these questions because we don't know who the gunman was. We don't know what the motive was, but of course, you look into the affairs of this person who was shot So. what else does United Health own? It touches pretty much every part of the US healthcare experience. Steve, another big business that owns is Optum, which manages pharmacy benefits, or you might remember the change Healthcare hack earlier this year that's also owned by United Health. Okay. United is also the largest employer of doctors in the entire country. It said last year that IT employees are affiliated with 90,000 physicians. That's one out of every 10 doctors in the country. So with this size and scale, United Health has drawn a lot of criticism and scrutiny from consumers and regulators and lawmakers sometimes over how it wields its power.


Just last month we saw the Justice Department file an antitrust lawsuit trying to block United Health from buying yet another business for $3 billion. Health insurance companies make a lot of people angry. They reject claims, they do a lot of things that enrage people. Isn't that, don't they get a lot of threats? Yes. Healthcare executives receive a ton of threats. And part of that, Steve, as you said, is the general anger and frustration. So many feel over healthcare in the United States. The country has the most expensive healthcare in the developed world and some of the worst health outcomes. And since United Health is the biggest healthcare company, it's a key part of that system. So it gets blamed by a lot of people when the system doesn't work N bs. Maria Aspen in New York City.


Thanks so much. Thank you. Okay. If President-elect Trump succeeds in deporting millions of people from the United States, his administration will not be the first. Yes. In fact, the US has deported millions of people in the past, and that gives us a chance to answer a question. When you deport a lot of workers who are not citizens, does that improve the job market for people who are and other people in the US legally? NPR immigration correspondent, Jasmine Garst has been studying that. Hi there. Ja. Hi. What does the history show here about this idea, which is one of the reasons that the new administration gives for a mass deportation?


Yeah. So the Obama administration did a historic number of deportations, more than 3 million removals. I spoke to economists, Chloe East at the University of Colorado and Denver. She studied the effects of many of those deportations. So we see really clearly that when there is an increase in deportations in a county that does not lead to more job opportunities or higher wages for US-born workers, her Work also focused on something we rarely hear about, which is immigration as a way to create new jobs for American born workers.


How could immigrants, whether they're here legally or illegally, create jobs for American workers? Yeah, So let me give you an example. Earlier this year I was interviewing business owners in Florida, and the owner of one roofing company told me if I could hire more immigrant workers to do the roofing, then I could take on more jobs, which means I would need to hire a manager. I would need to hire and expand my accounting team. And all those jobs would go to US citizens. So we don't talk about this a lot, but economists do talk about this trickle down effect. Okay? So that doesn't mean that it is right or proper, that you have to agree with people coming here illegally or through asylum or anything else.


But in any case, it doesn't seem to cost Americans jobs. It may actually add American jobs if there are more people here and working. Exactly. So. what Professor East says is that for every half a million people deported, she estimates there were 44,000 fewer jobs for American born workers. The presidential campaign also touched on the idea that people here illegally are using resources, taking up housing, that this affects citizens. Are there findings about that? So we don't know what mass deportations are going to look like, right? But I wanted to bring it down to the day to day.


We know immigrant labor is inextricably linked to our food supply. So consider farm workers in California where a lot of us vegetables come from. Now over 90% of those workers are foreign born, mostly undocumented. I asked Professor East what could happen to, for example, the price of tomatoes, most of which come from California. Mass deportations in the Central Valley in California would reduce the number of people who are able and willing to pick tomatoes and also reduce the number of people who will drive the trucks from the tomato farms to the grocery stores.


And when there are fewer of both types of workers, there will be fewer tomatoes at the grocery store at all, which will make the price of tomatoes go up. So basically what she's saying is, if you're worried about the price of food now you should be worried about mass deportations. NPS. Jasmine Garst, thanks so much. Thank You. And that's upfirst for this Thursday, December 5th. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Michelle Martin for your next. Listen, why not consider, consider this from NPR. We hear it upfirst give you the three big stories of the day. Or consider this colleagues take a different approach.


They dive into a single new story and what it means to you in just 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcast. Today's upfirst was edited by Roberta Rampton, Russell Lewis Alfredo Carbo Howell, Lisa Thompson, and hj. My. It was produced by Ziat bch, Nia Demas and Katie Klein. We get engineering support from Misha Highness and our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus NPR dot org.


That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from Jackson. Seek clarity in retirement planning@jackson.com. Jackson is short for Jackson Financial, Inc. Jackson National Life Insurance Company, Lansing, Michigan, and Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York Purchase New York.


This message comes from Bombas Socks. Underwear and T-shirts are the top three requested clothing items by people experiencing homelessness. Bombas makes all three and donates one item. For every item purchased, go to bombas.com/npr and use code NPR for 20% off.