
Good morning. Ah, we have two hosts in the same studio today. It's very exciting. We're behind in our work though, because Layla and I were, We were trying to solve the world's problems. Thank you. That's a really nice, high-minded way to say We gossiping. We gossiped, we failed. President Trump claimed on social media that he made progress on a ceasefire between Russia and Ukraine. He'd been talking with Russia's Vladimir Putin, whose own statement suggested he's in no rush. What's the state of play? I'm Layla Fadden with Steve Inskeep, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Three of Israel's allies have warned Israel to end its offensive In Gaza.


They're objecting to an operation that intensified in recent days and an Israeli order for Palestinians to evacuate. How are Israelis responding to the pressure? Also, we've had an active tornado season, which is now a normal tornado season. It Used to be kind of unusual to see, you know, dozens of them in a day. And now we get that year after year. What evidence, if any, shows a link to climate change? Stay with us. We've ve got the news. You need to start your day


Support for NPR and the following message Come from GoodRx. Stop seasonal allergy symptoms with good Rx. Pay as little as $15 for common allergy medications. Plus find savings on everyday prescriptions for you and your family Pets too. GoodRx compares prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly finds discounts of up to 80%. GoodRx is not insurance and may beat your copay. If you do have it. Stop allergy symptoms before they start. Go to goodrx.com/ upfirst.


This message comes from Sattva Spring Cleaning can be good for your home and your mind. It can boost your mood, sharpen your focus and fuel productivity. Another way to do all that. Sleeping well voted best luxury mattress by sleep foundation.org. Every sattva is handcrafted for a great night's sleep and they cost far less than retail. This Memorial Day save $600 on $1,000 or more At sattva dot com slash NPR.


This message comes from Sattva Spring Cleaning can be good for your home and your mind. It can boost your mood, sharpen your focus and fuel productivity. Another way to do all that. Sleeping well voted best luxury mattress by sleep foundation.org. Every Saatva is handcrafted for a great night's sleep and they cost far less than retail. This Memorial Day save $600 on $1,000 or more At sattva dot com slash npr.


President Trump spoke with Russia's leader, Vladimir Putin for more than two hours on Monday about ending the war in Ukraine. And then Trump gave an account of the call. I said, what are we gonna end this splatter? I'd known him for a long time now. I said, when are we gonna end this bloodshed? This, this blood bath. It's a blood bath. Trump claimed some success towards peace, but Putin again resisted Trump's calls for an immediate ceasefire. Putin proposed more talks which would take place even as the war continues. NPS Charles Maines has been covering all this from Moscow. Hey there Charles. Morning Steve. What did this call accomplish? You Know, both sides were really complimentary about the tone of the conversation itself, which Trump called excellent and Putin said was constructive and useful.


But the two leaders seemed at odds about what had actually been achieved. Trump took to social media to say Russia had agreed to immediately start ceasefire talks and more importantly in Trump's words, seek an end to the war. But in a brief statement to journalist, Putin suggested he was in no hurry. So here Putin says he agreed with Trump to work with Ukraine on a memorandum about a possible future of peace deal, but made clear all sorts of details needed to be worked out before they could possibly lead to a ceasefire of some defined length. And moreover, Putin again emphasized that any peace deal would still have to address what he called the root causes of the conflict.


You know, that's always been Kremlin speak for Russia's fundamental desire to control Ukraine and Ukraine knows it. So not really changing any of the demands that Putin has had since 2022. How did Ukraine respond? Well, I think it's first important to point out that Trump held talks with Ukrainian leader Olo, Demir zelensky before the Putin conversation and after. So Trump is certainly giving Zelensky time and attention, but Zelensky has to be sensitive to offending Trump's desire to show progress here, or at least not appear to be seen as an obstacle to peace. All the more so because Trump is also suggesting new business opportunities for both Russia and Ukraine once the fighting ends. So speaking, after the calls, Zelensky repeated Ukraine's support for a full and immediate ceasefire, even as he really made clear he does not trust Putin's motives in these negotiations or Putin's blurring of the language of peace.


Let's listen. But Of course Russia is Russia. They want something, but they even don't know what they want. And when they say they want something, they want everything. Okay? So hard to see what the progress is. But we do have France, Germany, and the uk, other players here threatening more sanctions against Russia. If Putin doesn't agree to an immediate ceasefire, how do they see all this? You know, Putin's refusal to sign to this ceasefire deal puts Europe in an opposition. You know, do you let Trump's peace efforts play out or risk undermining them with pressure on Moscow? Now that said, even if Europe does choose to impose additional sanctions, Russian analysts say the Kremlin fundamentally doesn't see it as a threat.


Here's Ivanti Mafa with the Russian International Affairs Council in Moscow, Sanctions are inflicting harm, but this harm is not critical for microeconomic stability of Russia. And actually a further escalation of sanctions would probably be critical as well. You know, so the result says team of FEV is that Russia remains convinced it can simply afford to continue the conflict if or when these peace negotiations break down. So Moscow really sees little incentive to compromise here. Charles, thanks very much for, for breaking that down. Really appreciate it. Thank you. Steve N PS Charles Maines in Moscow.


Okay, ceasefire talks between Israel and Hamas are now at an impasse That's according to three people briefed on the negotiations who spoke to NPR and Israel faces unprecedented pressure from three allies. The leaders of the uk, France, and Canada are calling on Israel to end the war or face consequences. The death toll In Gaza is soaring. Hundreds have been killed in Israel's newest assault according to health officials In Gaza N ps. Daniel Astrin is gathering all the information You can in Tel Aviv. Hey there Daniel. Hi Steve. So what does Israel's offensive look like As best You can determine? Well, Israeli strikes have expanded across Gaza.


Israel has ordered a mass evacuation of civilians in southern Gaza in Han Yunis. It's affecting around a quarter of Gaza's territory. According to the United Nations, a Palestinian journalists there has sent us footage of people fleeing by foot. One young man, Taher Farrah was carrying a big yellow water can on his shoulders and a pile of mattresses. It's no longer livable in this land. He says, no food, no drinking water, no education, no healthcare, just displacement and humiliation and destruction. And every day we're dying. He says, and I wanna just tell you a few details of some of those who were killed. A para cycling team In Gaza is reporting their teammate.


33-year-old Ahmed Al Dali was killed and a colleague of ours from Gaza says his longtime neighbor had him, ab Busara, an older gentleman. He survived more than 19 months of war. He was just killed in a strike in his home in central Gaza. I should add, there was a spontaneous march yesterday In Gaza where people were protesting the war and chanting anti Hamas slogans. Okay, so this interesting in that last detail. So this is the context in which three longtime allies of Israel, the uk, France, and Canada are saying Israel should end all of this. How is Israel responding to that pressure? There is international pressure. Israel is responding to it allowed in a small number of trucks of baby food In Gaza so far.


That's after nearly three months of a blockade, Gaza on the brink of famine. The UN says that's not enough. The leaders of the uk, France, and Canada put out that extraordinary statement you referred to. I want to read you a few lines. They say the level of human suffering In Gaza is intolerable. The denial of essential supplies to civilians risks breaching international law. They say if Israel does not cease the renewed military offensive and lift restrictions on aid, they're threatening to take action. Steve, this is a big shift in rhetoric from these major allies. And Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has responded saying their statement rewards Hamas. Hmm. Well why are ceasefire talks at an impasse? Well, the prime minister of Qatar who is hosting the talks says the talks have gone nowhere because of fundamental differences between Israel and Hamas.


We've spoken to three people briefed on the talks, including an Egyptian official and a Hamas official. They spoke on condition of anonymity to give details. They say we are looking at the same longstanding impasse. Israel wants a temporary ceasefire and the release of some hostages, and Hamas wants much more. They want international guarantees that a temporary ceasefire would lead to the permanent end of the war. And the people we spoke to said the US refused to promise Hamas those guarantees. But we will have to see Israeli and Hamas negotiators are still in Qatar And NPRs Daniel Rinse is in Tel Aviv. Daniel, thanks so much. You're very welcome.


Kentuckians are recovering from last weekend's tornadoes, and they might be in for more dangerous weather today. According to the National Weather Service, much of southern Kentucky is at high risk for a significant tornado just days after a burst of storms killed more than two dozen people in that state, as well as in Missouri and Virginia. Earlier this spring, another cluster of deadly tornadoes tore across eight states in the Midwest. So is climate change making tornadoes more frequent? It's a question we poses from time to time, and NPRs Rebecca Herscher is here to talk through the evidence. Good morning. Good Morning. First, has this been a particularly bad spring for tornadoes? Well, yes, it actually has.


There have been more tornadoes than average, and that's according to data from the National Weather Service. So usually by this time in May, there have been a little over 600 tornadoes reported in the us but this year there have been more than 850 tornadoes, so significantly more. Okay. So is this just a bad year or is there evidence that the frequency is increasing in a, in a, in a real way over time? It's just a bad year. You know, the annual number of storms varies a lot year to year. So it's not surprising to have a really active year or two. Like this year, I spoke to a tornado expert about this. Her name is Melissa Helm and she helps lead the Midwestern Regional Climate Center at Purdue University. There's not really an increase or a decrease in the overall number of tornadoes that we see.


That number's been pretty stable, You know, year after year. That's going back to the 1950s. But here's what is changing. She says big outbreaks of tornadoes like the ones in Kentucky and Missouri over the weekend. Those are getting more common where lots of storms move over a really large area in a short period of time. Oh, this is interesting. And this is a thing that people have said about climate change, that you end up with more extreme weather events. So not more tornadoes total, but more of these clusters of tornadoes. Yeah, exactly. And helm says those clusters or outbreaks are a new phenomenon. In the past we didn't see, see the kind of large outbreak days that we do now. It used to be kind of unusual to see, you know, dozens of them in a day, and now we get that year after year.


Now she points out that warning people about those big clusters is really labor intensive. You know, it requires a lot of weather forecasters and radar data to track the storms as they move across multiple states, which is notable at a time when the Trump administration is cutting weather forecasting budgets. And there are a lot of vacancies in the National Weather Service. You know, during the outbreak over the weekend, the local weather service office in Jackson, Kentucky had to borrow forecasters from other offices in the region because they didn't have enough staff on their own. And that's according to a statement from the National Weather Service. I appreciate that last detail. It is the National Weather Service acknowledging this in a statement, so let's try to figure out what's going on. We understand that climate change can lead to more extreme weather events.


We have these more extreme weather events, but can we be a little more precise about the mechanics? Do scientists understand why big outbreaks of tornadoes are getting more common? I wish I could say yes, but unfortunately tornadoes are very complex and this is just one of many unanswered questions about how they're changing, especially as the climate changes. You know, in general, climate change is causing more severe weather. As you said, one of the ingredients for a tornado is moist, warm air. So obviously as the atmosphere heats up, it makes sense that tornado conditions could show up more. There have been some studies that suggest that there might be more tornadoes in the fall and winter as the earth heats up as opposed to now when most tornadoes happen in the spring and summer.


But it's really an area of active research. Rebecca, thanks so much. Thanks. That's N P'S Rebecca Herscher, and that's Upfirst for this Tuesday, May 20th. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Layla Fadden. The NPR app lets you keep public radio in your pocket. You'll find a mix of local, national, and international news, plus the best podcast from the NPR network. Download the NPR app in your app store today. How do you hear it if it's in your pocket? Anyway, today's episode of Upfirst was headphones. Oh, thank you. Thanks for the reminder, Bluetooth. There we go. Today's Upfirst was edited by Nila Banerjee, Ryland Barton, Carrie Kahn, Allie Schweitzer, and Alice Wolfley.


It was produced by Ziod bch, Ben Abrams and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Join us again tomorrow. I feel Like there are a lot of nice extra flourishes on all the names today. Thank You. I try to try to give people credit where I can.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management, and advice when you need it, You can also invest on your own and trade on, think or swim. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more


Support for NPR in the following message come from Washington Wise. Decisions made in Washington can affect your portfolio every day. Washington Wise from Charles Schwab is an original podcast that unpacks the stories making news and how they may affect your finances and portfolio. Host Mike Townsend and his guests explore policy initiatives for retirement, savings, taxes, trade, and more. Download the latest episode and follow At Schwab dot com slash Washington wise, or wherever you listen.


This message comes from, Greenlight. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, parents invest in so many things to enrich kids' lives. But are you investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, You can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/npr.