
Good morning. A Hello. Ready for the weekend? Yeah, I mean, I already got a list of chores ahead of me, so not that I'm that ready for it, but Honey, do I make the list out for myself? Do you really? So yeah. Yeah. Mrs. A, Mrs A has her own list. Maybe you could trade lists. Oh, no, no. See that's the thing. Oh, because if she does 'em, not the way I want them to be done. Oh, then I'll have to just do, so I'm gonna add add, you know, that's why I do the laundry. 'cause Oh, that's funny. My son-in-law does the laundry because he's so picky about it. Mr. Which I find hilarious, has No idea how to clean clothes properly. Or maybe she pretends not to know so that No, she's tried.


She's in the other room, so I can't speak. Oh, Okay. Okay. I'll just speak. Okay. But If we want fresh smelling, clean clothes, we have to do it. That's hilarious. President elect Trump moved quickly to replace his nominee for Attorney General. After his controversial pick. Matt Gaetz withdrew His new pick, longtime Ally, Pam Bondi. What does a shakeup mean for the Justice Department? I'm Michelle Martin. That's a Martinez. And this is upfirst from NPR News. Russian President Vladimir Putin claims the right to strike NATO countries arming Ukraine. In the last three to four months, the Russian military has been advancing at the fastest pace it has since the early part of the war.


How far might Putin go in his efforts to menace the West as he escalates his attacks on Ukraine And a massive storm is flooding the West coast. Could climate change be making these weather events worse? stay with us. So we've got all the news you need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares why Sattva Sales Associates are focused on finding the perfect mattress for their customers. At Sofa, we have a 365 day home trial. Why would we wanna rush you or try to push you into something that's not right for you? We wanna make sure that we guide you to the right mattress. Our team is always available to be helpful. To make sure you make the right choice, Visit SA tva.com/npr and save up to $600.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk, Merrill Lynch, Pierce Spanner, and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com slash upfirst.


President-elect, Donald Trump's controversial pick for Attorney General is officially outta the running. Trump Started the day yesterday with former representative Matt Gates as his nominee to become the next Attorney General. By the time the day was over, gates was out and Trump had a new nominee. Former Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi NPR Justice correspondent Ryan Lucas is following all of this. So Ryan, who is Pam Bondi? Well, To start with, she's a a former attorney general for the state of Florida. The first woman to hold that position. She served in that job for about eight years in her office. During that time, unsuccessfully challenged the Affordable Care Act among other actions that she took before that. She worked for nearly two decades as a local prosecutor in Florida and a statement in which Trump announced his decision.


The President-elect said that as a prosecutor, Bondi was very tough on violent criminals. And as a State Attorney General, he says that she worked to stop the flow of deadly drugs into Florida. Trump has known Bondi for years. He says she's smart, she's tough, and that she will focus the Justice Department on fighting crime. Now, Michelle mentioned that Bondi is replacing Matt Gates. Walk us through what happened with Gates's nomination. Well, Look, gates was a, a huge surprise when Trump picked him and it was clear from the outset that he was gonna face a difficult climb to confirmation. The reasons were pretty clear he'd been the subject of a federal sex trafficking investigation, one that ended without charges, it has to be said. But also the House Ethics Committee was investigating him over allegations of sexual misconduct and illicit drug use.


Gates has denied any wrongdoing, but all of that baggage was put front and center the minute that Trump picked him for Attorney General Gates said in a statement yesterday that it was clear to him that his confirmation was, as he put it, unfairly becoming a distraction to the Trump Van's transition. He said there wasn't any time to waste, and he on what he called a drawn out fight over his confirmation. And so he withdrew his name from consideration for Attorney General. You mentioned that Trump has known Bondy for years. What do we know about their history? They have known each other for years. In fact, they faced questions over a political donation that Trump made to support Bondy's reelection campaign when she was Florida Attorney General, and a decision that her office made not to pursue legal action against Trump University.


They have denied there was anything improper with that. But Bondi has long been a supporter of Trump. She spoke at the 2016 Republican National Convention when Trump was running for president. Then she was an attorney on Trump's legal team during his first impeachment trial. She now leads the legal arm at the America First Policy Institute. That's a, a right wing think tank that's led by some former Trump administration staffers. So Bondi is very much a Trump supporter in someone who's very much rooted in Trump world, All. right. So assuming Bondi is confirmed, how important could she be to Trump's second term agenda? Well, look, this is a really big, really important job. It's an important job in every administration because the Attorney General is in charge of the a hundred thousand plus people who work for the Justice Justice Department.


The job oversees the FBI, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Attorney General prosecutes federal crimes. They enforce civil rights laws. They play a big role in national security. They at root, are responsible for upholding the rule of law. But Trump and his team, we know view Attorney General as one of the most important jobs in his incoming administration. In part that's because Trump had a rocky relationship with the Justice Department in his first term. But it's also because Trump has claimed that the Justice Department was weaponized against him. And during the campaign, he repeatedly talked about seeking vengeance against his perceived political enemies, including folks at the Justice Department. And so a big question for Bondi, if she's confirmed, is whether she will use the powers of the Justice Department to pursue Trump's state of desire for retribution.


That's NPR R'S Justice correspondent Ryan Lucas. Ryan, thanks. Thank You. Russian leader of Vladimir Putin says his country has the right to retaliate against NATO countries that arm Ukraine. Yeah, Putin made this direct challenge to the West in televised remarks yesterday. There he is saying Russia will respond accordingly to any NATO country that allows its weapons to be used to strike Russian facilities. It's the latest instance of Putin taking an even more aggressive posture toward Ukraine and the West. To hear more about what this could mean, we're joined by NPR national Security correspondent Greg Myy.


Greg, good morning. Hi Michelle. So Russian missiles strikes are a daily occurrence in Ukraine, but when yesterday was particularly significant, why was this different? Yeah, Michelle, shortly after the missile hit the central city of Nepro on Thursday, the Ukrainians said this was a missile they hadn't seen before. One that releases multiple warheads as it approaches the target. Now, here in Washington, the National Security Council described this as an experimental intermediate range ballistic missile. It said the warheads carried conventional explosives, though they could deliver a nuclear weapon. And this was a very calculated move by Russia. The Pentagon said Russia did give the US a heads up shortly before the missile was launched.


What Message is Putin trying to send here? That Russia is prepared to escalate and NATO could become a target. Putin linked the Russian missile strike directly to Ukrainian attacks earlier This week when Ukraine fired American and British missiles into Russia for the first time. Putin went on to say that Russia has the right to strike these NATO countries that allow their weapons to be used against Russia. So a very direct challenge to the US and European allies that are arming Ukraine. We should also note that Putin This week lowered the threshold for Russia to use nuclear weapons saying they could be employed. When the country faces a critical threat, which is obviously a very subjective term, It does feel like every day This week has brought some kind of significant and even ominous development.


Are we at a particularly dangerous moment? So that's what Michael Kaufman says. He's with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. He recently returned from Ukraine where he's been visiting regularly since Russia's 2022 invasion. He says, the events This week come as Ukraine is still struggling to halt a Russian offensive in the eastern part of the country. In the last three to four months. The Russian military has been advancing at the fastest pace it has since the early part of the war without effectively stabilizing the front and exhausting the Russian offensive momentum could accumulate behind the Russian War effort. So he noted the Russians are suffering massive casualties and can't sustain this pace indefinitely.


But right now they do have the upper hand. Okay, But how about the Ukrainians? How are they coping? Yeah, Kaufman says the war is taking a cumulative toll on soldiers and civilians. Here's how he put it. Everyone I spoke to still has a strong will to fight, but there's a general sense of pessimism, which is difficult to avoid. Looking at the situation Ukraine finds himself in and the current trajectory of the war, And as Ukrainians look ahead Michelle, they, they see additional challenges. President-elect Trump takes over in two months. He wants negotiations to end the war. But Kauffman said, we shouldn't assume Putin will negotiate. He doesn't think Putin will negotiate seriously if he believes he's gaining ground.


And also Ukrainian civilians are expecting another long, hard winner with their electricity grid under Russian attack. That is NPRs Greg Myy. Greg, thank you. Sure thing, Michelle. A powerful storm has been soaking Northern California and Oregon This week bringing high winds and flood risks that continue today. It's known as an atmospheric river. A big question is whether climate change is making these storms worse. Lauren Summer from NPRs Climate Desk is here to explain. So Lauren put this storm into perspective for us. I mean, what are the impacts the West Coast is seeing now?


Yeah, it's a really intense storm and it's slow moving. So that means a lot of rain. You know, atmospheric rivers are basically these plumes of moisture that move across the Pacific Ocean. And if you look at a weather map, it actually kind of looks like a fire hose is pointed at the West coast, it's, it's pretty narrow, so it doesn't affect the whole coast. These storms are important. They're how California gets as much as half of its rainfall every year. So they carry a lot of moisture. And this one has been affected by another weather system nearby, which is a bomb cyclone. Bomb cyclone. Love the term. I don't know if I like what happens after a bomb cyclone. What's, what is the actual term for a bomb cyclone though? Yeah. Okay. So technically it's bomb biogenesis.


That's Better. That's a better name. Yeah. It's basically when there's a rapid drop in air pressure in a short period of time, and that means the storm is intensifying. So higher winds and more rain and some parts of the West coast are expected to see up to 16 inches of rain. When this storm is finally done, it's causing flood warnings on some rivers, although it is pretty early in the season. So rivers are low for the most part, and that means there's more room to absorb that water All. right. So climate change is influencing storms like hurricanes. Is it making atmospheric rivers like this one worse? Yeah. So atmospheric rivers are a regular thing on the west coast, right? But the role climate change is playing is actually a really big question that scientists are trying to sort out because as the planet warms up, it does make rainfall more intense.


There's more evaporation and warmer air can hold more moisture. So storms just, you know, have more to work with. That's very clear in the Midwest and the Northeast where rainstorms are already dropping more rain on average. But you know, I talked to a scientist who has analyzed storms on the West Coast Park Williams, who's a professor at the University of California Los Angeles. And he found so far storms are not dropping more rain than they used to in California, Not dropping more rain. Why is that? Yeah, he says, while there is more water vapor that can fuel those storms, there's been this circulation pattern in the atmosphere that swept a lot of it to other places. So it hasn't resulted in heavier rainfall on the west coast overall, but you know, by the second half of this century, that will probably change if the planet heats up even more.


With climate change, it's Important to be mindful that we expect precipitation events in the Western US to get more intense in the future. We should be planning for that. And so the fact that that we haven't seen it yet doesn't mean we, that we shouldn't be preparing for it to occur. You know, even today's storms can already cause dangerous levels of flooding that happened in California in 2023. And so our infrastructure, you know, roads and storm drains and flood channels, it already gets overwhelmed in certain years. So there's a lot to address here, even when you take climate change out of the picture. All, right, that's Lauren Summer from NPR, R'S Climate Desk. Lauren, thanks. Yeah, thank you.


Before we go, we have an update on an international development. The ICC issued arrest warrants for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and former defense minister Yoav ga. There's also an arrest warrant for Hamas Commander Mohamed Dave, although it's unclear if he is still alive. As the war in Gaza continues, he's wanted for alleged war crimes including attacks on civilians. During Hamas' attack on Israel on October 7th, the International Criminal Courts charges against the Israeli officials include alleged war crimes related to Israel's military actions. In Gaza, prosecutors cite reports of indiscriminate attacks on civilians and withholding vital aid.


Netanyahu dismissed the warrants as anti-Semitic, and President Biden also criticized the iccs decision, calling it outrageous. Meanwhile, some US senators threatened sanctions against the court. Now it's unclear if the Democratic LED Senate will take up those sanctions in the couple of months it has left, but it is something to watch for when Republicans take control next year. And that's upfirst for Friday, November 22nd. I'm a Martinez. And I'm Michelle Martin. And don't forget upfirst Airs on the weekends too. Aisha Roscoe and Scott Simon have the news. It'll be here in this feed or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Jason Breslow, Andrew Sussman, Nila Banerjee, Mohammad Al Bari.


Ali Schweitzer was produced by Zi bch, Nia Dumas and Milton Gada. We get engineering support from Robert Rodriguez. And our technical director is Zach Holman. Join us again on Monday. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org.


That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.