
On day 100 of his second term, President Trump celebrated changes to America in his second term. Those changes include a trade war, punishing perceived political enemies and invoking wartime authorities. I'm Steve Inskeep with Leila Faddle, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Steve Bannon, a sometime advisor to the president, talks of a busy summer. I think the convergence, particularly of spending cuts and the simultaneously constitutional crisis that we're hurdling to is gonna make this summer, a summer like no other. How is a populist podcaster defending the president's first a hundred days? And what does he see in the next a hundred And Congressional Republicans?


Return from recess with a goal of passing the president's so-called big, beautiful Bill in a month. Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day For media to tech, to politics. The world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now@donate.npr.org.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPRs Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


Imagine If you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to Nvs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


President Trump took a victory lap in Michigan last night In 100 days. We have delivered the most profound change in Washington in nearly 100 years. I read a editorial today that this is the most consequential presidency in history. How about that? It's a little early for that superlative. But Trump's critics and fans alike agree that these a hundred days were consequential. Trump has pushed the limits of presidential power. He invoked wartime authorities to crack down on immigration. He punished his political enemies and launched a trade war that shook consumer confidence and also shook us relationships with the world. Joining me now to talk about this milestone, his NPR Senior White House correspondent, Tamara Keith.


Hi Tam. Good morning. Good morning. So that was a long but incomplete list of what President Trump has done since January. So suffice to say a lot has happened. How did the president take stock of things at his rally last night? Well, he covered all of that and more in a 90 minute speech that was actually rather joyful by Trump's standards. You know, at times during the campaign, his speeches got pretty grim. But this was his first rally since inauguration day, his first time fully feeling the embrace of the MAGA faithful. And he comes alive with a crowd, especially when he can boast about owning the libs and taking back the country from a quote, sick political class.


We are stopping their gravy train, ending their power trip, and telling thousands of corrupt, incompetent, and unnecessary deep stake bureaucrats. You are fired. Get the hell outta here. You're fired. Get outta here. He also talked about paper straws and low flow shower heads, along with border security working to bring down prices. And there were also, as always, plenty of exaggerations and outright falsehoods throughout. I wanna ask you about the difference and the similarities with Trump's first term, which you also covered. What are you seeing as the key differences so far?


He has a lot more experience. As a long time Trump ally told me he has been through the knife fights and knows how to use the levers of power, and he's having an easier time of it so far as well. During Trump 1.0, he faced pushback from within his own administration. The second Trump administration is all loyalists. Gone are the establishment Republicans who saw themselves as guardrails, working behind the scenes to temper his plans. And Congress is more compliant as well. Most of the Republicans who criticized him last time are no longer in office. A big test of that is coming soon though. And Trump last night seemed to be transitioning to a campaign style push for what he calls his one Big Beautiful Bill, a massive tax and spending cut measure that Trump is urging Republicans to pass quickly.


He has done a lot through executive action in these first 100 days, but he's gonna need Congress for this. And what about the similarities? Well, last night Trump complained repeatedly about polls. He said he couldn't possibly be valid. That's the raft of public polls out in recent days, indicating Trump has the lowest approval rating at the 100 days mark of any president. In 80 years. A lot of Americans told pollsters they think Trump is going too far. And like in his first term, significant parts of Trump's agenda are being held up in the courts, which he made clear he isn't happy about the courts. And the polls are the two biggest hints of gravity that Trump is experiencing right now.


N p's. Tamara Key, thanks for joining us, Tam. You're Welcome. The president's sometime advisor, Steve Bannon expects a busy summer. Bannon has a front row seat for whatever happens. He broadcasts a daily webcast from a Washington DC townhouse that we visited this week. There's gonna be a confrontation. I think the convergence, particularly of spending cuts and the simultaneously constitutional crisis that we're hurdling to is gonna make this summer a summer like no other. Now, Steve Bannon promoted Trump's cause back in 2016 and worked in the White House for a time. Now he is pushing the administration to go even further.


Political observers still follow Bannon as one of several indicators for where a part of Trump's coalition may be going, And that is one reason we've been over to see him. So Steve, what faction does Steve Bannon represent? Well, He says he represents the working class. The average person, we should be clear. Bannon is a Harvard MBA made lots of money on Wall Street and Hollywood. And in the first Trump administration, he had the Elon Musk role, the upscale advisor. This time around, he's had his differences with Musk. He talks about oligarchs. He attacks Wall Street and the economic system, and he spends a lot of time on his podcast and webcast insisting that working class is being screwed. He talks about income inequality, which is a widely accepted idea.


People on the left right can nod their heads when he talks about that. The debate, of course, is about his solutions, which involve attacking the bureaucracy and expelling immigrants without legal status. And even some people with legal status. And what's he saying as Trump finishes a hundred days? Tamara just said that polls indicate Americans think Trump has gone too far. Bannon wants more. Okay. More intense attacks on universities. For example, he wants to go after public universities, not just the elite private ones. Trump has canceled some student visas. Bannon was on his program Monday talking about sending home hundreds of thousands of Chinese students, all of them immediately if it were up to him. If Bannon is conservative, what's he say about Trump's treatment of the constitution?


Oh, we had a very long discussion, yeah, about this. The Supreme Court, of course, unanimously said that people who are being thrown outta the country deserve some kind of due process. This is includes Trump appointees. A Trump appointed judge said due process hadn't even been followed in one case for a 2-year-old US citizen recently. But Bannon is using this phrase that's very common on the right judicial insurrection. Hmm. Saying judges are improperly standing in the way of the President. We also, in this conversation, talked about the president's claim of sweeping powers to raise tariffs. And here's how some of that discussion went. Does it concern you at all that a president could claim the power to completely transform the economy all by himself?


Just on his say so. Well, it's not just on a say so. It is, he did execute emergency powers to do this, given the the emergency that's there both on fentanyl and on the national security. But The emergency is, he says there's an emergency. That's all there is. No, He gave back up document to on the fentanyl issue and also Canada and the deficits alone. The trade deficit's $25 trillion, brother, that's not an emergency. The US does have an annual trade deficit with other nations, which the White House estimates at $1.2 trillion last Year. Okay. So now Bannon has been provocative, controversial for years. He supported Trump's effort to overturn the election he lost in 2020. Yep. He's favored attacking the government bureaucracy urge, giving it quote, blunt force trauma.


But here's a question. What is the future that he wants to see? We got a sense of that in this part of the interview. We gotta start making things again. The high value added part of manufacturing has to come back. Something that a man or a woman can have a job and have a family and have their spouse stay home if they so want and raise their kids. Once we're back to that, the country's gonna be vibrant and robust again. He's looking at an older idea of the economy, which is connected to a more traditional idea of the family. Of course, we're far from that now. And as we heard, Bannon is forecasting a summer of crisis. Fascinating. So the full interview video interview is at the NPR app. And elsewhere Republicans in Congress return to Washington this week after a two week recess Ready to make good on President Trump's promise to pass a big bill full of his top policy priorities in the house.


They say the goal is to write these plans covering everything from taxes and immigration to spending cuts and pass it by Memorial Day, which is less than a month from now. And Pier Elena Moore is following this and she joins me now in studio. Hi Elena. Good morning. Good morning. So Republicans have been talking about their plans to pass President Trump's agenda for some time now. Just remind us of where they are in this process. Yeah. Well, a few weeks ago, the House and the Senate approved a budget framework for this big spending bill. Now, house Republicans say they're focused on drafting and agreeing to all the pieces of the legislation. Based on that framework. Here's how Republican congressmen and majority leaders, Steve Scalise put it to reporters on Tuesday.


All of our committees have been meeting both individually. We've been meeting with the president for about a year to get to this moment and start delivering on those things that we all ran on. Yeah. And house committees are planning to release and work through their proposals for the spending bill over the next few weeks. After that, the house budget committee will work to put it all together so the whole house can vote. And we should say, Layla, this is entirely a partisan process and Democrats who don't have the power to stop this are unanimously opposed. Okay. Elena Memorial Day is about a month away. Yeah. Does it seem like they will actually be able to meet this goal? Well, republicans wanna pass a lot of policy, but some of it is divisive even among Republicans and that's just a difficult task given their razor thin majority.


It means Republicans need virtually full party support to get this bill over the finish line. So they need to keep different factions of their conference happy. Plus, there's already one big problem. House committees have been directed to propose at least 1.5 trillion in cuts in the Senate. They're supposed to slash just 4 billion in cuts, but they've promised to cut more. Okay. So they're working with different numbers. But what about policy? What are the biggest divisions right now? Well, one is over the future of Medicaid, the government insurance program available for low income Americans and folks with disabilities. It falls under the House energy and Commerce committee's control.


And the committee is looking to propose 880 billion in cuts. Hmm. And Democrats point to a recent analysis from the nonpartisan Congressional budget office to conclude that cuts to Medicaid would have to happen in order to get to that number. Still, you know, some Republicans have come out strongly against this, both in the House and in the Senate. You know, it's something Missouri Senator Josh Hawley told me he's not gonna compromise on, given just how many people in his state rely on both Medicaid and the related children's health insurance program. Some People, I think, would like to cut Medicaid. That's a, that's a goal. They view that as a feature, not a bug, but I view it as a bug. I mean, I'm, I'm not gonna vote for Medicaid cuts, not with 21% of my state, including a lot of kids who are getting Medicaid or chip.


What else are they considering? Well, Some committees have started to spell out what they would already cut. Just this week, the House Committee on Education and the workforce released their spending proposal, which includes scrapping some current student loan repayment plans and capping how much Americans can borrow from the government. So we'll be watching how lawmakers negotiate these cuts over the next few weeks. That's NPRs Elena Moore. Thank you, Elena. Thanks. And that's a first for Wednesday, April 30th. I'm Layla Foaled. And I'm Steve Inskeep.


You can listen to this podcast sponsor free while financially supporting public media with UPFIRST Plus sponsor free because you are sponsoring the programming, which means it's in your interest. Learn more at plus dot NPR dot org. That's ps dot NPR dot Org.


On today's episode of Upfirst, was edited by Roberta Rampton, Reena Advani, Kelsey Snell, Vincent Ni, Jana Williams, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Zid Bch, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Damian Herring and our technical director is Carly Strange, who is Also supportive. Wouldn't you agree? I agree. Absolutely. We can't do this without her. Happy You join. Happy you join us. Happy you join us tomorrow. I'm now my uncle. Is that How your uncle would Say it? I feel like the other day somebody was like, are you going to Vermont for skiing? And I texted wrong and I said, I'm not going for a skiing. And she was like, who are you? Okay. Anyways, hope you, hope you join. Hope you join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst Plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


There was Barb Inheimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four Superman for a guide to the movies and TV we are most excited about this summer. Listen to the Pop Culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.


Do you think you have a DHD? You're not alone. After the pandemic hit, there was a huge jump in A DHD diagnoses among adults. And at the same time, the internet is more and more obsessed with saying everything is a sign of it. You might Have ADHD To identify the red flags when a diagnosis goes viral. Listen to the, it's been a minute podcast today.