
Hi, this is Steve Inskeep. Glad you're joining us for upfirst and There are other ways to make sure you don't miss any developments in this election season. Every weekday you find a new episode of the NPR Politics Podcast with context and analysis on the big stories. And second, consider. This is the podcast where NPR covers one big story in depth every weekday evening, so upfirst in the morning. Consider this in the evening, the NPR Politics podcast whenever There are big political developments and around the clock news survival kit from NPR News. Former President Trump spoke in New York's Madison Square Garden. He spoke of the enemy within, while others called Puerto Rico.


A floating pile of garbage and claimed vice President Harris was low iq. Is that Trump's closing argument? I mean Martinez. That's Steve Inskeep. And this is a first from NPR News. NATO allies are worried over thousands of North Korean troops assisting Russia and its war against Ukraine. What's at stake? Nearly three years since Russia's full scale invasion. Also, the World Series shifts to the East coast. Tonight for game three high Flight Bull, The Yankees are hosting. Will they make a comeback after giving up a bunch of homers and losing the first two games? stay with us. We've got the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Walmart. Walmart is fueling American jobs and strengthening communities with an additional $350 billion investment in products made, grown or assembled in America. This commitment to US manufacturing is helping local businesses across the country hire more people and support their local communities. Learn how Walmart is supporting us manufacturing by visiting walmart.com/america at work.


This message comes from Carvana. Whether you need weeks to research the perfect car or know exactly what you want, Carvana makes car buying easy. Choose from Carvana's massive inventory using customizable search tools. However you buy, buy your car with Carvana.


Both presidential candidates spent Sunday at high profile events. Yeah, vice President Harris spoke at a Pennsylvania church and urged supporters to work to the end of an extremely close election. Well, when I think about the days ahead and the God we serve, I am confident that his power will work through us because church, I know we were born for a time such as this. As Harris drew on her faith, former President Trump was in New York holding a rally at Madison Square Garden and one of the speakers described Harris as quote the antichrist. That was one of many insults in grievances as Trump made his final appeal to the nation.


NPR political correspondent Danielle Kurt Labban was in the arena. Danielle, good morning. Good Morning. What was it like? Well, It was a Trump rally, but it was dialed way up in intensity. It started with more than four hours of guest speakers and the first guest of the night set what was a pretty vitriolic tone, comedian and podcaster. Tony Hinchcliffe joked that Puerto Rico is a floating island of garbage. He also said that Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelsey might be the next OJ Simpson. Kelsey, of course, is dating Harris supporter Taylor Swift. So what we have here seems to be a joke about killing one of the most famous women in the world. And it just went from there. One speaker seemed to imply that Harris is a prostitute.


Tucker Carlson made fun of Harris being biracial. He also called her low iq. Later in his speech, Carlson nodded to the racist great replacement theory. So it just overall a really inflammatory night Given that Republicans are trying to appeal to all kinds of people. This doesn't sound like a unifying message. No. And that matters. I mean consider the gender gap in this election. Polls show Trump is ahead with men that he's well behind with women. Well, when one of his openers jokes about Taylor Swift being killed by her boyfriend, that arguably isn't a winning message for those women voters. And especially think about it and contrast that with Harris's current message, which is highlighting women who have lost their lives or had their lives threatened by the overturn of Roe.


That is a stark contrast. Similarly, talking about great replacement theory and joking about Latinos. It's easy to see how that might not endear Trump to Latino voters. Now, you talked about unifying people. Well, Trump often gestures towards unity. He did that last night. He called the GOP, the Party of Inclusion, but he also doubled down on those comments he made recently calling Democrats the enemy from within and suggested using the military against them. Here's what he said last night. They're smart and they're vicious and we have to defeat them. And when I say the enemy from within the other side goes crazy, becomes the sound ho, how can he say no?


They've done very bad things to this country. They are indeed the enemy from within. And Danielle, this is one of Trump's signatures. When he is called out on something, he repeats it, Right? Yes. And as the end of the campaign nears, he really still is very clearly showing that he is who he is. Right? He doesn't back out from anything. Now he is adding in some new things. Last night he rolled out a new proposal. He proposed a tax credit for people caring for family members, which by the way, comes weeks after Harris proposed her own plan to expand Medicare to cover that caregiving. So new, new things still happening. Okay, NPR political correspondent, Daniel Kurt Labban, hope you get some sleep. Thank you.


The president of Ukraine, Vladimir Zelensky and the South Korean government have both been warning that North Korea is sending soldiers to help Russia fight. Last week, defense Secretary Lloyd Austin confirmed the US is seeing the same thing today, high ranking South Korean officials are briefing at NATO headquarters to share their evidence. Let's bring in Terry Schultz who covers NATO for us in Brussels. Hi there Terry. Good morning Steve. So what is happening with this meeting with South Korean officials? Well, this new level of collaboration between Moscow and Pyongyang is really causing a lot of concern. You know, it's something we've been hearing from the Ukrainians and South Korean governments for some time. But then the US and NATO would just say they didn't have evidence of it.


Here's how nato Secretary General Mark Rouge responded about a week ago. If they would be sending troops to Ukraine, that would mark a significant escalation that would really be important. And then last week, defense secretary Austin did confirm the US believes at least 3000 North Korean soldiers are in Russia. And he too called it a very serious escalation. A couple of other European governments have now said their own intelligence reflects this. So today's briefing is really about getting all 32 NATO allies on the same page. And representatives from Japan, Australia, and New Zealand have also been invited as part of NATO's ongoing effort to have closer ties with these four Asia Pacific countries. In particular, I don't fully understand why Russia and North Korea would go to this trouble.


How much can 3000 North Korean soldiers really affect the conflict Well taken as part of Russia's fighting force? You're right, they've got hundreds of thousands of, of troops on the field. It doesn't seem like 3000 would be a lot, but Ukraine says There are signs up to 12,000 are already being trained for this purpose from North Korea. And the concern is that there may be many more North Koreans who could be deployed. Meanwhile, Ukraine of course, is struggling to recruit more of its own people to fight. And I, I guess that is part of this. It's a game of numbers. It's a war of attrition. And so it's one more source of soldiers for the Russian side. That's true. And and that's the first thing. Anything that's bad for Ukraine is also bad for NATO allies who support Ukraine. That's why they're taking more notice.


So these North Korean troops, as of this weekend are said to already be sent to the frontline in Russia's curse region. And you'll remember this is where Ukraine sees some territory in August. And that incursion has given Keith some leverage, which Russia wants to reverse. But There are other concerns. North Korean troops getting battlefield experience, which they haven't had since 1953. No is very disturbing for South Korea. They're of course most worried about an attack from North Korea, but also other western partners in the region. And then there's this point, nobody knows exactly what else. Russia and North Korea might increasingly be exchanging ballistic missiles. Nuclear know-how they've recently signed a mutual defense treaty. So it could be basically anything. And North Korea's already believed to have sent Russia a million rounds of artillery and other military equipment.


Okay, so NATO is talking about this, but what can NATO do about all of this? Yeah, That's one point. They can't really do much. They can issue a statement about how this cooperation is unacceptable messages they've already been sending, but NATO doesn't have the authority to tell North Korea or Russia what to do. These South Korean intelligence officials will also be briefing the European Union though, and on the EU side of things, they can put more sanctions on these already heavily sanctioned countries. It's unclear whether that would stop them from doing anything like this. Unfortunately for Ukraine, it's hard to imagine there'll be any dramatic change for the better. South Korea though is thinking of directly providing weapons for the first time. But no NATO countries are considering sending troops to help the Ukrainians.


The way the North Korea is aiding Russia. Oh, interesting about South Korea. Terry, thanks so much. Sure. Steve, that's reporter Terry Schultz in Brussels. Okay. We're two games in and the 2024 World Series between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the New York Yankees is already one for the history books. Yeah, it's Been fun to watch Friday's game one ended in the 10th inning with a dramatic first ever walk off Grand Slam. Here are Fox announcers reactions, high Fly bull indeed back and You seem a little Excited.


Hopefully he's got a voice right for the rest of the series. Dodgers won both the first games in LA and tonight the series goes to the east coast. That's where the Yankees will host games three, four, and if necessary, Steve five. Okay. Reporter Steve Fetterman was a Dodger stadium for the first two games. Steve, they pay you for this. You're at the game. They pay you for this. Yes. Amazing. Anyway, I hope it was a lot of fun. Let's get to one of the more pressing issues though, as we head toward game three, the Dodgers great show. Hey, Tani got hurt in game two, so will he play tonight? Well, yes. All signs certainly point to Tani playing here tonight at Yankee Stadium, he hurt himself in game two trying to steal second base. As he was sliding, he braced himself with his left arm on the infield dirt that apparently caused a partial shoulder separation.


Oh ow. It was quickly apparent that he was in pain. The announcers on Fox quickly noticed And he's in some pain if Tiny's grabbing his left arm. No, that is not a good sign. Definitely not when you have the highest paid player in maybe sports history. But the Dodger manager, Dave Roberts, told reporters yesterday that in New York, Tani has pretty much gotten back his normal range in his shoulder is feeling better and he does expect him to play. Guys have had this before and played, and again, it's just everyone's tolerance. H How compromised do you think he might be playing? I don't, I don't see him being compromised. It's it's, it's the left shoulder, which is the back shoulder.


So I don't see how that affects, affects his hitting. If he's able to go, I really don't. So if o is indeed in the lineup, he'll be in that familiar position leading off for the Dodgers in the very first inning. Okay, So the Yankees lose twice. The Dodgers win twice. We've still got a ways to go, but what does history tell us about this position? Well, Historically, teams that win the first two games, not a surprise, go on to win the series more often than not 80% of the time. But there have been many times, 10 times in fact that teams have come back from those O2 deficits. In fact, the last time these two teams met the Dodgers and Yankees, 19 81, 19 78, that's exactly what happened in 78.


The Dodgers won the first two games, they're all excited. Then they go back to New York and the Yankees win four straight. Wow. Three in New York, the last one in la three years later, just the opposite. The Yankees take the first two games in the Yankee stadium, come back to LA the Dodgers, sweep them there and then wrap it up in New York. So it's obvious you have to win four, not two. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I, I was just, just a little kid when that 81 series, I still have some memories of of that. But let's talk about the series. Over the weekend, Aaron Judge kept coming up to the bat and I'm like, wow, Aaron Judge is up there, something's gonna happen and then nothing would happen. What's going on? Yeah, He's listen, he's having a tough postseason, which sometimes great players do.


He's been New York's everything throughout the season. Best batting average among the Yankees, best number of home runs, not just in the American League in all of baseball, more than o, but here in the World Series so far, just one for nine. And at bats he struck out six of those nine at bats. And some of them have come at some cri, very critical situations where he could really have brought home some runs with a solid hit. Just having a bad postseason, he's hoping playing at home might give him that spark to, to change. Things Ain't over till it's over. Steve Derman, thanks so much. Thank you Steve. And that's up for us for this Monday, October 28th.


I'm Steve Inskeep And I'm May Martinez. How about giving, consider this from NPR. A listen, conservative Christian support for former president Donald Trump seems to be unwavering. A North Carolina pastor says is a simple reason why listen to consider this from NPR. Today's upfirst was edited by Megan Prince Ryland Barton, Russell Lewis, Olivia Hampton, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Anna Petti, Nia Demas and Chris Thomas. We get engineering support from Arthur. Laurent and Our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us tomorrow.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Betterment, the emotional build of a will. They won't, they love. Story is never chill, but your investing portfolio should be. Betterment is the investing app that lets you be totally chill about your finances, their automated technology and tax smart tools are easy to set up. So, you can focus on navigating any will. They won't. They love stories that come your way. Betterment be invested and totally chill. Learn more@betterment.com. Investing involves risk. Performance is not guaranteed.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus, tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.