
Experience necessary. What kind of experience President elect Donald Trump announces his picks for his national security team? What signals is he sending about his second term priorities? I'm Aroko. And I'm Scott Simon. And this is upfirst from NPR News. Loyalty seems to be a common factor in Trump's choices to lead defense, national intelligence, and the CIA more on that in a moment. And some good public health news rates of syphilis, chlamydia, and gonorrhea have dropped. We'll hear the reasons why Also the United Nations Climate Change Conference is underway, is a deal for wealthy countries to help developing ones getting closer to reality.


So please stay with us. We have the news you need to start your weekend.


This message comes from better help. It's important to take time to show gratitude towards others, but it's equally important to thank yourself. Life throws a lot of curve balls, and being grateful isn't always easy. Therapy can help remind you of all that you're worthy of and all that you do have. Let the gratitude flow with better help. try@betterhelp.com slash npr today to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from Carvana. Carvana makes car selling easy. Enter your license plate or vin, answer some questions, and Carvana will give you a real offer in seconds. Whether you're looking to sell your car right now or whenever feels right, go to Carvana dot com to sell your car the convenient way.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Sattva Sattva. Luxury mattresses are every bit as elegant as the most expensive brands, but because they're sold online, they're about half the price. Visit SA tva.com/npr and save an additional $200.


There's been a lot of buzz over who President-elect Trump wants. In his new administration, Several nominees for his national security team are better known for their enthusiastic support for Trump than their experience. NPR national security correspondent Greg Myy joins us now. Greg, thanks for being with us. Hi, Scott. Help us put some of these selections into perspective. Tulsi Gabbard, nominated for Director of National Intelligence. She is a veteran and a former democratic lawmaker. Yeah, she would be responsible for overseeing all 18 intelligence agencies. and you know, just four years ago, Scott, she was a congresswoman from Hawaii, ran for the Democratic presidential nomination, but then she quit the party and became this huge Trump supporter.


She's never worked in the intelligence community and has taken a number of very controversial foreign policy positions. You know, just days after Russia's massive 2022 invasion of Ukraine, she took to social media and called the leaders of Russia, Ukraine, and the US to quote, embrace the spirit of aloha, respect and love. Now if confirmed, she'll be one of the president's top advisors on this war. And, and Scott, I just wanna quickly mention another nominee, John Ratcliffe to head the CIA. He served briefly as director of National Intelligence in Trump's first term, but only after a big battle with Democrats who said he lacked experience. We're hearing that same criticism again In his first term.


Donald Trump chose more traditional experience figures who were sometimes described as the adult in the room. Why the different approach now? Yeah. Trump felt he was being undermined in his first term by security officials with the Russia investigations into the 2016 presidential election. He openly quarreled with them. You know, one really memorable moment was when Trump stood next to Vladimir Putin at a summit in Finland and said he believed the Russian leader and not the US Intelligence Agency when Putin said he hadn't interfered in the US election. You know, Trump just cycled through multiple national security officials and he, he increasingly chose loyalists at the end of his first term.


And that's where we're starting the second term. I ask Ian Bremmer, the global affairs analyst who runs the Eurasia Group, how he sees Trump's new national security team. Lighter experience generally would be perceived as less capable on the national security defense than foreign policy space, but clearly more alignment, more loyalty personally to Trump. Greg, what what might have inspired Donald Trump's nomination of someone we see have seen on our monitors here in the studio? Fox News host Pete Hegseth for Secretary of Defense. Well, Scott, you know, I think you've probably seen him using that perch to criticize the Pentagon Brass.


He says American troops are poorly served by what he calls woke generals. He says they're more concerned about diversity, gender, and cultural issues than the ability to fight wars. He's an outspoken opponent of women in many combat roles. He's aggressively defended US troops convicted of war crimes, and, and Trump has actually responded by pardoning some of them. He's just 44. He was a major in the Army. National Guard served in Iraq and Afghanistan, but he's never held a senior position in national security or managed a large organization. He'd be in charge of a defense department that has about 3 million employees worldwide.


National security issues don't take a break. And President Trump, from the moment he, he takes the oath of office is going to face some tough issues, including Russia's war in Ukraine. What, what should we expect? Yeah. Trump on the campaign trail said he could end this war, the Russia, Ukraine war in a day. But he hasn't said how he could do this. He could cut military assistance to Ukraine or pressure that country to make territorial concessions. Now, Ian Bremmer says Trump will take a very transactional approach and he may get some short term victories here, but he says Trump is unlikely to worry about the broader consequences. The question is, what does that mean long term for America's system of alliances that it's built up over many decades that comes from mutual trust and consistent commitments that the Americans uphold over time.


I mean, Trump is likely to do a lot of damage to those institutions long term. So We've discussed Trump's more controversial picks, but we should note he has had some more experienced nominees that he's chosen that do have broad supports. They include Florida Senator Marco Rubio, chosen to be Secretary of State and Florida Congressman Mike Waltz, tapped to be the National Security Advisor And p Greg Myy. Thanks so much. Sure, thanks Scott. New data from the federal government shows that cases of sexually transmitted infections are coming down. NPRs Will Stone joins us now.


Will, thanks for being with us. Sure, thanks Scott. What can you tell us about these latest numbers? So This report focused on syphilis, chlamydia, and gonorrhea cases from last year. Overall, there were over 2.4 million of these three sexually transmitted infections in the US and that represents a slight decrease of about 2% compared to 2022. So we're not talking about a massive change year to year, but just to put this in context, Scott infections had climbed in recent years to historically high levels. Overall, they're up about 90% over the last two decades, which means the fact that cases seem to be slowing down now is actually quite promising.


Do we have any sense of why things are improving? The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is still sorting through the data, trying to figure that out. A few things do stand out. Gonorrhea cases are down for the second year. Also, syphilis appears to be slowing down after years of significant increases. Here's what Dr. Bradley Stoner from the CDC told me. I think That we're seeing a prevention impact of work that's going on in communities all over the country and it's really starting to show some benefit, but also there's tremendous amount of work left to do so we just can't, can't waste the momentum. When you look at who is being most affected, a, A couple trends are clear. People in their teens to mid twenties account for about half of the cases, men who have sex with men are disproportionately affected.


There are also racial disparities with new cases affecting black Americans. In particular. Dr. Stone mentioned prevention efforts. What do those look like exactly? So this is the work that happens on the local level with health departments. There's education and awareness, access to testing and treatment, and having more people who do the frontline public health work. They're known as disease intervention specialists. Basically, they investigate outbreaks and help patients navigate the healthcare system. David Harvey thinks they had a big part to play in this improvement. He leads the National Coalition of STD directors, which the CDC calls STIs now and says there was funding from Congress in response to Covid several years ago that supported this workforce that ended up benefiting STI prevention work too.


We think it's a meaningful outcome from this investment of additional dollars, and we don't think this will be sustained. In other words, without more investment, he expects the numbers will go up again and he points out the base funding for the CDC on STI prevention is half of what they think it should be. He said there are some really troubling trends, notably around congenital syphilis, literally thousands of babies being born with syphilis in a year. Well, what are the prospects for this work continuing given the changes in Washington dc? Yeah, obviously, Scott, there are questions about funding priorities with the new Congress and administration, especially in the realm of public health.


That said, the first Trump administration took interest in this issue. It actually started the ending HIV initiative and came up with the first federal STI action plan, which is due for an update. So there will certainly be wrangling over the budget, but Harvey is cautiously optimistic that this should be a bipartisan work And bears WIL stone. Thanks so much. Thank you. The annual UN Climate Meeting COP 29 is at the halfway point in Baku. Azerbaijan Negotiators are working out details for how wealthy countries will help developing nations in a warming world.


Jeff Brady from N P'S Climate Desk joins us. Jeff, thanks for being with us. Good morning, Scott. What Have negotiators accomplished so far? This week, You know, from outside it doesn't look like much. There's a lot of technical work going on behind the scenes right now to get to a financial agreement in the next week. But some of the most compelling moments have been speeches from leaders of developing nations. Here's The Bahamas Prime Minister Philip Davis, reminding that global warming is everyone's problem. The fires that devour your forests, the hurricanes that shatter our homes are not distant misfortunes, but shared tragedies. What we endure, you endure what we lose, you lose.


And if we fail to act, it'll be our children and grandchildren who bear the burden. And that underscores the goal of these negotiations, which is getting wealthier countries to commit many billions of dollars to help developing nations. These are countries like The Bahamas that did little to cause global warming, you know, burning fossil fuels, but they're suffering the consequences. Country signed the Paris Climate Agreement almost a decade ago that that aims to limit how warm the planet will get. How's the world doing? So far, Far the the Paris goal is to limit warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. That's 2.7 Fahrenheit over pre-industrial temperatures.


And scientists tell us that's what's needed to avoid some really bad climate effects. We're already experiencing some of them more severe storms, you know, flooding, extreme heat. Wealthy countries agreed to cut greenhouse gases first, but the world is not on track to meet that Paris agreement goal and will likely push past that goal. The US, for example, is supposed to cut climate pollution in half by 2030. We're on track for about 40% now. But you know, scientists say every little bit of warming we avoid will make a big difference in the future. Chapter countries says any penalties that they don't meet those commitments and, and if not, what are these COP meetings trying to do?


There aren't penalties. This process is more about countries agreeing to do things and then holding each other accountable. For example, at last year's UN climate meeting in Dubai countries pledged to triple renewable energy. By the end of this decade, this year, the International Renewable Energy Agency came back with a report showing countries are not on track to meet that pledge. So now there's pressure for countries to step up construction of things like wind power and hydropower and, and geothermal energy. And of course, America's just elected a president. Now, president-elect's called climate change a hoax. Donald Trump says he'll pull the US out of the Paris Agreement again.


How does that affect the toxin Baku? You know it, it's part of the discussion, but not as big a topic as I expected. One reason is that it takes a year to withdraw from that agreement. So the US is expected to be back at COP in Brazil next year. There's talk about who will step up, you know, to fill the US leadership gap in the meantime. Maybe China, maybe the European Union, but there are some unknowns here. The CEO of ExxonMobil, he recently asked Trump not to pull out of the Paris Agreement. He says, business needs certainty and we're gonna see what President-elect Trump decides there. Meantime, at the UN climate meeting, there's still some optimism.


There'll be some sort of finance agreement announced in the next week or so. Jeff Brady from NBRs Climate Desk, thanks so much for being with Us. Thanks for having me. And that's upfirst for Saturday, November 16th. I'm aye Roka. And I'm Scott Simon, cast of dozens makes this podcast possible. Our producer is Michael Radcliffe with help from Lauren Maki, Fernando Naro, and Ryan Bank All Right director's Danny Hensel. And he is taking a maiden voyage with a new cake pan today as he bakes a chocolate hazelnut. Krista, we wish him the best of luck. Our editors are Andrew Sussman, Scott Hensley, Sadie Babbitt plus, Dee Parva, Matthew Sherman, Melissa Gray, who would be a great co-host for upfirst and Shannon Rhodes.


She'd like a piece of that csta. Hannah g lna is our technical director with engineering support from Andy Hether, Arthur Halladay. Lorena and Ted, me Bain. He's csta curious but says chocolate chip cookies are the thing. Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Lucy Oliver is our executive producer And Jim Kain is our deputy managing editor. We've all been wondering what he does here Tomorrow on The Sunday. Story mining companies have long had their eyes on the world's ocean floor and now they have the technology to get to it. The race to mind. The sea floor is about to take off. And for more news, interviews, sports and music, you can tune into weekend edition on your radio.


Go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station And to learn about Krista, I'm not what a crysta is. Okay. S Fancy Brownie All, right? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus, tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Anthropic. Meet Claude the AI assistant by anthropic. Claude can help with any project from brainstorming a bedtime story to building software. Join people around the world already working with Claude. Learn more at anthropic.com/claude.