
President Trump declared a ceasefire had begun between Israel and Iran. But then Israel says Iran fired missiles. Iran denied it, and Israel vowed to respond. Is the ceasefire already over? I'm Michelle Martin with Lela Fado. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. The Supreme Court reverses a decision to pause the deportation of immigrants to countries they're not from that has immigrant advocates worried. The risks of harm that people face are extreme. I mean, they include torture. They include death. That harm cannot be undone. What Reason did the justices give for that decision? And New York City's Democratic mayoral primary is today. It's a tight race between a new face in the Democratic Party and a political veteran.


Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day


Support for NPR and the following message come from Indeed. You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed claim your $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash npr. Terms and conditions apply.


This message comes from Ethos Life Insurance made easy. With Ethos, You can get up to 3 million in coverage in as little as 10 minutes all online with no medical exam. Just answer a few health questions. Customize your best rate across their multiple trusted carriers. Some policies are as low as $2 a day. Build monthly help protect your family's future with life insurance. From Ethos. Get your free quote@ethos.com slash first. That's EHO s.com/first.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management and advice. When you need it, You can also invest on your own and trade on, think or swim. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more.


12 days ago, Israel began striking Iran damaging its nuclear facilities and killing scientists and military officials, some in their homes. The conflict quickly escalated and over the weekend, the US got directly involved dropping Bunker Buster Bombas on key nuclear sites. Last night, president Trump announced on social media that there is a ceasefire. And shortly after Vice President Vance was on Fox News trying to turn the page on the conflict, I think The president really hit the reset button and said, look, let's actually produce long-term peace for the region. That's always been his goal, But the situation at the moment is quite fluid. It is. And joining us to talk through what's going on is Senior White House correspondent Tamara Keith.


Hey Tam. Hi. So what can you tell us about the ceasefire Overnight? We got word that both Israel and Iran had agreed to the ceasefire, but right up to the time it was supposed to take effect. Israel intensified its strikes in Iran. And then just as it should have been taking effect, Israel says Iran sent a barrage of missiles in its direction, something Iranian state media is denying. Now, Israel's defense minister says he has ordered a forceful response involving quote, intense strikes against targets in the heart of Tehran. So it looks like the firing hasn't ceased, but the situation is often pretty dicey and uncertain at the start of any ceasefire.


Just after one in the morning, president Trump posted on his social media site imploring in all caps. Please do not violate it. Last night when he announced the ceasefire, he said it should be called the 12 Day War. Already naming it in anticipation that this means the war is over. Yeah, it, it feels like so much has happened in a matter of hours. I mean, yesterday people were glued to their televisions as Iran retaliated against the US strikes in Iran with strikes of its own on a US airbase in Kaza. What impact did that have? You know, Trump downplayed the significance of the Iranian retaliatory strikes, right? Noting that the US had gotten a heads up, which minimized the damage. There were no injuries.


Trump called it weak, symbolic, maybe a better word for it. Since the Iranians fired an base in Qatar where the president had delivered a speech to US troops just last month, and then shortly after those missiles streak through the sky, Qatar played a key role in brokering this 10 u s Ceasefire. Okay. Well, the White House has been saying that Iran's nuclear program is destroyed after the US strikes. You know, experts have questioned that. Any updates on the impact there, Right? As you say, outside observers say it is unlikely that it has been totally destroyed. Satellite imagery shows that US missiles hit their targets with accuracy. But what is less clear is whether the nuclear materials were there and whether they were destroyed.


Trump went after journalists reporting this as fake news with no credibility. Last night on Fox News, Brett Bear pressed vice President JD Vance, on whether the administration knows where Ron Stockpile of highly enriched uranium is located now and Vance Sidestepped. Well, Brett, I think that's actually not the question before us. The question before us is, can Iran enrich the uranium to weapons grade level and can they convert that fuel to a nuclear weapon? Vance said, the US strikes it destroyed Iran's ability to enrich the fuel to the level needed to make a weapon. You know, At various points in this conflict, the president has issued threats to Iran's supreme leader, even floating regime change saying it wouldn't be a bad thing.


What is he saying now? Well, now the White House is saying is that what Trump meant was that it's up to the Iranian people to decide in terms of actions being louder than messaging. The ceasefire agreement was reached with the existing regime On prs Tamer Key. Thank you, Tam. You're welcome. A US Supreme Court ruling handed down last night makes it easier for the Trump administration to deport immigrants to countries that are not their own. A federal judge in Boston had put that plan on hold saying Deportees were being denied due process. But the Supreme Court yesterday reversed that enabling those deportations to continue.


It's a decision that is alarming. Many immigrants rights activists, NPRs Toia Smith joins us now from Boston. Good morning, Toia. Good Morning. So what do we know about the court's reasoning here? Actually, not much because the justices did not explain their reasoning at all in their order. And that's not uncommon in an emergency request like this. But the court's three liberal justices dissented and they wrote 19 pages about their reasoning. So I can tell you they have concerns about due process and they worry that this decision basically rewards lawlessness as they put it. They say the Trump administration quote openly flouted court orders regarding deportations. And it has made clear that it feels unconstrained by law free to deport anyone anywhere without notice or an opportunity to be heard.


And I'll just add a federal judge in Boston, Brian Murphy, who was appointed by former President Biden, he suggested in his case, the government's behavior might amount to criminal obstruction. Okay. So we know a lot about why the three justices dissented. What kind of reaction to this decision have you heard from outside the court? Well, as you alluded to a lot of concern from immigrant rights groups, one called the ruling disastrous saying that thousands of migrants could now be sent to countries where they might be at risk of torture or inhumane treatment without a chance to challenge their deportation ahead of time. I also spoke to one of the lawyers who started this case, and when Hughes, she represented eight men who were being deported to South Sudan, a country they had no ties to.


And she argued they were denied their due process. Now she says she's worried for many more. The risks of harm that people face are extreme. I mean, they include torture, they include death. That harm cannot be undone. And I mean, it's terrifying, frankly. So what does the Trump administration say to that? Well, they argue that it's what they call activist judges who are overstepping what's lawful by imposing what they call onerous requirements that infringe on the president's authority. The Department of Homeland Security hailed yesterday's Supreme Court order as a victory for their efforts to remove the worst of the worst undocumented immigrants in a social media post DHS said, the people being deported are convicted murderers, child rapists, and drug traffickers.


So uniquely barbaric, DHS says that their own countries won't take 'em back. DHS ends its posts saying quote, fire up the deportation planes. Now this isn't the end of this legal dispute. Right, Toia, what happens now? That's right. Even though this order came from the Supreme Court, it's not the last word here. The underlying issue of what is adequate due process for Deportees is now pending in a federal appeals court. Yesterday's supreme court order is just about what happens in the meantime. And I'll note this does not really change things. For the eight migrants whose deportation started this case, the ones who were gonna be sent to South Sudan but were diverted to Djibouti in East Africa, the first few of them are now being given their due process by remote hearing from Djibouti.


Judge Murphy from Boston ordered that saying, since DHS failed to do it before the deportations, DHS needs to do it now. And last night, judge Murphy made clear that order still stands so bottom line for those men, their due process rights appear more secure, at least right now than they are for others who may face deportation in the future. NPR Svia Smith, thank you for your reporting to Thank you. New Yorkers are heading to the polls today to vote in the Democratic mayoral primary. Yes, there's a crowded field there on the democratic side with the winner likely to become mayor of the country's largest city.


Joining us now to explain what's at stake is N p's Sarah Ventry in New York. Sarah, good morning. Good morning. Okay, Sarah. So it's a primary, but today's election could actually determine the city's next mayor, right? Yeah. So there is only one Republican candidate this year, and New York City is heavily democratic. So whoever wins today's primary will go up against that one Republican candidate. And current New York City mayor Eric Adams, who was elected as a Democrat but is now running as an independent now even though he's still in office. In September, Eric Adams became the first sitting New York City mayor to face criminal charges including bribery and fraud. A federal judge did drop those charges, but his popularity has plummeted as a result.


So these democratic candidates are front and center. There are a total of 11 and the two most talked about are current member of the New York State Assembly, Iran Momani, and former New York governor Andrew Cuomo. Now you might remember that Cuomo resigned as governor following sexual harassment allegations, and it was uncovered that his administration lied about the number of COVID deaths in state run nursing homes. So Momani and Cuomo, they're leading in the polls. There's a lot of backstory to Cuomo as you just pointed out. Looking ahead, what are the issues that are coming up in this campaign? Well, affordability is a big one, especially housing and the cost of living in New York. Also, public safety and education have come up a lot.


Cuomo is campaigning as a centrist and Momani is much more progressive. He's a democratic socialist. Now also, what's happening this time in voting is ranked choice. How does that work? Okay, Layla, this is New York. So let's imagine you're ordering a bagel, okay? Okay. It's like telling the guy behind the counter, I want in everything. But If you don't have that, I'll take a pop. And If you don't have that, I'll take a sesame. Same with mayor. You get to choose your top five candidates in order. The votes are counted. And if one candidate has more than 50% of the vote, that person wins. If not, the candidate in last place is removed and the votes are counted again. So if your everything bagel was eliminated, then your vote gets redistributed to your second choice, the poppy.


And this continues until there are only two candidates left. At that point, the one with the most votes wins. Okay, I think I want all political systems explained to me through bagels from now on. So how does this change campaigning? Well, it means there's an interesting twist where it can actually be strategic for candidates to endorse one another as a way to try to knock someone else out of the ranking. So for example, Zoran Ani cross endorsed two other candidates, including Brad Lander. Here's a clip of them endorsing each other. Zoran, you've done a remarkable job building, a historic grassroots campaign for a New York City. All New Yorkers can afford Brad. You've been a principled, progressive leader in our city for years.


That is not something you hear very often on the campaign trail, but together they're hoping to overpower Cuomo. Okay, Sarah, before I let you go, it is hot today in New York City. Is there any concern that will affect voter turnout? Yeah, There is Layla. It is so gnarly out there. The high is 99 today. There's an extreme heat advisory and there is some concern that this is gonna make it really difficult for people like older voters, those with disabilities or those who are ill. The Board of Elections says it is taking steps to try to keep voters safe at the polls On p's. Sarah Ventry in New York. Thank you Sarah, and stay cool. Thank you. You too.


And that's a first for Tuesday, June 24th. I'm Layla Fal. And I'm Michelle Martin. Your next listen is consider this from NPR. We hear it first, give you the three big stories of the day. Our consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single new story and what it means to you. Learn about a big story of the day in less than 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Roberta Rampton, Gigi Douban, Andrea De Leon, Jana Williams, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziad Bch, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Zo Van Ginhoven and our technical director is Carly Strange.


Join us again tomorrow.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, one password, secure access to your online world. From emails to banking so You can protect what matters most with one password. For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/npr.


This message comes from Warby Parker prescription eyewear. That's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium material starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you're tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees, and free perks, Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees. Extra Mint Mobile for details.