
President Trump calls this Liberation Day as in tariff day. We are going to be very nice by comparison to what they were. Markets have been jittery in anticipation. Will tariffs help or hurt the economy? I'm Steve Inskeep with Layla Foal and this is Upfirst from NPR News. It was the most expensive judicial race in US history. And despite Elon Musk putting his money in support buying a conservative candidate, liberals held onto their state Supreme Court majority in Wisconsin. I never could have imagined that I'd be taking on the richest man in the world. How did this race become a referendum on Musk? And the Trump administration has admitted to deporting a Maryland father by mistake.


If they're allowed to get away with this, then it means that the immigration laws are meaningless. All of Them Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you are tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees and free perks, Mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month. Five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees, extra Mint Mobile for details.


From media to tech to politics, the world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now@donate.npr.org.


There was Barb Heimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four Superman for a guide to the movies and TV we are most excited about this summer. Listen to the pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.


It's a big day on President Trump's calendar, something he's been calling Liberation Day. A Day when he says he is going to make good on a promise to impose tariffs on many, many countries. I think people will be pleasantly surprised, but it's gonna make our country very rich 'cause we are the piggy bank that everybody steals from and they've been doing it for many years, for decades. So we're not gonna let it happen. The President says he is made up his mind on which tariffs to impose where. Although we don't know the details yet, markets have been nervous leading up to this day amid concerns that taxes on imports hurt rather than help the US economy and also raise consumer prices. NPR White House correspondent Danielle Kurtz Labban is here to tell us what to expect.


Good morning, Danielle. Hey, good morning. What do we know about these tariffs? Well, we know Trump's going to lay them out at a Big Rose Garden event at 4:00 PM Eastern, but his team has given few details on this. He and his advisors, in fact, were still working on the tariffs yesterday, which is itself notable. I mean, this is a potentially sweeping trade policy that has not been clearly communicated yet. But as for what he's announcing, these are what he's been calling reciprocal tariffs, which he has said could apply to many different items and all countries. And he's long described them as mirroring other country's tariffs. So give us an example there. Sure. So this week, white House Press secretary Caroline Levitt showed reporters a graphic of all kinds of tariffs on US goods.


And one example was Mexico's 150% tariff on American alcohol. So a reciprocal tariff in this example could be the US imposing a 150% tariff on Mexican alcohol. Now again, I wanna stress, this is just a hypothetical I'm giving, but in this example, that would mean US importers would pay a 150% tax to bring that alcohol into the country. And in most cases, we could expect American businesses to either eat that cost or pass it on to consumers. Okay, so that sounds like it could get pretty expensive. Yeah, it could. And stock markets and consumers are taking Trump seriously on this.


A consumer confidence and stock indexes have been plummeting as reciprocal tariff day has grown closer. And amid that, Trump seems to have softened on this idea of equal tariffs here. He was talking to reporters this week. They took advantage of us, and we are going to be very nice by comparison to what they were. The numbers will be lower than what they've been charging us. And yesterday, Levitt also said different countries have been lobbying the president's team. Trump has left the door open to exceptions, but he has also said he doesn't want many. Okay. Given that we don't know the details of these tariffs, do we know anything about how they'll affect people here in the us? Well, we have some broad ideas.


One is that they'll lead to higher prices. The Yale Budget Lab did one hypothetical modeling of what these tariffs could look like, finding that in the short run, they'd cost the average household around $3,000 a year, and those costs, by the way, would hit lower income households harder than higher income. Okay. If this is so risky for the economy, what has the president said about why he's doing this? Well, the Trump administration says this is about fairness and also about creating manufacturing jobs. That's what Trump ran on, and a lot of his base is in blue collar jobs like manufacturing. And some manufacturers could be helped by the tariffs. I mean, if goods from other countries get more expensive, it would mean people in the US would buy more goods made in the us.


But some US manufacturers will also pay more for materials which could offset whatever benefits they might see from the tariffs. And there's one more economic risk, and that's that other countries see this and then they retaliate with their own tariffs and farmers would be a likely target there. So there's a real risk here for Trump. He has acknowledged that these tariffs could cause short-term pain, And that means voters could easily in the future pin any weakness from the economy on him. NPR is Danielle Kurz. Labban. Thank you, Danielle. Thank you.


President Trump was not on the ballot, but elections in two states are being viewed as an early indicator of how voters feel about him. After his first few months in office in Florida, republicans hung on to two congressional seats in deeply read districts cementing their slim majority in the US house Solid for Republicans, although the margins were a little bit less than they were just last year in Wisconsin, in what became the most expensive judicial race in American history, the Liberal judge Susan Crawford, was elected to the state Supreme Court. She beat conservative Brad Shimel, who ran with Trump's endorsement and some $20 million from Elon Musk along with groups affiliated with him. Here's Crawford Last night.


As a little girl growing up in Chippewa Falls, I never could have imagined that I'd be taking on the richest man in the world for justice in Wisconsin, and we won. Chuck Koba of Member Station, WUWM, joins me now from Milwaukee. Good morning, Chuck. Good morning. Okay, so what happened in the race? Well, in the end, the liberal judge from Madison Crawford, one with a comfortable margin about 235,000 votes, nine percentage points over Shimmel. The conservative judge from suburban Milwaukee Crawford even took some counties that have gone pretty often for Republicans in recent years, including Brown County.


That's mainly Green Bay, where Elon Musk held a rally Sunday night. One of the other big stories from last night was the surge in voter turnout on both sides. Early voting and in-person voting exceeded many clerks expectations. And of course there was the spending. Both sides spent really big. Yeah, Musk and groups associated with him, spent about 20 million. Crawford had a lot of money to spend though too, including from mega donors like George Soros and Illinois Governor JB Pritzker. Now, Elon Musk became a big part of this race, as you point out, and Trump's endorsement too. Anything to take away from Kimmel's loss in that regard? Well, A few things. This race, even though it was the court is nonpartisan, it was definitely a win for Democrats and they're claiming victory against the President, his administration and Musk and I heard that from voters too.


They say Musk's Doge effort is going too fast, too broadly from young voters. Though I also heard a lot about reproductive rights, which was the big issue in the last state Supreme Court election we had here two years ago for more conservative voters, I heard support for the President and for Musk And that Shimel could protect Trump's policies and agenda. The state GOP says they're disappointed about last night, but are looking forward to 2026 when they say they'll have the opportunity to defend President Trump's agenda in more elections. Okay, so back to the court. Liberals have kept their majority, what cases are expected to go before the justices? Well, abortion is already in front of the court.


They're gonna have to have to decide soon on whether an 1849 Wisconsin law that halted abortions here for 15 months right after the Dobbs decision is constitutional next the matter of Act 10. That's the big fight from 15 years ago that curtailed union bargaining rights for most public sector workers. The court could decide if parts of that law are unconstitutional. And one issue we heard a lot about from Musk and was congressional redistricting, his contention, the Democrats would try to pick up a couple of US house seats here. Democrats told me last night when I asked about this, Hey, we want to enjoy Crawford's win and our lawyers will decide whether to pursue the redistricting issue before a court that will stay four to three liberal.


Chuck Koach of member station WWM. Thank you, Chuck. Thank you. On Friday, a lawyer plans to ask a court to order the return of his client to the United States. President Trump's administration admits sending the man to El Salvador despite knowing about a court order, preventing them from doing that. Responding to questions from reporters press Secretary Caroline spoke of Ilmar, Armando Abrego Garcia. Well, first of all, the error that you are referring to was a clerical error. It was an administrative error. By calling it an administrative error, the government avoids saying they deliberately defied a court order.


The government goes on to assert that a judge should have no power to overrule the mistake and the administration does not want to bring the man back anyway. The administration maintains the position that this individual who was deported to El Salvador and will not be returning to our country was a member of the brutal and vicious MS 13 gang. His lawyers questioned the government's claim that he is a gang member at all, says he wasn't convicted of a crime And that he was not supposed to be sent specifically to El Salvador. N P'S Immigration policy reporter Jimena has more. Hi, Jimena. Good morning. Okay, so tell us what we know about who Abrego Castillo is and what happened to him. He Was from El Salvador and living in Maryland with his child and his wife, who is a US citizen.


But Abrego Garcia already went through immigration courts in 2019. He served, was served with his notice to appear before a judge. The judge found that he could be deported, but Abrego Garcia was able to make the case against being deported back to El Salvador. The government appealed but lost, and then last month he was apprehended by immigration officials once more, and his wife only realized that he had been transferred to a mega prison in El Salvador because she recognized his tattoos on a photo from the El Salvador government. Okay, so the administration admits in court, they knew they couldn't deport him to El Salvador, but they deported him anyways. Yes, in court filings, immigration officials admitted that Abrego Garcia's deportation was an administrative error, but they are doubling down on his deportation.


Vice President JD Vance alleged on social media that Abrego Garcia is a member of the MS 13 gang Abrego Garcia's lawyer, however, disputes the claims of criminal history, noting that he's never been convicted of a crime in the US or any other country, nor has there been significant evidence of his ties to the gang. His lawyers argue that the government could have deported him anywhere but El Salvador, but they ignore those earlier orders. So what does his lawyer say about this insistence by the government that Garcia cannot be returned? Simon Sandoval Moberg, who is representing Abrego Garcia, raised concerns about the implications that this has on other immigration court cases. I mean, if they're allowed to get away with this, then it means that the immigration laws are meaningless, all of them.


On Friday, he will ask a federal judge to order the US to bring Abrego Garcia back. The government is poised to argue that it's too late because Abrego Garcia is in the custody of another government. But his lawyer says that if courts cannot order him returned from a place he should legally not be. Eventually the government could do the same to a US citizen. Now are these men that have been detained and accused of crimes like being part of a criminal gang, supposed to get due process? Depending on where you're detained and how long you've been in the country, you could have your day in court to convince a judge that you should stay. The government brings their own attorneys to argue that you should be removed and then people get a chance to defend themselves.


Sometimes that defense can be claiming asylum or asking to not be deported to a specific country. Then a judge decides whether they agree And that didn't happen in these cases. Npr, r's, Jimena Castillo, thank you so much. Thank You. And that's Upfirst for Wednesday, April 2nd. I'm Layla Alden. And I'm Steve Inskeep.


For your next listen, consider, consider this from NPR News. We hear it Upfirst give you the first three big stories of the day and are consider this colleagues take a different approach, diving into a single news story. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Roberta Rampton, Acacia Squires, Anna Yuko of Lisa Thompson and Alex Woe. It was produced by Zid bch, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Nisha Highness and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast? Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


Imagine If you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, wait, don't Tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.