
President Trump campaigned to get the United States out of foreign wars. He's now considering whether to join Israel's campaign against Iran. What are the risks abroad and the political costs at home? I'm Steve Inskeep with a Martinez, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Israel asserts that Iran is making a big new push to make a nuclear bomb, And that they're on the verge of success. The US intelligence community has said otherwise. They assert that Iran suspended its weapons program more than 20 years ago. So who's right? And the White House is sending mixed messages about how it'll enforce immigration orders for agricultural workers. President Trump promised to find solutions for farmers, but ICE officers are still targeting workplaces such as meat packing plants and dairy farms.


Stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Schwab. Everyone has moments when they could have done better, like cutting their own hair or forgetting sunscreen. So now you look like a tomato. Same goes for where you invest. Level up and invest smarter with Schwab. Get market insights, education, and human help when you need it. Learn more At Schwab dot com.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having Rinse. Do it for you with one touch. In app scheduling pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear, handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse makes laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at Rinse dot com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from T-Mobile for Business Lights Camera Innovation. Walt Disney Studios chose advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform the movie making process. Together, they kept a remote production hub in Hawaii, in sync with a team in California to bring Lilo and stitch to theaters this summer. This is picture perfect collaboration. This is Walt Disney Studios with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash.


Now, President Trump once distanced himself from Israel's military action. Now he's taken some ownership. The President is talking in terms of we, when he discusses Israel's war against Iran, he's even saying the United States could take out his words. The supreme leader of Iran calling Aya an easy target who is only safe. For now, the president has faced some pushback from his own political allies who oppose American involvement. NPR White House correspondent Franco Ordonez has been covering this. So Franco, president Trump spent the afternoon yesterday with its national security team in the situation room. What are the chances of deeper United States involvement here? Yeah, a that's the big question And that was being debated in the situation room.


You know, the future of US action in this conflict. I mean, Trump has repeatedly said all options are on the table. He's drawn a red line if soldiers are targeted, but he's also signaling the US is already more involved than the White House previously led on. Just as Steve was pointing out, he's boasting that quote, we now have total complete control the skis over Iran. He's saying we know where the supreme leader is. I mean, he's repeatedly using that word weep, blurring the line between Israel's objective and US objectives. You know, and taking that kind of ownership has really raised more concerns of the US getting more involved into another foreign conflict. Yeah, so that's interesting because some of the people who are most concerned about foreign involvement are allies of President Trump.


So tell us more about this friction. Yeah. For someone who has such dedicated supporters, it's really notable that some of Trump's longtime backers are questioning his judgment here. Trump, of course, has long been known for his America first message, and some key conservative allies, such as former Fox News host Tucker Carlson and Trump's former White House aide, Steve Bannon, see Trump straying from America first and are pressing him to stay out of this fight. Here's Carlson explaining his position on Bannon's podcast war room. My interest is really simple. I don't want the United States he meshed in another Middle Eastern war that doesn't serve our Interest. Now Trump campaigned on ending long wars peace through strength.


He would say. I also spoke with Brett Bruin, who served as the White House director of global engagement and the Obama administration. He said Trump's supporters thought they were getting a president who was going to disentangle the US from overseas commitments. What they're seeing, however, is a president who is getting pulled back in to a foreign crisis that another country started And that the US interest remains somewhat questionable. Okay. So how is President Trump responding to these criticisms? Well, he's pushing back, especially against Carlson Trump posted on social media, quote, somebody, please explain to kooky Tucker Carlson that Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon.


Vice President JD Vance has also weighed in on social media saying Trump has shown restraint, but that Trump has right to decide whether to take further action to end Iranian enrichment. No, you know, I You mentioned enrichment. I I, I remember like a few weeks ago, Trump had actually been talking about a deal right before with the most recent strike. So does this latest stands mean that that diplomacy is now completely over? Yeah, I mean, right now Trump doesn't appear to be interested in diplomacy. He told reporters he's not in the mood to negotiate. What we don't know is whether at the same time this tough talk is part of his strategy to further pressure Iran. Because he's also said he may send Vance and special envoys Steve Whitcoff to negotiate though perhaps not right now.


Alright, That's so White House correspondent Franco Ordonez. Thanks a lot. Thanks A Alright. Now we're gonna take a closer look at Iran's nuclear program, which Matters a lot here because Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu says he ordered the attack on Iran because he believed Iran was marching very quickly toward a nuclear weapon. The US intelligence community has been saying something else. It says Iran suspended its nuclear weapons program more than two decades ago and has never reversed that assessment. So who's right To sort this out? We've called on NPR national Security correspondent Greg Myy. So Greg, there are clips, video clips of Benjamin Netanyahu saying that Iran is close to producing nuclear Bombas. Those clips go back 30 years to 1995.


Can you lay out the conflicting arguments here? Yeah. So Netanyahu has been saying time and again that Iran is on the verge of a bomb. And he's saying he ordered the attack. Now because Israel believes Iran was making a big new push to get there rapidly. He didn't provide details, but he claimed the intelligence was clear and was shared with the us. Now the US intelligence community has had a very different position. It says Iran suspended its weapons program. Back in 2003, director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard stated this in congressional testimony in March, said Iran was still enriching uranium, but nothing really new. This was very familiar ground.


Now Trump has contradicted Gabbard saying quote, I don't care what she said. I think they meaning the Iranians were very close to having it. But here's the other thing too, because international inspectors have been monitoring Iran's program for a long time, for years. So what do they have to say? Yeah, the UN's nuclear watchdog agency, the International Atomic Energy Agency says Iran has enriched quite a bit of uranium to 60% purity. You need to get to 90% purity before it's considered weapons grade. But that change, that upgrade can be done very quickly. If Iran did this, it would have enough uranium to make around 10 nuclear weapons. Iran would still need to take several additional steps to make an actual bomb.


Most experts think we're talking about a matter of months though. And now of course everything is changing by the day. Israel has already hit a number of nuclear sites and it's hard to make it a a full assessment at this point. Then if the US decides to actually attack Iran, what action would it take? Israel wants the US to do one big thing, and that's use its massive bunker busting Bombas to hit the Fordo nuclear facility, which has this enriched uranium. Now this is a major challenge because Fordo is built into a mountain side, which is a little over a hundred miles south of Tehran. If the US strikes the, the thinking is it would use this bomb that weighs 30,000 pounds, 15 tons.


It's formally known as the GBU 57 or the massive ordinance penetrator. It's so massive that only one US plane can carry it. The B two bomber. And you know, Israel relies almost entirely on US planes and US Bombas, but it doesn't have this bomb or this plane. And Israel has repeatedly requested this weapon from the us but the US has always declined. So do we know if this bomb would in fact destroy a nuclear facility protected by a mountain? Yeah, that's, that's an open question. We just don't know for sure and there's lots of variables. The nuclear facilities believed to be about 300 feet under the mountain, and this is a mountain that consists of very hard rock, meaning it could be difficult to penetrate.


Israel says it's taking control over the skies of Tehran. So US Plains could likely approach this nuclear facility facing little or no threat, but it's just not clear whether the site could be completely destroyed. It could take multiple bombing runs and there are no guarantees. This would be the outcome. Alright, That's NPRs Greg Myrie. Thanks Greg. Sure thing. Some other news. Now a kind of clarification. The Department of Homeland Security says it is still targeting industries that employ lots of people without legal status. Yeah. Employers in agriculture, construction, hospitality have worried about losing their workforces to immigration raids, and several raids last week heightened their concern.


And even President Trump said he worried about losing quote, very good longtime workers. Now DHS has clarified what they intend to do. NPR immigration policy reporter, Jimena Castillo is in our studios. Good to see you. Good Morning. Is the administration acting on the president's concern by calling off some enforcement? You Know, there really has been a lot of inconsistent messaging And that really stems from, there's two schools of thoughts, primarily within the Republican party on how to handle workers without legal status. The first faction, you know, is really understanding that their communities and industries are heavily reliant on workers without legal status. And that if those workers were just to go away, entire local economies and supply chains would fall apart.


And these are in areas that are very red Republican and industries that generally back the president. But then there's this other group, and it's the part of the base that wants to increase deportations no matter what. No matter who. And these are the folks that hold very high level positions within the administration, thinking like White House Borders are Tom Holman, deputy Chief of Staff, Steven Miller, DHS Secretary Christie Nome. They're pushing immigration officials to arrest up to 3000 people a day in order to achieve the president's goal of mass deportations. Okay, so that's the conflict. What has actually been happening on the ground. So until recently, the agriculture sector had generally been left alone.


But then last week we saw several instances of immigration officers arresting and targeting the ag sector, particularly 70 people were arrested at a meat packing plant in Nebraska. Several farms got targeted in California and a dairy farm in New Mexico as well. And that really sent employers and workers into high alert the next day. President Trump once again promised to find a solutions for farmers, specifically posting on truth social that these workers needed to be protected. But then again, this week we are seeing the Department of Homeland Security double down. Again, kind of a bit of a whiplash for this industry. Assistant Secretary of Public Affairs, Trisha McLaughlin has said that there's no safe spaces for industries who quote harbor violent criminals And that works.


Site enforcement remains a cornerstone of their efforts. Meaning that these rates can go ahead. Anybody can be targeted at any time. Correct. So how are employers and employees preparing for that? So Advocates representing employers have told me that they continue to be concerned. You know, they underscore that they wanna follow the law, and many times they believe that they are, but they say that even if they think all their employees have work authorization, they know that doesn't mean their families or their friends or people in their communities have legal status. And that is what leads us into what the administration is calling collateral arrests. Which means if one person is targeted, anyone that happens to be around them at the time that they're arrested also gets arrested.


If they have, you know, lack legal status or something needs to be questioned. You know, we still don't know what the White House's solutions are for the farming industry, despite months of promises that there will be something. But that also means there will be continued pressure on, you know, coming from some of these key industries in the United States. That could be a hurdle for what the president wants to do. NPR, Xena Castillo, thanks for the update. Thank You. And that's Upfirst for Wednesday, June 18th, IMY Martinez. And I'm Steve Inskeep. Your next listen is consider this from NPR News. A first gives you three big stories of the day. Consider this drills down on one, listen now on the NPR app, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Dana Farrington, Andrew Sussman, Anna Yukhananov, Alice Wolfley, and Jana Williams. It was produced by Zia Butch, Claire Murashima and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Stacey Abbott. Our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us again tomorrow.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, one Password, secure access to your online world. From emails to banking so You can protect what matters most with one password. For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/npr.


This message comes from Warby Parker, prescription eyewear. That's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This message comes from homes.com. What kind of programs does this school have? How are the test scores? These are all things parents ask when they home shop. That's why each listing on homes.com includes extensive reports on local schools. homes.com. We've done your homework.