
Weeks before Election Day, former President Trump talks of opponents not as fellow citizens, but as enemies of the country. We have the outside enemy and then we have the enemy from within. How Trump is appealing to extreme right voters. I'm Steve Inskeep, that's Michelle Martin. And this is upfirst from NPR News. A democratic senator contends that she stands up for the people of Wisconsin. I've Taken their fight to Washington and I produce results. But will those results be enough for the incumbent to win against her Republican opponent? The answer may decide control of the Senate. Plus, We have the latest from the Middle East where Hezbollah has attacked a military base at Israel and the US is sending a missile defense system to Israel along with the troops needed to run it.


stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your


day. This message comes from Capital one. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One NA member FDIC,


support for NPR And the following message come from Betterment, the automated investing and savings app, CEO. Sarah Levy shares how Betterment utilizes tech tools powered by human advice. Betterment is here to help customers build wealth their way, and we provide powerful technology and complete human support where technology can deliver ease of use and affordability. And the people behind that technology can provide advice and guidance. Learn more at Betterment dot com. Investing involves risk, performance, not guaranteed.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to the did. We just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow, sell without needing to code or design. Just bring your best ideas and Shopify will help you. Open up shop. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash npr.


With a little more than three weeks until election day, the two major party presidential candidates are using very different language to appeal to voters. Vice President Harris has been appealing to Republicans, people who may not agree with the Democrat on some issues, but do agree about Donald Trump. And as she tries to broaden their support, former President Trump goes narrow. In an interview that aired on Fox News yesterday, Trump cast his ideological opponents as threats to the country. He talked of using the National Guard or the regular military to, as he put it, quote, handle violent threats after the election. Here to talk about this campaign rhetoric is NPR political correspondent Daniel Kurt Slavin. Good morning, Danielle. Hey Michelle.


So let's start with that interview on Fox News Business. What did Trump say? Well, Trump spoke with Maria Bar Romo and it was overall a very friendly interview that she gave him. And at one point she asked him this question that itself portrayed undocumented immigrants as dangerous, which is not true. But then she took a turn and she asked Trump if election day would be peaceful. And Trump responded by saying this, I think the bigger problem are the people from within. We have some very bad people, we have some sick people, radical left lunatics, and I think they're the and. And it should be very easily handled by, if necessary by national gut or if really necessary by the military.


And then later he did it again and specifically named California Democratic Senate candidate Adam Schiff, also a member of the house as one of those enemies from within. And he also called Schiff a sleaze bag. Now, you know, Trump has always been known throughout his political career for demonizing people he doesn't agree with and calling them names. But I take it that this really is kind of next level. Yeah, you're absolutely right. For his entire political career, Trump has used authoritarian language, nativistic language, he praises authoritarian. So yes, that's, that's the baseline we're working with here. But he has been ratcheting things up in recent weeks continually. At one rally, he said police violence could curb crime.


At a rally this weekend, he said that he'd used the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to detain or deport people. And now he's threatening to use the military on his political or ideological opponents and ratcheting up insults. Recently as well, he's been calling Kamala Harris, mentally disabled and just continually insulting her intelligence. Now I wanna add here, by the way, I asked the campaign for clarification on what he meant about using the National Guard or military against his opponents and have not heard back. Let's talk about Vice President Harris then. How does this language compare with what she is saying to voters? The differences simply could not be more stark.


They were already stark before any of this. Now, she has said, for example, that she wants a Republican in her cabinet. And when I was out with her in Arizona last week, she spoke to a group of Republicans for Harris there, and she announced that she wants a bipartisan counsel to advise her on policy as president it. In fact, she's reached across the aisle so much that some in her base progressives are annoyed. Now, Trump, on the other hand, he's saying there's an invasion of dangerous immigrants. And not only that, but his political opponents are even more dangerous and may have to be dealt with by force. And I wanna be clear here, I'm not just talking about electoral strategy. Trump is using this rhetoric at a time that we know people are very willing to commit political violence, whether it's January 6th or would be assassins.


Amid all of that, he's turning up the temperature That is N p's. Danielle, Kurt Laben on the campaign trail. Danielle, thank you. Thank You Both. Vice President Harris and former President Donald Trump are focused on Wisconsin. That's a swing state where Democratic Senator Tammy Baldwin is locked in a tight race for reelection that could determine whether Democrats maintain their majority in the Senate. Baldwin Says she has won in the past, thanks in part to what she calls Trump, Tammy voters who voted for the Republican presidential candidate, but also for her, They see that I've showed up, I've listened, that I've taken their fight to Washington and I produce results.


The question is whether she can rely on them in 2024. Joining Us now to talk about these dynamics is Wisconsin Public Radio's. Anya von Wag. Anya, thank you so much for joining us. Good morning. So let me set the table here. Baldwin won her last race in 2018 by 11 points, and things look very different this time around. Why so different? Yeah, that outcome was really an unheard of landslide by Wisconsin standards. Part of the change since then just has to do with sort of nitty gritty politics. So previous Republican challengers had nasty primary fights this time around her opponent, Eric Huffy avoided that. And so he started with a pretty clean slate. But then part of it is also just the realities of partisan politics. Those have gotten more entrenched everywhere in the country.


And so in Wisconsin, which is about as 50 50 as it gets, you're seeing people just go into their camps. Baldwin has always run as a different kind of democrat, really a workhorse who just knows Wisconsin. And she's done really well with independence and even in counties that also support Trump as a result. But this time around HDI is closely aligned with Trump, and that plus that ever-growing polarization means Baldwin is expecting many fewer Trump Tammy voters. Can you just tell us a bit more about those Trump Baldwin counties? What are you seeing there? Yeah, I spent a day out on the trail with Baldwin, including a stop in Richland County, which is an example of this. It's a rural county that went for Trump in his past two elections. And for Baldwin in her last two elections.


Other Democrats, including Kamala Harris, are focused just on losing those kinds of rural areas by less. But Baldwin has this record she can point to that's really focused on things like manufacturing and the dairy industry, and that makes her stand out out there. And I think we're seeing some of that shared strategy across the Blue Wall states of Wisconsin and Pennsylvania and Michigan not writing off those areas. And when I was out there, so was Pennsylvania governor Josh Shapiro, I asked him what he made of all the pro-Trump yard signs nearby. Senator Baldwin and I show up in communities like this, and we treat voters with respect no matter what signs might be on a neighbor's lawn or what past election results have shown.


Okay. Finally, am you tell us the kinds of messages you're seeing in the final few weeks of this campaign. Yeah, the Baldwin campaign has really sought to paint HDI as a wealthy outsider. He's from Wisconsin, but he also has a home in California. And he manages a bank that's based in Utah. So they're really focused on drawing that contrast. And then HDI is trying to tie Baldwin to the Biden White House and its economic policies. Recently too, we've been seeing a lot more ads that are kind of based in the culture wars, so attacking her approach to transgender issues, for example. And both parties are also just focused on the national stakes of this election. And of course, control of Congress. That is Wisconsin Public Radio's. Anya von Wag and Donk. Anya. Thank you. Thank you.


A drone attack launched by Hezbollah on an Israeli army training base killed four Israeli soldiers and injured several more. It's one of the more serious acts of retaliation after Israel's attacks on the armed group, which is based in Lebanon now, the Pentagon says it's sending an advanced anti-missile system to Israel, along with about 100 US troops to operate it all to help bolster the country's defenses against Iran. NPR international affairs correspondent Jackie Northam has been following these developments and she's with us now from Tel Aviv. Good morning, Jackie. Morning Michelle. First of all, just tell us what we know about this drone attack. Well, as you said, it was against an army base in a place called Hamina in central Israel, about 40 miles from the Lebanon border.


And it's one of the deadliest Hezbollah attacks in this past year. Israel's military said the drone hit the roof of a dining hall full of soldiers, and that in fact, there were two drones launched. One was shot down, but this one hit the base. And the military is looking into why the drone wasn't intercepted and why no warning sirens were activated, as is usually the case. Hezbollah said the attack was in response to Israeli strikes in Beirut last week, which killed more than 20 people. And you know, Israel's been pushing deeper into Southern Lebanon and Beirut killing militants and destroying their arsenal. But as this attack shows, Iranian backed Hezbollah still has firepower to reach Israel.


And Michelle, of course, the war in Gaza continues, and just this morning an Israeli strike targeted a large hospital there, killing four people according to the Gaza Health Ministry. And then there was another deadly Israeli strike that hit a Gaza school. So the Pentagon announced Sunday that it is sending a missile defense system to Israel to help with its defense. What can you tell us about this? It's, it's an advanced mobile defense system called terminal high Altitude Area defense battery. It's usually referred to simply as Thad, and it's designed to shoot down ballistic missiles. As you mentioned earlier, it'll be operated by US troops. And this is the first time since the war in Gaza started just over a year ago that US has sent a significant number of troops to Israel, which means greater involvement by the US in defending Israel, but also means there are concerns about the conflict broadening throughout this region.


And the decision to deploy SAD comes as Israel's planning a strike against Iran. And that's in retaliation for Iran's ballistic missile attack. In early October, they launched 200 missiles towards Israel. Most were intercepted, but there's concern if Iran launches another attack, it could be far more deadly for Israel. And as this fighting between Israel and Hezbollah intensifies, there are also un peacekeepers getting caught up in the conflict. At least four soldiers have been wounded in the past few days in Lebanon. Has the UN said anything about that? Yeah, there's this growing rift between Israel and the UN peacekeeping force in Lebanon. It's known as il, and it's an international force. It's been there since 1978 and it helps secure the Lebanon Israel border.


But yesterday, Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanya, who made a direct appeal to UN Secretary General Antonio Gure, to evacuate Unifil troops from southern Lebanon, claiming that Hezbollah is using peacekeepers as human shields. Gutta doesn't have the authority to do that, by the way. But later in the day, IL said two Israeli tanks forcibly entered one of its posts and some shells were explo and released smoke that sickened some peacekeepers, Israeli military disputes, that version of events saying Hezbollah fired anti-tank missiles. And you know, the tanks, the Israeli tanks were just trying to get their troops outta the area. It's hard to say how this is situation's gonna, you know, between IL and Israel is gonna play out as Israel continues its increasingly aggressive campaign into Lebanon.


You know, to root out Hezbollah militants. That is N Pierce. Jackie Northam. Jackie, thank you. Thanks very much. And that's upfirst for Monday, October 14th. I'm Michelle Martin And I'm Steve for your next. Listen, consider. Consider this from NPR News. One fifth of the Salmon Americans Eat comes from Norway where the salmon industry is considered a model of modern aquaculture, but is it sustainable? Really listen to consider this from NPR. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Krishna Dev Calor Hannah Bloch, Lisa Thompson and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Paige Waterhouse, Christopher Thomas and Kaity Kline.


We get engineering support from Andy er and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Saatva, who reminds you it's decision Time in America. Time to decide If. you want to continue sleeping on a worn out mattress or If? you want a better night's sleep? Saatva crafts mattresses to lull you to sleep and to keep you sleeping soundly and they cost a fraction of the price of retail. Visit SA tva.com/npr to save $200 on orders of a thousand dollars or more.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. Think fun. Start the school year right with Think Fun Games. Rush Hour is back with new graphics, cars and less plastic. Slide the cars until the red car is free or try Gravity Maze Builder, build the maze and drop the marble available@target.com.