
President Trump is heading to two disaster zones for his first trip since returning to the White House. So How are politics getting involved in aid relief for California and North Carolina? I'm Michelle Martin. That's a Martinez. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. Trump is targeting the federal government's diversity programs. They got their start during the civil rights movement decades ago, and he also wants to get rid of efforts to investigate extremism in the military. Things like focusing on extremism have created a a climate inside our ranks that feel political when it hasn't ever been political. How could all this change the ranks of the people charged with defending the country and The US is seeking to extradite an Israeli private investigator accused of a hacking operation against American climate activists.


Stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from a DT with Trusted Neighbor, the new standard in home access through the A DT plus app grant and automate event-based or scheduled access for neighbors, friends and helpers. Notify trusted individuals of events and set access windows for guests without interrupting your day. Visit adt.com when every second counts count on a DT requires a DT complete pro monitoring plan and compatible devices. Copyright 2025 A-D-T-L-L-C, all rights reserved.


President Trump is capping off his first week in office with a trip across the country. He's heading to Asheville, North Carolina today. And then here where I'm at in Los Angeles. Both Communities are grappling with recovery from disastrous, but there is some politics at play too. Yeah, NPR R'S White House correspondent Deepa Shivaram joins us now to talk about this Deepa. So two disaster zones. What's the president gonna be doing while he's in these two states? Yeah, well, we're waiting to hear more information. This is the first week of the new Trump administration, so they're still working out some of the details of these kinds of presidential movements. What we do know is actually from the president himself. He said he's going to Asheville, North Carolina, And that city was absolutely devastated by Hurricane Helene in September.


There was massive amounts of flooding and this was all in the middle of the presidential campaign. And the disaster became political when Trump started posting online that the Biden administration wasn't doing enough to help. He spread misinformation about aid relief, saying Democrats were withholding aid from Republican areas and was misrepresenting how much money there was for rebuilding efforts. Parts of North Carolina are still recovering and rebuilding and Trump talked about it in his inaugural address. Okay, so then after Asheville, North Carolina, then he comes to Los Angeles. Correct. So he's headed there after weeks of wildfires in la. It's set to be one of the most expensive natural disasters in the US in a long time and FEMA has enough money right now, but there is going to be a lot more federal aid needed as the city works to recover.


But Trump sees it as an opportunity for political leverage. He's trying to build support in Congress for some of his legislative priorities like tax cuts and government spending measures and having support from some Democrats who want the wildfire aid passed might make that easier. Here's Trump in an interview with Sean Hannity on Fox News on Wednesday. I will say that Los Angeles has changed everything because a lot of money's gonna be necessary for Los Angeles and a lot of people on the other side want that to happen. And they North Carolina too. Well, they don't care about North Carolina. California is led by a Democrat and governor Gavin Newsom and Trump often Spar Newsom has invited Trump to come out to la but it's not known if Trump will meet with him.


And I'll say North Carolina's current and previous governors are both also Democrats. So using disaster relief as political levers, that doesn't sound very typical. Yeah, Trump is really leaning into leveraging the California aid and any other element of it is that he's asking for the state to change their water policies in order for them to get any money. It's not clear how far Trump intends to go with that request, but he's been talking about it for days. I spoke with Henry Brady, he's a professor of politics at Berkeley in California, and he said doing this also kind of sets up a slippery slope for both parties In general. Most of the Congress doesn't probably want this to happen because if this starts, where does it lead eventually in the Midwest, If you have tornadoes, you have to change your laws to have basements that are safe.


If you are in New Orleans and you have a hurricane, you've got to stop building houses on floodplains and on and on and on And in Congress. You know, some Republicans agree with Trump on this, but I will say there are some California Republicans who are pushing back saying that there should be no conditions on this aid. All right, that's NPR R'S Deepa Verron. Thanks a lot. Thank you. The Trump administration has nixed DEI or diversity, equity and inclusion programs across federal government. These programs were part of a civil rights movement stretching back decades, but the president has called these efforts dangerous, demeaning or immoral unquote, and he is also targeting efforts to investigate extremism in the military's ranks.


NPR R'S Pentagon correspondent Tom Bowman joins us now to discuss. So Tom, first off, just start off with the the defense department's DEI programs. What are they? Well, these programs have been seen as pretty effective in bringing more women and minorities into the ranks at all levels. President Biden chose the first woman, Admiral Lisa Franchetti to run the Navy as well as the first black defense secretary Lloyd Austin. But Donald Trump and his defense secretary nominee Pete Hegseth, have dismissed these programs as woke and divisive. Another thing they question is extremist activity. My colleague Lauren Hodges and I talked about all this in our recent podcast, A good guy, it focused on an active duty marine sergeant Josh Abate, who was in the capitol on January 6th and pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor.


Abate told the court in a written statement that he was wrong about the election being stolen, and by the way, a marine panel voted to keep him in and he's still on active duty. Yeah. Now, so what does that say then about understanding extremism in the military? Well, first of all, it's important to note that about one in five of those who were arrested for January 6th activities had military backgrounds nearly all veterans. Now, Pentagon officials have long insisted that they don't have an extremism problem, that the numbers are small, but you know, they really don't know because they've never collected data and the services within, just within the last several months said they would collect such data and they outlined prohibitive behavior such as joining militia groups, raising money for them, or attending rallies for extremist groups.


So all this now brings us to Pete Hegseth. That's President Trump's nominee for Secretary of Defense. What has he said about all this? Well, he has been very outspoken, not only about his opposition to DEI programs, but also efforts to better understand whether the Pentagon and the military services have an extremism problem. Here he is at his confirmation hearing when he was asked about that by Republican Senator Kevin Kramer of North Dakota. Let's listen. Things Like focusing on extremism. Senator have created a a climate inside our ranks that feel political when it has hasn't ever been political. Those are the types of things that are gonna change. Now, officials who worked on these anti extremist efforts say, no, it's not political.


It's not what politician you support or even ideas you might have. It's all about action again, like joining the militia groups, taking part in racist or anti-government rallies. But clearly all these efforts to collect data on extremism will end. Alright. So Heg Seth will get rid of DEI programs, those extremists fact finding programs. What else do we expect from him? Should the Senate confirm 'em? Well, we could see him making some personnel changes, maybe removing military leaders, he believes got the job not based on merit, but because of their gender or race. There is concern with people I talk with in the Pentagon among the, in the Office of Corps at this point we'll just have to wait and see.


All right. That's r's Tom Bowman. Tom, thanks a lot. You're Welcome. Prominent climate activists in the United States were targeted several years ago in a global hacking campaign. The Justice Department is trying to extradite someone. It says is a key player in the story. NPRs Michael Copley is in London covering the latest development. So Michael, what took you to London? I've been here for an extradition hearing. It's for an Israeli private investigator who's accused by the US of orchestrating a hacking operation against American climate activists. The privatized name is a meat for Lit. He was arrested earlier this year at London's Heathrow Airport.


And we should say at the top for lit is previously denied ordering or paying for hacking. Alright. So a private investigator, do we know who he was allegedly working for? So a British lawyer representing the US Justice Department said for it was allegedly working for an unnamed public affairs firm based in Washington DC And that that firm was allegedly representing one of the world's biggest oil and gas companies based in Texas. Again, unnamed, the lawyer said the oil and gas company wanted to discredit activists connected to climate change litigation. So the private eye was allegedly working for this public affairs company, which in turn was allegedly working for a big oil and gas company.


Yeah, exactly. Okay. But the US government hasn't named the companies. No, it hasn't. Hmm. We did hear from one of fort's lawyers this week. She said in court that the US is trying to prosecute for lit for leading a hacking operation that was allegedly commissioned by a public affairs firm called DCI Group that was representing ExxonMobil. The Justice Department didn't respond to a message seeking comment. It hasn't accused Exxon or DCI Wrongdoing, Exxon and DCI declined to comment on being mentioned in court before the hearing in London. Both said in email to NPR that they haven't been involved in hacking. Why did you contact those companies before? They were mentioned in court in London. So There've been media reports stating that the US has investigated DCI as part of its hacking probe before the London hearings.


A source familiar with the probe confirmed NPR that the US has investigated DCI's possible role in the hacking. The source wasn't authorized to speak publicly. NPR hasn't found what, if any, links the Justice Department thought DCI may have had with the hacking campaign. And we have not found any indications that the Justice Department investigated ExxonMobil. So it sounds like the government and journalists have been pursuing this hacking investigation for a while. Y Yeah, so the government investigation became public in 2019. A business associated for lets was arrested in the us. He eventually pleaded guilty to hacking related charges and in 2023, a federal judge sentenced him to more than six years in prison. In that case, federal prosecutors said stolen information was leaked to the media And that ExxonMobil's lawyers used the media coverage to try to fight state climate investigations.


Federal prosecutors did not accuse ExxonMobil of any wrongdoing the company set at the time that it had not been involved in hacking. Okay. So where do things go from here? I mean, you know, it's been years since the hacking allegedly started, but the victims say it's critical for the US to find out who ordered it. Matt Powell is one of the victims in an environmental lawyer. He says finding out what happened is important for punishing whoever was ultimately responsible And for the purposes of deterrence so that this is not done again. And deterrence gets to these big issues of, you know, living in a free society. If we have a lot of hacking, then we're not gonna live in a very free society because people are gonna be afraid to speak out. For now, we're waiting to see if the UK extradite for lit another extradition hearing is expected in the coming weeks.


All right. That's NPR r's. Michael Copley from the Climate Desk. Michael, thanks. Thanks A For your next listen On upfirst Sunday in Syria, witnesses to the brutality of the former Assad regime are now speaking out. They include those forced to dig mass graves across the country. Sar The holes were so filled with bodies that there wasn't enough dirt to reach the other side. To to cover This Sunday on Upfirst correspondent Ruth Sherlock uncovers what has been called the Assad Regime's Machinery of Death.


Listen to The Sunday Story right here on NPR R'S upfirst podcast. And that's upfirst for Friday, January 24th. Immy Martinez. And I'm Michelle Martin. And remember, You Can listen to this podcast sponsor free while financially supporting public media with upfirst Plus. Learn more at plus do npr.org. That's ps.npr.org. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Roberta Rampton, Andrew Sussman, ELA Banerjee, Olivia Hampton and Alice Wolfley was produced by Zi Butch Nia Dumas, Milton gda and Claire Maima. We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Our executive producer is Kelly Dickens.


Join us again next time. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org. NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone.


Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect my public media.org. Public media counts on your support to ensure that the reporting and programs you depend on thrive. Make a recurring donation today to get special access to more than 20 NPR podcasts. Perks like sponsor free listening, bonus episodes, early access, and more. So start supporting what you love today@plus.npr.org.