
President elect Donald. Trump is making some unconventional picks for a second term team. Taken together. His picks could dramatically reshape America's foreign policy. I think We have plenty of leverage with Zelensky to get them to the table. I mean Martinez with Michelle Martin. And this is upfirst from NPR News. The US Jury awards $42 million to three Iraqis held by Americans during the Iraq war. The plaintiffs say they were tortured. What does a ruling mean for accountability? For wartime abuses And world leaders are meeting to fight climate change, but don't look for the US to lead. This time the UK is stepping up with a major pledge. But what will other countries do if Trump scales back on climate rules?


stay with us. We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, sattva founder, and CEO. Ron Russon shares the experience they hope to create in their viewing rooms. We want our customers to feel like they've walked into a luxury hotel. That's what Safa has been inspired by from the day that we started. We take sleep very seriously. We believe that unlocks a superpower. If you get the right sleep on the right mattress, we believe we can provide that. To learn more, go to SA tva.com/npr.


This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, NA member FDIC.


This message comes from HubSpot. Growing a business means a lot of audience attracting lead scoring and long days. But with HubSpot, it's easier than ever for marketers to remix content, boost leads and score customers fast. Learn more at hubspot.com/marketers.


President elect Donald Trump is moving fast, assembling his team for a second term in the White House. He says he will nominate former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee to be ambassador to Israel. Congresswoman Elise Stefanak to serve as UN ambassador and Congressman Mike Waltz to be his national security advisor. But Some of his choices are getting a lot of attention. Like his plan to nominate a television host to be Secretary of Defense. Pete Hegseth of Fox News is a military veteran but has no senior military or national security experience. Here to talk About this as White House correspondent Franco Artez Franco, welcome back. Hi Michelle. So we could do a segment on each of these picks, honestly, but what about the big picture? What does this tell us about Trump's plans to change?


How the US positions itself in the world? Right. I mean, I think it's a few things. First, it clearly reflects Trump's focus on trust and loyalty. These are all big supporters, which is team does hope will eliminate some of the infighting that plagued his first transition. But they're also indicative of Trump's foreign policy priorities. It's a more nationalistic focus, more transactional you can expect strong opposition to China, support for Israel and skepticism toward Ukraine. Here is Mike Waltz, for example, talking with our own Steve Inskeep about pressing for a deal between Ukraine and Russia. We have leverage like taking the handcuffs off of the long range weapons. We provided Ukraine as well.


And then of course I think we have plenty of leverage with Zelensky to get them to the table. Now Waltz though, is a former Green Beret who is considered to have quite a depth of foreign policy experience. So well, okay, so the National Security Advisor doesn't have to be confirmed by the Senate, but some of these other rules do. Do we have a sense of how this mix of, you know, lawmakers and personalities will be received? Although I look, I do have to point out that the President's party does control the Senator rather, will control the Senate. When Trump takes office. It's still a bit unclear, but I spoke about some of that with former ambassador John Simon, who served in the Bush administration. He called Walt Stefanik and Huckabee leaders who have to be taken seriously. Simon also mentioned Senator Marco Rubio, who is widely reported to be the top candidate for Secretary of State as another who has real foreign policy credentials.


These Are people who have spent a lot of time in Congress and focused on many aspects of foreign policy who have certainly met with a number of world leaders who are people who will be known quantities among the foreign policy establishment. But what's surprising is Trump naming TV host and Army vet Pete Hegseth for defense secretary. Okay. So how are Republicans reacting to this choice? I mean, in this position you not just, you don't just advise the president, but you have to manage a huge agency. You have to manage relationships with other defense leaders around the world. What are Republicans saying about this? Well, one house Republican committee chair expressed shock saying HAG STH was not known on the list of names under consideration.


Indiana Senator Todd Young told reporters he didn't have a sense of heg Seth's background or vision for the department. But he also said he wanted to give all of Trump's nominees a fair opportunity to be heard. Which raises a key point. I mean, I, I'm guessing that many Republicans aren't gonna wanna take a stand against Trump's picks this early in the process. Yeah, I mean, it's not unusual for presidents to pull from out of, you know, different constituencies, but this is really an out of box kind of pick. The defense secretary leads over a million active duties troops. Hex E is a decorated veteran, but as you know, lacks the management and high profile national security experience. That said, Trump really cares a lot about who those can present well on tv.


That is White House correspondent Franco Ordonius Franco. Thank you. Thank you Michelle. A US jury has awarded three survivors of the upper gray prison. $42 million, The abuse of detainees by American troops. There is one of the lasting legacies of the US invasion of Iraq. The photos of that abuse published in 2004 are shocking and a warning to our listeners. This story contains graphic descriptions of the torture of prisoners in US incarceration. Last year, NPRs Ruth Sherlock spoke with a former detainee lib.


They torturing us, they making us naked. Sometimes they threw that sound grenades on ourselves and sometimes they use the shotguns when they use dogs to terrify us. They, they flooded ourselves with water. He was not involved in this court case. But the three plaintiffs in this lawsuit brought against a private US military contractor, detailed similar abuse. NPS Ruth Sherlock is with us now to tell us more about this. Good morning, Ruth. Good morning. Could you just tell us more about this case? Yeah, well, the jury said this US military contractor, CACI or kaki, could be found guilty because the interrogators it supplied to Aberra conspired with US soldiers there to torture and mistreat the three plaintiffs.


The jury said khaki interrogators were liable because it said they actually instructed military police officers to quote, soften up the detainees. You know, khaki denies this characterization. It says its employees were not responsible for, nor took part in the abuse committed by military police nabu. But just after the verdict, I reached Bahar Asme, the lawyer who filed the suit on behalf of the plaintiffs. He's with the Center for Constitutional Rights and he told me this verdict, it's the culmination of a 16 year long effort by the plaintiffs to tell their story to an American jury. That struggle has lasted 16 years, multiple trips to the court of appeals, surviving two dozen attempts for khaki to dismiss the case.


And every obstacle you could imagine, You know, you said, well, so this is the second trial. The first trial ended in a mistrial when the jury couldn't reach a verdict on whether khaki or the army could be held responsible. Does this court victory pave the way for compensation for other Alba grave detainees? Well, Michelle, you know, the short answer is no. The case is specifically about these three plaintiffs. I think actually what this case shows is just how hard it is for victims of US military abuse to get any kind of address. It's the first time that a civilian jury has heard accounts directly from detainees of torture and mistreatment that hap that has happened. You know, in this post nine 11 era detentions to Taliban Muley, the Agra DePue we spoke to told us how American soldiers stripped him naked, poked at his genitals, set snarling dogs on inmates fired live ammunitions into cells.


They flooded his cell with cold water, he says, and he got pneumonia. He spent 20 years searching for a way to get compensation or even just an apology from the US military. But ultimately he hasn't been able to find a mechanism for that redress. So as we mentioned earlier, this verdict is against a private military contractor, but has the US military paid compensation to victims? This is the really important point. You know, after the photos showing the abuse of survivors in Abu Grebe were published in 2004, secretary Donald Rumsfeld at the time told Congress that a way should be set up to compensate the victims. But when we looked into this reporting the story of Taliban Muj, we couldn't find any examples where the US military had compensated Abu grape survivors Human rights watch then followed up with a detailed investigation.


And they also found that to this day, the US government hasn't paid compensation or even set up a mechanism for these cases to be heard. That is NPRs Ruth Sherlock. Ruth, thank you. Thank you very much. The COP 29 Climate Summit is underway an Azerbaijan this week With a new Trump administration coming in. There's not as much expectation for the US setting a big climate goal, but at least one major industrial country is making a big pledge to fight global warming. To walk us through this and other climate news, we have Julia Simon, she's Climate Solutions correspondent on NPRs Climate Desk.


Julia, good morning. Good morning. So the UN Climate Summit began Monday. What are we seeing so far? So going into this Climate Summit, there hasn't been as much optimism for US leadership. After all, the newly elected Donald Trump famously called climate change a hoax. However, we are seeing other countries stepping up in the next few months. Countries have to announce these big targets for how much climate pollution they are gonna cut to limit global warming and the United Kingdom, they're one of those countries stepping up. Yesterday, UK Prime Minister Kiir Starer, he gave this speech announcing plans to cut climate pollution at least 81% compared to 1990 levels by 2035.


How does the UK plan to do it? That seems like a really ambitious target. The UK is investing in proven climate solutions. Things like wind energy, solar energy, big batteries, also nuclear energy. But the UK is really framing their climate action in economic terms. Here's UK Prime Minister Kir Starmer. This is a huge opportunity for investment for UK businesses, for British workers if we act now to lead the world in the economy of tomorrow. And Michelle, you hear this economic argument from other countries like China, China, they're selling their technologies like electric vehicles.


In emerging markets like in Africa and Latin America, China, the uk, they see climate solutions making business sense. Okay, back to the US President-elect. Trump is in the process of naming his new cabinet. He's already named a new head or he's announced plans to name a new head of the EPA. That is the former New York Congressman Lee Zelin. What do we know about him? The word Trump used when announcing his pick of zelin is deregulatory. That is removing government regulations. According to the League of Conservation voters, zelin voted several times against clean air and clean water legislation with zelin many EPA rules that limit climate pollution could be in jeopardy.


And yesterday the EPA actually finalized this rule that oil and gas companies have to pay a fee when they leak methane. That's this very potent planet heating gas under Trump and a possible Republican trifecta in Congress. Congress may overturn that EPA new methane rule. Okay, Julie, before we let you go, there's one last piece of climate news. According in, in the Netherlands, just overturned a ruling that the energy company shell has to reduce its climate pollution by 45%. What are the implications of that? So the court did say Shell still has this duty of care to limit planet heating emissions, but the courts couldn't figure out how big the cuts should be.


Still, the point that's being brought up by other environmental groups is that There are still lots of climate litigation claims against big oil companies, including in states like Massachusetts, Hawaii, California. Those cases are being argued in state and municipal courts and they haven't been decided yet. That is NPRs. Julia. Simon. Julia, thank you. Thank you. And that's upfirst for Wednesday, November 13th. I'm Michelle Martin And I mean Martinez. How about listening to consider this from NPR? We hear it. upfirst give you the three big stories of the day, or consider this colleagues take a different approach.


They dive into a single news story and what it means to you in just 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of OF first was edited by Meghan Pratt, where Maki Neela Banerjee Mohammed El Bari, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Zed Butch Ben, Abrams and Julie Depenbrock We. get engineering support from Robert. Rodriguez and Our technical director is Zac Coleman. We hope you'll join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org.


That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Mint Mobile. From the gas pump to the grocery store, inflation is everywhere. So Mint Mobile is offering premium wireless starting at just $15 a month. To get your new phone plan for just $15, go to mint mobile.com/switch.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses? At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@warbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.