
The Trump administration offered millions of federal employees an opportunity to resign. The administration offered the equivalent of several months pay. How are courts answering? Another administration move to pause federal spending. I'm Michelle Martin, that Steve Inskeep. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. Confirmation Hearings begin today for Robert F. Kennedy Jr. He is President Trump's pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services. What are senators thinking about his views of medicine and vaccines? Also, the Nation's report card is out, which shows how American students are doing in math and reading. Five years after the start of the pandemic. These results are sobering. We're not where we need to be or where we want to be at this point.


Stay with us. We've got the news You need to start your


day. This message comes from Comedy Central's, the Daily Show. John Stewart and the Daily Show news team are kicking off 2025 with brand new episodes covering a brand new administration and a not quite brand new president. While it may feel like history is repeating itself, it's never been covered like this with John Stewart behind the desk kicking off every week. Comedy Central's the Daily Show, new weeknights at 11 on Comedy Central and streaming next day on Paramount Plus,


this message comes from NPR Sponsor One Password, secure access to your online world. From emails to banking so You can protect what matters most with one password. For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/npr.


This message comes from Doctors Without Borders. Over 80% of doctors without border staff are from the countries they work in. Because local residents know their communities best when a crisis strikes, they can respond immediately because they have resources strategically warehoused around the world and teams on the ground who know what their communities need. Support Doctors Without Borders, local teams, and make a global impact. Learn how to donate today@doctorswithoutborders.org slash npr.


Two actions this week show the scope of President Trump's bid to reshape the federal government. The president issued a sweeping order to pause trillions of dollars in payments. Just as that was supposed to go into effect, a federal judge temporarily blocked it and the administration added another proposal offering millions of federal employees a chance to quit. In a moment, we'll hear from a former top budget official in the George W. Bush administration. First NPR Whitehouse correspondent Esha is here to talk about it all. Ask me. Good morning. Good morning, Steve. Okay, So the memo was going out to workers last night. I heard, what exactly is the federal government offering its employees? The administration says it's giving employees the option to resign, be put on leave, and continue to be paid through September.


It's a big move with the goal to shrink the government. The union that represents many federal workers described this effort as a purge of dedicated civil servants, and it does not consider the move voluntary. Under this new Trump administration, people in the federal workforce feel like they are being seen as the enemy in a way that they have never been viewed by prior administrations either Republican or Democrat. And Steve, you know, being a government worker was once seen as a steady, secure job. But right now, federal workers feel like their jobs are very precarious and, And that is indeed the intention. Trump wants government workers in line with his vision. He campaigned on remaking federal government.


He campaigned on reshaping government as a whole. He telegraphed a lot of his decisions, and now he's following through just perhaps more swiftly than expected. Now, this email to federal workers will, I guess it'll be played out. Maybe it'll go to court. We'll find out what happens in the hours and days to come. But then there's this other memo, pausing payments, trillions of dollars worth of payments. That said yesterday. What exactly was the federal government trying to do with that? It, it was a memo, Steve, that sparked utter chaos and confusion when it was issued by the Office of Management and Budget. It called for a temporary freeze in federal funds, grants, loans, other forms of assistance. It was a sweeping directive with little clarity.


And Trump's press secretary, Caroline Levitt, spent a bulk of the White House press briefing yesterday defending the freeze. And the reason for this is to ensure that every penny that is going out the door is not conflicting with the executive orders and actions that this president has taken, Which is referring to there are programs related to diversity, equity, and inclusion, as well as climate and just general overspending. But the memo was so broad that it was not clear what programs would be affected. The White House clarified that direct services like Medicaid, social Security, and food stamps would not be impacted, but also did not articulate a financial assistance that comes through nonprofits. You know, think for example of food banks whether those might be affected.


What was the response to all of this? Well, Democrats raised alarm bells and accused Trump of violating the Constitution. Nonprofits expressed concern about cuts to services they provide. Diane Yel is the CEO of the National Council of the Nonprofits, which represents a network of some 33,000 nonprofits. She says, this freeze could lead to catastrophic consequences. We're Talking about potentially shutting down shelters for survivors of domestic violence or shelters for people experiencing homelessness. And so she was amongst a group that filed a legal challenge over Trump's move. And just as this directive was about to go into effect at 5:00 PM yesterday, a federal judge intervene The charge being here, that Congress, not the president set spending.


So what's the ruling mean? You know, it just allows sort of a bit of breathing room, at least until Monday. That is when a follow-up hearing is planned with more fulsome arguments on the merits of the case. Steve, I will say the courts seem to be really the arena where the fights around Trump's changes will play out. Yeah. You know, for example, you're also seeing legal challenges to the Birthright Citizenship Executive order as Well. NPR White House Correspondent mha. Thanks so much. Good To speak with You. Now reporters are putting questions to the administration today about another story that emerged overnight. The Pentagon is moving to remove the security detail for retired joint chief's. Chairman General Mark Millie, who is under threat from Iran. The military is also revoking Millie's security clearance, and the defense secretary is directing the Pentagon's Inspector General to conduct an inquiry into general Mille's conduct that could lead to a reduction in rank.


That is one of the first actions under Trump's newly confirmed Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth, general Millie repeatedly criticized Trump and also worked behind the scenes to ensure a peaceful transfer of power after the 2020 election or as peaceful as possible. Former President Biden issued a preemptive pardon of Millie before leaving office. Today. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Takes questions from senators about his bid to lead the Department of Health and Human Services. It is a consequential job. It oversees all of America's health agencies, including Medicare, the Food and Drug Administration, the National Institutes of Health and more.


It has an annual budget of $1.7 trillion, which is about the size of Australia's GDP. And Kennedy has offered a lot of opinions on health over the years. NPR Lina Simmons Duffin is here. Good morning. Morning Steve. Okay. So what has Kennedy said and done that lawmakers may have questions about? Well, first of all, he spent decades as an anti-vaccine activist leading a group called Children's Health Defense, and he believes a thoroughly debunked claim that vaccines cause autism. I am sure we'll hear a lot about that. Since this job has broad powers over federal vaccine policy, he has made millions of dollars over the years suing vaccine makers and he could profit off of lawsuits against Merck while in this job that regulates drug makers.


He also denies that HIV causes aids. That is an established scientific fact, and he frequently compared COVID-19 public health measures to Hitler's Germany in this role. He would be in charge of the response if there's another pandemic crisis. So there is just so much to talk about. It's really hard to predict how the hearing will play out, but it will definitely be interesting. What is the case that a supporter is making for RFK Junior In this role? They portray him as a change maker who will direct scientific research towards the root causes of chronic diseases. He's talked a lot about the importance of healthy food and getting additives out of the food supply. I reached a White House spokesperson last week who told me Kennedy has met with more than 60 senators and he's prepared and excited for this process.


And I guess we should note here and there, there's been a democrat who's said, listen, I agree with Kennedy about this one thing here and there. Right. But then there are efforts to block his confirmation because of all those other opinions you just mentioned. What's going on? Yeah. So this is definitely a strange bedfellow situation. You have protect our care, which is a left-leaning advocacy organization, running ads targeting Republican senators saying he's an anti-vaccine extremist. They point to an incident in Samoa, which is a Pacific island that Kennedy visited in 2019 just before a measles outbreak that killed 83 people. Thousands of doctors have been speaking out saying infectious diseases like measles, also polio meningitis could make a comeback if the federal government stopped supporting routine vaccinations.


And then you have Kennedy detractors on the right as well. Oh, that's interesting because so many people on the right have felt they need to support everything the president does, who's resisting. Well, former vice president Mike Pence objects to the fact that Kennedy has been supportive of abortion rights. Now, Kennedy says he'll go along with Trump's opposition to abortion rights, but Pence does not buy that. And his group advancing American freedom has been running its own ads against Kennedy. Also, this week, two conservative media outlets, the New York Post and the Wall Street Journal ran editorials against his confirmation. I'm beginning to wonder, Selena, if just one confirmation hearing is going to be sufficient for all the questions that senators have. Well, actually he has two. So today is the hearing in the Senate Finance Committee, and tomorrow is the hearing In the help committee.


The finance committee will actually vote on his nomination, and after that it will be voted on by the full Senate. Okay. Help committee, health, education, labor. What's the P? Do we know the P? Pensions? Oh, pensions. NPR, Salina Simmons. Seven. Thanks so much. Okay. Thank you. Every two years we get a rare glimpse of how the nation's students are doing in math and reading. It comes from the Nation's report card, that's what it's called. The latest results are out today and have a lot to say. Nearly five years after the pandemic first closed schools, NPS, Cory Turner has been looking at the data. Cory, good morning.


Good Morning, Steve. Okay, so how are our students doing? Well, this is not the report card we were hoping for. These results come from the National Assessment of Educational Progress, which was created by Congress. It's been around for decades. Every other year, the country tests a sample of fourth and eighth graders and we're talking reading and math. And the last time we got results in 2022, they showed steep learning losses from the pandemic. So the hope was when students took these tests again in 2024, we might see them doing better. Well, here's Peggy Carr. She is commissioner of the National Center for Education Statistics. These results are sobering. We're not where we need to be or where we want to be at this point.


Now, Steve, as bleak as that sounds, I actually wanna start with one glimmer of hope in those sobering results. Fourth graders who took the math test in 2024 actually did a little better than the fourth graders who took it in 2022. Okay. And that's really important because it ends a pandemic slide in fourth grade. Okay. So that bit of good news amid some not so good news, I guess. Yeah, a lot of not so good news because even in fourth grade math kids still aren't back to the scores we saw before the pandemic. In fact, when you break the data down in only one state, Steve, Alabama are fourth graders doing better in math than fourth graders were doing before the pandemic one state.


And in eighth grade, there's a really worrying achievement gap that's been widening between top and lower performers. Well, this is disturbing. At a time when education is so closely linked to people's success later in life, how are kids doing in reading? Well, that may be the toughest news of all. In fourth and eighth grade, both reading scores continued to fall from 2022 to 2024. And keep in mind, they'd already been falling from 2019 to 2022. The lowest performers in reading are actually scoring worse now than the lowest performers who took the test 30 years ago. Wow. And remember how I said only one state had surpassed its pre pandemic math scores? Well, it is the same in reading.


In only one state are fourth graders doing better than they were in 2019. And that is Louisiana. What happened to all the money that the federal government spent since the peak of the pandemic to try to make up for some of the pandemic educational losses? Yeah, So a hundred $90 billion, that is a lot of money. You're right. But several researchers told me, look, that money helped just not enough. And part of the reason why is because Congress sent most of it directly to districts. They had a lot of freedom in spending it, and they were only required to spend a small fraction of it on learning loss. Hmm. I also wanna say though, these declines in math and reading, Steve, when you look big picture, they were made worse by the pandemic, but they actually started before Covid around a decade ago, and researchers told me understanding why is gonna be key to getting kids back on track.


This big report card. It's great for understanding where kids are struggling, but not why or what we can do about it. Really appreciate that insight that this would've slide would've started before the pandemic. Something bigger going on. Corey, thanks so much. You're Welcome, Steve. That's N PS Cory Turner, and that's a first for this Wednesday, January 29th. I'm Steve Inskeep. And I'm Hel Martin. Remember, You can listen to this podcast sponsor free while financially supporting public media with upfirst Plus. Learn more at plus dot npr.org. That's ppls.npr.org. Today's upfirst was edited by Dana Farrington, Diane Webber, Nicole Cohen, Janaea Williams, and Alice Wolfley.


It was produced by Ziyad bch, Nia Dumas, Claire Murashima and Chris Thomas. We get engineering support from Isha Highness and our technical director is Carleigh Strange. Join us tomorrow.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, You can manage your wealth your way At Schwab. Visit Schwab dot com to learn more


support for NPR and the following message come from Washington Wise. Decisions made in Washington can affect your portfolio every day. Washington Wise from Charles Schwab is an original podcast that unpacks the stories making news and how they may affect your finances and portfolio. Host Mike Townsend and his guests explore policy initiatives for retirement, savings, taxes, trade, and more. Download the latest episode and follow At Schwab dot com slash Washington wise, or wherever you listen.