
President Trump's tariffs are here, And that means higher prices for many things Americans buy every single day. They'll Tell you what to expect at the store checkout. I'm Scott Simon. I'm Aisha Roscoe, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Bacon is through the roof. They're all through the roof, the milk, everything is bad and we're gonna straighten it out. We're gonna bring prices way down and we'll get it, get it done fast. That was then candidate Donald Trump on the campaign trail. But look at how his new tariffs are going to affect grocery prices. We'll also take a look at a Republican spending bill intended to help enact President Trump's domestic policies.


Also a big hockey record tied and college basketball. So Stay with us. We have the news. You need to start your weekend From media to tech, to politics. The world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now@donate.npr.org.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Throughline Podcast from NPR.


There was Barb Heimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four Superman for a guide to the movies and TV we are most excited about this summer. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR.


Lowering grocery prices was one of President Trump's repeated campaign promises, but Shortly after he was elected, the president did admit it would be hard to bring prices down once they have gone up. Well, hold on to your wallet, Scott, because according to economic experts, the tariffs President Trump just imposed on dozens of our trading partners will make prices on many things go up even higher. And p Scott Newman is looking at which items in our grocery cart might get hit. First, Scott, thanks for being with us. Good to be here. What food could see the biggest price increases? Seafood. The US imports around 80% of the seafood we consume. That's fish, but also other things like shrimp and scallops.


We get a lot of it from Asian countries that have high tariff rates. India with a 26% rate, and Indonesia with a 32% rate. So if these countries pass along to consumers, even a portion of their higher costs, the price of seafood could skyrocket. And what else might be affected? Well, I spoke with food industry analyst, Phil Lempert. He also edits a site called supermarket guru.com. I would estimate that probably almost half of the products in a supermarket have some issue that these tariffs are gonna affect. So another item on my list is coffee. Something like 80% of the coffee consumed in the US each year comes mostly from Brazil and Columbia.


They only have 10% tariffs, but as most of us know, coffee prices are already high. And this might force us to rethink our morning routines. Then there's alcohol. The US gets a lot of its imported beer from Mexico, the Netherlands, Ireland, and Canada. And a lot of its wine from European Union countries that will now have a 20% tariff. And I guess it looks like a lot of Asian countries will face higher tariffs also. Right. We already mentioned seafood, but another major export from Asia is rice. About a third of the rice the US consumes comes from there. Jasmine Rice from Thailand, which will have a 36% tariff and bosma from India, which faces a 26% tax.


Kenneth Roff, a Harvard Economics professor, says, some minority communities that rely on imported food are probably going to be affected, And I suspect Asian Americans particularly, but all of us are gonna face a big hit. Scott, do you have an idea of how much prices are gonna rise because of the tariffs? It's too early to say there are just too many factors at play. For example, you wouldn't immediately think that steel and aluminum tariffs on China would have any impact on groceries. But for canned goods like soup and vegetables, those cans are mostly made out of steel. And of course, beer cans are mostly aluminum. Then there's palm oil. Indonesia, a leading supplier will have a 32% tariff.


Palm oil is used in everything from cooking oil and snacks to cosmetics and shampoo. Domestic suppliers too could see the higher cost of their foreign competition as an opportunity to raise their own prices. NPR correspondent Scott Newman. Thanks so much. Thank you Scott. Senate Republicans are moving ahead with their budget plan. It's intended to help realize some of President Trump's domestic policies, such as his tax and energy agendas. NP Congressional correspondent Claudia Les has been following the Bill's progress.


Thanks so much for being with us. Thanks for having me. Scott. And Senate Republicans unveiled this plan earlier in the week. What can you tell us about it? Right. This is a blueprint for a multi-trillion dollar measure that could become a hallmark of Trump's second term, it reimagines defense energy, immigration, and tax policy spending. So lots of major elements here that includes an extension of tax cuts passed during Trump's first term that are set to expire by year end Republicans argue Americans would see their tax bills rise without it, but critics say it will come with a huge price tag that would raise the federal deficit. It would also lift the US debt limit by $5 trillion to avoid a breach this summer.


And without that, we could be looking at a default. So a big concern there they're hoping to address. But we should also note this is just the beginning of a very long complicated process known as budget reconciliation. And that includes a series of legislative hurdles designed to overcome a Senate filibuster Because Republicans control the Senate, but only 53 seats, could they ultimately pass this plan with a simple majority. I mean, can they get there? Maybe? But it's clearly looking to shape up to be an uphill battle. The house has their own blueprint and there's big differences between the two chambers.


They're gonna need to sort through and by big, they're more than a trillion dollars apart in their blueprints. Now, if both sides can sort those differences, they'll move to pass one final blueprint, start crafting actual texts for this massive plan, then try to pass that plan in both chambers on very tight margins. So while there's this lower vote threshold in the Senate, congressional Republicans need to say virtually united with little room for error. What are some of the divides between Senate and House Republicans? Well, Senate Republicans say they wanna make those Trump tax cuts permanent, and they claim it will not increase federal debt through an accounting tactic. But even Republican fiscal hawks in the house are not buying it.


Then the Senate blueprint aims to reduce the deficit by around $4 billion. That's a small fraction of what House Republicans want to do. They wanna cut at least $1.5 trillion. Also in the House, Republicans have directed the Energy and Commerce Committee to cut $880 billion in spending. That's raised the specter that those cuts cannot happen without a significant hit to Medicaid benefits. And some Republican members say that's something they cannot stomach. How do Republicans overcome the divide? Is that where President Trump's temp sit? We expect he will. He's virtually become a congressional closer in terms of getting key legislation past the finish line.


Whether it's involve direct meetings at the White House with Republican leaders or holdouts, including those fiscal hawks in some cases, and last minute phone calls to flip Republican nos to yeses. So expect that to ramp up as this process heats up and he'll likely have to weigh in on that huge divide between the chambers that at one end we see fiscal hawks who have proven in past congressional sessions, they're willing to rebuke leadership, but they have yet to do that this year and they're gonna be facing off against Republicans firmly opposed to Medicaid cuts. So it's shaping up to be one of the biggest obstacles to final passage that will test Republicans appetite to touch a political third rail in a pivotal moment for the party.


And be Claudia Zales, thanks so much for being with us today. Thank You. Basketball and hockey fans had a big night last night. A hockey legend's goal record, which many people said was Unbreakable, was matched after 26 years. And of course, looking ahead to college basketball finals, Howard Bryant of Met Luck Media joins us. Howard, thanks for being with us. Good morning, Scott. How are you? I'm fine, thanks my friend. Let's try April Hysteria women's tournament final set after South Carolina beat Texas 74 to 57 Yukon throttle, UCLA 85 to 51.


Who do you think has the edge in the final tomorrow? That's a great question. You're, you're talking about one team Yukon that's won the thing 11 times at Gen rma. Then you're talking about Don Staley in South Carolina. They're the defending champions. So tough to say. Who's got the edge? I think that I'm, you know, I mean, Scott, we've been doing this for a long time. You're always, you're the champion until somebody beats you. So even though Yukon looked phenomenal, even though I think they've got the best player in the country and Paige Becker's and they look like they are absolutely ready to finally do something that Paige hasn't done, which is to win the championship. She's been in the final four almost her entire career, other than the, you know, the 2023 knee injury. But she's so close and you wanna climb that mountain now's the, it's the the time to do it.


But at the same time, you're going up against a championship team that has looked beatable. But here they are again, south Carolina's champion for a reason. Men's tournament, final four Night Florida faces Auburn, Houston faces Duke, all the number one seeds in play. First time in the Final four since 2008. So, I mean, what was March? What was March about? Yeah, well it's, it's interesting because the last time it happened, and the only other time it happened was in 2008 in San Antonio, and here we are again in San Antonio, so that you've got great teams. I think that these, the, they are the four best teams. They've all been sort of trading being number one or very, you know, very close to it.


I didn't think Auburn was gonna get there. They, because they can be so erratic. But they've all played close games, they've all won blowouts as well. They all play defense. I think Houston's the one whose offense isn't really in, isn't as good as the other ones. I mean, duke has got Cooper Flagg, who you probably going to see him in the NBA in about six months. And so every team here has a reason why they can win. You look at, even in a team like Florida that nobody thought was as good as they are, good team, they haven't, you know, they lost one games in February 1st. So everybody's great. They all play similar styles. Then you've got the superstar with Cooper Flag and Duke, but they're the youngest team.


So here we go. And of course, last night in the NHL Alexandra Ovechkin and the Washington Capital's tied the NHLs all time scoring record held by Wayne Gretzky. He scored two goals last night, 39 years old, still playing at such a high level And broke his leg this year, by the way. Right. I'd forgotten that. And broke his leg in in November. Incredible. And I think this is, I mean this is one of those records, Scott, you're not supposed to break Wayne Gretzky's record. And to, and to have done it in one and to tie it in one fewer game is sort of also amazing. And I think that when you look at, at Ovie, the scoring, the goals, the ferocity, the way he plays the game, there is so much to love about what he's done.


I think the amazing thing is obviously this is one of those records that you're just never, you never expected anyone. When Gretzky broke Gordy, how's record at 8 0 1 back in 30 years ago? You didn't think anybody was gonna get to 8 94. And here we are and if he wants to, because he's still playing so well, he could score 950, he could score a thousand goals if he wants to, if he wants to keep going. But it's fascinating to see it happen. To witness one of the all time great records go. And I think the, the thing that I really sort of enjoy about it as well is that this is also what it takes. Because let's not forget before they won the cup, you know, seven years ago people were thinking that he was finished.


That he was done. That's right. That's Right. And here he is at the top of the mountain a a Mount Rushmore moment for the unbreakable record about to be broken. Okay, Howard Bryant of Meadow Luck Media. Thanks so much for being with us. Yeah, my pleasure, Scott. And that's Upfirst for Saturday, April 5th, 2025. I'm Scott Simon. And I'm Aisha Rosco. Martin Patience produce this podcast with help from Gabe O'Connor and Elena Toric. Dee Parvez edited, along with Melissa Gray, Avi Schneider, and Martha Ann Overland. Daniel Hensel is our fine director with expert support from technical director Andy, ER engineers, Jay Sis, Zach Coleman, and Simon Laslow Janssen.


Our senior supervising editor is Shannon Rhodes. Evie Stone is our executive producer and Jim Kane is our deputy managing editor. Tomorrow on The Sunday Story, the Trump administration's crackdown on immigrants means those communities are living through uncertain times. We'll hear from immigrants in several states on how they're coping. And for more news, interviews, sports and music, You can tune into weekend edition on your radio. Go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR stations.


But hold up, wait, wait, so to speak. Before you go, we have one more thing for you today. Now you know we take keeping you informed very seriously. Our friends at NPRs Wait, wait, don't tell me. They take making fun of the news very seriously. And they do it so well. Each week they create a news quiz. We want to give Upfirst listeners the chance to play along. You Can test your knowledge of the week's news against the show's panelists by listening every weekend. Check out this weekend's lightning fill in the blank news quiz.


Now on to our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players left 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores Again? Nain has one. Tig and Josh each have three. Oh my goodness. How am I sucking so bad? All right, Nain, you're in third place. You're gonna go first. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday, the longest speech in Senate history was completed by blank Cory Booker. Right on Monday the White House began another wave of blanks affecting employees at US Health agencies. Layoffs. Right on Monday, the astronauts who were stuck in the blanks spoke publicly for the first time. International Space Station. Right on Wednesday, the CDC warned that cases of whooping blank were on the rise throughout the country.


Cough right This week, an AI recipe generator was flagged after it posted a recipe for a blank Biscuits, No cyanide ice cream. And also quote, actual cocaine on Tuesday. Teachers at a high school in Virginia said they saw notable grade increases after enforcing a blank ban. A phone ban, cell Phone ban, right? Known for his roles in Top Gun, Batman Forever. And top Secret actor blank passed away at the age of 65. Val Kilmer Right this week. A man in Texas who broke into a car dealership was caught after he blanked, Fell asleep in the car. He was stealing. No, he called police 'cause he couldn't figure out how to get outta the building. Police say there was actually several unlocked doors the man could have gone through reports.


Also say the only thing he managed to steal was a handful of candy. And even worse, he somehow ended up paying an extra $700 for Undercoating Bill. I think Nain did pretty well. Very well. Six, right? 12 more. And that gives her 13 and the lead. Alright. All right, Josh, I'm arbitrarily picking you to go next. So here we go. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday, despite over $20 million in spending by Elon Musk, the liberal candidate won the Supreme Court election in blank Wisconsin. Right. On Monday, the DOJ directed prosecutors to seek the death penalty against blank Luigi Minoni. Right? On Monday, Italy said it would tighten regulations after a huge increase in people applying for blank Citizenship.


Right? For in a first for women's sports South Carolina, coach Dawn Staley blanked after making the final four for a second straight year Celebrated. She celebrated by, specifically by signing a baby's butt. On Monday, Mexico banned the sale of sweet treats in all of the blanks. Bakeries, no Schools. On Wednesday, the switch to was announced, the latest gaming system from blank Nintendo, right This week. A British man on his way to a soccer game who noticed papers littering the street, quickly discovered they were blank, Wanted posters for him. No top secret documents about British troop movements. The papers included details about patrol routes, weapons, checks, and even included soldiers names and phone numbers. It's like top British military officials heard about the US group chat and were like, Hey, hold my room.


Temperature beer bill. How did Josh do in our quiz? Pretty good. Four, right? Eight more points. Total of 11 is in second place. Alright, So K's already been very impressive. How many does she need to win in her debut appearance on our show? One five to tie, six to win. All right, tig, this is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Wednesday, a federal judge dismissed the case against New York. Mayor Blank. Eric, Adam. Yes. This week the FAA confirmed the creation of stress managing teams to help blank deal with understaffing issues. People. Yes, specifically air traffic controllers.


Though, on Monday an iceberg, the size of Chicago broke off an ice shelf in blank Water. The Antarctic. This week, a high speed chase in Nashville ended when officers caught the car they were pursuing when its driver blanked Stopped. Yes, I wanna give it to you specifically. He stopped at a gas station to put more air in his tires. On Wednesday, the Queen Mary two was forced to end its crews early. After almost 250 passengers caught blank Diarrhea. Norovirus, according to a new data, getting the blank vaccine could protect against dementia Shingles.


Right? This week, a flight from LA to Shanghai had to turn around mid Tripp because blank forgot their passport Pilot. That's right. Two hours into the flight, the 275 passengers heard the pilot's quote. Very frustrated voice on the intercom announced they were turning around because he had forgotten his passport. The flight resumed six hours behind schedule. But don't worry, passengers were awarded food vouchers worth up to $30, just enough to buy one egg to throw at the pilot. Did diarrhea count as neuroscience Neurovirus? I don't know. I think, I think, I don't know if You can. They wanted to Give the people what they want.


Diarrhea. So Bill, using your best judgment, did Nita Tar do well enough to win? Well, for a rookie, she did great. Four, right? Eight more points. Total of 11. That means Our champ is nain far, you see, came up from behind. Oh my God.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


Imagine If you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you think you have a DHD? You're not alone. After the pandemic hit, there was a huge jump in A DHD diagnoses among adults. And at the same time, the internet is more and more obsessed with saying everything is a sign of it. You Might have ADHD To identify the red flags when a diagnosis goes viral. Listen to the, it's been a minute podcast today.