
The White House is defending its decision to strike Iran over the weekend. It says, destroying Iran's nuclear sites was the singular goal. We have no interest in a protracted conflict. We have no interest in boots on the ground. What is Congress saying? I'm Layla Foaled with Michelle Martin, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. Israel says it won't be dragged into a war of attrition As Iran and Israel continue to trade fire. Meanwhile, Iran is considering how it plans to respond to the US attack. Iran would not be able to manage an escalation with the United States, which even if it retaliated, it will only invite greater and greater American military action.


Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having Rinse. Do it for you with one touch in app scheduling, pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear, handled by laundry experts who get every detail right, Rinse makes laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up at Rinse dot com and save $20 on your first order support for NPR.


And the following message come from GoodRx. GoodRx helps keep your prescription costs low. From diabetes to allergy relief to heart health. Save up to 80% on prescriptions for you and your family and pets too. Good. RX lets you compare prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly find free coupons. GoodRx is not insurance but may beat your copay price. If you do have insurance beat high prices at the pharmacy, go to goodrx.com/ upfirst.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Tools and Weapons, the podcast hosted by Microsoft's Vice chair and president Brad Smith. Across three exclusive conversations on the company's 50th anniversary, Microsoft's CEOs, bill Gates, Steve Ballmer, and Satya Nadella. Share the stories, dreams, and drive that fuel the digital revolution and explain why it may be at its most exciting point. Yet. For these and more conversations with other thought leaders, search tools and weapons wherever you listen to podcasts.


This message comes from T-Mobile for Business Lights Camera Innovation. Walt Disney Studios chose advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform the movie making process. Together, they kept a remote production hub in Hawaii, in sync with a team in California to bring Lilo and Stitch to theaters this summer. This is picture perfect collaboration. This is Walt Disney Studios with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash Now.


The Trump administration is defending its strikes on three nuclear targets in Iran over the weekend, beginning with President Trump's address to the nation following the attacks. Iran's key nuclear enrichment facilities have been completely and totally obliterated. Other world leaders have expressed concern and in some cases, condemnation. The Head of the International Atomic Energy Agency, Raphael Gross, is calling for a ceasefire. We have a window of opportunity to return to dialogue and diplomacy if that window closes. Violence and destruction could reach unthinkable levels and the global non-proliferation regime, as we know it could crumble and fall.


And Iran's foreign minister Abbas ACI spoke to reporters in Turkey. His comments were broadcast by the ap. The US administrations holds sole and full responsibility for the consequences of its actions, including the Islamic Republic of Iran's right to self-defense under the principles of the United Charter. The decision for the US to intervene came a little over a week after Israel launched a series of strikes on Iran that prompted both sides to begin trading missiles. We will be looking at the impact, the reaction, and what the consequences may be starting here in Washington DC with NPR White House correspondent Deepa Shiram. She's with us now to talk it through. Good morning, Deepa.


Hey, good morning. So what has the White House said since the strike? And are they worried about any kind of retaliation from Iran? Well, the president was in Washington all of yesterday, but he didn't have any public events. He did have another intelligence briefing with his National Security Council last night though. So we really haven't heard much else from the president on this issue. But administration officials like Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, held a briefing yesterday morning. Vice President JD Vance also spoke to several of the Sunday shows defending the President's decision. Here's Vance speaking to NBC's meet the press yesterday. We have no interest in a protracted conflict. We have no interest in boots on the ground. The President has actually been one of the fiercest critics of 25 years of failed foreign policy in the Middle East, which is why he did what he did.


A very precise, a very surgical strike tailored to an American national interest. And Vance said it would be, quote, a catastrophic mistake if Iran were to retaliate against the US in any way. Iran though has said it reserves all options in responding to the US and Iran's parliament also approved closing the Strait of Horus, which could impact oil prices. But that decision is not yet final. And How has the news been playing out in Washington over the weekend? Most congressional leaders weren't even briefed on the attack until after it happened. How have that? How have they responded? Well, predictably Democrats have been extremely critical of the strike. Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, for example, said it was grounds for impeachment. And also predictably, most Republicans have stood behind the President, but there have been a few that have said that the White House's decision was unconstitutional because it's Congress that has the authority to approve the use of force, not the President.


Though I will say it's been decades since Congress actually used that authority. So someone like GOP representative Thomas Massey, he posted on social media about the constitutionality of Trump's decision. And then yesterday Trump went after Massey in a lengthy social media post saying he would campaign to unseat him and called him weak and ineffective. But I, I will say, when it comes to public opinion, though, one poll before the US strike on Iran showed that most Americans think the US military shouldn't get involved in the conflict in the aftermath of the attack. Though it's probably too soon to tell what public opinion will say, but one thing to keep in mind is that President Trump is someone who ran his campaign talking about how the US wouldn't get involved in more foreign wars.


Just yesterday though, the president posted on social media raising the idea that there could be a regime change in Iran and advocating for a regime change could potentially get the US more involved in a conflict that there might not be public support for Dipa. Before we let you go, the president is supposed to leave tomorrow for the NATO summit in the Netherlands. How is Trump's decision going to come up among European allies? How do you think it's gonna play out? Yeah, well, there are some NATO allies who have spoken out about the threat of Iran's nuclear program already. So it's possible that Trump received some support from European allies about his decision to strike Iran. For example, UK Prime Minister Kiir Starmer, posted on X and said that the US took action to alleviate the threat of Iran's nuclear program.


But I will say the main focus of the summit will be trying to get NATO members to spend more on their defense, which is something Trump has been really critical about for years. That is NPS Deep Shira Deepa. Thank you. Thank you. Israel's prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu spoke to reporters yesterday about Israel's war with Iran. He's saying there that Israel won't be dragged into a war of attrition, but that it also won't end the war until it's achieved its objectives to degrade Iran's missiles and nuclear program. In the meantime, both countries exchanged more fire this morning for The latest, we're joined by NPRs Hadil Alci from Tel Aviv.


Hadil, good morning to you. Good morning. Yesterday You visited an attack site in Tel Aviv. What did you see there and what did you hear there? That's right. So yesterday around 7:00 AM Iran's first move after the US bombed its nuclear sites was to fire missiles towards Israel. I recorded this from outside my home, So that's a taste of what we hear in Tel Aviv Almost every day. Some of those booms are missiles being intercepted. But yesterday the affluent neighborhood of Ramat Aviv in Northern Tel Aviv was hit. I visited the area. An entire residential high-rise building was gutted, shattered glass crunched under our feet, and people were trying to get back into their homes to collect their belongings.


Talking to people here, there's overwhelming support for the war. People say that Iran has posed an existential threat to Israel with its nuclear program for decades, And that Israel had to do something about it. How does Israel assess the impact of what the US has done in Iran? Well, Israel is saying that significant damage was done to the three nuclear sites that the US struck, but it says it's also still assessing that damage. The US said it wasn't sure where Iran supply of uranium is. The stockpile is stored in small vessels that can fit into a number of cars and then moved around. The director of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the UN's nuclear watchdog, said he believes that the stockpile was moved And that Israeli analysts here say the entire nuclear program has not been destroyed, that Iran likely has the uranium and centrifuges hidden somewhere, And that they could develop maybe weapons in secret.


And what might Israel's next moves be? Well, it largely depends on Iran and how it retaliates, but the Israeli military said it is continuing to strike Iranian military targets. It did that this morning. And then there's also a feeling here that Israel wants to find a way to wrap up this war with the help of the US and the US says it's time for talks and diplomacy. There is a fear in Israel that the two countries, Iran and Israel, will just fall into this routine of exchanging fire for a long time. A tit for tat that becomes a new reality. Hadil, before we let you go, there was a steady drumbeat last week among Israeli officials, including Netanyahu about regime change in Iran. Where is that conversation now?


Well, actually, reporters asked Netanyahu about that yesterday and he said that the goals of this war were to remove Iran's nuclear and ballistic missile threats. That's all he said. Also, president Trump is calling for a deal with this Iranian government and vice president JD Van said last night that regime change is not the goal. And then, you know, looking way ahead, Israelis hope that wrapping things up with Iran will also create the impetus to end the older conflict in Gaza. Netanyahu told reporters he's waiting for a response from Hama that he hoped the two sides could agree to a two month ceasefire, negotiate a permanent ceasefire and bring back the hostages. That's NPR Hadil hel in Tel Aviv. Hadil.


Thank you. You're welcome. Okay, let's turn to Iran and what it may do in response. And for that turn to NPR national security correspondent Greg Myy. Greg, good morning to you. Hi Michelle. So just let's start with what Iran is saying. It might do. You know, we haven't heard a lot from Iran's top leaders recently. Most of them have not been in public, but Iran's revolutionary guards, the elite military unit, released a video overnight with a spokesman saying the US will face quote, regrettable and unpredictable consequences. He went on to say the US can start this war but will be the ones who end it. The the one figure we have heard a bit from is the foreign minister, ABAs or Xi, we heard a bit of his tape a couple minutes ago now he's in Russia today, but he spoke Sunday in Turkey.


He said his country has the right to respond, reserves all options to defend its security. What options might he be talking about? Yeah, Iran or one of its proxies could fire a missile or a drone at US troops in the region. There are around 40,000 US forces at multiple bases. They are on high alert and well aware that Iran has carried out these kind of attacks in the past. Iran could also try to disrupt oil shipping in the Gulf as, as we heard, Iran's parliament on Sunday approved closing. The Strait of Harm moves about 20% of the world's oil goes through the strait every day. And the US, though we should note, has moved a large naval presence into the region and it is very well positioned to respond.


Iran could take its time and and wait before attacking a softer civilian target in the Middle East or beyond. Iran has been linked to many terrorist attacks in the past and Iran also has a decent cyber forces and could try to carry out some sort of cyber attack. Okay, so we're hearing that Iran may have a range of options, but we talked, Hadil spoke earlier about this, this fear in Israel of a sec, of a back and forth tit for tat. Wouldn't this risk this some kind of a back and forth with the us? Yes, absolutely. And this is why Iran is really in a very difficult position at this moment. You know, it's already fighting with Israel and it, it's been on the losing end of that confrontation for the past 10 or 11 days.


So if Iran doesn't respond to the US strike and the US just bombed its most important nuclear sites, then Iran will look very weak. But if it does respond, then it is likely to face an even larger hit from the US and, and President Trump has already threatened this. I spoke about this with Iran expert Ali Nasser, a professor at Johns Hopkins University. Iran would not be able to manage an escalation with the United States, which even if it retaliated, it will only invite greater and greater American military action. Does Iran have non-military options? For example, could it seek a ceasefire and peace negotiations?


Yeah, Michel, that's theoretically possible, but Iran is in a position of real weakness right now would have to make some major concessions. Trump says Iran should make peace immediately, but he's also called for unconditional surrender by Iran. So he seems to think Iran would have to give up a host of US and Israeli demands. Now Israel has the upper hand in the fighting and shows every sign of, of wanting to press ahead with that advantage while it has the military momentum. And Iran is really not expressing interest in talks right now saying that there will be no peace negotiations while Iran is under assault. That is NPR r's Greg Meyer. Greg, thank you.


Sure thing, Michelle. And that Upfirst for Monday, June 23rd. I'm Michelle Martin. And I'm Layla Fal. There's an easy way to stay connected to news and podcasts from the NPR network. The NPR app hear community coverage from your local station, stories from around the world, and podcast suggestions based on what you like. Download the NPR app in your app store. Today's episode of Of first was edited by Krishna Dev Kalimore, Alex Leff, Andrew Sussman, Jana Williams, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Zia Budge, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Stacey Abbott and our technical director is Carly Strange. We hope you're join us again tomorrow.


This message comes from Bombas Socks. Underwear and t-shirts are the top three requested clothing items by people experiencing homelessness. Bombas makes all three and donates one item. For every item purchased, go to Bombas dot com slash npr and use code NPR for 20% off.


This message comes from Jackson. Let's face it, retirement planning can be confusing. At Jackson, we are working to make retirement clear for everyone starting with you. Our easy to understand resources and user friendly digital tools help simplify your entire experience. You can have confidence in your retirement with clarity from Jackson. Seek the clarity you deserve@jackson.com. Jackson is short For Jackson Financial Incorporated, Jackson National Life Insurance Company, Lansing, Michigan, and Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York Purchase New York.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Oracle. In business, they say You can have better, cheaper, or faster, but you only get to pick two. What If you could have all three at the same time? Oracle Cloud Infrastructure is the blazing fast platform for your infrastructure, database, application development, and AI needs. With OCI, You can run any workload in a high availability, consistently high performance environment and spend less than you would with other clouds. To try OCI for free with zero commitment, go to oracle.com/npr.