
New tariffs are now a reality. And President Trump says, trade partners are lining up to talk. We're doing very well in making, I call 'em tailored deals, not off the rack. These are tailored, highly tailored deals Which countries want to negotiate. I'm Layla Foden. That's a Martinez. And this is a first from NPR News. Now, China is not willing to talk over the 104% tariffs on its goods. We will not tolerate any attempt to harm China's sovereignty, security, and development interests. How is China retaliating? And The Trump administration gets another partial victory from the U US Supreme Court. The court has ruled the federal government can proceed with firing 16,000 probationary employees.


At least. For now, Stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day From media to tech, to politics. The world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now@donate.npr.org.


Imagine If you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPR r's. Wait, wait, don't tell me Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on line. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


President Trump. Sweeping new tariffs took effect shortly after midnight on nearly all US trading partners. And those tariffs will mean US businesses will pay extra to import products into the U us. And for some of those major trading partners, that new tax is steep from an added 20% on goods from the European Union to an extra 46% on goods from Vietnam. And they will likely mean higher prices for consumers. But Trump has opened the door to changes. Here's what he said yesterday. And we're doing very well in making, I call 'em tailored deals, not off the rack. These are tailored, highly tailored deals. Right now, Japan is flying here to make a deal.


South Korea's flying here to make a deal and others are flying here. Danielle, Kurt Slavin is NPRs White House correspondent. So Danielle, what is the White House saying about how long these tariffs will last? Well, the White House's messaging on this has been confusing. There were several days there where you'd have one administration official saying these tariffs are non-negotiable, that they're gonna stick around a while. And then you'd have another official saying Trump was open to negotiation. But yesterday the White House seemed to have settled on the idea that yes, these tariffs are negotiable. They've said that about 70 countries have reached out for some sort of talks. And yesterday press Secretary Caroline Levitt insisted that these tariffs have always been open to negotiation.


The entire administration has always said that President Trump is willing to pick up the phone and talk. And the president met with his trade team this morning and he directed them to have tailor made trade deals with each and every country that calls up this administration to strike a deal. And that's a narrative that fits with an image Trump really likes to project, which is that he's a master deal maker. But he did say yesterday, it's a long list of countries and it could take some time to get through. Alright, so long list. Which countries have reached out? Well, Trump has said he's spoken to leaders of multiple major trading partners, including Japan, South Korea, and Vietnam. But one country that has not reached out according to Trump is China.


Now, there's been some back and forth on retaliation with them, but as a result, the tariff on Chinese goods is now at least 104%. So that more than doubles the cost of a lot of consumer goods from them. And if China's retaliatory tariffs on US products stays in place, that could very much hurt some US businesses like farmers who send a lot of crops there. Yeah. Is, is Donald Trump getting any pushback from within his own party? Well, not only that, there's been pushback from within his own team. Elon Musk has openly opposed these tariffs. He's the head of Tesla and SpaceX. And yesterday on social media, he lashed out at top trade advisor Peter Navarro in several really insulting posts.


At one point he called Navarro, quote, dumber than a sack of bricks. Now on Capitol Hill, things are much more polite, but Republican anger is starting to show us trade. Representative Jameson Greer faced the Senate Finance Committee in a hearing yesterday, and several Republicans really pressed him on the tariffs. They asked for example, when and how the tariffs might go away. Now, in addition, there have now been bipartisan bills introduced in both the House and the Senate seeking to restrict the President's tariff authority. Those bills, they're unlikely to pass, but they do have a little Republican support And that represents some cracks in what's usually a very unified GOP. That's NPRs Danielle, Kurt Leiman.


Thanks a lot, Danielle. Thank You. China has swiftly retaliated by increasing its levies on US goods to 84% up from 34%. We're going now to NPR international correspondent, John Ruic in Beijing. So John, what more can you tell us about Beijing's reaction? Yeah, Beijing really came out swinging today. Once again, as it had promised. As you say, you know, China announced that it was adding, adding a a 50% tariff on top of its other tariffs on US imports matching Trump's latest two escalation step for step. This takes the base tariff rate on US imports into China up to 84%. Now that's different than the base rate on us. Base US rate on Chinese imports to the U us, which is 104%.


And that's because Trump imposed 20% tariffs earlier in the year, and China responded differently since then, though it's taken the gloves off. Here's foreign ministry spokesman Lin Jen speaking through an interpreter earlier today. We will not let anyone take away the Chinese people's legitimate right to development. We will not tolerate any attempt to harm China's sovereignty, security, and development interests. We'll continue to take resolute and strong measures to safeguard our legitimate rise and interests. So in addition to the tariffs that were announced today, Beijing once again blacklisted a handful of us companies putting them on export control lists or unreliable entity lists. Yeah. Other Countries are choosing to negotiate or offer concessions.


Why is China taking this path? Well, China's casting this whole thing in kind of stark black and white terms, it's essentially right versus wrong. Beijing projects itself as a champion of free and fair trade now and of multilateralism, and it accuses the U us of engaging in selfish and irresponsible protectionism, even blackmail in this case. You know, President Trump said yesterday, China wants to make a deal and he's waiting for them to call. Well, China's leadership is also flagged that it's willing to negotiate, but not under duress. The foreign ministry spokesman Li Gen said the U us must adopt an attitude of equality, mutual benefit and respect. I mean, ultimately, I think the Chinese leadership believes that China can tough it out, And that in in the long run, this trade war is gonna damage the U us more than China.


It's worth noting of course, that China isn't the only country taking the path of retaliation. The European Union is planning to put sanctions on a range of US goods from steel to non-alcoholic beer. You said China believes it can tough it out, but with tariffs in in the, in these ranges, these numbers, I mean, it's gonna be painful. Yes, there absolutely will be pain from these tariffs and from the retaliation, you know, And that actually sorted the point. According to Guhan, who is a partner at the Beijing based research from Hutton research. She says, tariffs are basically so high now that meaningful negotiations are impossible until one side or the other cries uncle in caves As a strategy escalates to deescalate, Escalate to deescalate is what's happening.


She says, Beijing has been preparing for this since the first trade war back in 2018. And leadership's confident, you know, China's been doubling down on policies to strengthen self-sufficiency. Policy makers feel like they have a lot of ammunition for economic stimulus if they should need it. The currency's been allowed to weaken, the government's been propping up, share prices, et cetera, et cetera. So China's been expanding its trade also with diplomatic and diplomatic relations with other countries. What Other reactions have we seen outside of China? Well, Asian stocks fell sharply today. Some governments in the region are trying to position their economies to cushion the blow. India, for instance, cut benchmark interest rates today. Governments haven't said a whole lot. They're working quietly trying to negotiate to get these tariffs lowered or dropped.


That's NPR r's John Ruic in Beijing. John, thanks. You bet. President Trump has set out to drastically reshape the federal workforce. And yesterday he got some help in the effort from the U US Supreme Court. In a brief unsigned order, the court said the administration is free to move forward with the firing of 16,000 probationary federal employees. But the decision wasn't a total victory for the administration since, for now, at least, the court made no ruling on whether the firings themselves were actually legal. NPRs Nina Totenberg has been following the case and joins us now to break it all down.


Hi Nina. Hi, Layla. Okay, so let's jump in here. This is only the latest case in which the Supreme Court has taken a so-called emergency action at the behest of the Trump administration. And lately they're winning more than they're losing, right? Yes. On Friday, the court allowed the Trump administration to cancel millions of dollars in education grants. Then two days ago, the court threw out a lower court action temporarily barring the deportation of alleged Venezuelan gang members. Though there was a caveat that required all the deportees to have a hearing before a federal judge on their individual deportation orders. And yesterday, the court threw out a lower court order that barred the administration from firing 16,000 probationary employees.


The court said that the plaintiffs in the case were not the employees themselves, but nonprofit groups who failed to show that they themselves would be hurt by the firings. Okay, let's drill down on this latest one. What does probationary in this context mean? It means the fired employee has to be on the job for a year or less, or in some cases more time. That includes people who are serving in a job that they were promoted to, for instance. Okay, so the Trump administration asked the Supreme Court to get rid of that lower court order, and it did. So what happens now? Do these fired employees have any recourse left? Yes, but it's gonna take time.


And therein lies the rub. The employees have to first challenge their firings at the Merit Systems Protection Board, which is the federal agency charged with protecting civil servants. And for the most part, the most efficient way to do that is systematically with a class action that says essentially we are representing all of these similarly situated fired employees, and we as a class should be reinstated. But in order to be certified as a class, they have to go before an administrative judge at the Merit Systems Protection Board. And so far, there have been more than 10,000 cases filed since October, including 20 class action suits. And I would presume that when the dust settles, there will be lots more class actions, A lot of suits.


Can the Merit System Protection Board actually act quickly? The MSPB system is meant to be fast with cases finalized in 120 days, and the judge's decisions become final in 35 days, unless there's some intervening action by the Merit Systems Protection Board. Initially, any appeal would be taken by the MSPB board, but the agency didn't even have a quorum until two days ago. And the two board members there for the moment might well cancel each other's votes out. And in any event, the law allows a relatively quick appeal to the court of appeals for the federal Circuit. And in that setting, for sure, there will be thousands of employees who do have legal standing to sue and have been harmed.


NPR r's, Nina Totenberg. Thank you, Nina. Thank You. And that's Upfirst for Wednesday, April 9th. I'll be Martinez. And I'm Layla Fadden for your next Listen, consider, consider this from NPR. We here at upfirst give you the three big stories of the day, or consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single news story and what it means to you in less than 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Roberta Rampton, Robbie Griffiths, Anna Yukhananov, Jason Breslow, Lisa Thompson, and Jana Williams. It was produced by Zit Butch Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Nisha Highness and our technical director is Carleigh Strange.


Join us again tomorrow.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from supermicro, introducing AI Data Center Building Block Solutions accelerated by Nvidia Super Micro. SVP. Michael McNerney shares some of the reasons their customers choose these solutions. Ultimately, it's about control. Controlling your costs, controlling your data, really controlling your AI journey. So if you're building your models and pushing your data into these models, do you control that data? Do you control your intellectual property? Then it becomes a real challenge for a lot of industries. So Supermarket has been focused on building the complete, you know, rack level solution that allows the enterprise to focus on operating and taking advantage of the AI capabilities and spend less time and less money building the AI infrastructure. Learn more@supermicro.com slash ai.


There was Barb Inheimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four, Superman, for a guide to the movies and TV we are most excited about this summer. Listen to the Pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR.