
Good morning. A Hello, how Are you? Okie dokie. I'm ready whenever you are. Actually, I lied. Okay. I just need to get that. Okay. Okay, now I'm ready. Hadn't loaded yet. Here I am. Okay. President Trump is blasting the nation's monetary policy chief over interest rates. But can Trump push Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell out more than a year before his term ends? I'm Michelle Martin. That's a Martinez and this is Upfirst from NPR News.


A judge says the Trump administration ignored his orders to turn around two planes carrying alleged gang members to detention centers in El Salvador, treating court Orders as if they are optional. Will there be any consequences? And President Trump says he would like to find a way to lock up Americans abroad. That's the real fear that we have now, is that he is going to try to evade judicial review of deportations of US citizens. Can the US government actually do that? Stay with us. We'll give you all the news You need to start your day From media to tech, to politics. The world around us is changing.


Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now@donate.npr.org.


Imagine If you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on through line. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Throughline podcast from NPR.


President Trump is feuding with Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell. In a post on his truth social account, Trump said Powell's termination quote cannot come soon enough unquote. Now it isn't clear whether the president was calling for the Fed chair to be dismissed immediately, or at the end of his term. In May of 2026 in his post, Trump said Powell was too late and wrong unquote on interest rates. This all comes as Americans are feeling gloomier about the economy. Let's Talk to NPRs Scott Horsley. So Scott, what can you tell us about the, the tension between Trump and Powell? Well, president Trump has been urging the Fed for some time to lower interest rates. He always wants to see borrowing costs as as low as they can be, but the president's making that more difficult actually with his trade war.


Chairman Jerome Powell gave a speech in Chicago yesterday where he warned that Trump's tariffs will almost certainly push prices in the US higher, at least in the short term. And that suggests interest rates may need to stay elevated in order to avoid rekindling inflation. Now, you know, the president's social media post this morning criticizing that move and, and saying that the Fed is too late to cut interest rates certainly raises the temperature between Trump and Powell. The Fed chairman's term does run through next May and, and Powell has been adamant that he plans to serve out that term. He has tried to keep a low profile and avoid antagonizing the president, but that's a favor that Trump has not returned.


Yeah, and and you know what, when, when I think about like the way people have thought about spending, I mean spending was up last month. So I mean if there's all this uncertainty, why are people spending money? Well, people are spending money in large part to avoid Trump's tariffs. A lot of the spending that we saw in March was at auto dealers. Auto sales were up almost 6% last month. And you know, that suggests people were maybe advancing their car purchases to beat the, the tariffs that took effect at the beginning of April. And with good reason, the Center for Automotive Research says those new import taxes will add between 4,000 and $9,000 to the price of a new car. So if You can get in early, they can save some serious money.


Even domestic cars typically contain a lot of imported parts, so they're gonna get more expensive as well. Now where else should we look for the effects of these tariffs if we're kind of trying to search for 'em? Well, you know, if people splurged in March to get ahead of the tariffs, we're likely to see some payback in the months to come with reduced spending. Gene Soroka heads the Port of Los Angeles, which is one of the busiest container ports in the country, it handles a lot of cargo traffic coming in from Asia. Of course, China's been hit with these triple digit tariffs in the Trump era and Soroka is projecting at least a 10% drop in incoming cargo in the second half of this year. Global trade will slow, which will hit the economy worldwide because of these policies.


And of course prices for us will go up markedly buckle up. This is gonna get really bumpy for us. The irony here is before Trump launched this trade war, we were seeing real progress on inflation, which might have paved the way for the interest cut rate cuts that the president says he wants to see. Core inflation last month was the lowest it's been in four years, but hopes that Jerome Powell and his colleagues on the Fed could engineer a soft landing, have really been battered by Trump's tariffs. Forecasters are now projecting a double whammy of both higher prices and slower economic growth. That's all we seem to be doing, Scott. It's just buckling up all the time with the economy.


That's NPR Scott Horsy. Scott, thanks. You're Welcome. The Trump administration demonstrated quote, willful disregard for a court's order and is likely in criminal contempt. That's what US District Judge James Boberg ruled yesterday. He said the government ignored his order last month to turn back two planes carrying Venezuelan migrants to a prison in El Salvador. It's just one of the high profile cases in which federal judges are trying to hold the Trump administration accountable for flouting judicial orders. NPRs Adrian Florido joins us now. So tell us what the judge said in this ruling.


Well, judge Boberg said that government officials could have obeyed his order to turn those planes around but chose not to a little context. A on March 15th, president Trump said he'd invoked the wartime Alien Enemies Act of 1798 so he could quickly deport members of the Venezuelan gang UA without hearings. That same day officials in Texas loaded dozens of men onto two airplanes. The A CLU though found out what was happening and sued because it said these men needed to be allowed to challenge their deportations during an emergency hearing. In DC that evening, judge Boberg told the government lawyers that if those planes had already left, they needed to turn them around. That didn't happen though.


The planes landed in and the country's president locked the men up. Boberg in his ruling yesterday said the government could have returned the planes because they took off during his hearing. And he wrote that quote, the Constitution does not tolerate willful disobedience of judicial orders. Okay, so then what does the ruling mean now for the Trump administration? Well, Boberg gave the government till next week to do one of two things. He said it could, in his words, reassert custody of the men it deported so they can challenge their deportations in federal courts. They are still in that Salvador in prison and many of their families have denied that they are gang members. If the government chooses not to do that, though Boberg said then he wants the names of the specific government officials who ignored his order.


He said he will force them to testify and if necessary he will appoint a lawyer to criminally prosecute them for contempt and they could face fines or prison. Okay, well so how is the White House responding? Well, the Justice Department called the ruling a judicial power grab and has appealed a White House spokesman said the president is committed to ensuring that quote, criminal illegal migrants are no longer a threat to Americans on the other side of this case, the A CLU and Democracy forward. The two groups who brought it are celebrating the ruling. This is Skye Perryman of Democracy Forward This ruling, it's clear that we've seen the government has acted in blatant disregard for the judiciary treating court orders as if they are optional.


And that's not how our systems of checks and balances works. Checks balance. She said her team will continue moving the case forward in courts to ensure that everyone in the US including immigrants gets due process. Yeah, and this is not the only case where judges are, are trying to force the Trump administration to obey court orders. Judge in Maryland also demanded an explanation for why it's ignoring her order to help bring back a man mistakenly sent to El Salvador despite having legal status. So what's the big picture here, Adrian? Well, members of the Trump administration a have said that they're not going to let courts get in their way of carrying out the President's priorities. Yesterday's ruling by Judge Bbr though is the first time the judge has clearly said that government officials will be punished for not obeying the courts if they still refuse.


That is where legal experts say that we will have a full-blown constitutional crisis. That's NPRs Adrian Florido. Thanks a lot. Thank you. A President Trump says his administration is exploring how to use prisons in El Salvador to detain US citizens who commit crimes. Some legal experts told NPR they fear the White House is preparing to move ahead with that plan, even though they say jailing Americans overseas is unconstitutional. NPR r's Brian Mann is following this. Brian, I've seen the video and you're about to play it. I mean it sounds like the president is serious about locking up American citizens abroad. Yeah, the White House says this is something President Trump keeps bringing up in public and in private meetings as far back as February.


Trump said he would do it in a heartbeat. That's a quote if a legal way can be found. And then appearing on Monday, a with El Salvador's leader, the president could be heard on tape predicting this will happen. I Said, Homegrowns Are Next. The Homegrowns built. You gotta build about five more places. Yeah, that's better. Alright, Homegrowns Are Next. Trump says they're referring to US citizens. He then suggests El Salvador needs to build more prisons to house Americans. Later in that press conference, the President said he had ordered Attorney General Pam Bond to search for legal pathway to deport Americans in this fashion. And also he suggested he's negotiating with other countries which he didn't name that might also be willing to imprison Americans overseas.


And you've been speaking with legal and constitutional experts. I mean, do they think this is something the US government can actually do? You know, the Trump administration keeps pushing boundaries. El Salvador's already holding hundreds of people in a maximum security prison. As we've been hearing, they were detained in the US for allegedly lacking legal status or having gang affiliations. But there are big legal questions about that, including yesterday's contempt finding all the experts I spoke to say, taking this next step, deporting American citizens would cross another line. Lauren Brook Eisen is with the Brennan Center's Justice Program. That's a progressive think tank at New York University. She said this policy would be illegal and morally wrong. There Are profound ethical questions that this would signal about how we treat human beings who are US citizens.


Now, a NPR reached out to three prominent conservative legal scholars and also contacted three leading conservative legal think tanks all declined to comment on this policy idea or they didn't respond. And we could also find no instances of GOP leaders in the House or Senate commenting publicly on this proposal to deport Americans. We reached out to them for comment and got no response. Okay. So Brian, if the Trump administration moves forward with this idea, I mean, do we know what the deportation of American citizens would look like? We don't. President Trump and Attorney General Bondy have said this would only include violent criminals, but we don't have details. One concern raised by David Beer, he's at the Libertarian Cato Institute, is that Trump could move forward with this without offering a lot of clarity even if courts and judges object.


That's the real fear that we have now, is that he is going to try to evade judicial review of deportations of US citizens. One more thing. A Supreme Court justice. Sonya Sotomayor published an opinion last week saying recent legal arguments made by the Trump administration suggest the federal government already believes it can. And I'm quoting the justice here, deport and incarcerate any person, including US citizens. So we'll be watching this to see where it goes. All right. That's NPRs Brian Mann. Brian, thanks. Thank you. A And that's Upfirst for Thursday, April 17th. I mean Martinez.


And I'm Michelle Martin. The NPR app lets you keep public radio in your pocket. You'll find a mix of local, national, and international news, plus the best podcast from the NPR network. Download the NPR app in your app store. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Jerry Holmes, Eric Westervelt, Rafael Nam Mohamad, Elbar DC and Janea Williams. It was produced by Zi bch, Nia Demas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Nisha Highness And our technical director is David Greenburg. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus@plusdonpr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


There was Barb Heimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four Superman for a guide to the movies and TV we are most excited about this summer. Listen to the Pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.


Do you think you have a DHD? You're not alone. After the pandemic hit, there was a huge jump in A DHD diagnoses among adults. And at the same time, the internet is more and more obsessed with saying everything is a sign of it. You might have ADHD To identify the red flags when a diagnosis goes viral. Listen to the, it's been a minute podcast today.