
The US presidential campaign is going full force Vice President Harris's touring swing states and former President Trump spoke for the first time since Minnesota Governor Tim Walls joined the Democratic ticket With Less than 90 days until the election. How's the race shaping up? I'm Michelle Martin. That's Layla Fll. And this is Up First from NPR News. Today marks 10 years since the death of Michael Brown Jr. The 18-year-old was killed in Ferguson, Missouri in a confrontation with a police officer. His death set off protest against police violence across the country. I No shoot her. No shoot. 10 Years Later. What's changed in Ferguson? And it was another big track and field night at the Paris Olympics with three gold medals for the us.


I just always wanna continue to try to improve and figure out ways to just continue getting better. Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day.


Support for NPR and the following message come from SimpliSafe home security. Picture this, A stranger with a crowbar prize. Open a window. A fire breaks out in the kitchen in moments like these every second counts. That's why you need SimpliSafe Home Security. With SimpliSafe 24 7 Monitoring Agents Act within five seconds of receiving your alarm. Visit simplisafe.com/ upfirst to save 20% on a new system today. That's simplisafe.com/ upfirst. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This message comes from NPR sponsor homes.com. You don't just live in your home, you live in your neighborhood as well. So when you're shopping for a home, you wanna know as much about the area around it as possible. Luckily, homes.com has got you covered. Each listing features a comprehensive neighborhood guide from local experts, everything you'd ever wanna know about a neighborhood, including the number of homes for sale, local amenities, and even things like median lot size and a noise score homes.com. We've done your homework


support for NPR and the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus, tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


There are Less than 90 days until the November election, and it feels like the campaign is in full force. For the first time since Vice President Harris announced her running mate, Minnesota Governor Tim Walls, her opponent, former president Donald Trump spoke at a news conference. It was rambling and chaotic. Meanwhile Harrison Waltz continued their debut tour with a stop in the battleground state of Michigan. For more on Trump and Harris's latest appearances, NPR political correspondent Danielle Kurtz Labban is with us. Hi, Danielle. Hey, good Morning. Good morning. So let's start with Trump's press conference yesterday. What did we learn from it? Well, the main news we learned from it is that Trump is now open to doing three debates with Kamala Harris. Now that comes after weeks of waffling about whether he would debate her at all.


Now, he named three dates in September on which he would debate, and three networks, A, B, C, news, NBC News and Fox News. Shortly after he said this, Harris said she would do the September 10th debate on A, B, C. Now, Trump had backed out of that previously, and she also told reporters she's open to other debates, but she didn't commit to anything And Trump took questions for nearly an hour. What kind of things did reporters ask him? Well, this was rambling and chaotic. Yes. So I can't really get to everything here, but I'm gonna hit on a few things. He got to a lot of topics that we had all in the Press Corps been wondering about for the last few weeks. Now, one, it's his comments that Harris only recently started saying she was black.


Now, a reporter asked, how is that true? She went to a historically black university, right? He didn't seem to want to answer, he said repeatedly. You'll have to ask her. Now, another reporter asked how he feels about Harris's recent large crowds. Did that really seem to get under his skin? Oh, give me a break. Listen, I had 107,000 people in New Jersey. You didn't report it. I'm so glad you asked. What did she have yesterday? 2000 people. If I ever had 2000 people, you'd say my campaign is finished. Now a quick fact check that New Jersey rally real, it really was big, but the idea that it was a hundred thousand has been fact checked. It does seem to be too high. Yeah, but again, you can hear there he, he seemed quite angry.


Mm. One other thing is he was asked about abortion. If his FDA would revoke access to miry stone, one of the drugs used in medication abortions, he indicated he was open to it. Now even by Trump's standards. Really what I'm saying is he was evasive and unclear and pretty combative. So that's what the press wanted to know. What did Trump seem to want to get out of this press conference? Well, a few things. First of all, to say that he would do the debates now, second to Slam Harris and Tim Walls to say that they're too liberal. He said a couple of times he doesn't think it's fair to run against her since Biden was the one running in the primary. And he also slammed her for not doing enough press interviews, which has become a widespread criticism among Republicans of Harris.


Now he took that a bit further. He had some pretty ugly criticisms multiple times, saying she isn't intelligent. At one point he said she's not smart enough to do a news conference. So the bottom line seems to be that Harris and Walls have gotten so much attention, he just wanted some for himself. So Harris Meanwhile, along with Walls, made an appearance in Detroit with the UAW Labor Union. What did she say? Well, she thanked them for their endorsement. She talked a lot about how unions are great, they create fairness. Now, what's striking is just that she and walls just seem to be putting out this positive message, which really seems to be what they're leaning into since she is the new candidate at a time when many American voters were just exhausted by Biden and Trump.


That's NPRs Danielle, Kurt Levan. Thanks Danielle. Thank You. Today marks 10 years since the death of Michael Brown Jr. The 18-year-old black man was shot dead in Ferguson, Missouri. In a confrontation with a white police officer, Darren Wilson, his name became a rallying cry for a protest movement in the St. Louis area that lasted for more than a year. What's His name? Mike Brown. What's his? My grandparents. Those protesters demanded a change in how police treat people, especially black people. And of course, Michelle has been in St.


Louis all week asking people a really key question. Has there been change? So Michelle has there. Yeah, Layla. And while I was here, I moderated a panel discussion hosted by St. Louis Public Radio. It included government leaders like the Ferguson police chief and the city's mayor, and also veterans of the protest movement. But most important, Layla, there were people from the community and from what they told us, many people felt that there had been improvement. For example, elder Annette Jenkins said at the event that she's a 30 year resident of Ferguson, and she praised Ella Jones, who's the city's first black mayor, and also the first woman mayor, and the Ferguson police chief Troy Doyle, whom Ella Jones helped recruit. You just cannot blame the police that's here Now.


This stuff started back way when he's doing an amazing thing, and I'm gonna speak my mind. So Chief Mayor, keep on doing what you're doing. And Chief Doa talked about hiring more black officers and more women officers. He said most of the forces knew, and he also said he's working on a culture change. He's even changed the look of the uniforms and the police cars since he told us that the site of the old ones was so triggering to people. Okay? So that's what's changed. The Department of Justice found systemic problems though, that the Ferguson Police Department had a pattern of discriminating against black people. Did those findings have an impact on the way police treat the residents they're tasked with protecting? Yeah.


So what you're talking about here, Layla, is that the Ferguson Police Department entered into a consent decree with the DOJ right to change their training and practices. Chief Doyle says they're slowly coming into compliance. He said when he took over the department a year ago, officers saw the consent decree as punishment, but he's trying to make the case that what it's really doing is bringing in best practices. Now, another issue, the DOJ report really brought to national attention was something that local advocates had been fighting for years, which was the city's reliance on the police to generate revenue from fines and fees. I talked to Blake Strode about this. He's the executive director of Arch City Defenders. The easiest way to describe it is like a nonprofit law firm. He says that that practice of ticketing people for every little thing and then escalating the fines if they couldn't pay even refusing payment plans to allow people to pay over time.


He says it's been a problem all over the St. Louis region. But he says it is getting better. Municipal court revenues in 2013, just in the St. Louis region, were over $60 million in 2023. That figure is $17.8 million. So that's a huge decrease over a decade. You're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars not being extracted disproportionately out of poor black communities. I wanna say something that's a pain point here. The DOJ report, which was produced after extensive investigation under the Obama Justice Department, contradicts some of what people first believe. And a lot of people here still seem to believe about exactly what happened the night Michael Brown died. The DOJ report says that the evidence supports that Brown did reach for Officer Darren Wilson's gun, that there was a scuffle for it and he did not have his hands up when he was shot.


As I said, a lot of people don't accept the findings of the DOJ report, but even people who do acknowledge that this underlying culture of heavy handed policing, which was more about money than safety, had to be exposed. So 10 years, some of the underlying issues that led to the protests are being worked on. What's next for Ferguson? Well, there's a big focus on job development, especially for young people. Here's how Henry Jones, Ollie Brown and Willie Powell put it. We met them at a park in Ferguson. Some Young guys in these young kids be right here where we are, but majority of the time we watch 'em and we watching them like a train out out of control, just, They just got in their head. They wanna be a gangster.


You know, can't change, can't change it. It gotta start from home first. Gotta start from Home. So unfinished business more to do and a sense of empowerment that some things can get done. All right, thanks for bringing this to us, Michelle. Thank you To Paris. Next where the Olympics are. In the final days Last night there was triumph for the US in track and field, including three gold medals and a stunning new world record. But it was also a night when Covid reared its ugly head at the summer games and the US basketball team. Packed with all those NBA stars flirted with disaster against Serbia N p's.


Brian Mann is at the games in Paris. Hi Brian. Hi Layla. Okay, so let's start with American Sprinter. Noah Lyles. He was hoping for a historic finish in the 200 meter final. What happened? Yeah, this did not go as Noah Lyles plan. He calls himself the fastest man on earth and triumph Sunday in the a hundred meter sprint. So last night, he was hoping to win what's known as the Olympic sprint double taking gold in the hundred and the 200 Lela. Only nine men have ever done this before. But right from the start, it was clear something was wrong. Lyles never hit his stride. We saw none of that power and speed he's famous for. And then he collapsed at the end of the run. He had to be helped off the field and U us track and field later confirmed that Lyles tested positive for Covid ahead of the race.


The man who took gold that Bojo, Botswana said after the race that it was clear something was off. With Lyles. I didn't want to make assumptions of what he could be going through, but I thought maybe just one of those days when he's not having a, a great day. So I didn't think of Covid. US track and Field says it was Lyle's choice to run. He ended up with bronze and American Kenny Bednar took silver. So when I covered the Olympics in Tokyo three years ago, it felt like everyone was getting taken down by Covid isolated. Not to mention the rules, the constant testing. Is this the first time Covid has impacted these Olympics? You know, we have seen Covid pop up here and there. A top British swimmer, Adam PD got sick.


He also competed, but said it affected his performance. So Covid hasn't reshaped these games the way it did Tokyo and Beijing, but it's definitely here and and it, there just aren't special Covid rules here. These athletes are allowed to decide whether or not to compete. Okay. The US still had a big night on the track, a bunch of gold medals. Tell us about the world's records set last night. Yeah, this was big. I was in Eugene, Oregon a couple months ago when Sidney McLaughlin Veroni set a world record in the Women's 400 meter hurdles. And then last night on the biggest possible stage, she did it again, gliding over the hurdles. She broke away from the other runners and again, shattered her own world record. I just always wanna continue to try to improve and figure out ways to just continue getting better.


McLaughlin LE won by a second and a half. That's just bonkers. She's already single handedly redefined this race, pushing the speed faster and faster. And Lela the US now has more than a hundred medals in these Olympic games with three days of competition to go. Okay, we have to talk about that big scare on the basketball court last night, the latest version of the American Dream team nearly lost to Serbia. What happened? Yeah, the US team is stacked with NBA talent, but they've been erratic in pre-Olympic warmup games. And throughout this tournament in Paris last night, they showed all those weaknesses. Their shooting was off, they had shaky defense and a lot of turnovers. The final quarter opened with the US down 17 points and and remember the Serbian team also has NBA players.


So a comeback was not a sure thing, but Steph Curry wound up with a huge night. He really carried them 36 points. The US eed out this narrow four point win. They'll now move on to play Host Country France. That's tomorrow night for the Gold medal. NPR r's. Brian Mann in Paris. Thank you Brian. Thank you. And that's Up First for Friday, August 9th. I'm Layla Faulted. And I'm Michelle Martin. And don't forget Up First airs on the weekend too. Aisha Roscoe and Scott Simon have the news. It'll be here in this feed or wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of Up First was edited by Megan Pratts, Erica Aguiar, Russell Lewis, Jena Williams, and Ali Schweitzer.


It was produced by Zid bch, Nia dss, Ben Abrams, and Julie. We get engineering support from Robert Rodriguez And. our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us again on Monday.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Up First sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Up First plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


This message comes from npr r sponsor homes.com. You don't just live in your home, you live in your neighborhood as well. So when you're shopping for a home, you wanna know as much about the area around it is possible. Luckily, homes.com has got you covered. Each listing features a comprehensive neighborhood guide from local experts, everything you'd ever wanna know about a neighborhood, including the number of homes for sale, local amenities, and even things like median lot size and a noise score homes.com. We've done your homework.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there. But the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do? Investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor member SIPC.