
Ukraine wants to be able to use long range missiles inside Russia. And some US allies agree, But the Biden administration hasn't given the green light for that. At least not yet. I'm Scott Simon. I'm Aisha Roscoe. And this is upfirst from NPR News. So what is the US' policy on Ukraine's use of long range missiles inside Russia? We'll break it down for you. Plus it's been a year since the United Auto Workers strike made waves. We'll tell you how auto workers feel now And a big moment for space tourism. A civilian suited up and went for a heck of a ride. You don't need to be a NASA trained astronaut now, but there is something you will need.


So stay with us. We have the news you need to start your weekend


Support for NPR and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions so you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


This message comes from BetterHelp. It's back to school time. And even if you haven't been to school in a while, you can still learn a thing or two particularly about yourself. Therapy can help you do just that by helping you discover your strengths, set boundaries, and adopt new coping skills. And BetterHelp Online therapy is convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash NPR to save 10% on your first month. That's better, HE p.com/npr.


This message comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank for details. Capital One na member FDIC.


This message comes From NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash npr.


Celebrate the women who shaped music history with NPRs new book, how Women Made Music from Beyonce to ota, Joan Jett to Dolly Parton. This beautiful book is filled with interviews, original writing, illustrations, photos, and more. Also available as an audio book featuring interview excerpts with legendary musicians. Visit NPR dot org slash how women made music to Pre-order now. Hey, it's Mike and Ian. We're the hosts of How to Do Everything From the Team at Wait, wait. Don't Tell Me Every Week. we take your questions and find someone much smarter than us to answer them Questions like, how do I safely jump out of a moving vehicle? How do I dangerously jump out of a moving vehicle? We can't help you, but we will find someone who Can listen to the How to Do Everything podcast from NPR The US is considering allowing Ukraine to use Western supplied long range missiles to strike targets deep within Russia.


But there was no announcement of a new policy after President Biden met with British Prime Minister Kiir Starer on Friday to discuss the matter. Still Ukraine's president for Loter Zelensky has been asking for that approval for months as the war rolls on. Henry Harris, Pentagon correspondent Tom Bowman joins us. Tom, good to have you with us. Good To be with you, Scott. What's Been the hesitation And a word escalation concern about Russian escalation? Putin said this week, such an approval of long range missiles inside Russia will show NATO is at war with Russia. Now, there's no question the White House has been worried about escalation from the start of the war two and a half years ago.


And there's always concern that Russia could possibly use nuclear weapons. We've heard that repeatedly. Most analysts say that's really highly unlikely, but Putin has often made threats of escalation after pretty much every weapon system sent to Ukraine by the west, the patriot missiles, F sixteens, tanks and so forth. But critics say the Biden administration has been too slow in providing Ukraine with the necessary tools, too incremental and too concerned about escalation. Now, Scott, what's changed recently is in making approval of long range missiles, more likely is the fact that Iran has just agreed to send hundreds of missiles to Russia.


And also had they have trained Russian military personnel in Iran, British Foreign Secretary David Lamie said that fact has changed the debate. I mean, Britain has its own long range missiles. Couldn't they just let Ukraine use theirs? Well, yeah, it's a good point. They have what's called the storm shadow, which can travel about 155 miles and could be used to hit those targets inside Russia. The Brits have sent a number of them to Ukraine, but that missile has American components, so they need the US to sign off on those missiles to use inside Russia. The same with the French. They have a similar missile. It's called the Scalp.


So it's possible the Biden administration could give a thumbs up for the use of the British and also the French missiles. Now, the American missile, it's called the aum, kind of the military of course loves acronyms that stands for Army Tactical Missile System. The long range version can travel 190 miles, and that's the one the Ukrainians really want. Now, they can use those long range ones in Crimea, of course, since it's not Russian territory and it's been very effective at hitting a number of Russian targets. Now, Ukraine can use some of the American made missiles to fire into Russia right now, short distances, but only for defensive purposes.


Let's say Russia is shooting at Ukrainian troops with artillery or missiles. Tom, what are the implications? What are some possible consequences if these missiles were approved for use by Ukraine? Well, defense analysts in those pushing for the use of these weapons say they could hurt Russia's ability to launch glide bombs from aircraft deep within Russia, and also hit military targets like aircraft missile launch sites, fuel weapons depots, and really deal quite a blow to Russia. The Institute for the Study of War says there were some get this 250 targets inside Russia that these long range missiles could strike. The administration says, well, listen, the Ukrainians used a lot of their long range missiles to hit those Crimean targets.


They really don't have many left. And the US really can't send a lot more the US says without hurting its own military readiness. Which some say is just a weak argument because the US has thousands of these long range missiles and the allies have hundreds. And of course, Russia is hitting Ukraine hard, especially energy infrastructure, as a way to increase pressure on Ukraine as winter approaches. Now, the long range missiles would be a way for the Ukrainians to push back against Russia. Of course, Brad Bowman defense analyst says, striking deep inside Russia could maybe end the invasion or at least push a Russian president Vladimir Putin to the negotiating table.


But would they, would they help Ukraine push back enough to to win? And I pose that question 'cause it came up at the debate on Tuesday between Donald Trump when he was asked during his debate with vice President Kamala Harris if he wanted Ukraine to Win. No, that's right. And the big thing, Scott, is how do you define winning? Remember General David Petraeus famously said during the Iraq War, tell me how this ends. US military officials have said, neither side can win. Russia can't take over all of Ukraine, and Ukraine doesn't have the power even with all this might from the West to push all Russian forces out of its country. So what's the way ahead? No one is really answering that question and neither side at this point.


Ukraine or Russia seems intent on negotiations anytime soon and here at home again. Trump of course has been skeptical of spending more on Ukraine and Kamala Harris has said the US must keep supporting Ukraine. I really think next year, the third anniversary of the war, based on people I've spoken with, there'll be more pressure for some type of negotiation or at least talks regardless of who's in the White House And Paris. Tom Bowman, thanks so much. You're Welcome, Scott. This weekend marks the first anniversary of the United Auto Workers strike, and at the time the wins were celebrated as a triumph.


Whoa. The strike, which was carried out across multiple states and lasted six weeks, was the first time the UAW went on simultaneous strikes against the big three Detroit automakers. But those auto workers are still worried about job security. NPRs Andrea Shoe joins us now to tell us about their concerns. Good morning, Andrea. Hi Aisha. So take us back to that big union win last year. This was talked of as as a turning point for auto workers, right? Yeah, For sure. I mean, you have to remember, since before the great recession, auto workers had been losing ground. Their wages had been slashed.


They lost great benefits like pensions when car makers were in financial straits. But by the time 2023 rolled around, Ford General Motors and Stellantis were making record profits. Their CEOs were earning tens of millions of dollars and the auto workers demanded that they too be rewarded. Now, they didn't get everything they asked for, but the union hailed the new contracts as an unprecedented win, something that all workers could aspire to. So that was last year. How are workers fairing now? Well, I went to Michigan and Ohio last week to talk specifically with workers at Solanis, which Aisha you might know as Chrysler, I know it's been a bad year for the company. Car sales are down and profits are way down, and we know layoffs are coming to a truck plant near Detroit.


But then there was this bad news about Belvedere. The union had gotten stellantis to agree to reopen this plant in Illinois, which had been idled. That was actually a pillar of the new contract. And now the company says the reopening is on hold. So workers are feeling really uncertain about the future. I talked with Jim Cooper, he builds cheap wranglers in Toledo and he said, you know, there's always been talk that if costs get too high, the jobs could be moved to Mexico. But this time he told me This would be the first time that I've ever actually thought that that could be a possibility. And this is coming from someone who never used to worry about job security. So what is the union doing about all of this? Well, they're not happy.


The union has called out Solanis for trying to go back on a promise. And local unions have filed grievances over the Belvedere delay. I spoke with Romaine McKinney. He's an electrician who's president of UAW Local 8 6 9 in Warren, Michigan. I asked him whether this could lead to another strike, and here's what he said. The objective is not to go on strike. The objective is to put hardworking union members in a job that can take care so they can take care of families. The best thing to do is honor the contract and let's get this thing rolling. But it's actually not so straightforward. The contract does have some wiggle room allowing stellantis to go back on investment commitments if market conditions change. And the company says that they have.


So as we mentioned, workers did win big raises after last year's strike. Is that making a difference for people? Well, yeah. They went from making 31 something an hour before the strike to now more than $36 an hour. And there are more raises to come. And some people have actually gotten even bigger pay bumps. Like a worker I met who was a longtime temp, he got rolled over to full-time status and his wage has nearly doubled. But there is a twist here. Last year before the strike, auto workers were getting a ton of overtime. Sometimes they were working even 60 hours a week. and that has evaporated because demand for cars is just not what it was. So Jim Cooper, who the guy we heard from earlier told me he's taking home less now than he was before the strike.


And now a new strike, though, not by auto workers on Friday. Workers at Boeing walked off the job. What's going on there? Yeah, These are 33,000 machinists who built airplanes on the west coast. They wrote it down a contract that would've given them 25% raises over the next four years. They wanted even more. And Aisha liked the auto workers. They're angry. They feel like they've gotten the short end of the stick going back more than a decade. And like all of us, they've been hit with inflation. I'll say these workers do have some leverage. You know, for all of its problems, Boeing is still one of two companies making most of the world's airplanes. Their market share is really big. So this is really shaping up to be a tough fight.


That's npr R'S Labor and Workplace Correspondent Andrea Shu. Andrea, thanks so much. Thanks. Aisha Space Tourism hit a new milestone this week, A private space walk by civilians, A wealthy businessman along with a team. None of them NASA trained astronauts got to go up in a rocket. Spacewalk lasted just a few minutes, but certainly still sounds pretty eventful in p Jeff Brumfield is here to tell us more. Jeff, thanks so much for being with us. It's nice to be with you, Scott. Was this a walk and not a repair mission?


That's right. This was the first sort of private space walk just for fun. It was by a billionaire entrepreneur named Jared Isaac man. And he went up aboard a rocket from Elon Musk's company, SpaceX. SpaceX also made the space suits, which had a new design that had never flown in space before. And Isaac man was testing 'em out. I guess it wasn't totally for fun. Basically the way it worked was they hooked these suits up to the white sort of umbilical cords. They connected them to the spacecraft life support systems. They pumped all the air out of the capsule and opened the hatch. And he was greeted by this fantastic view of Australia and New Zealand.


He spent about 10 minutes outside and then came back in. And then he was followed by SpaceX engineer Sarah Gillis, who did basically the same thing. The long tube, the umbilical hooked up into the spacesuit. Sounds like a lot of what they used to do in the 1960s. Yeah, that's exactly right. You know, SpaceX tried to play up that this was a new system and it had some fancy stuff in there. There was a heads up display on the helmet and stuff. But the truth is, this is very much the way the Gemini space walks went. That's because it's very hard to build space suits with self-contained life support systems. I think SpaceX saw this as the first step they wanna go on to build suits that can someday be used by astronauts going to Mars.


And I think they had to walk before they could run. If you'll pardon the spacewalking pun there, What's the significance of civilians too? Well, up until now, this has been only done by professional astronauts and they don't do spacewalks for fun. They do them very much for work and out of necessity. For example, to maintain the International Space Station, Isaac man had gone up in a space capsule once before, but he's not NASA trained. And actually none of his crew were trained by NASA either. There were two SpaceX engineers and a former Air Force pilot who works for Isaac men in the private sector, but they hadn't even been to space. And so this is significant because spacewalking is challenging, it's dangerous, and it wasn't entirely obvious that a, a private crew could do it, and now they've shown they can and get this amazing view.


How much did that view cost? A lot. A lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot. We don't know exactly how much, 'cause Isaac man won't say how much he's paid and neither will SpaceX. But I mean, space tourism is super expensive. So for example, a company called Axiom will fly you to the International Space Station for 10 days at a cost of around $60 million. There are some cheaper options. You know, if you're on a space tourism shoestring, you can fly to the edge of space, get a good view, a minute or two of weightlessness, and that'll run you anywhere from a little over half a million to a little over a million dollars. So even the cheap options cost more than most people's houses.


So why all this talk that space tourism is coming into its own? Well, I mean, there are more ways to do space tourism than ever before. And Isaac man shows there's more stuff you can do in space than ever before. But you know, I think it really is an open question whether it can be profitable. Most of these companies are privately held, but one called Virgin Galactic is public, and last year it lost half a billion with a B dollars. Now part of that is the ticket price and the fact that going to space is obviously expensive. But another issue is that most people are only gonna do this once as opposed to planes for example, which we take all the time. So I think there has been a lot of talk about space tourism. I think this is a big step for space tourism.


In the meantime, people like Isaac Mann are having a good time. Well, thanks and it's good to talk to you Jeff Brumfield. Thanks so much. Thanks Scott. And that's upfirst for Saturday, September 14th. I'm Aisha Roscoe. And I'm Scott Simon Michael Radcliffe and Gabe O'Connor produced today's podcast. Andrew Craig directed Our editors. Were Dee Parvez, Melissa Gray, ed McNulty, Giselle Grayson, and Andrew Sussman. Anna GL is our technical director with engineering support from Nisha Highness, Arthur Lauren and Ted MEbA. Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. Sarah Oliver is our executive producer.


And Jim Kane is our Deputy managing editor. So That's what he does tomorrow on the podcast. We've all heard eating less beef is better for climate, but it seems some of us may need to cut back more than others because men tend to eat more beef than women. So researchers are looking for ways to convince men to cut back on their burgers and steaks. Okay, Mr. Simon, put down the hamburger Please. Please put it down. Alright. But you know, we always have all the latest on the biggest stories of the day for you, for all the news, plus movies, music, even some cosmic wonder.


Mm. Go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station so you can tune into weekend edition every Saturday and Sunday morning. We're here. Yes, please listen.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus npr.org.


This message comes From. NPR R sponsor. ODU is expensive, disconnected software causing a lot of chaos at your company. Then it's time to find peace with odu. Ooo is simple, affordable, all in one management software for every business. Sign up today@odo.com.


Support for NPR and the following message come from IXL Learning. I XL Learning uses advanced algorithms to give the right help to each kid, no matter the age or personality. Get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when you sign up today@ixl.com slash NPR.