
Okay, so Layla? Yeah. Do you like this podcast At first? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. I love this podcast. So, what I just did was survey. Well, the only other person in the studio with me at this time, right? I'm not biased At all. Not at all. Not at all. But you listening may have your own opinion and we'd like to hear from you. There's an audience survey, which is your chance to tell us what you like and what you don't. This information will help make the podcast better. All you have to do is head to npr.org/ upfirst survey. It sounds so harsh slash, but say what you want@npr.org slash upfirst survey.


After you listen, president Biden makes one of his final moves allowing Ukraine to fire American made missiles farther into Russia. In The past, the US hesitated to provoke Russia. What made the president decide that it's time to let the missiles fly? I'm Steve Inskeep with Layla Faddle, and this is upfirst from NPR News. The president is promoting his climate agenda at a Summit. Predicting the US will keep embracing clean energy. Nobody, Nobody can reverse it. Nobody. How? World leaders preparing for a president with a different point of view. And how does a new administration plan to attack drug gangs in Mexico?


President Trump is committed to calling them terrorist organization and use them full might of the United States Special Operations to take 'em out. Will that really affect Fentanyl use in the United States? stay with us. We'll give you the news you need to start your day.


This message comes from made in cookware. Did you know that many popular dishes in Tom Colicchio's craft restaurant are made in, made in cookware, made in supply chefs with high-end cookware? Because Maiden makes exactly what demanding chefs look for when you level up your cooking. Remember what great dishes on menus worldwide have in common? They're maiden. Maiden. Save up to 30% from now until December 8th. Visit maiden cookware.com. That's M-A-D-E-I-N cookware.com.


This message comes from our sponsor. Granger This is the story of the one. as a maintenance engineer, he hears things differently to the untrained ear. Everything on his shop floor might sound fine, but he can hear gears grinding or a belt slipping. so he steps in to fix the problem at hand before it gets out of hand. And, he knows Grainger s got the right product he needs to get the job done, which is music to his ears. Call click Granger dot com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


This message comes from HubSpot. Growing a business means a lot of audience attracting lead scoring and long days. But with HubSpot, it's easier than ever for marketers to remix content, boost leads and score customers fast. Learn more at hubspot.com/marketers.


President Biden will now let Ukraine fire long range US missiles into Russia. Biden is clearing Ukraine for actions its leaders have wanted. For some time, the US has avoided too much provocation of the world's other leading nuclear weapons state. But now Biden acts shortly before the coming of a new administration whose approach to Ukraine is uncertain. For More on how this fits into Ukraine's larger military effort, we're joined by NPR national Security correspondent Greg. My Hi Greg. Hi, Layla. So What's changed? Why is President Biden deciding to do this with two months left in his presidency? Well, he seems to be acting now because Russia is using some 10,000 North Korean troops in a bid to push Ukrainian forces out of Russian territory.


This is according to a US official who spoke to our NPR colleague Tom Bowman. Now, Ukraine captured a chunk of the KIS region in Western Russia, about 500 square miles back in August. These Russian and North Korean forces are clawing back some of that territory and heavy fighting. The Ukrainians will now be able to use these US missiles known as attack S to try to hold this territory. But is President Biden no longer worried about provoking Russia here? Well, no. I mean all along his concern has been a possible Russian escalation, but now he seems the priority is signaling that his administration wants to do what it can before leaving office In January, secretary of State, Anthony Blinken said last week, quote, every dollar we have at our disposal will be pushed out the door.


And how much will the long range missiles help Ukraine being able to use that? Well, yeah. Yeah. Lela, they should certainly help. Ukraine's argument throughout the war is that Russia can move around troops and weapons with a large degree of freedom behind the front lines on the Russian side of the border because Ukraine was unlikely to attack them from long distance. So the attack S will make it riskier for the Russians to operate in these areas. However, there are real limits to this new policy. The US said the Russians have already pulled back things like war planes to take them out of missile range, and the US is just providing a limited number of attack. S because their own stockpile is limited and they need to keep some in the US arsenal.


The attack S can travel about 200 miles. They're quite powerful. Yet, while Ukraine has been waiting for this permission from the us, it's been building its own attack. Drones, which can travel even longer distances, though they don't pack quite the same punch. Now, we talked about how this is really just two months left in the Biden administration. Could the incoming Trump administration just change the missile policy and others related to Ukraine? Oh yes, absolutely. And and Trump has been saying he wants negotiations to end the war. The Ukrainians are concerned they'll face pressure to make concessions to Russia, including territorial concessions, which they've adamantly opposed. And Trump has also expressed opposition to more US military assistance.


The US had this $61 billion package for Ukraine back in April, and it's working its way through this. US officials say that aid already approved is likely to go ahead, but additional money is now an open question. And meanwhile, winter's approaching changes the way this fight happens. What are you watching for? Yeah, Leila. Just yesterday, Russia carried out a heavy strike, 200 missiles and drones, one of the heaviest in months. And every winter, Russia is expected as it has in the past to wage sustained attacks on Ukraine's power grid. And this has done a lot of cumulative damage and it will remain a big vulnerability.


That's NPRs Greg Myy. Thank you Greg. Sure thing. Leaders of the world's largest economies are gathering in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil today and tomorrow It President Biden's last group of 20 Summit and a tricky one. Some of the measures he's expected to sign onto are not supported by the incoming administration. We go to NPRs South America correspondent to hear more. Hi, Carrie Khan. Hi, good morning. So what's the mood like in Rio right now as these world leaders gather there at the beach? The sun's out. It's a picture postcard day here, so that should help with the mood President elect Trump's return though, and global conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine are all hanging over the Summit.


President Biden arrived here late last night. He made a stop first in the Amazon and pledged new US funds for rainforest protection. He didn't mention Trump there who dismisses global warming, but Biden did take some jabs at those who he says would deny or delay America's clean energy revolution. Nobody, nobody can reverse it. Nobody now when so many people, regardless of party or politics are enjoying its benefits. Also, yesterday at the G 20 venue, UN Secretary General Antonio Gutierrez was asked how world leader should prepare for another Trump administration, urged them to race much faster to tackle common challenges like climate change and inequality.


But also he said, strengthen global governance and institutions now. And if you are able in all these areas to make a strong bet on multilateralism, that is the best possible response. Okay, so Trump's not there and not president yet, but he is looming large already during the Summit. What are the G 20 leaders going to address? This week, The host Brazil's president, Luis Nascio, Lula de Silva leftist remains unfazed and is pushing ahead with his progressive proposals that they include a attacks on the world's wealthiest and plans to alleviate poverty and hunger. Over the weekend, he blasted neoliberalism for aggravating economic and political inequality.


He says, to reach the hearts of citizens, governments to close that gap between the voice of the markets and the voice of the streets. Lulu's been trying to position himself as a world leader, especially on issues of climate change. But here at home, his leftist party took a beating in last month's nationwide elections. He's also dealing with far right leaders in South America, like former President Jair Bolsonaro and Argentina's Ultra libertarian, Javier Millet who are both feeling quite embolden with Trump coming back to power. Now, these summits are also a lot of posturing, photo ops, but are you expecting any surprises? I think the wild card here will be Malay, the Argentina's president. He's just back from Florida where he personally congratulated Trump.


He's known for his brass showmanship abroad. He just pulled out of the Cop 29 climate talks, and he also had Argentina cast the lone vote against a un resolution condemning gender-based violence. His negotiators here signed on to the G 20 draft joint declaration, but there's talk that they, they won't now, especially with that global tax on the super rich in it. So we'll be watching him NPRs Carrie Khan. Thank you, Kerry. You're welcome. Fentanyl and other street drugs are still killing nearly a hundred thousand people in the US every year. That number has been dropping, but is still very high So.


what does a new administration plan to do about it? President elect Trump made several big promises while campaigning and people who work on the issue now assess how they would turn out NPR addiction correspondent Brian Mann is here to talk us through some of Trump's ideas. Good morning, Brian. Good morning. So how does Donald Trump say he'll end Fentanyl overdoses? Well, it's interesting. Over the last four years, we saw the Biden administration really shift the Fentanyl street drug response to a public health model. That means a lot more treatment and better medications. Donald Trump's focus during the campaign was very different, a big pivot. He talked almost exclusively about cracking down on fentanyl traffickers and dealers securing the border hears Trump talking during one of his rallies.


Sir, I heard you want the death penalty for drug dealers. Why? Well, you know, I'd like to end the drug epidemic if that's okay. And then after the election, Layla, the man Trump named to serve as borders are Tom Holman raised the stakes promising US military action against Mexican drug cartels. During an appearance on Fox News, President Trump is committed to calling them terrorist organization and using full might of the United States Special Operations to take 'em out. Okay. So that's a pretty drastic change, a big pivot from the public health approach. Do experts think this will work? Well, the short answer is no. Even a lot of drug policy and addiction experts who do want a tougher response to fentanyl, tell me they're worried.


Trump's team will go too far. Jonathan Calkins is a drug policy analyst at Carnegie Mellon University. Even invoking the idea of military action in Mexico against drafters, the worst idea anybody has ever, ever had, huh? Calkins and other experts believe Layla, that US military strikes would do little to slow fentanyl smuggling or save American lives, but it could shatter diplomatic relations and destabilize Mexico. I also spoke about Trump's policy ideas with Brandon Del Pozo, a former police chief who studies drug policy at Brown University. He blasted Trump's idea of giving drug dealers the death penalty. He called it ineffective and unethical. There are thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of Americans who are, are neighbors who are doing something that's illegal.


Right? They're definitely dealing drugs, but they might be doing it because they're addicted to drugs. The idea that we would execute them, that shocks the conscience. Okay. so he calls it ineffective and unethical, but I imagine there are people who like and support this Trump getting tough approach. Yeah, absolutely. There is a view among some drug policy thinkers that the response to fentanyl got too liberal, sort of too soft and tolerant. Tom Wolfe is an activist in California himself in recovery from opioid addiction. People Are tired of the theft, they're tired of the open drug use and they want some accountability to be injected back into the process. Well thinks Trump's get tough message worked because people are tired of this crisis.


They want people using fentanyl off their streets, out of their parks and neighborhoods. Now, we talked about the Biden Administration's focus on public health as they hand over the reins. Is there any sign that was working? Well, you know, drug deaths actually dropped sharply over the last year. A trend that saved about 16,000 lives according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. A lot of people I talk to say they're worried Trump will cut or defund programs like the Affordable Care Act that appear to be helping. One more thing I'm hearing is that no one believes this crisis can be solved. Fast progress is being made, but the fix for fentanyl is expected to take years, maybe decades. That's Brian Mann NPR R'S Addiction Correspondent. Looking ahead of the Trump team's plan to tackle the Fentanyl crisis.


Thank you, Brian. Thank you. And that's a first for Monday, November 18th. I'm Layla Fadden. And I'm Steve Inskeep. Don't forget, you can take our audience survey, which helps to make this podcast better and gives you a chance to say what you think. Go to npr.org/ upfirst survey. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Andrew Sussman, Tara Neill, Andrea DeLeon, Mohammad Dei, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Ziad bch, Nia Dumas and Milton Gada We. get engineering support from Arthur Laurent And. our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the global commerce platform that helps you sell and show up exactly the way you want to customize your online store to your style. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor one password. Creating a password that's too strong to guess it and impossible to forget can sound impossible unless you have one password. Don't let security slow your business down for a free two week trial. Go to one password.com/npr.