
Ukrainian President Olo Demir Zelensky says he has a plan to defeat Russia. He's in Washington DC today to discuss this plan with President Biden. So what's in it? EY Martinez with Michelle Martin, and this is upfirst from NPR News. The sitting mayor of the country's largest city has been indicted. New York Mayor Eric Adams, is facing criminal charges. The indictment remains sealed for now, but investigations into his administration have led to a wave of departure. So how is the mayor responding? And Florida is bracing for the impact of Hurricane Helene. The powerful storm could lead to life-threatening storm surges. If You think you're gonna have to evacuate, get out Now. NPRs Frank Morris with the latest, stay with us.


We'll give you the news. You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. The Capital One Venture Card earn unlimited two x miles on every purchase. Plus earn unlimited five x miles on hotels and rental cars booked through Capital One Travel. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com for details.


This message comes from NPR sponsor NetSuite. The less your business spends, the more margin you keep. But today, everything costs more smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle, the number one cloud financial system, bringing accounting, financial management inventory, HR into one proven platform, helping you reduce it costs, maintenance costs, and manual errors. Over 37,000 companies have already made the move to NetSuite backed by popular demand. NetSuite has extended. Its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few more weeks. Head to netsuite.com/story.


I'm Danielle Kurtz Labban. I cover the presidential campaign for NPR. So I go to rallies, a lot of them. I want to hear what the candidates say, talk to voters and find out what ideas are resonating. And I put it all in my reporting to help you make sense of this election. It's why being there is important to help support this work. Sign up for NPR r plus go to plus.npr.org. Ukrainian president Vladimir Zelensky is in Washington DC today seeking President Biden's support for strategy to end the war on Ukraine's terms, Zelensky says, protecting Ukraine will also keep Europe and the west safe. He warned the UN General assembly that Russia was preparing to strike Ukraine's nuclear power plants.


Indeed, like that must never come. Former President Trump, however, is accusing zelensky of dragging out the war and vows to cut aid to the country. If he's elected. With me now is NPR Ukraine correspondent Joanna Kisses, whose in Kiev the capital of Ukraine. Joanna, thank you so much for being here. You're welcome. Let's start with this plan, which Zelensky calls his victory plan. Can you tell us about it? Sure. Zelensky Team has kept the plans details under wraps, but broadly, he wants much quicker action by President Biden on issues Zelensky say could strengthen Ukraine and keep Russia from dictating any peace terms. These issues include supporting an invitation for Ukraine to join NATO as soon as possible, and lifting restrictions on the use of us supplied long range missiles like Attack s Ukraine wants to use these missiles to hit military targets like arms depots.


Deep in Russia here in Kyiv, we spoke to a Ukrainian soldier, 23-year-old Yala, your chuck. He believes these strikes will weaken Russia's ability to supply its troops in Ukraine. He's puzzled by this restriction. He's saying, look, they give us these long range weapons but say we can't use them. It's like giving me a machine gun and saying the enemy is a hundred meters away, but don't shoot him. So we hear, you know, here in Washington that the White House has been cautious because it's trying to avoid escalating tensions. So tell us more about how Ukrainians view this, this attitude. Yeah, they're, they're frustrated. We've spoken to Ukrainians who are very grateful to the US for helping their country survive this war, but they say they doubt that the US actually wants Ukraine to win.


Russia continues to bomb Ukrainian cities, you know, killing civilians, destroying power plants, Ukrainians. See, Russia is getting more aggressive like this threat of attacking nuclear power plants. As Zelensky mentioned, are The Ukrainians worried enough to consider a deal, an unpleasant deal, like swapping territory occupied by Russia in exchange for some kind of ceasefire? So yeah, so that's a good question because recent polls are showing an increasing number of Ukrainians willing to consider this, but most are still categorically against it. Let's hear from Tuk. She's a 3-year-old financial consultant. She got very emotional talking to producer Paulina Lit, Viva T's relatives and friends were killed in this war and she does not want them to have died in vain.


We also spoke to, said he Kuan, he's a defense analyst in Kyiv, and he said, look, Russia first invaded Ukraine 10 years ago, and it hasn't stopped attacking us since. He's saying, saying, we'll keep fighting no matter how much of Ukraine is occupied because there is no other way Before we let you go. How are Ukrainians viewing the upcoming US election? So Ukrainians are actually following it very closely, and those we spoke to are worried about Donald Trump winning. They see him as Ill-informed about the geopolitics and the context of this war. They believe he is too enamored of Russian president Vladimir Putin. And it didn't help that Trump also refused to meet Zelensky this week because Ukraine's leadership, it has tried very hard to cultivate both political parties.


And now Zelensky will meet with President Biden and Vice President Harris and Biden at least is expected to announce a surge in security assistance to Ukraine today. That is NPRs Joanna Kases. Joanna, thank you. You're welcome. World leaders are gathered in New York this week to address global issues. Meanwhile, the city's top leader is facing serious legal problems. Mayor Eric Adams has been indicted according to numerous media reports. The news broke last night after months of speculation about whether a series of federal investigations surrounding his administration would tie back to him directly.


Joining me now to tell us what she knows so far as Bridget Bergen, senior politics reporter at Member Station WNYC in New York. Good morning, Bridget. Good morning, Michelle. So what do we know about what the mayor is accused of doing? Well at this point, the indictment is still under seal, so we haven't seen the specific charges yet. But about a year ago, the New York Times reported that the FBI was investigating whether the mayor conspired with the Turkish government to funnel illegal foreign donations to his campaign committee in exchange for favors from his administration. The Turkish government had built a new high-Rise consulate in Manhattan and there were issues with its fire safety inspection. But again, as I said, we don't know the specific details.


We'll know that when the indictment isn't sealed, which could happen as early as later this morning, it does Seem as though things have escalated in recent weeks. So for people who haven't been following it, can you just tell us a bit about what has been happening? Yeah, this really comes after nearly a year of investigations into the mayor's campaign and city government. And this month things really just stepped into a new gear. Federal investigators seized the phones of the city's police commissioner to deputy mayors and the city's schools chancellor. And that was then followed by a wave of departures from the administration, including the police commissioner, the mayor's chief counsel. And just this week the city schools chancellor said he was retiring at the end of this calendar year.


How has the mayor responded to all this? Yeah, so you know, for the, the past year the mayor has insisted he did nothing wrong. And remember this is someone who got his start as a New York City police officer who rose to the rank of captain. So he often invokes his ties to law enforcement. When he says he's always followed the law, he tells the people around him to follow the law. But last night he also issued a video statement. He says the charges will be found entirely false and that they're based on lies. I will fight these injustices with every ounce of my strength and my spirit if I'm charged. I know I'm innocent. So tell us about the reaction from the city. I mean, as we, as you've just told us that this news broke last night, but what have you heard so far?


How are people reacting to this? Lots of people have been calling on him to resign. Even yesterday, before the news of the indictment broke, Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez issued a statement to that effect. And since the news broke, the calls on Adams to step aside are really just growing louder by the moment. The one person who could actually remove Adams from office right now is New York. Governor Kathy Hoel, her spokesman, Avi Small, issued a statement very late last night. He said she's aware of these concerning news reports, is monitoring the situation, but it would be premature to come and further until the matter is confirmed by law enforcement. So the pressure on Adams is growing.


That is WNY C's Senior politics reporter Bridget Bergen. Bridget, thank you so much. Thank you. One of the largest hurricanes on record is Roaring North through the Gulf of Mexico off the west coast of Florida. This morning, Hurricane Helene is forecast to grow to a category four storm when it slams into Florida's big Ben region This Evening, NPR s Frank Morris is in St. Petersburg and he is gonna bring us up today. Good morning, Frank. Hi Michelle. So We've been keeping an eye on this as I, you certainly have. Helene seems to be gaining in power in size. Would you just talk about the scope of what people are facing?


Yeah, The storm is enormous. Only four hurricanes this century have been this big over the Gulf. As big as Helene is expected to grow. Today, forecasters have the entire coast of Florida, the west coast of Florida under a storm surge warning, 61 of the state's, 67 counties are under a state of emergency in Tampa, a little more than halfway up Florida's Gulf Coast. The surge could shove eight feet of moving water through low lying areas and across the bay in St. Petersburg yesterday evening, people like Tracy Rodinsky were just taking it in stride and stocking up on essentials Wine and ice cream. Yeah, luckily I'm pretty high up so we usually don't have any flooding or anything.


So yeah, I'm kind of used to the drill, got the water, got the bathtub full, make sure everything's charged up and download some movies on my phone just in case. The storm surge is expected to be much worse farther north where Helene will make landfall. Their forecasters say the storm surge could be quote, catastrophic and deadly. It could be 20 feet. What meteorologists are calling unsurvivable. So what about people in Florida's big Ben region? What should they be doing? Right. That's where the storm's gonna hit. And the prudent thing to do is leave. In fact, many counties that are under mandatory evacuations, many others are under voluntary evacuations. Of course never hurricane. There are people who ignore those evacuation orders and afterwards a lot of times the city will never do that again.


So we, we caught up with Florida Senator Rick Scott in Appalachia yesterday. He's a former governor with lots of hurricanes under his belt and he says he's warning people to get out Right here in Appalachia. They're thinking about 10 feet of storm surge. That's almost twice my height. And the big band there, they're talking about 18 feet. You don't survive six foot of storm surge. The water's what kills you, you know, mostly it's water now that kills you. And so I hope everybody will take this seriously. Listen to the locals if you think you're gonna have to evacuate, get out now And then there is the wind. The National Hurricane Center says it expects Helene to be a major category four hurricane. When the eye of the storm makes landfall tonight, that actually just sounds really frightening, Frank, Right? Yeah.


When the storm hits, it's gonna be packing sustained winds of 130 miles an hour with higher wind gusts and it could be even stronger. And Helene is fast moving. Hurricane, it's, it's not gonna slack off much as it moves inland in Tallahassee, about 25 miles up the coast could see wind gusts of more than a hundred miles an hour storm, likely to blow down trees and knock out power over a huge area fanning out hundreds of miles inland as it sweeps into Georgia and Carolinas and possibly stalls out over Tennessee and Kentucky. Jamie Rome, the National Hurricane Center, said the scale of the wind damage will be enormous. We don't Normally issue tropical storm warnings this far inland or for this part of the country, blanketing the entire state of Georgia, the entire state of South Carolina in western periphery or the mountains of North Carolina with tropical storm winds.


Rome says about half the hurricane deaths are from inland flooding. That is NPRs Frank Morris in St. Petersburg, Florida. Frank, thank you. Thank you Michelle. In yesterday's podcast, in the introduction to a story about the growing Israel Lebanon conflict, we refer to Tel Aviv as the capital of Israel. This is incorrect. Israel says Jerusalem is its capital. Many governments around the world do not recognize it. Jerusalem is claimed by both Israelis and Palestinians. And that's upfirst for Thursday, September 26th. I'm Michel Martin And A Martinez. How about listening to consider this from NPR?


Republican politicians repeatedly argue immigration hurts the US economy, but residents of Dayton, Ohio have found the opposite. Listen to consider this from NPR. Today's episode of upfirst was edited by Rebecca Rossman, Andrea de Leon, Russell Lewis, HJ Mai and Ally Schweitzer It was produced by Iman Maani, Nia Dumas, Brianna Joseph and Mony Kirana. We get engineering support from Stacey Abbott and our technical director is Zac Coleman. Join us again tomorrow. Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks?


Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or you can also Support NPR R'S vital journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus dot NPR dot


org. This message comes from NPR sponsor Saatva. This year many Americans will make a decision that will affect them for years to come. The decision which mattress to choose. Saatva luxury mattresses are meticulously handcrafted to lull you to sleep and to keep you sleeping soundly. And they cost a fraction of the price of retail. Visit s aa tva.com/npr to save $200 on orders of a thousand dollars or more


Nervous about the new school year. Whether you're a student or a parent life kit gets it, You're so worried about where you fit in, your body is changing. You know it's braces, it's bras, it's all of the above. And I think nobody is comfortable for quite a While. Weather those changes with Life Kit's Guide on transitioning back to school. Listen to the Life Kit podcast from NPR.