
The Trump administration is demanding that Ukraine accept a peace deal favoring the Kremlin. Ukraine says a ceasefire must be in place first. With so little progress on the Ceasefires, there are still a chance for peace. I'm Michelle Martin. That's a Martinez, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. President Trump says it's not possible for all of the people he wants to deport to get a trial. Top officials in his administration have said that due process is only for US citizens. What rights do non-citizens have in this process? And the Civil war in Sudan started in the capital city of cartoon. After two years of brutal fighting. The once vibrant city is in ruins, NPR is one of the few western news outlets to gain access to the city to see the destruction.


We'll have a report from our correspondent. Stay with us. We've got all the news you need to start today. From media to tech, to politics. The world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now at donate dot NPR dot org.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


Imagine If you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people's smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to Nvs. Wait, wait. Don't tell me yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts,


Ukraine is marking a day of mourning. Today, At least 12 people died in Russian drone and missile strikes on the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv. President Trump scolded Russian president Vladimir Putin on social media for the attacks. Trump says he wants peace quickly. He says Ukraine must accept concessions And that Russia is making a pretty big concession by not occupying all of Ukraine. NPRs Ukraine correspondent Joanne Ka kisses joins us now from Kyiv. Joanna, tell us more about this latest Russian attack on the Capitol. Well, A, there is a lot of anger and grief here as to be expected. We spoke with 40-year-old Maria Sattva who scrambled to evacuate her elderly mother before Russian missile destroyed their home.


She said Russian attacks on Ukraine seemed to have escalated after Trump started accommodating Russia in peace talks. And she had this question for President Trump, How do I get my mother a disabled person in a wheelchair down from the second floor to the first floor, to the bomb shelter alone in eight minutes? We also spoke to Alena Koska who ran out of her home in her bathrobe just before the walls caved in. She believes Trump is sacrificing Ukraine for a quick deal. Trump is simply selling Ukraine and giving it away, and Ukraine cannot give up its territories even though these are occupied.


This is our territory. Ukrainians live here Now a most Ukrainians refuse to recognize Ukrainian land occupied by Russia as part of Russia. And Ukrainian president Voler Zelensky has refused to accept demands by the Trump administration to do so. Therefore, this attack Trump blames zelensky for prolonging the war, and he was largely seen as accommodating Russia demands. Has this attack changed that at all? Well, no. I mean, Trump did try Putin on social media for the attack, but he also said that Russia is already making a big concession by not occupying all of Ukraine. And statements like this obviously make Ukrainians very nervous, especially coming from the leader of the US which was once Ukraine's strongest single ally.


Now, Zelensky says his country wants peace. He has agreed to an unconditional 30 day ceasefire brokered by the US last month, something Russia did not agree to. And Zelensky team is finalizing a mineral minerals deal that could make the US a lot of money. So in return, Ukraine wants the US to provide security guarantees. So Russia does not invade their country again. But the Trump administration so far is only offering vague promises. I remember being in Kyiv with you, Joanna, what, three years ago. And, and everyone I spoke to just told me how much they love America. I mean adoration for America. I'm wondering now if Ukrainians still have that optimism about the US coming to their aid at this point. Well, I, I'm still hearing some hope in the northeastern city of Sumi recently I spoke to Commander Ole.


He is with a 225th separate assault brigade. And here's what he had to say. He's saying, I do not believe in friendship between the United States and Russia. It is impossible. He said, such a friendship defies history and the interest of the west. But when I pressed him about the US cutting off military aid Ukraine last month, he admitted that this could happen again. And then he said Ukraine will try to defend itself on its own as long as it can. That's NPR r's Joanna Kakis in Kyiv. Joanna, thanks. You're welcome. President Trump is working hard to implement a campaign promise for mass deportations.


Officials are moving quickly to arrest, detain, and remove people from the country. But critics say such fast action skirts due process that all people in the US should receive. NPR R'S Immigration Policy Reporter, Jimena Busillo joins us now to unpack all of this. So Jimena, has the administration addressed what due process means for their mass deportation goals? Yes. Earlier this week, Trump said that it wasn't possible for all the people he wants to remove to get a trial. And I hope we get cooperation from the courts because you know, we have thousands of people that are ready to go out and you can't have a trial for all of these people. Vice president JD Vance went as far as to call it a quote, fake legal process on social media.


And in another post, deputy chief of staff, Steven Miller has said quote, the judicial process is for Americans, immediate deportation is for illegal aliens. But critics broadly point to the fifth amendment of the US Constitution that states that no person can quote, be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law. The administration seems to be banking on Americans believing that non-citizens don't get the same due process as citizens. That's according to Musar Chisti from the Migration Policy Institute. That may be politically a good slogan. Unfortunately, constitution does not make any distinction between citizens and non-citizens for the application of the protections of due process and judicial review.


The ultimate concern he says, is that If you strip due process for one group, that's a slippery slope for others. Alright, so let's get into that because let's assume that some people are good with the argument that due process rights are not owed to everyone. What's the argument then about why that's not just incorrect? That it is a slippery slope for absolutely everyone. You know, put simply because mistakes are made, it's central to the Constitution that if the government makes any accusation, people accused have a chance to respond. Immigration courts were designed specifically as a neutral space where both the government and immigrants could both make their cases. Not every person gets the same rights, though it's a spectrum of rights.


You know, the law experts tell me, it depends on how long you've been in the country and other factors. I spoke with Ashley Tabaddor, she's a former immigration judge, and she said the government can't just act on the basis of allegations. Government is not immune from making errors and errors that can cost someone's life. So what is at stake is oftentimes a life and death situation. Now, are there any examples of such errors already? You know, the case of Ilmar Abrego Garcia brought the question of due process to the forefront. In 2019, an immigration judge had decided that he could not be deported to El Salvador. But last month officials arrested him within days, and by mistake, he was sent to a prison in El Salvador.


Other lawyers fighting Trump's policies have alleged their clients didn't have deportation orders yet and were due in court and suddenly they ended up in other countries. And lawyers have told me that they've defended US citizens or others with legal status who got arrested or detained when they shouldn't have. But Trump administration is making other changes too. They increase the number of people who can be removed without a court hearing, and they've terminated contracts that provide legal services to over 20,000 minors without legal status. And they fired and accepted resignations from over 100 court staff, including dozens of judges. Critics warn that erodes those due process protections America was founded on.


That's NPR R'S Immigration Policy Reporter, Jimena Busillo. Thanks a Lot. Thank you. Our final story this morning doesn't often make it into the headlines in the us although a lot of people have argued it should. Sudan's Capital city of Kto has been systematically destroyed. The once vibrant city at the junction of the white and blue Nile has been hollowed out. After two years of civil war, The conflict between the Sudanese army and the paramilitary rapid support forces or RSF started in K. Then over a month ago in a major shift, the city was liberated by the Sudanese army. Now, for the first time, the outside world is getting a glimpse of what has been left behind.


NPR is one of the few western news outlets that's made it into K With us now, NPRs Emmanuel Aquin Otu, who has just returned from there and joins us now from the defacto capital of Port Sudan. So tell us, Emmanuel, what you saw as you traveled through Qto. Good morning. It's utterly devastating and surreal. And before Qto became the center of the war, this was a really vibrant, proud, historic city. Over 6 million people, but then two years of war between these two formeries and then occupation by the rapid support forces until just the last month really has left the city emptied, almost eerie sways of it or torched, damaged, destroyed by artillery and gunfire.


And this is from everyday areas to the presidential palace to hospitals, schools, museums, even the airport has been burnt to a crisp before the RSF were forced out of hatoon, they stripped the city almost like a locusts, you know, looting it to a degree that's honestly just really hard to grasp. And that's from the National Museum where they took tens of thousands of ancient artifacts and even down to electric wires ripped from the walls in almost every building that they occupied. And they stripped them for copper. The cities without power, there's a shortage of water, virtually no state services, although they're gradually returning. So If the city is missing power, shortage of water, I mean basic services, I mean, can people return?


Well, there are tractors at the moment, clearing debris, teams of sweepers cleaning the streets and and they're still finding unexploded bombs and human remains. But you're right, it's mostly uninhabitable. There's a trickle of people returning, but mainly to find out or confront what's happened to their property and their belongings. We went to a bakery and spoke to the owner, Yusuf Aldi. He said the RSF looted his homes above the shop and they lived there and for a period they even kept the bakery open and ran it like it was their own business. Emmanuel, also wondering about what you may have witnessed around the humanitarian crisis. I mean, the United Nations says Sudans experiencing the worst famine anywhere in the world in decades.


Yes, it's unprecedented. We visited the Al Bullock Hospital, which is the main and largest pediatric health facility in the Harum State region. The wards were packed with malnourished children. The hospitals expanded again and again through the war, but it's still overwhelmed. I spoke to the lead doctor Ahed Ho At the beginning of January 1st, 2024. We served like 4,000 patients per month. Now it's 30 to 36,000 per month. So the fighting has stopped in Hatoon, but the toll of the war is really just coming to the surface and, And of course the fighting continues. Tell us about where the fighting has shifted. Well, it's shifted to the outskirts of the capital region and has become really intense towards the Western region of DAF four, which is overwhelmingly controlled by the RSF.


It's where there was a genocide 20 years ago by Arab militias that evolved into the RSF against African ethnic groups, and it's happening again now according to the un, US and others. That's NPR r's Emmanuel Tu in Sudan. Thank you very much. Thank you. Mourners from around the world are lining up to see Pope Francis lying in state at St. Peter's Basilica. The Vatican said more than 90,000 people had paid their respects by yesterday evening, waiting in long lines for hours. Among them was Kelly Gaffigan from Virginia. Here's how she said she'll remember Francis.


He really like had the best interest of the people as a whole Catholic and everyone and the planet. And even though that rubbed people the wrong way, I think he was always doing what was best for us and our world. When the viewing ends tonight, the coffin will be sealed for the funeral mass Saturday morning. That will be a traditional Catholic requiem mass for the dead with prayers mostly in Latin, but also in Chinese, Polish, Portuguese and Arabic. Then nine days of official mourning begins leading up to the papal conclave. Once the conclave gets underway, voting cardinals are sequestered in assisting chapel and a nearby house until a new Pope is selected.


This Sunday on, at first, a whistleblower inside the federal government shares evidence that Doge employees may have taken sensitive data from government computers and cover their tracks. Unfortunately, because of the way that the database was manipulated, there's really no way to tell where that data is now, What the whistleblower found this weekend on The Sunday Story right here in the Upfirst podcast, and that's Upfirst for Friday, April 25th. I'm Martinez. And I'm Michelle Martin. And a reminder Upfirst airs on weekends too. Aisha Roscoe and Scott Simon will have the news. Look for it wherever you get your podcasts. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Tara Neal, Anna Yukhananov, Ryland Barton, Jan Johnson and Jana Williams.


It was produced by Zid bch, Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Arthur Laurent and our technical director is Carly Strange. Our executive producer is Jay Shaler. Have a great weekend, everyone


Wanna hear this podcast? Without sponsor breaks, Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst Plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus do NPR dot org.


There was Barb Heimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies, the Fantastic Four Superman for a guide to the movies and TV we are most excited about this summer. Listen to the Pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.


Do you think you have a DHD? You're not alone. After the pandemic hit, there was a huge jump in A DHD diagnoses among adults. And at the same time, the internet is more and more obsessed with saying everything is a sign of it to identify the red flags. When a diagnosis goes viral, listen to the, it's been a minute podcast today.