
Ukraine agrees to terms for a 30 day ceasefire, and The U US is back to sending weapons and intelligence And that's effective immediately. Well, Russia agree to the deal and what's it mean for ending the war if they don't? I'm Michelle Martin, that's a Martinez, and this is Upfirst from NPR News. The education department is slashing nearly half of its staff. Not only are we concerned about how we will now pay our bills, but what impact this is gonna have to the American public families who have students with special needs. What happens when the agency meant to support quality and fairness in education loses so many of its workers And Congress has just days to avoid a government shutdown.


The house passed a stopgap bill, but will the Senate get on board? Stay with us. We've got all the news You need to start your day.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel. It is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Once you've reached your audience, Shopify has the Internet's best converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers. Go to shopify.com/npr to take your business to the next level. Today,


NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR, After nine hours of talks in Saudi Arabia, Ukrainian and American delegations announced an agreement on a 30 day ceasefire last night. This comes less than two weeks after a string of harsh words by President Trump directed at Ukrainian. President Vladimir Zelensky culminated in an oval office blowup between the two and the impression that the new administration was taking Russia's side.


Now though the pressure is on Russia to accept the American Ukrainian deal, We go now to NPRs Eleanor Beardsley who is in Kyiv. So Eleanor, 30 days, what does that buy? Ukraine? Well, A that buys them peace, space and calm. To begin real talks about a long-term piece. It would include the cessation of all shooting bombs, missiles, drones on the Black sea, the frontline, and in Ukraine, cities of course. And the Trump administration announced it is resuming the sharing of intelligence and delivery of military supplies, which it had temporarily paused. US Secretary of State, Marco Rubio says the ball is now in Russia's court. Ukraine is ready to stop shooting and start talking. And now it'll be up to them to say yes or no. I hope they're gonna say yes, and if they do, then I think we've made great progress.


If they say no, then we'll unfortunately know what the impediment is to peace here. So that's an incredible statement. A less than two weeks after the Trump administration seemed to blame Ukraine for not wanting peace. Yeah. How are Ukrainians reacting to this? Well, president Valdimir zelensky took to social media immediately to herald the agreement. Here he is speaking, he said the American side understands our arguments, accepts our proposals, and I want to thank President Trump for the constructive conversation between our teams. So again, a complete turnaround for Zelensky from that disastrous oval office meeting. And as for resuming of the intelligence, you know, cutting that off was seen as a real low blow to Ukrainians.


I arrived in Kyiv last night just as the news of the deal and the renewed intel sharing was breaking. And I spoke to 30 5-year-old Dima Hawk. Here he is. I think this is great. We need this information for sure. And how did you feel when it was stopped? I feel, I feel disgusted, less safe. I don't know If you heard his friend, but she said they felt less safe because satellite intelligence not only helped on the battlefield, but it helped you Ukraine defend its cities by giving advanced warning of high-speed Russian missiles. And having lay in bed last night on my first night in Kyiv to a raid sirens, and then the explosions of drones being shot down over the city, I can tell you it's nerve wracking. Yeah, Yeah, absolutely.


Now that meeting in Saudi Arabia was between Ukraine and The U us. Now what? Now The U US delegation is set to meet with the Russians. There's been no official reaction from Moscow yet. I spoke with Samuel, who is a Russia specialist at the think tank, the Rand Corporation, and he says, the onus is now on the Russians to accept something or perhaps face Trump's ire. But Shara says, surprisingly there is common ground between the Russians and Ukrainians. What Russia interestingly has in common with the Ukrainian position again, is that they too want to ensure that this isn't a temporary pause. That whatever agreement they reach actually ends the war in a way that they're not facing a renewed, you know, Ukrainian attempt to retake Ukraine's territory in the future.


So he says this means both sides will be ready to prioritize the broader issues to lead to a longer piece. He says, no one has won this war, and both sides will have to compromise. NPRs Eleanor Beardsley in Kyiv. Eleanor, thank you. You're welcome. A Last night the Trump administration announced it's cutting nearly half of all staff, The U, US Department of Education. Shortly after many of those employees started receiving emails, letting them know they would soon be losing their jobs. NPR education reporter, Janaki Metta has been hearing from some of those staffers. So let's just start with the scale of these layoffs and and what parts of the agency were affected.


Yeah. So the announcement that came from the Department of Education Tuesday night said the agency was cutting nearly 50% of its staff, And that number includes some of the people who've already taken voluntary buyouts or decided to retire. And in that statement, education Secretary Linda McMahon said, these cuts reflect the department's quote, commitment to efficiency, accountability, and ensuring that resources are directed where they matter most to students, parents, and teachers. And a, the announcement clearly said all divisions of the agency will be impacted. The Department of Ed sent union leaders a list of employees who would be laid off, and the union shared that list with NPR. The cuts are certainly wide ranging.


Hundreds of employees from the federal Student Aid office, just under two 50 employees from the Office of Civil Rights and another a hundred plus from the Institute of Education Sciences, which was already gutted by other federal cuts a few weeks ago. And many other parts of the agency were reflected in that list too. Alright. Now you've been in touch with some of the staffers who are being laid off. What have they been saying? Yeah, I heard from multiple employees who were notified yesterday that they will be laid off in coming days. Sharia Smith is an attorney at the Department of Ed's office for civil Rights. She's also president of A FGE Local 2 52, which is a union that represents ed department employees and Smith, along with all five of the other union officers.


In her chapter. We're told Tuesday that there're being laid off. Not only are we concerned about how we will now pay our bills, but what impact this is gonna have to the American public families who have students with special needs. What they've just done today is fire hundreds of the employees that would be enforcing those rights. So the Office for Civil Rights for Smith Works is responsible for making sure students aren't being discriminated against at school, And that includes students with disabilities. Now, I know this news is pretty fresh, but do we know if these cuts are even legal? I mean, aren't some of these education department offices protected by law? Yes, they are. So for example, the Institute of Education Sciences or IES does research on all kinds of topics related to American education.


It has a bunch of subbranches that were established in laws passed by Congress as well. But I saw a termination email for an employee of one of those subbranches that I'm talking about that clearly states that their entire unit is being abolished. Whether or not that's legal is not clear yet. Say like if the ED department has retained at least some of the employees at these offices that are protected by law, they could be leaving the door open to say that office hasn't completely been shut down. Kenneth Wong is a professor of education policy at Brown University and here's what he said. Now the executive branch can argue that they are partially implementing the law and they would probably argue that there is no longer a need for the personnel to fulfill these functions.


So Wong says that will ultimately be up to Congress and probably the courts to decide. All right, that's NPR education reporter, Janaki Metta. Thanks a lot. Thank you. A All right. The clock is ticking in Washington on a potential government shutdown. Funding for federal agencies expires Friday at midnight, leaving The Senate with less than 72 hours to pass a stopgap spending plan. The Republican plan passed the house yesterday. Here is Speaker Mike Johnson. After the vote, It falls on the desk of Chuck Schumer. He is the leader of the Democrats on that side, and he must determine whether he wants to fund the government, do the responsible thing or whether he wants to shut the government down.


NPR R'S Congressional correspondent is Claudia Al. So Claudia, let's start with that stopgap plan that passed the house, what to do, Right? It extends a current stopgap spending plan through the end of the fiscal year, so through September at lower 2024 levels. This in particular, was key to keeping hard line members on board for these forced cuts that we would see in some cases. It's a feature of these kinds of stop gap bills, also known as continuing resolutions to keep spending flat. But it's also a rarity to see Congress to fund the government this way for an entire year. Traditionally, we see them pass a full year appropriations plan, but bipartisan negotiations failed to come together in time.


So Republicans turn to this partisan plan instead. Yeah. When it comes to spending, Republicans have tended to disagree on a few things or maybe a lot of things. How do they get this across the finish line? Right. Historically, we've seen hard line members of the conference always vote no. But in this case, they were. Yes. Some for the first time voting yes. On a plan like this, it says a lot about the influence of President Trump. For example, hours before the vote, Trump said he would lead an effort to have a member of the conference. This is Kentucky Republican Thomas Massey primaried because he was the lone no vote for the party in the house.


And this happened again just before the vote. And within that same window, we saw a handful of holdouts fall in line who were undecided and vote yes. Alright, As Speaker Johnson said, it now goes to the Senate, Republican led Senate. Can they get this thing passed before that Friday deadline? Maybe, but it could be very close in this case, they're gonna need Democrats to get this done. Senate majority Leader John Thune, like Speaker Johnson, they're putting the heat on Democrats to get on board or be responsible for a government shutdown. As you all know, it takes 60 votes in the Senate to pass an appropriations bill. So we're gonna need some Democrats to vote for it. And Republicans control just a slim majority in the Senate, and that's 53 seats are gonna need 60 votes to overcome a filibuster.


So they hope to get Democrats to hit that threshold. We know one Republican, Kentucky Republican Rand Paul says he's a no vote. While one Democrat, John Federman has signaled he will be the first to join the GOP to get this passed. So seven or more Democrats to vote? Yes. What are Democrats saying? Well, they wanted a plan that would put limits on Trump's ability to make cuts and dismantle the federal government. But house Democrats, while they largely held on this together to vote no, that's not as clear for Senate Democrats. They were not forthcoming yesterday, in most cases, on how they would vote. And that happened in the case for Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer was asked several times about this, but would not say what the plan was.


So we know they're facing pressure from both sides and they don't wanna be blamed for a government shutdown. So it's gonna be a big unity test for Democrats. Alright, that's NPRs congressional correspondent CLA Al. Thanks a lot. Thank you. And before we go, a quick update on trade President. Trump's tariffs on steel and aluminum are now in effect 25% on all imports, no exceptions. That means higher costs for American businesses that rely on those metals, automakers, construction, energy companies, and possibly higher prices for consumers.


And now the EU is hitting back with tariffs of their own starting April 1st, the European block will target $28 billion worth of American goods from steel to food and home appliances. For more on this follow morning edition on your local NPR station or streamers, anytime on the NPR app, and that's a first for Wednesday, March 12th, I mean Martinez.


And I'm Michelle Martin for your next. Listen, how about try and consider this from NPR. We at a first give you the three big stories of the day, or consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single new story and what it means to you. Learn about a big story of the day in less than 15 minutes. Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts.


And today it's episode of upfirst was edited by Ryland Barton, Nicole Cohen, Jason Breslow, Alice Wolfley, and Mohamed El Bari. It was produced by Zia bch, Nia Dumas, and Christopher Thomas. We get engineering support from Damian Herring and our technical director is Stacey Abbott. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org.


At NPRs pop culture happy hour, we sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the Pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Upfirst podcast. Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world. So You can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or going to work. So listen to the Upfirst podcast from NPR.