
Donald Trump's running mate. JD Vance was cheered at the Republican National Convention. What are Trump's plans for his own speech tonight? I'm a Martinez. That's Michelle Martin and this is Up First from NPR News hearings kickoff next week on Capitol Hill over the attempted assassination of the Republican presidential nominee and lawmakers are demanding answers. We have to have accountability for this. Could leadership of the secret service be in question? And President Joe Biden has tested positive for Covid. Is this temporary setback one too many as he tries to hang onto his bid to keep the White House? stay with us. We'll tell you what you need to know to start your day.


Support for NPR and the following message come from GoodRx. Did you know GoodRx can help you better manage your diabetes with savings on medications and devices? Check GoodRx before heading to the pharmacy and get up to 80% off. GoodRx is free and easy to use. Just search your medication, get your coupon, and start saving even with insurance or Medicare, GoodRx could beat your copay. So for simple, smart savings on diabetes and other prescriptions, go to goodrx.com/ upfirst.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Better Help. Social media makes it easy to compare your life to everyone else's, but therapy can help you. Focus on yourself instead so you can live your life to the fullest. If you are considering therapy, give better help a try. It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and tailored to your schedule. Visit better help@betterhelp.com slash npr to get 10% off your first month.


This message comes from NPR sponsor ServiceNow. The AI platform for business transformation AI is only as powerful as the platform it's built into Enter ServiceNow. It puts AI to work for people across your business, providing intelligent tools to help remove frustration and supercharge productivity. And all of that is built into a single platform you can use right now. That's why the world works with ServiceNow. Learn more at servicenow.com/ai for people.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Capella University with their game changing, FlexPath learning format. Capella empowers you to fit education into your life without putting other priorities on hold. FlexPath lets you set your own deadlines and adjust them. If something comes up and depending on your schedule, you can take courses at your own speed and move on to the next one. When you're ready, imagine how a flexible program can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu,


The Republican National Convention wraps up tonight with an acceptance speech from the party's nominee for President Donald Trump. The speech comes less than a week after the former president was wounded in an assassination attempt at a rally in Pennsylvania after the attack. He said he rewrote the speech he'll deliver at the RNC. The big moment at the convention last night came when Trump's running mate, Senator JD Vance addressed the delegates. I officially accept your nomination to be vice president of the United States of America. NPR national political correspondent Don Gnet was there, stayed up late for us. Thank you for that. And he is with us now. Indeed. Hi There. Hi. So Vance has been in the Senate for less than two years.


He's 39. You know, he is the author of that bestselling memoir, hillbilly Elegy, that was later made into a movie. It gives his perspective on his childhood in rural Ohio, but I don't know whether that means that most potential voters know who he is. So what did he talk about in the speech? Well, a lot of people read the book, but that doesn't mean voters really know him. He did talk at length last night about his family's struggles, including opioid abuse and addiction and how there was so much of all of that all around him in the town. He survived it and joined the Marines and served in Iraq and then after that it was off to Ohio State University on the GI Bill and then eventually onto law school.


But even with his success today, he talked last night about how that life still feels present. Every now and then I will get a call from a relative back home. Who asked? Did you know? So-and-So, and I'll remember a face from years ago and then I'll hear they died of an overdose. I understand his mother was in the audience. Beverly Vance was there. She has dealt with drug addiction in her life. But introducing her, he said his mom is almost 10 years clean. He was not raised by her. His grandparents raised him and he credited his grandmother last night. He was also introduced by his wife Usha, who is an attorney they met at Yale Law School as students.


So these were all the prominent women in his life whom he really called out and spoke about in the speech. So does he relate all of that family history back to the campaign? He said it all shapes who he is. Expect him to hold a ton of events in working class areas of Michigan and Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. Battleground states all, he mentioned them repeatedly last night and he did this thing where he ties policy decisions over the years once he sees his bad decisions by politicians to his youth and and it reminds people that he is of a new generation of leaders. Give a listen. When I was in the fourth grade, a career politician by the name of Joe Biden supported nafta, a bad trade deal that sent countless good jobs to Mexico.


You hear the booing there. That line goes on to blame Biden, who was a US senator, he mentions bad trade deals with China. He mentions Biden's support for the Iraq war. That's when he was in 12th grade. So that's kind of the pitch he's giving. Okay, what do we expect to hear from Trump tonight? We all know about Trump's speeches. By now, they're in your face. You know, tons of self-promotion attacks on political opponents. But Trump has said since the assassination attempt just five days ago, that he's reworked the entire speech, that it'll be more introspective, more inclusive. We'll see if it actually does seem like a different kind of Trump speech.


That is N P'S National political correspondent Don Gnet. Don, thank you. You're Welcome. Officials in Western Pennsylvania are speaking out about the attempted assassination of former president Donald Trump. Yeah, they Say the Secret Service failed to secure the building access by the shooter while their officers responded quickly to reports of a suspicious person. Now these officials have now been called to testify on Capitol Hill. Next week, lawmakers are demanding answers and accountability And here's congressional correspondent Claudia Cor is with us to tell us more about all this.


Good morning, Claudia. Good morning. So what are lawmakers planning? The number of congressional investigations into the security plans for this rally are growing by the day. For example, how speaker Mike Johnson announced one of the newest probes yesterday, and that will be comprise of a bipartisan task force that he plans to launch on Monday. He says this task force will have subpoena power and he argued they will be able to work faster. These investigations are about the lapses that led to the shooting, but the FBI is conducting its own inquiry into the gunman's motives and President Biden ordered an independent review of what happened. So this seems like a lot, as you just kind of pointed out, there's, it seems to be some overlap here, right?


Where do these various things stand? Right. The Democratic chair of the Senate Homeland Security Panel will lead a bipartisan probe into the shooting while several individual senators that say they're conducting their own investigations. And this is also the case for several members in the house where the Republican LED House oversight Committee has already subpoenaed the head of the Secret Service, Kimberly Cheadle, who is now set to appear on the hill on Monday, and this is as the GOP LED House. Homeland Security Panel is also expecting to hear testimony from Cheadle and the heads of DHS, which oversee Secret Service and the FBI, the panel's chairman for Homeland Security.


Mark Green asked law enforcement officials with the Pennsylvania State Police and Butler County where the shooting took place to also testify. So I get the sense that the local officials seem to have a different take on all this Exactly as we mentioned at the top, they're expected to defend their officers in detail how the Secret Service may have had a lapse in planning. For example, one of those witnesses asked to testify, Butler County Sheriff Michael Sloop told me his deputies performed their duties at their assigned areas. They went above and beyond before and after the shooting started to help witnesses and assist police in clearing nearby buildings. And he also recounted that it was an officer from Butler Township who attempted to confront the shooter on the roof, but the shooter aimed at the officer who had no choice but to turn back.


And yesterday our colleagues obtained a news statement from Butler Township saying their police were largely charged with traffic control, but they responded quickly at reports of a suspicious person and confirmed one of their officers pulled himself up to the roof's edge but had to let go and fall when the shooter took aim at this officer and another official said they believe this confrontation is what ultimately threw off the shooter's plans. Where does this all leave the Secret Service? They are in crisis. Last night at the Republican National Convention, several US senators confronted Cheadle who was there sharing this bit of a surreal moment on video where they accused her of stonewalling and saying she owes Trump answers. But we should also note this is a reminder of how much politics plays out today with these sort of recorded confrontational moments.


That said C Chile's testimony will be a high stakes moment for her and the agency on Monday. She was part of a series of virtual closed door briefings on the shooting yesterday for members that left some, leaving the meeting calling for her resignation, including Senate Minority leader Mitch McConnell. That is N ps. Claudia. Claudia, thank you. Thank you. President Biden has tested positive for Covid. He was in Las Vegas campaigning the White House said he developed a runny nose and a cough. So he took a covid test and got the news. Yeah, now he's back at his beach house in Delaware where the White House says he'll continue his normal duties.


But this comes at a time when very little in his campaign is actually normal. The health of this president and his ability to seek a second term is definitely under the microscope. NPR Senior White House correspondent Tamara Keith is with us now from Milwaukee. Good morning, Tam. Good morning. So, so what do we know about how the president is doing Last night as he got on Air Force One to return from Las Vegas? The White House said he'd already taken his first dose of the antiviral drug paxlovid and his symptoms were mild with a normal respiratory rate and temperature, but his cough was quite noticeable in an interview he did just before testing positive. We know that his doctor generally says he's in good health for his age, but you know, he had that cold three weeks ago that he blames for his very bad debate performance.


Okay. His age, he's 81. That's been a subject and issue throughout this sort of campaign season and especially since that debate where he really struggled to explain himself. Democrats have been asking whether he has what it takes to keep the White House and frankly to govern if he does keep the White House now he's got Covid. How is that affecting the conversation about this race? You know, a lot of people are getting covid right now, but talk about terrible timing. Biden was in the middle of a tour meant to shore up support with democratic base voters and to show those in his party who are anxious about his chances that they're underestimating him, that he has what it takes, that he's vigorous and has the drive to win, and now he's stuck at home instead and the timing is really bad in another way.


Yesterday prominent house Democrat, Adam Schiff, called for Biden to pass the torch adding to a growing list. And we know that Senate majority leader Chuck Schumer went to see him last Saturday in Delaware, which is unusual and he's issued a pair of uncharacteristically terse statements since Schumer said he shared the concerns of Senate Democrats with the President and that the meeting was good. Not exactly a ringing endorsement and house Democratic leader, Hakeem Jeffries has been pretty circumspect as well. So we don't know exactly what these leaders said to Biden, but White House spokesman Andrew Bates told us, quote, the president told both leaders he is the nominee of the party.


He plans to win and he looks forward to working with both of them to pass his 100 days agenda to help working families Well. So that sounds like the President is still quite insistent that he is the best candidate and that he is staying in Publicly. At least we aren't seeing any cracks from the president or his inner circle of advisors. Two weeks ago he said only the Lord Almighty could convince him to get out of the race. He did an interview with BET News earlier this week and in that interview he said that one thing that could change his mind would be some kind of serious medical condition. When he walked off Air Force one last night in Delaware, he responded to the reporter shouting questions that he was doing well, but at least for a few days, at this key moment in the campaign with questions swirling about the viability of his candidacy, Biden is going to be largely invisible isolating at his beach house.


Meanwhile Democrats are fighting among themselves while Republicans are at their convention here in Milwaukee, projecting massive confidence and presenting a united front behind their nominee who just survived an assassination attempt and came out looking stronger. That is NPS Tamara Keith Tam. Thank you. You're welcome. And that's Up First Per Thursday, July 18th. I'm Michelle Martin And I'm a Martinez. How about listening to consider this from NPR? We hear it. Up First give you the three big stories of the day, or consider this colleagues take a different approach. They dive into a single news story and what it means to you in just 15 minutes.


Listen now on the NPR app or wherever you get those podcasts. Today's episode of Up First was edited by Megan Pratt, Roberta, Rampton, Krishna, DIIV Kalimore, Olivia Hampton, and Alice Wolfley. It was produced by Lily Ros, Ben Abrams and Mony Cara. We get engineering support from Andy ER and our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us again tomorrow.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Merrill. Whatever your financial goals are, you want a straightforward path there, but the real world doesn't usually work that way. Merrill understands that. That's why with a dedicated Merrill advisor, you get a personalized plan and a clear path forward. Go to ml.com/bullish to learn more. Merrill a Bank of America company. What would you like the power to do investing involves risk Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner and Smith Incorporated. Registered broker dealer. Registered investment advisor, member SIPC.


This message is brought to you by NPR sponsor Lisa in collaboration with West Elm. Discover the new natural hybrid mattress expertly crafted from natural latex and certified safe foams designed with your health and the planet in mind. Visit LES a.com to learn more.


The Republican National Convention is happening this week and the NPR Politics Podcast takes you there. We're on the ground in Milwaukee with analysis, recaps, and coverage of what happens every night of the RNC. Listen to the NPR Politics podcast.