
US military plans were discussed on a group chat that included apparently by accident, a journalist. I'm sitting in my car and I get this war plan from Pete. Seth, Why were sensitive plans to strike Yemen shared on an unsecured messaging app? I'm Michelle Martin, that's Layla Faddle. And this is Upfirst from NPR News. A federal judge says the Trump administration did not give appropriate due process to hundreds of Venezuelan migrants when it deported them under a wartime law. Nazis got better treatment under the Alien Enemy Act than has happened here. What is the administration's argument? And the Prime Minister of Greenland is not happy about an upcoming visit from Second Lady Usha Vance.


International travel is often set up as a way to connect with the voting public, But Greenland sees it as aggressive. Stay with us. We'll give you the news You need to start your day From media to tech, to politics. The world around us is changing. Sometimes it's hard to know what You can rely on or trust. Your support means that NPR will be here for you tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. We're not going anywhere. Show up for public media. For public media giving days. Make your gift now@donate.npr.org.


There was Barb Inheimer summer, then Brat Summer. What will this season bring? Maybe it's the season of actual good superhero movies like the Fantastic Four Superman for a guide to the movies and TV we are most excited about this summer. Listen to the pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S through line podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on through line. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential Power, aging, and Evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Throughline Podcast from NPR.


In an extraordinary security breach, the country's most senior security officials created a group chat on a messaging app to discuss us airstrikes on Yemen. Now two important points about this. First, the group chat was on Signal, not a secure US government network. And second, the group included a journalist, Jeffrey Goldberg, editor of the Atlantic Magazine. Apparently by accident for More, we're joined by NPR National Security correspondent Greg Myy. Hey, Greg. Good morning, Layla. Okay, so I mean, how did this happen? Well, the editor of the Atlantic, Jeffrey Goldberg, said he got a notice on the messaging app signal on March 11th, inviting him to join a group chat regarding the Houthis in Yemen.


Now, the invitation came from the National Security Advisor, Mike Waltz, and included all the top national security officials, including defense secretary Pete Hegseth. Now, Goldberg initially thought this was some sort of hoax, someone was trying to entrap him, but over the next few days, the tra, the text increasingly looked to be genuine with the details about US plans to bomb the Houthis in Yemen. Goldberg spoke to all things considered yesterday about what then happened on March 15th. I'm sitting in my car in a parking lot in a supermarket at 11:44 AM Eastern, and I get this war plan from Pete. He, And so two hours later, the US bombing begins in Yemen and Goldberg realizes this is no hoax.


These US airstrikes are real and they're still ongoing. And Hegseth yesterday questioned the credibility of Goldberg, but the National Security Council put out a statement saying the material appeared to be authentic. I mean, it's pretty remarkable, and Democrats have been highly critical of Trump's national security team saying it lacked experience. Is this an example of that supposed lack of experience? Well, Layla certainly seems so, and they, they certainly should have known better. Hegseth often talks about his military experience, as does waltz. And rest assured they were never told as soldiers to share military operations in advance on their preferred messaging app and to include emojis as waltz apparently did with a clinched fist, a flag, and a fire emoji.


And, and this group also included the nation's top two intelligence officials, CIA director, John Ratcliffe, and Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard. Now, those agencies are absolutely fanatical about secure communications. Yet based on Goldberg's account, no Senior National Security official raise concerns about sharing war plans on signal. And How do national security officials normally communicate when discussing sensitive military operations? Well, those officials are supposed to use a skiff, which stands for Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility. These secure rooms are built to discuss classified information.


You can't take a phone into these rooms, you can't take documents out. And all of these top ranking national security officials have skiffs at their offices and at their homes. I mean, it makes sense in principle, but how does it work? In reality, senior national security officials are often traveling for work. Their job doesn't end when the weekend comes. Is this practical? Well, it, it can be very impractical, but that's how it's supposed to be done. These airstrikes against the Houthis and Yemen began on a Saturday afternoon. So officials may not have been near a skiff, but it doesn't mean they should be discussing the launch of a major US military operation in real time on their phones, on a messaging app.


And P'S, Greg Meyer Myy. Thank you Greg. Sure thing. Layla, A federal appeals court in Washington DC is weighing whether to allow the White House to quickly deport alleged members of a Venezuelan gang under a rarely used wartime authority. It is the latest episode in our broader legal debate about the Alien Enemies Act. And last night, the Trump Administration said it is invoking the state's secrets privilege in a standoff with another federal judge over deportation flights that may have defied his orders. NPRs Joel Rose has been following that debate and he joins us now.


Good morning, Joel. Hey, Layla. Okay, so this case has been moving pretty quickly. Remind us what was the Appeals court considering at the hearing Monday? This is a three judge panel from the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, and it was hearing an appeal from the Trump administration of a lower court's ruling. The District court judge in that case has temporarily blocked the administration from deporting anyone under the Alien Enemies Act, which has only been used three times in US history, all when the country was actively at war. The Trump administration argues it should apply here as well because of the threat posed by the Venezuelan gang trend Deua, which the administration has designated as a foreign terrorist organization in an order. Yesterday, the judge reaffirmed his temporary restraining order on the grounds that these Venezuelan migrants have not gotten due process, had no meaningful chance to argue that they are not members of this notorious gang.


And what happened in the appeals court hearing Monday? One appeals court judge in particular seemed also very concerned about these due process questions, judge Patricia Millette, who was appointed by Barack Obama. This law was used most recently during World War ii. And even then Millette said detained Germans had a chance to fight their deportations. Unlike these Venezuelans today, There were plain loads of people. There were no procedures in place to notify people. Nazis got better treatment under the Alien Enemy Act than has happened here. You know, the Justice Department's lawyer disputed the Nazi analogy and said that some of these Venezuelan men have in fact been able to fight their removal. But Judge Millett questioned whether the other 200 migrants who were deported had any chance to do that.


She said, we don't have any record of whether these people were gang members or victims of the gang. The White House says it is confident that all of those deported are violent gang members, but the administration is also conceded in legal filings that many do not have criminal records in the US immigrant advocates contend many are actually not gang members at all, but have been targeted because they have tattoos. Hmm. The administration has been firm in saying they have the authority to invoke this act. What was the case they made in court? The Justice Department's lawyer argued that the district court judge overstepped by inserting the court into foreign policy and, and never should have issued his order in the first place. Here's Drew Ensign from the Justice Department. The District Court's order represents an unprecedented and enormous intrusion upon the powers of the executive branch and in a manner that could intrude upon sensitive diplomatic negotiations.


Einstein also spent a lot of time arguing that immigrant advocates brought basically the wrong kind of lawsuit and should have challenged this individual cases in Texas where these deportation flights originated. We don't know when this panel will rule, but it it could be soon. And at the same time, the Trump administration is fighting to avoid releasing more details about these deportation flights. Where, where does that stand? Yeah. On a separate legal track, the Trump administration has told us district Judge James Boberg last night, that it is invoking the state's secrets privilege. And we will continue to not give him key information about those flights, including departure times and other operational details. Boberg has been pushing the administration to explain Whether it defied his orders when it allowed deportation flights to continue last weekend.


He has said in court that he will get to the bottom of whether his order was violated And is Joel Rose. Thank you, Joel. You're welcome. Since he took office, president Trump has repeatedly suggested that the US should take over Greenland, a territory controlled by a Denmark. It's In a strategic location and it is rich in critical minerals used in technology. Here's Trump speaking at a cabinet meeting yesterday. I think Greenland's gonna be something that maybe is in our future. I think it's important. It's important from the standpoint of international security, But leaders in Greenland and Denmark have repeatedly rejected these advances saying Greenland is not for sale.


So an announcement this week that secondly to Usha Vance is traveling there, raised some eyebrows. NPR White House correspondent Deepa Shiver joins us now to talk it through. Hey, Deepa. Hey, good morning. Okay, so why is Usha Vance going to Greenland? What is she doing? Right. So spouses of presidents and vice presidents have typically played a role in facilitating some kind of, you know, soft diplomacy according to the White House. This is a cultural excursion. Vance will visit historical sites, learn about Greenland's heritage, and attend Greenland's National Dog Sled race, which involves more than 400 dogs I learned. But given how fraught things are between the US and Greenland, it's an unusual visit for Vance to make this early in the administration.


It's not clear what Vance's portfolio of issues is and what you know she'll focus on. But I did talk to a couple people who have studied first and second ladies, and they were surprised at the announcement of this trip because of how contentious the politics are. Here's Elizabeth Natali. She's a professor at UNC Greensboro and helped found the First Ladies Association of Research and Education. International travel is often set up as a way for first and second ladies to connect with the voting public or the people of the ally often involved in this travel. When you're promoting friendship, you're promoting equality and humanity and democracy.


That is not the context at all as she embarks on this trip later this week. Now, Natali says it's possible that Vance can carve out a space on this trip to convey a positive image of herself and the us. She is bringing one of her young sons with her, but combined with the rhetoric from the White House, it might be a steeper climb for the Second Lady. Now, is she going on her own or is there more White House involvement here? So at this point, there's two parts of this National Security advisor. Mike Waltz is also making a trip to a US military base in Greenland this week that's separate. And so Vance is traveling with her son in a US delegation, and they'll be there for about three Days.


And what's the reaction been in Greenland? It's been negative. In an interview with a Greenlandic newspaper over the weekend, the prime minister of Greenland said that the visit from members of the Trump administration was very aggressive, Layla. He said that Greenland has to face the seriousness of the situation of the US wanting to annex them. Now, Trump, for his part, says this isn't a provocation. He says it's a purely friendly visit, and claimed that the US was invited to visit Greenland. Though NPR is not able to confirm if there was an invite. He also mentioned that countries like Russia and China are trying to assert more control in the Arctic region. And he teased that Secretary of State, Marco Rubio may also visit the territory. And I will just point out that in January before inauguration, Trump's son, Donald Trump Jr.


Made a trip to Greenland as well. That's NPRs Deepa shiver room. Thank you, Deepa. Thank you. And that's a first for Tuesday, March 25th. I'm Layla Foaled. And I'm Michelle Martin. Thanks for listening to Upfirst. You can find more in-depth coverage of the stories we talked about today and lots more on NPRs morning edition. The radio show that Lela fto, Steve Inskeep, a Martinez and I host, find warning edition on your local NPR station@stations.npr.org. Today's episode of Upfirst was edited by Andrew Sussman, Eric Westervelt, Roberta Rampton, Jana Williams, and Hambra dc. It was produced by Zid Butch Nia Dumas and Christopher Thomas.


We get engineering support from Stacey Abbott and our technical director is Carly Strange. Join us again tomorrow.


Wanna hear this podcast Without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to Upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also Support NPR R'S Vital Journalism and get Upfirst plus@plus.npr.org. That's plus dot NPR dot org.


Imagine If you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, wait, wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, wait, don't tell me yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you think you have a DHD? You're not alone. After the pandemic hit, there was a huge jump in A DHD diagnoses among adults. And at the same time, the internet is more and more obsessed with saying everything is a sign of it. You Might have ADHD To identify the red flags when a diagnosis goes viral. Listen to the, it's been a minute podcast today.