
I am Rasco and this is The Sunday Story where we go beyond the news of the day to bring you one big story. So a, a fundamental question is being asked right now, who gets to be a US citizen? On his first day in office, president Donald Trump signed an executive order attempting to end birthright citizenship for children born in the U us whose parents are in the country illegally. Trump's action, although dramatic wasn't exactly a surprise, he'd been talking about doing exactly this over and over, We are fighting hard to get birthright citizenship or automatic citizenship for the children of illegal aliens.


That's a This is Trump at a GOP event at his Doral golf resort in Miami on January 27th of this year. It was not meant for everyone to come into our country by airplane or charging across the borders from all over the world and think they're gonna become citizens. After Trump issued his order, 22 states quickly filed lawsuits and then federal courts temporarily block the order, which means that now the issue will move slowly through the legal system. At the heart of this fight is a question that centuries old who is truly American and who gets to decide.


Recently my colleagues at NPR R S History podcast through line revisited the story behind the 14th Amendment and how it came to be. The story focuses on one man Wong Kim Ark. He was born in 1873 and San Francisco to Chinese parents at a time that the US was turning against Chinese immigrants. In part one of their episode through line lays out how in the 18 hundreds, thousands of Chinese laborers immigrated to the US to work in factories and build America's railroads. But when an economic downturn hit, politicians turned against the Chinese claiming they were taking low wage jobs because they were willing to work under slave like conditions.


There were mob attacks and mass lynchings and in 1882 Congress passed the Chinese Exclusion Act that prohibited Chinese laborers from entering the country under these conditions. Wong Kim Ark and his parents went back to China, but a few years later he returned to the US to work. He'd make occasional visits back to China to see his family. In 1895, he returned back to San Francisco after one of those visits, but officials refused to let him leave the steamship. The US government was looking for a test case to expand the Chinese exclusion Act and he was it.


After the break through lines run Abdel Fatah and ine Arab Bluey and part two of their story the test case.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, no idea where to sell. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station and everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize winning reporting and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR. NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit protect by public media.org.


You're listening to The Sunday Story. Here are my colleagues rom team Arab Bluey and Ron Abdel Futa from Throughline with an excerpt from their episode on birthright citizenship. Here's R, We're looking back at the story of Wong Kmar, a man whose legal battle shaped Who gets to be an American citizen. In August of 1895, Wong Kmar was sitting on a steamship detained and watched over by guards. He was there because according to the government, he was not a US citizen. Even though he had documentation showing He was born in San Francisco, it must have been a lonely, bitter feeling to be just a few miles from his hometown, rejected by his own government, but he wasn't alone.


Almost immediately a group of people started working to get him out. So I'm guessing they had lots of, lots of contacts and networks who were aware of who was coming in and what was happening on those steamships. This is Amanda Frost, professor of immigration law and author of You Are Not American Citizenship Stripping from Dred Scott to the Dreamers. The group was known colloquially as the Chinese six companies, The Chinese six companies, also known as the Chinese Consolidated Benevolent Association. It was a group of representatives from all the different regions of China who were immigrants to the US living in the US who had made it in the United States. They had some money, they had some resources and when the Chinese Exclusion Act went into effect, they mobilized and they said, we are gonna fight back.


They frequently hired lawyers, white lawyers to help Chinese laborers who were subject to deportation under the law. And so the Chinese six companies hired a lawyer for won Kim Ark, a well-known lawyer named Thomas Reor and he files a habeas petition on Wong Kim Ark's behalf. A petition for a writ of habeas corpus was filed on behalf of Wong Kim Ark alleging that said Wong Kim Ark is unlawfully confined and restrained of his liberty on board of the Steamship Coptic and prevented from landing into the United States. So while Wong Kim Ark sat imprisoned on the steamship, his case headed to a California district court, The question to be determined is whether a person born within the United States whose father and mother were both persons of Chinese descent and subjects of the emperor of China, but at the time of the birth were both domiciled residents of the United States is a citizen.


The district court was faced with a monumental decision, one that hinged on a single sentence in the 14th amendment of the Constitution, 14th Amendment section one, All persons born or naturalized in the United States. The 14th Amendment was added to the Constitution after the Civil War. To achieve equal protection of the laws, it was intended to make sure newly emancipated black Americans had full equal citizenship and rights. Some of the most impactful Supreme Court cases have hinged on this amendment.


There's Plessy versus Ferguson, which upheld the constitutionality of segregation. Brown versus Board of Education, which reversed that. Even Roe versus Wade, which guaranteed the right to abortion, won Kmart's case focused on a specific part of the 14th Amendment, the citizenship clause, All persons born or naturalized in the United States. United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, jurisdiction thereof of citizens Of the United States And of the state wherein they reside And of the state wherein they reside. That phrase jurisdiction thereof. It's key because the court had to decide what makes a person a US citizen.


Do all people born on US soil fall under its jurisdiction, its laws or is jurisdiction about where your loyalties lie? Are Chinese people living in the United States really subject to US laws or should they be considered subjects of the emperor of China? And then what does this legal argument mean for all immigrants across the country? Could this same logic be applied to birthright citizens from Europe? Given the attention that this case drew in the local press it, it seems that everyone understood that this was going to be the big challenge.


Julie Nof Cove is the dean of Rockefeller College of Public Affairs and Policy at the university at Albany, SUNY and co-author of American By Birth Wong Kmar and the Battle for Citizenship, It was going to have a a broader impact than whatever was going on in San Francisco. One of the most important Chinese cases for many years being the application of Wong Kim Ark to land as a native son Wong Kim Ark was still stuck on a steamer off the coast while his case played out in court. It had been months and he was right in the middle of a bigger battle between the US government and Chinese Americans. The case of Wong Kim Ark promises to become historic.


For the question raised is whether a Chinese born on American soil is a citizen of the United States. So although there had been previous rulings that had touched on this issue, this one did immediately garner quite a lot of attention even before the ruling came down. The decision of several hundred other cases depends upon its outcome. Finally, in the fall of 1895, the court came to a decision And he wins. He wins From the law as announced and the facts as stipulated. I am of the opinion that Wong Kim Ark is a citizen of the United States within the meaning of the citizenship clause of the 14th Amendment.


He has not forfeited his right to return to this country. His detention therefore is illegal. He should be discharged and it is so ordered. The experiment of blending the social habits and mutual race idiosyncrasies of the Chinese laboring classes with those of the great body of the people of the United States has been proved by the experience of 20 years to be in every sense unwise in politic and injurious to both nations. Wong Kmar was technically free but his victory was short-lived.


So the government doesn't give up but the government immediately says We're appealing this. And in fact, Wong Kmar is only allowed off that steamship because he posted a $250 bail and those records are are lost history. But I'm guessing that the Chinese six companies produced that $250. He was kept for four and a half months and he was only released on January 3rd, 1896. The government appealed the case up to the Supreme Court. They did this because they wanted to enforce and expand the Chinese Exclusion Act. Even the president at the time, Grover Cleveland, was in full support of excluding Chinese immigrants. This has induced me to omit no effort to answer the earnest and popular demand for the absolute exclusion of Chinese laborers having objects and purposes unlike our own.


So the government did it. It appealed the case all the way up to the US Supreme Court and the solicitor General. The lawyer who represents the government in front of the Supreme Court was right out of central Casting, A man named Holmes Conrad and Holmes Conrad was tall Patricia. He looked like exactly the kind of person that could be trusted to convey the law clearly and accurately to the justices. His reputation at the time was that he was an excellent lawyer, an excellent representative of the US government. But If you dig a little deeper into the background of Holmes Conrad, you see some really interesting personal details.


Holmes Conrad came from a prominent slave owning family. He had spent the Civil War as an officer fighting for the Confederacy. And here's some nice irony for you because he fought for secession during the Civil War, Conrad actually had his citizenship revoked. So for at least a little period of time, a short period of time, Holmes Conrad too was not a citizen of the United States. He wouldn't have been able to vote or hold office. It's interesting to think that at least for a brief period of time, he shared this issue with Wonki Ark about whether he would be considered a citizen of the United States. Meanwhile, wonki Ark after being detained those horrible four months on ships was back to his hard Scrabble life in San Francisco.


He was earning money and sending it to his wife and kids in China and all the while the government was trying to beat him in court, questioning his citizenship. Yet behind the scenes he's got an all star high powered legal team on his side paid for by the Chinese six companies. They had lawyers on retainer. Some of these lawyers were extremely well positioned. Some of them had had positions in the federal government. This is political scientist, Carol Ackoff, who co-authored the book American By Birth, Wong Kmar and the Battle for Citizenship. Some Of them had argued before the Supreme Court.


Some of them were working for the railroads and the businessmen wanted the Chinese that they had brought over to get into the country For this case, they hired two accomplished white lawyers. One was Maxwell Evers. In a way he wore a dual hat. He was hired by the Chinese, six companies paid by them to represent Wong. But the railroad, which he also worked for, clearly supported him. Many big businesses had a keen interest in the Wong Kmar case. They needed labor, cheap labor to expand and be profitable. So they jumped to support Wong Kmart's case.


The second lawyer was a man named Jay Hubley Ashton, who had worked for President Lincoln and both men deeply believed in Lincoln and and the reconstruction era's mission of not just ending slavery but establishing racial equality. Everts and Ashton had argued cases before the Supreme Court before, but I would have to think that they were pessimistic at this point. The two of them were coming off a loss in a high profile case involving a Chinese client going into this case. They had every reason to doubt the outcome, an outcome that would be potentially devastating for won Kamar and thousands like him.


He surely knew that if he lost, he would be forced to leave the United States, the country in which he'd been born and spent most of his life Coming up. Wong. Kim a heads to the Supreme Court, Welcome back to The Sunday Story Ron and Ron.


These Days there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the consider this podcast from NPR.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news like presidential power, aging and evangelicalism time. Travel with us every week on the Through line podcast from NPR.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast


And team continue their episode of NPRs through Line podcast. We're looking back at Wong Kim Ark, the man who won the Supreme Court case establishing birthright citizenship, meaning If you were born in the US you were automatically a citizen, but that wasn't how it worked. When Wong Kim Ark was born in San Francisco as a young man, he took a trip to China and when he returned, wasn't allowed back into the United States because the government argued his ethnicity meant he wasn't a citizen. His legal battle shaped Who gets to be an American. Part three jurisdiction thereof.


On March 5th, 1897 on a Friday afternoon, the day came the case of United States for sw. Kim Ark began. They're in the capitol building because there was no Supreme Court building at this time. Amanda Frost is a professor of immigration law, an author of you are not American citizenship s dripping from Dred Scott to the Dreamers. And they were in front of these nine black robed men with Chief Justice Fuller in the middle who was very short. So he was sitting on an elevated chair. Chief Justice Melville, Westin Fuller was the leader of the nine justices that made up the Supreme Court.


And let's just say they had a bit of a reputation. The Fuller Court is known among constitutional scholars as one of the most racist iterations of the Supreme Court that has existed across the span of American history. They're responsible for Plessy versus Ferguson. Julie Nav Cov is a political scientist and co-author of the book, American By Birth, Wong Kmar and the Battle of for Citizenship, Many members of the court were on record as being hostile and to Chinese immigrants. The argument took place over two different days, Friday, March 5th, 1897 and Monday, March 8th, 1897.


So the United States government represented by Holmes Conrad swung first. He would've argued as he did in his brief that the 14th Amendment, which guarantees citizenship to all born in the United States has a caveat or he would've said an exception, which is only those who are born in the United States and who are subject to its jurisdiction are automatically birthright citizens of the United States. The case turned upon the meaning of the language subject to the jurisdiction thereof, jurisdiction being of two kinds territorial and political. And so Holmes Conrad would've grasped on to that language and said, well, Wong Kmar, sure He was born in the United States, we can't refute that, but we do not think he was subject to the jurisdiction of the United States because his parents were loyal to the emperor of China and so was their son by sort of automatic transmission.


And so that means the son cannot automatically acquire citizenship based on birth. That was the first piece of Conrad's argument. But then he made a bigger Boulder claim, Also said to the Supreme Court that the 14th Amendment to the US Constitution is itself unconstitutional. And his reason for that was he said the South was coerced into ratifying the 14th Amendment in 1868 and therefore it was never validly a part of the Constitution. And we can see in that argument of course, that he's trying to litigate the Civil War. He's trying to say the reconstruction amendment should not be law. We should turn back the clock.


Conrad was making this argument in 1897 in front of the Supreme Court over 30 years after the ink on the 14th Amendment had dried. And in fact the lawyers for won Kmart called him on that. And they say in their brief, this nation spilled so much blood to fight for the end of slavery and to establish the 13th and 14th and 15th amendments and change our nation and change our constitution. And you should not accept the argument that these amendments are invalid. The government made its argument then it was won. Kim Ark's lawyer's chance to counter.


Well, in very simple terms, chem Arks lawyers have two main claims. One is that this principle of birthright citizenship is a longstanding principle in common law, not just American common law but English common law. Their second claim is that this common law principle was adopted in the 14th Amendment. And therefore If you look at the history of this principle, If you look at how it has played out over time, If you look at what the 14th amendment was a attempting to do and how discussions around it unfolded, and then you look at subsequent developments in lower federal court cases and couple Supreme court cases, there's plenty of grounding there to support the idea that the descendants of Chinese born in the United States are entitled to birthright citizenship.


Millions of immigrants from Europe and around the world had moved to the US in the 19th century. They were encouraged to come and populate the West through laws like the Homestead Act. And their children who were born here were defacto citizens. They could vote at least the men could start companies and they were making up more and more of the population. So the Supreme Court was suddenly having to address a fundamental issue. If the sons and daughters of Chinese are not citizens, then what of the sons and daughters of the English, the Irish, the Germans, the French, other people who have come to the United States.


Carol Hanoff co-authored the book, American by Birth, won Kmar and the battle for citizenship, If you are not a citizen upon being born on this soil, then none of those others are citizens either. That principle is universal and If you undercut it for the descendants of Chinese, you're basically undercutting the foundations of quite a few American citizens.


So the length of time between the oral argument and the ruling was over a year. So the case was argued March 5th and March 8th, 1897 and the final Supreme Court decision wasn't announced until March 28th, 1898. And that was an extraordinary long period of time. It would be extraordinary today. It was even more so then If you had been looking at this case, not necessarily knowing what was going to happen. Only knowing what you know about the Fuller Court going into it, I think you could be forgiven for being a little bit uncertain about which way this one was gonna go. So You can imagine the fear that Wong Kim Ark might have been feeling as month after month went by without a decision and it's the sign the Supreme Court was really struggling with what to do in this case and how to decide it.


And his lawyers were probably also greatly concerned, but they were brilliant lawyers and they told the Supreme Court, If you rule for the government that the children of immigrants are not citizens, you'll take away citizenship from hundreds of thousands, maybe millions of people including lots of white people. And the court heard that loud and clear and even noted that in its opinion That to deny citizenship to one group would be to deny Citizenship to thousands of persons of English, scotch Irish, German and other European parentage who have always been considered and treated as citizens of the United States.


It took over a year, but finally the Supreme Court issued a ruling in the case of US v Juan Kim Ark On March 28th. They issued a ruling six to two because they were down a member, so only eight members. And Justice Gray authors the opinion And he finds that Juan Kamar and all others similarly situated are indeed entitled to birthright citizenship Regardless of the immigration status of their parents are citizens of the United States.


It is conceded that if he is a citizen of the United States, the acts of Congress known as the Chinese exclusion acts prohibiting persons of the Chinese race and especially Chinese laborers from coming into the United States, do not and cannot apply to him. The fact therefore that acts of Congress or treaties have not permitted Chinese persons born out of this country to become citizens by naturalization, cannot exclude Chinese persons born in this country. From the operation of the broad and clear words of the Constitution, all persons born in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the United States.


Justice Gray, The court focused on that language that all persons, this is intended to apply to everyone and it's not intended to be so restrictive as to take away citizenship or bar citizenship from the children of immigrants. And remember, the United States is a nation of immigrants. It's not like there's just a few people who are born to non-citizen parents. It's a significant percentage of the country every year is born to immigrant parents. Quick note, all persons did not necessarily include Native Americans and that's because tribes recognized by the US government were considered sovereign nations with their own governments and court systems.


And then the court threw in at the very end, they said, and if we were to rule any other way, we would take citizenship away from lots of children of not just the quote unquote obnoxious Chinese, which is how the court often refer to this group, but also the children of English immigrants and German immigrants and French immigrants. The court ruled that citizenship is determined by whether or not someone is born on US soil, not by blood or race. That I think also pragmatically led them to, to say, no one k Mark, we're ruling for you, not so much because we're sympathetic to children of Chinese immigrants, but 'cause we can't undo the citizenship of the children of immigrants in this country.


Wong Kim Ark with the support of the Chinese six companies, had won his case. He was recognized by the US government as a birthright citizen, a ruling that his lawyers knew would have an impact on generations to come and won. Kim Ark could finally go back to his life in San Francisco. Well, I would love to say it was a fully happy ending. His problems were not over in part because the US government didn't fully give up. It gave up on that formal legal argument, but I feel in some ways they just switched the battle to other venues. So Wong knew that If you wanted to leave the country again, he would have to prove to everyone's satisfaction all of these white immigration inspectors, that he was the man who'd won the Supreme Court case, that he was Wong Kmar, that he was a citizen born in the United States, And that if they disbelieved him, he'd be stuck all over again in the steerage hold of a steamship trying to argue he could enter his country.


And that must have made him very leery to to even think about leaving the United States. But Juan Kim Ark didn't need to lead the US to land in trouble with authorities. He was living in El Paso, Texas just a few years later after his win in October of 1901 living and working there, and he was arrested and charged with being a Chinese immigrant, not a native born American, a Chinese immigrant who was illegally in the United States. He had to post a $300 bond That's over $10,000 in today's money. And it took months before he could convince these officials. I'm the guy who won the Supreme Court case establishing birthright citizenship.


That's who I am. I am a citizen who gets to stay. This is the racial profiling of its time. That story was brought to you by ROM team era, bluey r Abdel Fitta, and the rest of my colleagues at Throughline. You can hear the full episode on NPRs throughline wherever you listen to podcasts. We also put a link to the episode in the show notes. As for Wong Kim Ark, he continued to live his life between the United States and China where he had kids and a wife.


He was even able to bring some of his kids to live in the us. Though Wong Kim Ark's fight for recognition didn't make his own life much easier. It did clear a path for his own family and the descendants of millions of others whose rights are for now secured by soil and not by their skin color or ethnicity. He went to visit China one last time in 1931 when he was in his sixties. He never returned to the us I am Aisha Roscoe. Thanks for listening to The Sunday Story from Upfirst. We'll be back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week.


Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


Wanna hear this podcast without sponsor breaks? Amazon Prime members can listen to upfirst sponsor free through Amazon Music, or You can also support NPRs vital journalism and get Upfirst plus at plus dot NPR dot org. That's plus.npr.org.


This message comes from stamps.com. If you run a business that requires a lot of mailing and shipping, use stamps.com. You'll save time and money by printing, postage tracking packages, and scheduling free pickups all in one easy to use dashboard. More than 4 million customers have relied on stamps.com. Let stamps.com do what they do best so You can spend your time doing what you do better. Go to stamps.com/ NPR to sign up for a special offer. No contract, cancel any anytime. That's stamps.com/npr.


At NPRs pop culture happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss, and we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the Pop Culture Happy hour podcast from NPR.