
I am Aisha Roscoe, and this is The Sunday Story from Upfirst, where we go beyond the news of the day. To bring you one big story tonight, Hollywood's biggest stars gather for the Academy Awards, the annual celebration of all things movies. If you've been listening to The Sunday Story for a while, you know, I love horror movies, so I was happy to see the horror genre getting some love this year. The film, the Substance, was about the terrifying outcome of an age reversing drug. And it's been nominated in five categories, including Best Picture and Best actress.


And I also saw Conclave. It's a visually stunning film. Acting is amazing. It's about the selection of a new pope. I really love that one. And of course, I had to watch Wicked with My Kids. We had a lot of fun. If you haven't seen it, you don't have to look to the Western Sky that's in the movie. It's kind of a prequel to the Wizard of Oz and it's, it's got a whopping 10 nominations this year. Beyond that, I haven't been able to see many of the movies this year because I'm always working. But our friends over at Pop culture Happy hour, have seen them all.


It's their job, and we're going to hear their predictions coming up right after the break.


Wait, wait, don't tell me Fresh Air Upfirst NPR News now. Planet Money, Ted Radio Hour throughline, the NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcasts You can enjoy. Sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus.npr.org.


At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum from A quality standpoint, is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very rare for people To go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. Well, You are looking for the stupid guy here. They're all smart. Don't worry about Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Upfirst podcast. Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world, so You can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or going to work. So listen to the Upfirst podcast from NPR. We're back with The Sunday Story from Upfirst, and today we're sharing an excerpt of an episode from our friends at pop culture Happy hour. It features all of their predictions of who will be the big winners at tonight's ceremony, A misunderstood witch, an unknowable singer songwriter, a dejected TV personality, and the Dean of Cardinals will all walk into the Dolby Theater on Sunday night because it's that time of year again.


Yes, it's the Oscars, It's an interesting crop of Best Picture director and acting nominees, and we're talking about who we think will win and who we think should take home those shiny gold statues. I'm Steven Thompson. And I'm Aisha Harris. And on this episode of NPRs Pop Culture, happy hour, we're offering up a guide to this year's Oscars. Joining us today are our fellow pop culture Happy Hour hosts, Linda Holmes. Hey Linda. Hello and Glenn Weldon. Hey, Glenn. Hey, Aisha. It's great to be here with all of you to talk about the Oscars for our big Oscar show. We are going to obviously spend some time on Best Picture first, since that's the big ticket award of the night, and a couple big blockbusters earned nominations.


Steven, do you wanna set those up for us? Sure. We've got Wicked Set before the events of the Wizard of Oz. This musical is the origin story of the Wicked Witch of the West. It stars Ariana Grande and Cynthia Arrivo. What a good clip. Perfect Clip. I knew that was gonna be the moment that we chose. Never Let It Be said that that movie does not end on a strong note. The other big, big, big blockbuster. You've got Dune part two. Timothy Chalamet returns as Paula Tradies, who must now contend with a group called the Harkens who have seized control of the planet May thy knife chip and shatter.


I was definitely thankful for those recaps for Dune part one. Before I watched this One, did you try to read the Wikipedia page about Dune part one before going into Dune part two? Because I was more lost than I was going in. Try the books if If you think it's daunting, try The books. Yes, yes. Well, okay. There's also a handful of smaller but no less ambitious movies that were nominated. And to some degree, I think this crop we all really liked and admired quite a few of these. So Linda, can you give us the rundown on these films? Absolutely. Conclave is a fun and twisty look at the secretive process by which a pope is replaced. Ray fines plays the cardinal leading the process.


If you want to defeat Esco defeat. This is a conclave, Aldo. It's not a war. It is a war And world's most smooth segue in the Substance. Demi Moore plays an aerobics instructor who wants to stay in the spotlight. So she turns to a strange black market drug. Remember, there is no she and you, you are one. Respect the balance and you won't have any more inconveniences. Yeah, exactly. Like picking a pope. It's basically the same thing. It's pretty much something. Nickel Boys is the story of two black boys who form an unshakable bond at a Segregated reform school in the Jim Crow South. There are four ways outta nickel serve your time or age out court mine, Naveen, If you believe in miracles, you could die.


They could kill you, You can run. Those are all very different, but like I said, very ambitious in their own ways. So yeah, it's nice to see them in the mix here for sure. And then of course we've got the more traditional best picture nominees here. Glen, tell us about this group. Yeah, we've got one of those biopics, a complete unknown Timothy Shami playing a young Bob Dylan. The movie follows his rise in the music world. How many roads must call him a man? Six. Six is the answer. We've got the Brutalist Adrian Brody plays a fictional Jewish Hungarian architect who relocates to the United States after World War ii.


I Would like to draw something and then present it to you. You'd like to win the commission? Alright. Yeah. Ah. And you know, for the past several years we've seen international features nominated in the best picture category. And so this year I'm still here actually earned a nomination. It's set in 1970s Brazil, when it was under a military dictatorship. And it tells a story of a mother dealing with a disappearance of her politician husband. And finally we've got two movies that have been making lots of waves.


Waves. We're calling 'em waves now. Okay, We'll we'll talk a little bit more about that in a second. But they've been on the scene since way back at Canne, the Canne Film Festival last spring. Steven, what have we got here? Well, we've got a Nora Sean Baker's movie about an enterprising sex worker who marries the immature son of Russian oligarchs. So you wanna get married to me, Vanya? You want me to be a little wifey? Yeah, Giz This accent. Yes. And then there's Amelia Perez. It is about a trans Mexican cartel boss who disappears from the criminal underworld and eventually reunites with her family after creating a new life as a woman Changing the body changes, society changing, society changes, the soul changing, the soul changes, society changing society changes at all.


Uta. Okay. Okay. Well, before we truly dig into who we think will and should win here, it's important for us to sort of briefly touch on the controversies that have arisen during award season. There's the big one. Very soon after denominations were announced in January, some old racist and Islamophobic tweets made by Amelia per star, Carla Sophia Gascon resurfaced by journalist Sarah Hokey. Now, in those tweets, the actress used slurs and other disparaging language to refer to a wide range of demographics and people including Muslims, Chinese people. And George Floyd Gascon apologized via an official Netflix statement, but continued to discuss it in interviews and she suggested there was some kind of larger conspiracy at work against her.


Now, to a lesser degree, the Amelia Perez team has also faced some flack for using AI cloning to widen gascons singing range. Amelia Perez led the Oscars race this year with 13 nominations. But I'm actually curious If you all think that these controversies have impacted this film's chance of taking home. Best picture, Linda, let's start with you and what you think will win. Well, I do think that these controversies are going to affect Amelia Perez, and that's partly because I think there are a lot of people who had a lot of misgivings about this movie anyway, and these controversies have sort of given them an opportunity to say, okay, cool, I'm gonna rule that one. Okay. I think if people were more excited about the movie, it probably would have less of an effect, but I do think that is likely to have an effect.


And that left me predicting that the Brutalist would win. Best picture. It is kind of the most traditional Oscar Z movie remaining. It is a heavy historical drama. It has a really strong lead performance from Adrian Brody who's kind of a very beloved award Z type of actor. You know, the director Brady Corbett has been widely praised for making it on a relatively small budget compared to its sweep. And despite the fact that there have been a couple of questions raised about use of ai, I think those things are gonna fall away and I think the Brutalist will win. And Just to back up a little bit, in case you haven't heard about the AI controversy around the Brutalist leads, Adrian Brody and Felicity Jones were, reportedly their voices were fed into some AI software.


And Director of Brady Corbet said in a statement that only their Hungarian dialogue was enhanced by the ai. But also The film editor said that generative AI was used as inspiration for some of the architectural drawings that are done by Adrian Brody's character. So Steven, what are your thoughts on what will win? I feel almost word for word the same way Linda does. Hmm. I feel that the Brutalist is gonna wind up reaping a lot of the benefit of some of the blowback against Amelia Petti. It's a great man, historical epic running more than three and a half hours in, in length. What could be more Oscars than that? Yeah, yeah. I mean, one thing I will note is that it's also important to remember that the Oscars are ultimately decided through rank choice voting.


Yep. Yeah. And so it doesn't have to be everyone's favorite film, it just has to be enough people's, maybe even second favorite film. And I think that is maybe what hurts Amelia Perez the most. There may be a passionate contingent putting it first, but there are going to be a lot of people who rank it 10th, not just me, and I'm not even an Oscar voter. Yeah, Yeah. But see, I think the rank choice voting is gonna help an Nora. I think a lot of people feel very favorably disposed toward that film. If they don't rank it first, it's they're gonna rank it second or third. I think the buzz around an Nora has been growing. I think this is a real chance for a scrappy little movie like an Nora to take it home. Yeah. And that's where you and I align, Glenn.


I also think an Nora is going to win. It won the Producer's Guild of America Awards. And since 2010, every winner of the PGA award has also won best picture with three exceptions. And then there was also one year where there was a tie between Gravity and 12 Years a Slave, 12 years a slave wound up winning the Oscar. So like I feel like the odds were kind of in a Nora's favor, but we shall see. So we all said who we think will win, but like who do we think should win? For me, I think a Nora should win. I think it is to me the correct choice, in part because it's averts expectations around genre.


You think it's gonna be some sort of like sort of crime movie, but it's also a family comedy and a screwball comedy and a drama. And it just feels like a movie that's of the moment in a way that most of the other films in this pack do not land. For me, it normalizes this depiction of sex work. It also has this very matter of fact take on capitalism that I don't think is either subtle, but it's not preachy either. It's just very resonant. You've just got me piggybacking off people who share my opinions. Yay. I agree. Now there are several other films in this field that I really dearly love and I could make a case for conclave. I could strangely make a case for the Substance in spite of some plot issues that I had with it.


A movie that has really stuck with me and I suspect will continue to stick with me. But a Nora, to me is made with such verve and for me it just felt like such a victory lap for Sean Baker, who's been making great movies for a long time now without necessarily a ton of major awards consideration for me, this is a film that I, I really, really dug. And it's not, again, I'm gonna keep harping on this point. It's not a typical Oscar movie. I don't know. Well Linda, I know you were not a huge fan of this and we don't have to get into why. And also like I love that we have different opinions on this show. So I am curious as to what you think should win.


I Ultimately went with Nickel Boys. It's the one that I thought was the most emotionally rich and satisfying. It's also the one that I think was the most innovative in terms of filmmaking. People have talked a lot about the first person point of view camera work here from the director Ramel Ross. I think that's really interesting. I think there are some very interesting decisions about what to give away and what to withhold. I think he got some really wonderful work out of the actors in this film. If we're gonna have a big party where we honor people making movies, I want wanted to be something like this. You know, for me, everything else, there was some reason not to pick it.


Whether it was, you know, controversy or you know, for me the en Nora thing of sex workers who sort of turn out to just want to be hugged to me is, is not that interesting and actually is a pretty familiar trope from film. This is what I picked. I picked Nickel Boys As did I, I thought I was gonna be out here all alone. But I join you Linda. I think I'd like to see the Academy rewarding any innovation, any tweaking of the format. And it's not just that it's told from, you know, through the character's eyes, the use of that could have easily been just a distracting gimmick. Right? But it's used so smartly to serve the story and to serve the emotions of the story. And not for nothing. This film has a closing montage that's like five, 10 minutes long that also could have been confusing, disorienting.


But the director Ramel Ross is going back to his experimental film roots. That montage took you by the hand, it guided you along in such a confident and assured way. You knew exactly what was happening, which is yet another reason. The fact that we didn't get a nomination for directing or cinematography or editing cinematography. Yeah. Bizarre. How Did this not get nominated for cinematography? Yeah. You know, what are we awarding here? Outstanding achievement of these 10 films. This is the outstanding achievement. I would be so happy to see this one. It has stayed with me months later and I think it's just such a beautiful film that I, I need to rewatch. I definitely need to rewatch and I think it rewards rewatch. So, and we should also note that Nickel Boys is actually released by Amazon MGM Studios and Amazon supports NPR and Paste distribute some of our content.


You're listening to The Sunday Story more Oscar predictions When we come back. Since Donald Trump took office in January, a lot has happened. The White House budget office ordered a pause on all federal grants and loans. The impact of the Trump administration's tariffs is already being felt and Circuit Trump's efforts to radically remake the federal government. The NPR politics podcast covers it all. Keep up with what's happening in Washington and beyond with the NPR Politics Podcast. Listen, every day. Oh, hey there. I'm Brittany Luce and I don't know, maybe this is a little out of pocket to say, but I think you should listen to my podcast.


It's called It's Been a Minute and I love it. And I think you will too. Over the past couple months, over 100,000 new listeners started tuning in. Find out why. Listen to the It's Been a Minute podcast from NPR today. Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast every weekday. We bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we're already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR. We are back with The Sunday Story from Upfirst as we hear more Oscar predictions from the team over at pop culture.


Happy hour. So another note I wanna make is that we are going to be making these next predictions before the Screen Actor Guild Awards have come out at the time of this recording. So ordinarily, as I did with the best picture, I would've kind of like dug into my, my back and looked, oh, who won SAG awards? And that would've helped inform my opinions. Here. We're just out here Being brave. That's All. We're being brave. We are out here naked, just sheets of the wind. We're we're doing that. How would we ever make an accurate prediction from this field? I have no idea. So let's move on to the acting categories and let's start with the lead actress category. Steven, who is nominated here, Cynthia Arrivo for Wicked Arrivo plays alphabet in this origin story about the wicked witch of the West.


Ah, Sorry, we just got it. Every time. Every time. Fernanda Torres for, I'm still here. Torres plays a mother and activist whose life is upturned when her politician husband goes missing during the military dictatorship in Brazil. Mikey Madison for a Nora Madison plays a New York sex worker who marries the son of Russian oligarchs. Carla Sophia Scon for Amelia Perez. Scon plays the titular. Amelia Perez, a trans cartel leader who leaves the criminal underworld to begin a new life. She's the first openly trans actress or actor of any gender nominated in an acting category. And then we've got the presumed front runner. Aisha, I don't think you need the SAG awards to predict this one.


To me, Moore for the Substance Moore plays a TV aerobics instructor who turns to a mysterious black market drug to stay young. I need you. 'cause my myself, we, you, you, you gotta, you, you gotta get ready. It's our big, it's our big night. Come on. They're gonna love you so much. All right. And I'm pretty sure that we all think Demi Moore is going to walk away with this award. Linda, why do you think she'll win? Well, I mean some of it is just forecasting based on, you know, awards already won and sort of critical reaction already received. But also I think she has exactly the kind of story that often does well at the Oscars.


Demi Moore has been around for a really long time, and she talked about this at the Golden Globes. She was originally kind of pigeonholed as a, like a pop movie actress, right? As she put it, a popcorn actress. And I think she's been really good in a number of different things for a long time, but not the kinds of things that necessarily got her awards recognition. You know, first of all, people tend to think it's very brave when you go through some sort of body transformation and do something that looks ugly and gross. Especially If you are a woman who came up as a kind of conventionally beautiful woman. So that tends to weigh in her favor. I also think she's just one of those people who's worked with a gazillion people over the course of her career who all seem to have a reasonable amount of affection for her.


She doesn't seem to be somebody who has for some reason made enemies in her long time in Hollywood. And sometimes that really helps just to have been around forever acting with a ton of people working in a ton of projects. I think that's gonna do it. I think she will win. Yeah, If you're looking for any kind of dark horse in this race in terms of somebody who has the potential to win, I wouldn't 100% rule out Fernando Torres who gives a pretty magnificent performance. And I'm still here, who really carries that film and who is a very, again, a veteran actress who has done a ton of great work. I don't think she will win against Demy Moore, but this is definitely one of the most heralded performances of the year and one that I could see slipping through.


Well, and I do wanna add, you know, it's easy now to look at this and be like, oh yeah, it's gonna be to me more obviously Ho-hum. But like, go back to reading this script, right? Oh, absolutely. Go back to the moment when this script great shows up. Yeah. And you look at it and it's like, I mean, now it feels like she is, to me, Moore's gonna cake walk to the, to the best actress Oscar for this horror movie in which she winds up as a blob of tissue by the end of the, I mean, so Catherine Heparin did it, the Un, the unlikelihood of getting recognized for horror, the unlikelihood of getting recognized for something as strange as this movie is, this is not something you would take thinking like, I'm gonna cakewalk to an Oscar for playing this part.


Now Glen, who do you think should win the award? I think I have a sense of who you're thinking here. Yeah, it's, it's to me it's Will and should. Yeah. I mean, for all the reasons we've talked about. Plus it's the only shot this very weird movie has at a major award, one of the big five. So yeah, let's give it, I absolutely think she's deserving and I will be thrilled if she wins. However, in this category, I decided to go with Cynthia Arrivo and I'll tell you why. Yeah, I get that. Yeah. Wicked has sort of fallen out of most of the major Oscar conversations at this point in its life. And I think that's a shame because I don't think it's a perfect movie. I think a lot of its charm comes from the source material and the performances.


But to me, the last 15 to 20 minutes, oh man, of that film, which include obviously define Gravity, which obviously became immediately a meme in a TikTok sound. And you know, there were things of like a dog on a broomstick going up into the sky with It's me, It's me. I think that sequence is good enough that that is what a movie star who is a good actor is supposed to do. And when you put on top of it the fact that I think it is a hell of a performance of a really good song, like what am I asking for? Right? Like, what am I asking people for? If not this, what am I rewarding?


If not, not this. I picked Cynthia Vo, I have no regrets, None at all. I love it. I love that Solid pick. Steven, who do you think should win? I went with Mikey Madison for a Nora, I think the movie falls apart if she doesn't give a great performance. I think she manages to bring just huge amounts of charisma and energy. This performance could so easily have dipped into caricature. And maybe Linda thinks it did dip into caricature, I don't know. But I really found this to be just like a very vibrant and committed performance from somebody I can't wait to see in more movies. No, I think she's wonderful. I think she is absolutely wonderful. I think the charisma that you talk about is a hundred percent real.


My issue is with the ending, I think the ending sells out the character and sells out what the movie was doing at the beginning. But it's only the ending that irritated me. I get That. Yeah, I get that. I mean, Steven, you and I are aligned. I also would really love to see Mikey Madison take this home. I've been a huge fan of hers ever since she was in Better Things. The great Pamela Adlon show as one of her daughters. I've seen some criticisms of The film as being like a movie where we don't learn much about the Mikey Madison character And that she's just this OneNote, you know, sex worker. And I disagree with that hard. I think that just because we don't learn every single detail about her backstory, that doesn't mean that she's not a fully realized character.


I think that there are just these so many great moments and interactions that hint at both her social class, her status in life. And I think the ending actually is one of the great endings. But look, we are not here to deliberate that. I'm just here to say that I loved Mikey Madison and look, I'd be happy if Cynthia Arrivo won. I'd also be happy if Demi Moore won. I Probably had my a Nora expectations raised too high. That's probably part of what happened. So that's Also possible. All right, well let's move on to the nominations for actor in a leading role. Glenn, why don't you set that up for us? Sure. We've got Coleman Domingo for Sing Sing. Domingo plays an incarcerated man who finds purpose by acting in a theater troupe.


We've got Ray fines for conclave finds, plays the Cardinal who is managing the process of finding a new Pope. We've got Sebastian Stan for The Apprentice. Stan plays a young Donald Trump establishing his career in real estate and his relationship with the attorney Roy Cohn. And then we have the two presumed front runners, Adrian Brody, as we've talked about for the Brutalist, Brody plays a visionary Hungarian architect who moves to America to rebuild his life after World War II and Timothy Chalamet for a complete unknown, he plays Bob Dylan. All right, so I am gonna go first here because I guess I'm the only one who is convinced that Timothy is probably gonna pull off a Rami Malick here. Really? I, I was looking at sort of this entire crop of nominees and unlike with the best actress category, there's not really any that are like transformative in like the traditional way.


Yes. Like In the Gary Oldman as Winston Churchill Or you know, the whale Brendan Fraser, like that kind of thing. DiCaprio and the Revenant. Like that's not happening here. And so I think for me, we can never underestimate the enthusiasm of the Academy's Boomer and Rockus membership as well as its tendency to love actors who play real people. Again, Rami Malick and Bohemian Rhapsody, will Smith and King Richard, Gary Oldman, Killian Murphy, Daniel J. Lewis, Colin Firth, on and on and on. Like over the last 15, 20 years, a lot of the, the winners in this category have been playing real people. And I don't know if the Dylan cosplay on SNL hurt or helped X's chances.


I think maybe it's possible they just kind of neutralize them. I feel as though Timothy has a very good shot and I would not be surprised to see him wind up with the Oscar. I think one thing I would add to that is that he has been campaigning his rear end off Yes. For months and months. And that does come into play. I mean, you talked about SNL where he appeared on SNL as the host and the musical guest performing Dylan songs. Like he is really trying to win this award And that does factor in. But for him to win he would've to escape the gravity. Well, of Adrian Brody in the Brutalist, which is the uber traditional choice, you watch that movie.


Yeah. And his performance is a series of Oscar clips. You keep waiting for them to cut away to him sitting in the audience and people clapping around. Yeah. It's impressive. But it's the default Choice. Listen, I like little Timmy. I think if little Timmy is gonna win an Oscar this year for either of the two snotty little megalomaniacs that he played in movies this year, it's obviously it, it will be this one Sunsets and Seagulls smell of Buttercups. Your songs are like an oil painting at the dentist's office. You're kind of a, I think he plays a a pretty good snotty megalomaniac. But I do think that the movie is not good enough. And I think the movie itself has too many weaknesses.


But I agree with Glen that the Brody performance is more, you know, traditionally Oscar ZI think the Academy loves him. That's the direction I think they're gonna go. I'm the only one here. I'm standing alone here on my club Chalamet boat. Look, I think Timothy Chalamet is going to win an Oscar. Yes. At some point. I'm not sure if it's for this film. I'm a little higher on this film than Linda is. I really love, really all three of the central performances in this film. For me. I mean, Adrian Brody, it is a great Oscar winning performance. He's terrific in it. Even if I think that film kind of careened off the rails And that second half his performance is so solid at the center of it that it never crashes into the ditch.


Steven, we are gonna have to have a beer sometime and discuss how you are anti traditional Oscar movies and pro a complete unknown. Thank you. I have been trying to make these things connect for ever since I found out how much he likes this very boring movie. But we're gonna have a beer. It's not for today. Yeah. Not for today. We're gonna have a beer and have it out. There's Not as much contradiction there as you think Mystified. I Think Brody will and should. But I do wanna put in a word for that. Coleman Domingo performance, which I think is magnificent in Sing Sing a movie I would've loved to have seen in the best picture field. I think it's a terrific performance and a very, very good movie. Well, Steven, you're happy because I picked Coleman Domingo for should win. Oh, great. I think he makes that film a hell of a lot more compelling than it could have been. Yeah.


On paper, after all, it is, let's face it, a feel good movie about the Carceral state. I just get itchy whenever there's any kind of narrative, any kind of marginalized group. And the narrative is, well, at least they have Shakespeare. You know, I just, I that that rubs me the wrong way. But I Don't think that's what that movie does. No, not at all. He is the reason that a film that could have been about, you know, this very tidy kind of neoliberal uplift has any real grit in the gears at all. He's the thing that makes it work. Yeah. I Just wanna point out, they're not staging Hamlet. Yeah, they're, they're, they're staging their own weirdo show that has like a little tiny smidgen. There's mummies, there's time traveling. Yeah, There's, You're missing Hamlet. It's not that there's staging Hamlet. Hamlet is just a tiny part of that bonkers production That also has Freddy Krueger.


Yeah. Yes. I also chose Coleman Domingo. I think this is a spectacular performance. First of all, I think he's possibly our most charismatic and reliable actor working right now for me. I would not disagree with that. He is perhaps the actor most able to elevate literally anything. But I don't actually think he has to here. 'cause I think this is a wonderful film. Yeah. And I will also say, we talk a lot about sort of what I would consider to be like side factors that affect not wanting to vote for things, whether it's AI or it's controversy or something like that. I will freely admit there are some side factors here that make me root for this film, including, you know, a lot of the actors in it are in fact formerly incarcerated people who were part of this program, some of whom worked on the story.


They also had a really interesting, and I encourage you to read about this. I, I won't explain the whole thing, but a really interesting compensation scheme in which everybody sort of got paid the same to work on The film no matter who they were. So I love this movie. It should have been nominated for Best Picture. I rate that it wasn't, and Coleman Domingo Rules and Is King forever. So Yeah, look in a just world Clarence Macklin Yes. Who is one of the other performers in this movie, and a formerly incarcerated person who contributed to the storytelling of this film would've also been up here in this category because he, to me, gives just as good of a performance.


But I am glad that Coleman Domingo is here and I am with you both Glen and Linda, that I think he should win. So it sounds like Glen Linda and I are for are right Coleman Domingo Say it. We're right. You've Actually fully talked me into this. I was on the fence, Unanimous pro Coleman Domingo, bullying For the Win. No. You know what? If you're gonna bully me in any direction, bully me in the direction of Coleman Domingo, who's genuinely one of the best actors in the world. A late stage change in the Numbers four for Coleman Domingo Deathbed Conversion. Yes. That brings us to the end of this big Oscars extravaganza show, Glen Weldon, Steven Thompson and Linda Holmes.


Thanks so much for being here. We all owe each other beers at this point. Oh, absolutely. We'll make it happen. Absolutely. Thank you, Aisha. Thank You. Beers and fights. Thank you, friend. If you'd like to hear more discussion about this year's Oscars, check out the full episode on the pop culture Happy hour podcast. Available wherever you get your podcast. This episode was produced by Liz Metzker and Andrew Mambo. It was edited by Jessica Re and Jenny Schmidt, The Sunday Story team, and includes Justine Yan and Leanna Strom. Irene Nucci is our executive producer, Upfirst. We'll be back tomorrow with all the news you need to start your week.


Until then, have a great rest of your weekend.


This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, You can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from Amazon Pharmacy. Sometimes when you go to pick up a prescription, You can get sick with sticker shock. Amazon Pharmacy has upfront pricing, so the only surprise is how fast your meds will arrive. Healthcare just got less painful. Amazon Pharmacy.


This message comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see capital one.com/bank for details. Capital one, NA member FDIC.