
Don't tell us what we're gonna feel. I'm not telling you I'm lost because you're no position to dictate that. Remember this? No, I Heed Exchange in the Oval Office in front of reporters and a minerals deal left unsigned. I'm Aisha Roka. And I'm Scott Simon. This is Upfirst from NPR News. The meeting with Ukraine's President Volo Mayor Zelenskyy began smoothly with President Donald Trump touting his role as a peacemaker between Ukraine and Russia, But it ended in shouting will have the details and the reaction from Kyiv Demotions at the Department of Justice, including lawyers who worked on the January 6th cases. Also, the Department of Agriculture's plan to fight bird flu and high egg prices.


Stay with us. We have the news. You need to start your weekend.


Wait, wait, don't tell me Fresh Air Upfirst NPR News now. Planet Money. TED Radio Hour throughline. The NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcasts You can enjoy. Sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more at plus dot npr.org.


This month, shortwave is diving into the science of psychedelics. Chances are you've heard of drugs like LSD and Magic mushrooms or psilocybin. Now some researchers are making new drugs inspired by psychedelic compounds with a key difference. They're taking out the trip. We just move things around a little bit here and there. Hear about how it works on Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR


At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry About planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.


There is Shock and dismay in Ukraine after President Zelenskyy was berated in the Oval Office by both Vice President JD Vance and President Trump. You're gambling with World War II and what you're doing is very dis disrespectful to the country, this country. I'm with respect to you. Far more than a lot of people said respect they should have. After the meeting, the White House canceled a joint news conference and the Ukrainian delegation canceled plans to sign a treaty with United States on sharing Ukraine's mineral resources. Trump had said this deal was key to organizing a ceasefire with Russia and Paris. Joanna Kakis joins us now from Kyiv. Thanks for being with us.


Thanks For having me. Scott. How would you describe the reaction you're experiencing there? Well, Scott, I would describe this the, the reaction as outrage laced with panic. The US is Ukraine's most important single ally and Zelenskyy himself has said repeatedly that it will be very hard for Ukraine to keep defending itself against Russia without US support. I got several text messages from Ukrainians I know saying, oh no, it's, it's over. And they wondered with the Trump administration embracing Russia, what will happen to Ukraine? And now this is the panic talking. But what's been louder than the panic has been The anger Ukrainians are rallying around Zelenskyy recording TikTok videos, supporting him and writing on social media likening President Trump and Vice President Vance to schoolyard bullies who set out to humiliate and browbeat Zelenskyy.


One prominent Ukrainian politician, Mussaf Vanaya posted a godfather meme and wrote quote, this administration doesn't just dislike us, they despise us, not just Zelenskyy, but us as a country, as a problem, as an annoying obstacle in their cozy world of backroom deals. Have you heard from Ukrainians specifically about the Vice president's claim that President Zelenskyy hasn't shown gratitude to the us? We spoke to Ukrainians about this last night at the key food market. They brought it up and this idea that Vance thinks Zelenskyy isn't grateful, and they pointed out that Zelenskyy has literally thanked the US almost every single time he speaks publicly.


They found it baffling that Vance would claim this. Since it's easy to check a Ukrainian soldier, Denise lov, he told us that Ukraine and the Trump administration have two different goals, I think has a main difference in that Ukraine wants peace, but Trump won't make a deal. That's a huge difference in our politics, in our vision to how we want to end the war. So Scott making peace versus making a deal. Joanna, based on your conversations, what do Ukrainians seem to hope what'll happen next? Well, I hear many Ukrainians saying, look, let's work more closely with Europe where ties are already strong. Zelenskyy is now in London and it is preparing to join a European conference on Sunday.


European union leaders have publicly defended Zelenskyy, including the eus top diplomat. Kay Cos she wrote on social media that the free world needs a new leader now. And it's up to us, the Europeans, to take this challenge here in Ukraine. Political analysts say Zelenskyy is in a terrible spot since Trump seems to dislike Zelenskyy and seems to openly favor Russian president of Vladimir Putin. Here's Alessandra cry of the North America director for the Ukrainian Prism Foreign Policy Council in Cave. Putin does what Trump wants. He praises him. He compliments him. He speaks about the reestablishing economic ties and Zelenskyy speaks about justice. Zelenskyy speak about weapons. Zelenskyy speaks about defending Ukraine. So everything that Trump doesn't want to hear and doesn't want to do, But cryo did say he expects Zelenskyy to keep trying to get through to President Trump.


And bureau Joanna k kisses in Kyiv. Thanks so much. You're welcome. Friday, the acting US attorney in Washington DC demoted several senior lawyers in the office, including lawyers who oversaw cases against President Trump's political allies and the January 6th rioters. It is the latest punitive action taken by the Trump Justice Department against career prosecutors. NPR Justice correspondent Ryan Lucas joins us. Ryan, thanks for being with us. Thanks For having me. What can you tell us about these demotions Well sources tell me and our colleague Kerry Johnson, that the acting US attorney in Washington DC Ed Martin demoted at least seven top prosecutors in the US Attorney's Office here.


One of them is John Crab. He was a a supervisor in the office. He was involved in the cases against Trump allies, Steve Bannon and Peter Navarro. He also oversaw January six cases. Another prosecutor is Greg Rosen. He led the Capital Seeds unit, that's the unit that prosecuted January six cases. And then two of the other attorneys who were demoted worked on two of the most high profile cases to come out of the Capital riot investigation. One of the attorneys helped lead the prosecution against Stuart Rhodes. He's the leader of the far right oath keepers extremist group. Rhodes was convicted at trial of Seditious Conspiracy. One of the other attorneys helped spearhead the case against Enrique Tario, the former head of the Proud Boys Extremist Group. Tario as well was convicted of seditious conspiracy at trial.


So the bottom line here is all of the attorneys who were demoted were senior prosecutors with a lot of experience and now they're being reassigned to basically entry-level jobs. Was the reason given, Well, one source tells me that Martin notified these individuals by email and at least one of the emails. Martin said that every US attorney has to assess the needs of their office as set forth by the president and the Attorney General and in essence their priorities. And therefore these senior prosecutors were being reassigned effective immediately. I mean, at least one of the emails ended by saying this change is not temporary. Now I'm told that some of the senior prosecutors were assigned to misdemeanors, which is where brand new prosecutors in the office are usually assigned.


Others were demoted to what's known as the intake section, which is also for junior folks in the office. One person I spoke with described these demotions as pure political retribution for working on cases that the Trump administration does not like. Now, I contacted the US Attorney's office about these actions for comment. It did not respond, but this is not the first time that Ed Martin, the acting US attorney here, has taken what appear to be retaliatory action against the office he leads. He previously fired more than a dozen prosecutors in his office who worked January 6th cases. So this is just the latest turmoil to hit the US Attorney's Office here in dc, which is one of the most important in the country. And what could this mean ahead for the Justice Department?


Well, first off, these demotions and firings of career prosecutors for what appear to be retaliatory reasons are all being undertaken by an administration that says it is ending the politicization of the Justice department. That's something that we hear quite often from Trump's attorney general, Pam Bondy. But Justice Department veterans say the DOJ under the Trump administration has cut breaks for Trump's political allies. For example, moving to drop the case against former re Republican Congressman Jeff Fortenberry. You can also point to prosecutors withdrawing from an investigation against a sitting Republican congressman Andy Ogles. And then of course, there's the department's decision to drop the corruption case against New York City mayor Eric Adams.


Adams has pledged to cooperate with the Trump administration's immigration enforcement. The decision to drop that case set off an uproar. More than a half dozen veteran Justice Department prosecutors resigned in protest. That includes the acting US attorney in Manhattan who said that there was no good faith basis for dropping the Adams prosecution. So all of these things have really rattled the Justice Department and the career that apolitical career folks who worked there. So this is undoubtedly a very, very turbulent time for the Justice Department. NPR Justice correspondent Ryan Lucas. Thanks so much. Thank you, Scott.


Think the cost of eggs is high. Right now, the Department of Agriculture says that prices could rise more than 40% this year. Since 2022, poultry farmers have cued more than 166 million chickens to prevent the spread of bird flow. This week, the USDA announced it will spend up to $1 billion to fight the virus And to help ease the egg shortage, the US is importing 15,000 tons of eggs from Turkey. Leah Douglas covers agriculture and energy policy for Reuters and has been closely following this outbreak. Thanks for joining us. Thank you so much for having me. So Can you give us a sense of just how serious to spread of bird flu is?


Well, for poultry farmers, it's really a significant issue. We've actually seen some of the biggest flocks and some significant outbreaks just in the last few months. And so for poultry farmers, it's a major concern and also for dairy farmers who are seeing the virus spread and dairy herds as well. And what is the threat to humans and other animals? So the primary threat to humans right now is in the farm worker population that's working with the sick animals. So the CDC has reported 70 cases of bird flu among humans in the past year, and the vast majority of those cases were among poultry farm workers or people working on dairy farms, perhaps milking the cows.


Beyond that, the CDC hasn't yet reported any cases of human to human transmission of the virus that would be more concerning about its potential for human spread. But they're monitoring that very closely And one person has died from this. Yes, one person in Louisiana did die from bird flu last year. Is the bird flu outbreak, is that what's responsible for high egg prices or is there more to it? Bird flu is definitely a major factor why egg prices are high. I was at a conference this week where the Department of Agriculture's chief economist was presenting on this issue. He said that the laying flock, that's the chickens that lay our eggs, is down about 10% from where the country would want it to be to keep up with demand.


So there is a real supply constraint. There have also been questions about whether egg companies are maybe taking advantage of this moment of constraints supply to hike prices higher than they really need to be. And some lawmakers have asked for an inquiry into that as well. What Is the government's plan to combat bird flu and and lower the price of eggs? What will it entail? Well, newly appointed Secretary of Agriculture, Brooke Rollins on Wednesday announced a plan and a big chunk of it goes to helping farmers, particularly poultry farmers, increase what's called biosecurity on their farms. So basically the efforts they can take to keep wild birds that might be sick off their property to make sure that technicians and workers and other folks coming onto the farm aren't bringing the virus.


So the agency is putting about $500 million towards those efforts of prevention really. And then there's also some effort that the agency is taking to look into vaccination of birds, which is something that was also happening under the previous Biden administration looking into vaccines for chickens and cows as well as another sort of preventative approach. Well, about those vaccines, because scientists have developed a a vaccine, but I gather it's not widely used. Why isn't it being used? That's right. The USDA hasn't yet said that we should be vaccinating either poultry or cows against bird flu. And some of that is because there's still ongoing research.


The agency is still collecting information. The poultry industry is divided over whether to use vaccines. So the farmers who grow laying hens, they do support vaccines because as we've talked about, that's primarily the chickens that are being affected by the spread of the virus. They really want that to stop. The growers who produce chickens for meat have been less impacted and there's also potential trade implications from vaccinating those animals. And so there's a divide in the industry that the agriculture secretary has said she's still thinking about whether to move forward with a vaccine strategy. So you've been covering this story for a long time. What are the experts telling you needs to happen to get this outbreak contained?


Experts are really telling me that this situation is unprecedented. That was a word used by the USDA's chief veterinarian in a presentation this week. There's a lot of support for a vaccine strategy as a way of really trying to prevent this from continuing to spread. Farmers are already implementing biosecurity measures, and so there's already a lot of efforts underway, and I think there is increased attention to, do we need to move to a vaccine because the efforts that we've been doing for the last few years clearly have not controlled the outbreak. That's Leah Douglas, an agriculture and energy policy reporter at Reuters. Thanks for talking with us. Thank you for having me.


And that's Upfirst for Saturday, March 1st, 2025. I'm Aisha Roscoe. And I'm Scott Simon Martin. Patience produced today's episode with help from Gabe O'Connor, Fernando Naro, and Gabriel Donoff Editing, and so happy to be doing so are Christian Dave Cullimore, Shannon Rhodes and Melissa Gray who say they enjoy this perpetual state of bliss because they have such great colleagues, including Our director, Andrew Craig, our technical director, Andy Hether, And the engineers who help us out. David Greenberg, Zach Coleman and Arthur Halladay. Laurent. Evie Stone is our senior supervising editor. And Sarah Lucy Oliver is our executive producer.


They're happy to work with the ever delightful, just a shining light. Jim Kane, our deputy managing editor, and we are too. Well, I'm not you Aisha, but tomorrow on The Sunday Story, wicked Enclave, a complete unknown, plus seven other movies up for best picture. The team at pop culture happy hour makes their Oscar predictions. You can listen to find out how they compare with your own. And for more news, interviews, sports and music, You can tune into Weekend edition. It's on your radio. Yeah, yeah, right now. Right now. Go to stations.npr.org to find your local NPR station.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Rosetta Stone, an expert in language learning for 30 years. Right now, NPR listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership to 25 different languages for 50% off. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash NPR.


This message comes from Squarespace offering a library of professionally designed website templates. Grow your business with a customizable website. Visit squarespace.com/npr for 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.