
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy. the show Shit. Feel like new your way. Do You, right? Yeah. Nah, me and Flip really going to have to do some work today, nigga. You started talking about, you started talking about Clone Babies. Nigga, you fucked me. Had to put my head down the insulator, the incubator baby. What was that called?


Called? Shit, we don't need Know some AI video about that ain't ai. Yes, it was ai. No, that's the, the image was ai. But the the thing, what they're doing is real. It believes in that Parks. He read, what was it? Incubator babies. He dead ass. It is like a baby farm. It's like a baby farm where they really have audience. Yo, check this out so much. Mic check. Mic check. Mic check. It is me, Joe Button. It is me. Joe Button here. Me and Flip and Parks are really gonna have to work to counteract Mel Ish and Mark with all this newsy bullshit. All right. It's like six Trump topics on the board. Yeah, because I seen Mel go to the board, then I seen Mark go to the board and It is just saying that half of That is his board and that board right there is newsy out.


So look, I, I feel like I'm reading the news ticker right now. Just looking at you niggas. I was the Daily News nigga, Tom Square. I was the Washington. Nah. Yeah, we cracking on y'all. Okay. NY one New York one News. I hate that shit. You feel like I'm looking at the fucking, that shit be a all day too New York one shit, nigga. Yeah, same shit all day. And these niggas, yeah, feel like these niggas is Jersey Journal editors try to, try to try to get mark pound. Nigga, I thought you were trying to show me something. I don't show. Gimme five nigga. I was prepping my man. Mark is in the building. Mark Lamont. Hey research guy man. I'm so glad to be here, man. Good, good to have you.


Hey, how you got you here? Yo, what'd you say? Huh? I didn't hear you. How you got you? How you got you here? He said can you stop by? Oh, well this is what happened. This is what happened. He said like, you know, would you be interested? And then I saw y'all reaction on the podcast last couple weeks. Y'all so excited to have me here. Did I said I gotta come right away. Yeah. I gotta hurry. I, I wasn't excited. I was like, oh no, we got y didn't they look ecstatic? I said, God Yeah, the money. Well, Lamar, he a man, man. Happy to have Mark Lamar. Yeah, we are extremely all, all right, all right. Whoa. Don't start. Do not start your shit. Do not start your shit. I That is all one today.


Oh. yeah. You do not wanna fuck with me today. No, do not. Don't I I'm warning you. I am warning you. I am warning you. Wait, who with me? No, just, oh, you don't want me today? I didn't know specific. No, No. I'm giving you a warning right now. No, That she Saying she's on, she's on. It is just So It is one of your flip days. Like how I did? No, no, no, no. We just have to chill for a second. Just chill on that narrative shit. He just got here. Oh, not about him. No, no, no, no. Nah. Nigga you already to check me this weekend. I did. You showed me the picture and all that. I I didn't hold on. I volley don't. I don't care. Don't do it. Yo It is his first date Word. Welcome. We could, It is not about him, but I'm talking.


I'm Saying But. yeah, I know what you're talking about. But we could pretend to have like decor. I'm gonna chill. I watched the show. I know y'all niggas ain't got decor. Chill. I'm gonna chill man. Alright. Yo, we are reckless. You know what my favorite thing is about these niggas? Like whenever It is some tension brewing, they wait until the first minute of the show and get a cracking. I Say the very first minute of the work Day. I see did it cracking Chilling all morning. Y'all been Chilling shaking. How? But that's how it was back in the days. Y'all, y'all him. Facts. We don't all do that. It's flip that does That. Well it was him and you the last time it happened. That's not true. It me. That was minute. That was minute one. But It was him.


It's still minute one is all I'm saying. That means for the next nine hours You just gotta sit be We don't do that. I know Y'all, You know if I argue with any one of y'all niggas, I'll be laughing five minutes later. You are good at that. That Shit don't, you are Good at that. But then you go home and harp. Is that what I do? Har Don, don for being in harp. I don't harp. You are the That's you nigga. I know. It's all right bro. Man, I don't want nigga niggas Who y'all and you always Gang. Y'all both do the same shit. Me. You always gang. Two sides is The same. He har he hopps, he hopps. That nigga is the king of the he'll off too. He'll laugh. Oh, squat. Look, look what he did to me.


He squashed it with all Up. If I didn't work with y'all, I wouldn't harp Just the killer. No, no, no. Tuesday I gotta harp about with y'all Tuesday. He'd be like, yeah, that's over three weeks later dog. That didn't go come in. Yeah. You remember what you said on the 27th? He knew that. I don't remember his callback. Remember that? His callbacks be on board? Yeah. That's him. Yo, I think we have a good show lined up for y'all today. I don't know. It's possible. Why Wouldn't, I don't know. Depending on how go Mel slam the door when I was sitting outside. Yeah, she's wild. It No, I'm chill. I'm a chill. I'm just Chilling. I, I like to see it though. What Male like This? I do. I love to see it too. I like to see male like this. She can't, when nigga shoot, when the nigga pull out the Uhuh, she can't get up and walk. She gotta just take it and shoot back.


Rock it. You gotta pull out the rocket launches for niggas like me. Oh, I know. Yeah. Pull it out. I know. I'm gonna respect it. 'cause me and you talked and we had you my nigga. And when you, you gave me the point. That's our key word, yo. All I was All, yeah, y'all, y'all Amazing. My man Came, let me see here. So I'm, don't worry. But Mel, can I ask you a question? I forget. Oh man, don't worry. I'm coming. I, he can't help himself. He can't. He really can't. He can't help himself. Yo, did y'all know Mel was Russian? Russian? Where? What you mean Russian? She said that before this pie. I have, I've never heard her say She's Russian. My mom was Russian in Norwegian. You said Norwegian? No, I said both You Be duck in the Russian part. Oh, I, I don't, I can't, I can't avoid it.


But Melby, whatever the question is, Y'all know that you don't have turn yet. You know If you, if you check out my Wikipedia, I have always said this It is Russian first though, right Mel? It's Not Russian first. Her father was Russian. I don't think any nigga in here, I can't speak for them all. It's fine. I know you, you've never looked at my Wikipedia. It's fine. The point is, I Got, it was written a very long time ago. I have always said That Is you have siblings, Right? I do. How many? Three. Well no, I am my mother's only child. I'm the youngest of 11 of my father's. Oh, I got you. Yeah. Yeah. You see why my whole daddy conversation went the way that it did? Didn't he not? 'cause he had a bunch of kids. Mm.


That daddy was a Patreon episode. This is a main episode. Okay. Okay. Describe if you on On Twitter because she been on Twitter. She on Twitter. Oh, I saw you on Twitter going off. She been on Twitter attacking niggas about that shit. I, Me, You was going cry. I read that shit. She attacking him. She was getting attacked. Yo. Yo. I set you up. Got you. Nigga. If you don't, that was a, I know she did. I read it. I said don't do it. You mean Jill just take fallback. I got this. You mean the internet got to you? What's that? You mean the internet got to you? Not you, not you. I have never ever It is it four, five shoot up. I have never claimed to be completely immune to the fuck shit that people say to me.


Oh, I've never claimed to be completely immune. There are times where I just complete, I just ignore it. I don't even look at it. But on this particular day I saw a couple of stupid ass motherfucking comments that I felt like I have some time. Got You, got you. Yes. How do y'all decide when to, when to respond? Because I see Ish. I don't see you respond. I don't Do you read the comments Every No, I Don't. I say that got that shit. Miss A beat dog. My boy don't miss a beat. If I ran all the comments dog, I'd probably be somewhere in Bellevue. Oh wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. My bad. I take it back. I take it back. I forgot about that line. I take it back. I forgot about that line. Somebody sent me the comment.


Yeah, you gotta guard. We gotta start, we gotta start guarding against the, I don't read it, but somebody sent me the comment and He goes, But that happens. It does. It happens A lot. Mel, if you keep it up, I am going to blast your fucking head off of your shoulders. Yeah, if you, I let me fight with them because if you keep it up Machete to you. It is coming. Y'all made me think of a whole new, y'all made me think of a whole new contract clause. This is One person is Well that's all they did Tuesday. Corey that Yo, we could hear you niggas on a microphone. Mr.


CNN and e Nnn Elizabeth. Network News nigga, nigga Sick. These Nigga forgot where y'all at my first day, man. Nah, you're still drop out rules around here buddy. Oh, you fucking ated people. I feel you should tell that person to stop sending you ever. I, I about to say that some of that shit is informative. Honestly, he probably No, he has it. He's right. But I feel he should, some of that shit is informative. I feel that he, he Howard curse someone out if they said it's Criticism that you find informative. No, it's It is perspectives. It is a bunch of shit. No, I mean listen, they don stop.


Real question dog. They don't stop. I'm not lying. He just don't, he seen one day worth of shit. Yeah, I like a crazy person. But then, but then you welcome it You right. Messages in a row on the same day. No, but this person is not criticizing him. He's showing me the But you're welcoming it because they you're reading it. Yeah. Welcome. Some of This shit is informed. But you read them too. Right, because I, I see, I see you spying on Twitter. You be wanting fight niggas like you call niggas out to fight. Well I used to you three days ago. No, no, no. Fuck no, no, no, no it's not. No it's not. No. Don't you dare. Don't don't let them Do it. Let them do it. Okay. My let them Let 'em do it. Don't then attach my name to it. Let let it be long silence.


Let let Them do it. Okay. I'm For the rest of this episode. You better not speak up on that topic. Mm. Okay, fine. Why? Mm I can't fall off of the baby. It is still my sis but she know why. She know why y'all better stop playing with me here She be Why don't It is fucking crazy. Yeah. Do you have anything inspirational for us? I already see how today's about to go. Yo t Jakes You Got some TD Jakes. I feel like this gonna A little him maybe, perhaps.


Yo, so I, I really enjoyed my nine to five intro last pod with Dolly Parton. Right. Which made me think I do want to kind of open up the scope of how I start these things. But then I found out, oh, I see it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry but I saw the album cover and I know exactly what It's, You can't look at my screen and then go to the me pussy pod And Do your thing. Yo It Is, your shit is about to start. You can't look at my screen. Okay. I'm Sorry. That's crazy. But I'm really excited if that's the song you're Play. Wait, so then I learned over the weekend they came by to check my blood pressure. Oh.


And boy is it high again? How high is it? I'm too embarrassed to tell you. Ooh. Honestly, all the Shit y'all share here you won't share. No, he wouldn't share it off. That's the same thing Ish just said to me. He wouldn't share it off, off mic. You don't feel like there's somewhere that transparent people should draw a line Dog. Do you know This shit, I know about you. Yes. That ain't the where the line should be drawn my nigga. You shouldn't, But don't you think I should draw a line somewhere like my, yo, you sound like my embarrassing healthcare shit I should share anyway. It was, it was high enough to spook me. It was high enough to spook me. You know when you lay in the bed and just sta at the ceiling and think, yo, you know what? I might be checking. I think my time is coming. I spoke out at any moment, Yo, I think it's near like I've been, you know, I've been seeing the signs.


I Was petrified going to sleep last night, which opened up a whole new playlist for me. Okay. So I'm Music playlist. Yeah, I'm starting with my, oh man. Holy shit. It's almost time. Holy shit. That is a fool. Holy shit. My blood pressure is, oh my god. And I think it's y'all By Peloton. Y'all. I think it's y'all that's driving my shit. You don't think it has anything to do with like the amount of steak that you consume? Oh, I stopped eating until my steak. Okay. All right. You just down three days. You exercising and all that. Not the way I should be. Not the way Me either though. I'm not shooting at, I'm just saying you Could shoot at me body. Sham me. I'm not Body shaming. That's you. That's your bag. I'm good.


Fucking Stupid ass Druke. That video was funny. That's funny. That's funny. So Joe was trying to, it did kind look Like you brought back Theall. Yo. You should have had the Spanx one. You know you should have. you know what I mean. Yo, you know when I never learned in my career my whole career. Yo. That the basketball suit ain't really, ain't really your shit. Football, basketball thing Ain't the most flattering look For you. Shut up Mark. It really wasn't. It is never worked for me. No, It never really asked. I had to stop letting people just tape me. Anytime somebody tape me anytime I don't have control of the footage, something bad happens.


Mm. Alright. We going to shoot the shit Drusky behind me. We lost. He just start taping and I don't be going to nigga's pages so I don't be knowing just how popular people are. I just know Drew's killing shit. Did he Give you the jersey then? I went to his page. He got like 9 million followers. Wow. So if you post something that's not so flattering, 9 million people. I got body shamed all weekend. When you put the jersey on, like did they give you different size options? Like was large available? No, was two extra large was two acts. You Coulda went ai, you coulda went AI with yo With the fit. Yo. He couldn't fix that. They only did one because it had his name on the back today.


Haven't in all sizes with the button on the back. But They also do have male compression garments. I Also don't mind my little winter fall pouch until somebody with nine, 10 million followers post your ugly ass Turtle Looking body on their popular ass page. It is fine. It didn't change my self worth. It didn't change how I view myself. I'm not doing this with Joe. Yo. No I didn't. No I didn't. I hate y'all. I bet you get the treadmill or something soon. I bet you that. Oh no. I'm gonna start moving around.


Check Yeah man. With the target. It is how I feeling with my high blood pressure, man. Mic Check. one, 2, 1 2. Mic Check. one, 2, 1 2. Shout the wherever you might be listening from. Always for the ladies. Always for the ladies. Always for the ladies. You know this.


I said anybody here, you don't. You gotta know this. You the white whisperer. I gotta end up. Me. Me, Mr. Portugal. I have lied in Portugal. I have landed. Got properties you got over there nigga. I stop. come on. You don't know this for real. Let's just play it. Oh, It Is, you're not From what?


The Fuck That like my religion man, Waking up. Stop. I never heard. I heard a different version. No, you jz s That I heard you sing.


I think I thought I saw you try. Oh, come on man. come on. Yo. My white boy playlist of putting niggas in. I'm Telling you man. My white boy playlist. Man. We gonna start. We gonna start. I ain't, I ain't gonna drag this a long way from, I just wanna hear a little more. I just wanna hear a little More. They Pissed me off with that shit. They Pissed me off.


Who's ready to rock? Who's ready to rock? Who's ready to rock? Yeah. Consider this You. all right girl. Turn. You good. Let in right after this course we on after this we go.


Alright. Oh. Shit Off. Oh man. Oh man. Oh man. See that feels good to my soul. It's good. That feels good to my soul. Your soul today, man. No, that was nice. That was nice. Look at y'all. It wasn't what I expected. Yeah, that's my shit. So Fuck y'all. I love you somebody. But She just heard it closer On the mini Pussy pod. You can start with any songs you wanna start with.


Gonna run this one over here? I'm gonna, or the hot and Bother. Yeah, the One. Yeah. Lemme get these drops out the way. You. All right, flip and Mel and Mark, mark, mark, mark, mark. All right. What episode is this? 7 69. Welcome to episode 7 69 of the Joe Button Podcast. Brought to you by a few By Power, by PrizePicks. I'm your humble, grateful. I done forgot This shit. I'm your humble, grateful, gracious. Gracious. Highly, highly favored host.


Highly man. What have I been doing? I'm telling you. Shit is fucked up out there. My weekend was nuts. You had a little too much fun at the party this weekend. Yeah. Yeah man. But we'll get to that. Yeah. I'm Joe Button here with a few really amazing people. To my right. The amazing Melyssa Ford is in the building. Who? The who or fuck you, depending on how she's feeling. Next Berry Queen Flip. You know the vibe. You yo. Holy shit. I fuck with. Hey. Hey, fuck with me. Next to Flip is Antoine. This is his fourth year party too. That's still out. That's still his intro. It's Antoine.


Thanks. Hi Antoine. Good day sir. Good day. Take your fucking take your birth control. Birth. Birth control pills. You need something. You actually, I'm gonna leave 'em here for you dog take. You've been leaving them here leaving. I've been trying to figure out whose birth control thing this is. That they keep leaving here with the pills and the days. So you don't Oh the old. You got the old lady shit. Yeah. You keep, you need 'em here. No, I do need 'em. I'm telling you. See, and that's why I won't tell you because you'll throw my health in my fix. That's exactly why. Like below the belt. Yo. You serious. Niggas below the belt, nigga just don't want you to die. Oh my God.


Something Annie's fronting. Yo. How about we don't want anybody. There's some burdock rooting there, some dandelion. All that shit is in there for you. Oh, Thank you. I appreciate that. Alright. Being silly. Go ahead. I'm not being silly. I'm mean. I mean you just, shit. Keep leaving them here. Keep leaving them here. So you get you hooked on that burdock group. All right. Next to It is your first day at the fucking asylum. Oh, mark Lamar. Welcome, welcome, welcome. Oh man. These niggas is having a fucking jeans and hoodie verses on the couch. Oh Shit. Them type of niggas. This is they little uniform. Look them type of niggas. Cool people.


Professional as niggas type. Nigga. Look at the, look at little Spiderman. That's the attire. That's the attire. The smart niggas that got a little hood in them. Nigga. Get the fuck outta here man. And El Myra's finest parts is in the building. What's popping pose here? Corey's here. Ericson is here. Tanner. Savon here. Remotely. Last but certainly not least, teaching. Every one of you guys are here. How's everybody doing? How's everybody feeling? What's popping? What's popping? Was popping. Talk to me. You It is fantastic. Amazing. What's up man? We good? How you feeling first? How was your birthday? It was absolutely amazing. A time. I heard. I heard it. You, you would've enjoyed yourself. I really, it was absolutely Your vibe. Listen, lemme tell you something I heard it was a fucking slice.


It was your vibe for sure. And I know that I would've wanted to stay there really late. Yeah. I had to work the next day and I would've been no good. That's the only reason I didn that. How drunk Did you get? I wasn't that drunk. I'm a host. I can't be that drink. Ah, that's true. I can't be that drink. That's true. That's true. But I did smoke a fair amount of marijuana and maybe a couple mushroom nibbles. Don't do drugs out there kids. But I had a blast. Gotcha. And I definitely would've wanted to partake in all of that. So Yo, nobody asked why you didn't come. I like why You keep saying, why You keep saying, oh, I had to work and I would've wanted to stay. And nobody was requesting your presence. Shut up. I had some of the most fun at Parks Kickback that I probably had all year long.


I'm not gonna lie to you, man. We Just laughed for six to eight hours straight. Damn. Everything and everybody in there was hilarious. Yeah. Everything was hilarious. That Would've been the podcast of the year, honestly. Dead ass. Dead ass. What a time. I want to shout out Parks and his lovely wife Rim for being amazing hosts. It's our like they do know how to throw a kickback. The food was delicious. Both friend groups. Amazing. Got along. What else? And just the conversations in there. We uncovered a lot. We did. We uncovered a lot. The raisins may or may not have been a racist. The California raisins. Yeah, that's that set. The night off.


It really that That's where it started. Hmm? The California raisins. Yeah. That was racist. I'm trying to see the Angle. It was, it was a little, It was, you know, it was black face. Black face. Ish caricature. Ish. It was dark skinned glasses. The Aunt Jam. It was, yo, it looked real bad as an adult. We pulled it up. They was cooning. They was cooning. Yeah. The California Raisin White gloves. I didn gloves. The white gloves. The grapes had Gloves on. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Oh, it looks really bad. Were they supposed to be the four tops? Was that that, was that who they were kind of like mimicking themselves after?


Yeah, I heard that one before too. Okay. Yeah. Nah. Yeah. It looks bad. Yeah. In hindsight it Looks really, really, really, really, really bad. In hindsight, you gotta be pretty high to come up with that though. Word. I Ain't gonna lie. I, I'm sitting here, the commercial was 30 years ago, but I'm sitting here like, Yeah, Yeah. Shout to my man. Zeke man. He is a, he thinks different. Yeah, no, he's a trip child. Child ze. He, he'd be the greatest power in the world if he wasn't too busy farming. And he is trying to save the world. No Parks friends. It is funny, like dark. My type of humor for me, my type of dark, twisted, holy shit. He just said that type of humor. Then I got to learn about some of my friends. Oh, That's true. Like again, I learned that. I don't really know much about my friends.


I like it that way too. But sometimes like Verne was there. I learned that Verne was drafted by the Mets Facts. I know that. That's Why Did everybody know that Verne was drafted by the Mets except for me. And then they all had the nerve to look at me as if I should have known this fact about Verne. I'm like, yeah, that's exactly what I thought. Watching him run around and punch people in the face for over 10 years. I was like, yo, you know what? You might got a Nice arm. This guy comes from a really professional background. This guy could have been drafted somewhere before.


So now for the rest of the night, I'm doing Na Verne doc in my head. 'cause now he moves up the list. He has the best doc. He Has a great doc. And he, we, the baseball game was on. So it was all appropriate. He went from pitching for the Mets To The people he met from Pitchings. He once Had a promising future til he tore out his fucking shoulder blade and had to turn to the streets. Yo, it was a movie was it was a movie. Vern being drafted by the Met. Mm. That blew me away. didn didn't what? A snap effect to learn at the Kickback. Blew me Away right now.


Oh, Okay. Y'all know about Burn. Shout to Burn. I didn't know about that shit. I'm just listening. And shout out to the match. Congratulations to the New York Liberty. Huh? Hey, Congratulations to the New York Liberty. Huh? Gotta love when some bad calls go your way. Is that what happened? I'm still mad. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm from New York, like originally, so I'm not gonna argue this, but It was trash. That was a really bad call. Yeah. Trash. And to take it a step further, I think she traveled. I think that was the walk. It was the worst call. They called the N one. It was the worst five minutes officiating I've ever seen that whole overtime, that Whole game. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


I think that Links coach had every right to black out. I respect that. Like I don't wanna be gracious after I lose, Move your mic up. I don't wanna be gracious after I lose. I don't wanna talk. I don't wanna talk shit. Fuck the rest. Fuck up dude. If you losing a fucked up way. That's what I'm talking about. If you lose a fucked up way on some bullshit, but if you just lose fan square, you look like the unsportsmanlike asshole. Yeah, exactly. I ain't see it. It was egregious. So it was EG was, it was pretty re was really bad. Was pretty. But congratulations to the New York. Tough Game Day. Won one First, first championship ever. I hate when New York wins anything. Oh that's right. You're Philly. I Forgot. We forget. Fucking hate when New York wins because y'all, y'all are obnoxious.


Disgusting. Winners. Winners. Yeah. Yeah. You're from Philly, right? We are different then last, how are you guys different respect. We respectful. You know y'all got a precinct in the stadium. They got rid of the precinct, they got rid of the precinct, the batterie. This nigga, nigga always bring up the the precinct. Did any other stadium have a precinct? Yeah, they got a few. Oh, okay. Alright. But we were the first, we were like the the the the staple. Yeah. If you'll get Your ass whooped in. If you come in here on some rah Rah yo. Because people would come in disrespectful wearing other teams jerseys. That's Disrespectful as that sportsman like In Philadelphia. You you giving me my point. You keep saying Philadelphia. That's a knick building to me. Exactly.


Oh Shit. Yeah. Nigga we came up there and tore that shit up last Year. Right? Yeah. And then ain't y'all had to give away tickets to get y'all to come and reduce the price? Not, not quite. That's not what Right. But New York people Come buy up all the Tickets and Now. Y'all are gonna be a Jersey team soon. That's true. Hear me? We're gonna play in New Jersey and be a Jersey team. I mean practice in New Jersey maybe, but we're gonna have, we're gonna try and keep that stadium in Philadelphia. It gonna be be like the Giants that play in East Rutherford. Right. Same Shit. I ain't seen the Giants game. I don't know where they play. s good. Think I'm watching a Giants game. You shit me Because they got their ass Whoop by the Eagles this weekend. Listen, we are trying to congratulate the New York Liberty. Shout out to them out to women's basketball. There we go. Shout out to women's basketball Part too. Oh, here you go.


Shout. Come around. Is that a narrative? I'm just saying look, the the, they are opting out of their collective bargaining agreement now. They want more immediately they're like, we want more money the Way I was about to go. Yeah. That's Genius to me. I love that. Yeah, that's, they deserve more women's basketball deserve more Based on what? Based on the fact that it's growing as a sport and the NBA as a template. Yeah. Did the same thing. I already kicked you out my corner office. Nah, they, they, as soon as you said It is growing like a sport, I closed, slammed. You don't think It's growing as a sport. Why on Ca Clark, how many NBA WNBA Championship we celebrated on the show before. Right? Nobody cared before. Every year more people cared. Liberty Did before. Nah, I kid win Vegas last year. I kid win Vegas last year. We did, But fair enough. But even That speaks to it and South Carolina and South Carolina College.


South Carolina College. Yes. A big part in that. Like, I'm not here to argue that part. What I'm saying is they've been running a business that has been reporting losses. True. So now with the first sign of growth, y'all come in the corner office and say pay us or lockout. Cool. What about the money that we lost? But what I'm saying is I think even this year they are reporting 40 million in losses. The NBA was losing money all through the seventies. They kept dumping money into it. They kept dumping money into it. The N NBA was losing money when Magic and Bird got drafted. They kept dumping money into it until Magic. It was also paying them in crack. Nigga just Plumbers in the off season and putting them on the Greyhound, making them walk to the next venue. So, but that, but That's what's happening in the WNBA.


Yeah. The same thing. So follow the same model. Keep dumping money in. I'm not saying give everybody $20 million contracts. I'm saying keep dumping money into the league. They deserve more money than they get. Yeah. At least give them contracts where they can pay their fucking rent. Right. Y'all, y'all are not, not y'all. I'm just saying in our hypothetical, because I don't wanna talk about their process. I'm rooting for them to get paid. But somebody has to get on the other side of this. I think that y'all can't come in the first three seconds that we go in to speak to people to get our money back and say, Hey, we need more. You're, you're cut. I just don't get that. Even in the league, which most of the owners are the same, they fucking waited until all of the big money was infused in each generation.


And now we've seen it big time with the China money and the TV rights, money and so forth and so on. And now the the contracts are just ridiculous. The, the WNBA act. You have to go through your, you gotta go through your growing pains. Yeah. Sorry, This is but I'm just saying It is the the turn. What's the turn? And you know ca, Kaitlin Clark? Yeah. The white girl. Yes. Caitlyn. Mother, mother, mother. They was mistreating. So We gonna talk about you Crack you caping already, bro. They Did mistreat, mistreat Kaitlin Clark. They did mistreat. Who's they? come on. Alright, come on. I Not being funny. I I love Caitlyn Clark, but I ain't see her get mistreated if anything. I thought Angel Reese got mistreated. Mm. Yo mark. Alright. Alright. Hey y'all, this gonna be interesting.


I gotta hear This shit. How did Caly Clark get mistreated? Y'all? Why did y'all nickel macia Princess? Get, get This Shit. I'm standing up just minding my business and somebody just come knock me on the ground. They Was Fuck it up Every game. Michael Jordan, that same shit happened to Him and he got mistreated And, and when we, and we mistreated, when we rehash Michael Jordan, we said yo LeBron could never play in this generation because they was whooping Michael Jordan's ass and mistreating him, slamming him out the air. All types of, that's mistreatment. I don't think, I think It is a hard foul to get. I think rookies should get heart foul. I think any one treatment A hard foul all season long for Exactly. I'm not even going to the cop just off the strength that you popular Mark That is, come on Mis That is mistreat one better when the legends of the game, IE swoops and some of the rest of them that have been just having her under a microscope, kicking her back.


And That is also mistreatment. The white girl ain't said a word. All she did was keep getting better. All of that, all of that talk that she had to endure just by not being selected to the Olympic team. Like she don't be asking for none of this stuff. No she don't. It's all mistreatment. And look, and I'm still going and She ain't doing nigga praying for everybody paid. So now we got one now. True. We gonna have another one coming in a few years. When homegirl comes Juju ju Juju come like they coming and that's the magic of her. Let let 'em yeah. Let 'em come first before the rest of y'all just running here and start demanding the cut. Now I do want everybody to get paid and I do want you to talk about that jersey that Angel Reese had on at the game. What jersey? The little split jersey.


Oh, we got him? No, I I I i's black. She's black. Split jersey. Yeah. Yeah. She's black. It is with him. But I want him to do it for all women. Caitlyn Clark included. Don't just do it for the black women. But listen, I love Caitlyn Clark. He called That a Milk of Magnesia Princess nigga. Yeah. Fuck is you talking about? I'm talking about black men in general. I've never seen so many people came for for women's basketball because she get Ca Clark's it. But but that's what makes it genuine. That's a great one. But she's, I I'm saying we ain't got protected that much. Let her play hard like everybody else. Let her take an L like everybody else. Nobody was crying for Michael Jordan. Nobody's crying for LeBron. I'm saying let let she Did she get hard, foul hard. Yeah. And people do cry for LeBron.


They wanna, you know what, cry for Mike. That's true. They cry for LeBron. That's True. I want to get back to the winners. Let's get back to the winners again. New York, the jersey, half, half liberty, half links. Oh, I respect that. If, if neither team is mine and I'm in the finals, you can't, you can't sport, you can't wear a team. You can just wear not, you can either. Don't wear nothing. Wear my sky jersey or wear both. Which is like saying I'm just supporting the sport. What's wrong with that? Yeah, the Justice League put your cape together. Right? He Got it from Yeah, he got, he got shit Directly from Betty Ross Soldier. Shit, How was that tape?


What I'm Saying Personally I would wear No Jersey. She got that shit from like the pander version of Lids. Like, hey, I want to appeal to everybody. I know It is cameras here. This is the most fucking attention that we gonna get. So let me put on a jersey for them and a jersey for them. She's 22 so I'm letting it slide. Yes. But just know. Please do. There's a string of just what's She supposed to wear though? That's all I understand. Eddie. Do You think it Clothes? Oh you said don't wear nobody's jersey. Get dressed and go to the game. Oh, I I agree with that. I wouldn't wear no neither personally. The competitor to me is like if I, if I gotta beat one of these teams next year and both of 'em in the finals and I'm not, I don't wanna rock neither Rock. That's what I'm saying. But I'm, I'm, I'm shutting up. I'm Nobody Stylish and that's not important.


The team, I don't even think they was showing the team. I think it's solidarity with every single woman in the league. That's what I meant. Like it, it's like agree with that. The greater good of the situation is to show support for all of your fellow teammates and even your competitors. So that's what I see the I agree with if wear one, you gotta wear the split, right? Yeah. Because you, you're supporting the sport. But I wouldn't do either as a competitor. I agree with that. You do that by showing up though. I agree with Cory. You just show up and support, you know. Yeah. Whatever you do. Don't agree with these three Please. This broadcast, I'm down with you. No, no for real nigga. You put four fingers up so it's like somebody ain't That powerful. Shout and shout out to our brother Ice here with us Free Love you Ice.


Yeah we love you Freeze. Congratulations to the liberty. That white girl Sabrina was out there like she didn't go fucking one foot 31. She Was heaving them shit too. I'm so mad that the Knicks didn't get one when John Starks did that Fucking oj. But anyway, if I'm Sabrina, I carried this organization on my back the last couple years. I don't care if I shot. I couldn't hit the ocean with a rock nigga. I'm running around going crazy just like her. Yeah. Also she did good. Some of y'all kicked my back in with my commentary about the Liberty's win in the last series. Y'all kicked my back in. I just want to point out to y'all specifically that them fourth quarter lineups in the finals looked very different from them.


Fourth quarter lineups in the last series. That's all I'm gonna say to you. That's all I'm gonna say. It ain't important but them black girls that was on the bench, they wasn't so much on the bench. No more. More. What the fuck are y'all talking about? And it was making plays. Yeah. Killing. Killing. That last series shouldn't have been that rough. They put some people out there but I don't want to, Hey It is my first few years paying attention to This shit. So I don't want bring in the racism with me. It's always don't wanna do that. Shout out to the Yankees. Shout out to the Yankees and then we moving on. But shout out to the Yankees. We are in the World series. The game was on at Parks house. Yeah we crowded around the TV with Juan Soto at the bat.


He kept throwing them, kept putting bat on Ball Bop. Hey ba another one Ba. I said oh Uhoh keep playing Uhoh. It's happening already. I'm getting you. It is too late. I'm getting you timing It is happening. I'm waiting for the pitch. I like and I'm gonna give you a hundred fos and you going get tired and I'm gonna send This shit out Nigga Bow. Wow. My God he's 25 years old. He's 25 years old. Filthy. He about to get paid. Paid, paid Filthy. He deserve it. Yeah. Oh my lord man. I keep fucking with my dad saying he gonna be a Met but I don't think the Yankees gonna walk out. This is gonna be a monster series too.


Go Dodgers. Yo. And that's my point and that's my point. What's up with you man? Yo Nigga. I wouldn't care if he was playing the Klan All Stars. I'm telling You right now. I'm not the boots for the fucking Yankee. Damn. Hey man. Y'all understand. So is it gonna be the Dodgers and the Yankees? It is, yeah. Okay. That's great for baseball. But this is my thing just to come full circle here. Like we started with the liberty and the bad call. Like the theme here is it's just too much money in sports. It is money. Like we going to see who we want to see true there. Unless you blow 'em by 40, you have to win like undoubtedly like blow you out the gym. But any chance that the referees can make calls or sway the game to where the big markets that are gonna generate revenue for the sport are gonna play.


That's what's happening. Yeah. Listen, that World Series is about to generate Lord who knows what billion, billions and billion look like a all star game. Lowest tickets already. Or like thousand dollars or something. Yeah. Wow. No buy cost because I'm trying to buy tickets for my dad. All the tickets are sold out and now you gotta hit the secondary market. Yeah. And that thousand dollars number, that's not gonna be there for long. Ain't right now It is not dead. Now after I was looking at $7,000 And you upstairs with that, You might be upstairs with and behind the plate was 14 and 15,000. Yeah. Shh for one. Wow. Bicoastal LA versus New York.


I gotta send my dad that Word series. It's, it's gonna go crazy. Gotta send to the world. It's gonna go crazy. Your dad's a Yankee fan. Yankee fiend Mr. The Yankee Get him game. Get him early games though. Don't get 'em. Try don't buy no games six game seven. It's not gonna last that long. I'm just saying I don't wanna be disappointed like get 'em like a game one, game two, something like that. you know what I mean? I don't want you follow baseball. I do. Yeah. And you believe this? I do. You want, you wanna bet? No, no I'm, I'm halfway talking shit 'cause I, we go, I'm trying to wish it into existence. Here we go. I Ain't gonna lie. There we go. All go ahead. The truths come Out. Yeah. All I'm wishing that into existence. I want y'all to lose in five gentlemen. Sweet. Alright. I have the Yankees winning And how many six. If it goes then that'd be the most.


Yeah I think the Dodge have a better lineup but I think the Yankees can certainly Y don't have pitching. That's what I say. Y don't have pitching. Yeah, we have better pitching than y'all for sure. We got a few things. And when you play in New York, It is like playing in somebody's backyard. Home runs just come like little West Stadium. Yeah, does And I don't know if Tani shows up in New York with all the different places that you can place wagers. Like Tani, he might even miss the game. He, he might be on Dykeman at the spot. Oh Shit with Poppy? No with shorty short tour him both. Tour him on him. Yeah. No for sure. Alright, so what do y'all wanna get to? What do y'all wanna get to And wait before we get to it, my last thing on that players threatening a lockout thing with the WNBA.


I forgot to say when I went to Indianapolis or when we went to Indianapolis and spoke to who I'll call a source, they was like yo, we had to move the venue of the game when ca de fever came to town and when the fever left we right back to regular attendance. The army. The army armories that we've been playing in. Mm. So like let's wait till that gets a little more common is all I'm saying. Before we get to that, they definitely just, they just announced the ratings for the WNBA finals. Great. Let me hit the round. Best ever. Right? Huh? Best ever was their best ratings ever had to. Yeah, for sure. Yeah it was.


It was. Yeah. I wanna find you. There's no applause enough. Here we go. Game one, 1.1 million, game two, 1.35 million game three 1.4 million game four 1.7 million game five 2.1 million viewers. Oh Damn. That's the numbers. Yeah. That's amazing. Without Caitlyn. Without Caitlyn. No Kaitlyn. Yo. And this is the T he he as you would say that that milk would've had them ratings about five, six, 7 million milk. Oh yeah, that milk dead ass six, 7 million. Yeah, let's Just say and if she would've started showing off, 'cause she's nice, she would've started showing off out there and doing some other shit.


Yeah, they'd have went through even higher. Yeah. I think she on the ass next season again. Yeah, right back on the ass. I, I agree. Alright, let's talk about this. Hold on. Came in here. You sat down regular. You know I see a bandage on your hand. You have yet to address that. You have yet to, Somebody jumped on your ass. Yeah. Like you have yet to tell me what's going on. I asked you outside you, you wanna tell me inside and I'm worried about you. I was concerned too. Yeah Nigga like don't you jerk off the wrong way nigga. Somebody jumped on your ass again. You beat off the wrong way. I love, I love you. I was gonna say anything I was gonna ask. Hey y yo. What's up baby? I asked if nobody jumped you ain't nobody jumped on mute. Jerk off the wrong way.


Last time I had this thing on. Yeah there was a story. It was a story attached and I got jumped on. So now y'all see it and think I got jumped on again. No I don't ask. Think what happened nigga. You would've heard in the streets. I would've if I got jumped on you would've heard somehow. I'd have called you for help. I'd have called you for help. What's going on Joe? Well Friday I came into work. Friday I came into work and everything was fine and I went home and everything was fine also. I don't think I went out Friday night. Right. So everything was fine then Saturday came.


You didn't have it on Saturday? I didn't have this on Saturday. No, but it was hurting. But by the time I picked my son up on Saturday, I was in some pain in my, in my welcome to that mid forties. Welcome to the mid forties. That shit come out of nowhere, get injured, getting off the couch yo. And then as the, as the day continued. Yeah, that's really what I wanna talk about what y'all are talking about. It's a real, that's real. No it's a real thing yo. So Saturday comes, I go pick up my son and the pain gets increasingly worse as the day goes on. Is it radiating? But I don't tell nobody 'cause I'm a man. I'm a man.


That's true. I wanna even talk about that part dog for a second. I'm with you. Like I was in a lot of pain and why like men of real just stupid. Yeah we agreed. Yeah we got something in us that's just no we're tough. Universally stupid. I didn't tell nobody I love or that loves me. Somehow I thought if I just man this out, it's gonna go away. It'll go away toxic. And then I went to Park's house and had a slice. I had a blast. Oh my god. Most fun. I've had probably all year left dear and couldn't take my dirty ass straight home.


I had to just make a quick little run. I mean I'm already over here. There we go. So I hit the spot for about 10 to 15 minutes. You off for that. But even in there I now could no longer even hold my phone with my left wrist. Oh Shit I couldn't smoke with my left wrist. Now I'm kneeling down smoke like a crack, like a crack head. And when a lady would make a certain gesture around me, like if she even hit my hand, touch my hand anything, massive pain. And then that continued into Sunday and it kept getting worse and then I finally caved and told my girl was like y'all, I miss you Sir.


That's my wrists hurt. What? You said I miss you. Yeah I really love you. Your niggas are such, niggas are such bitches. When they down when they got some ailments. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was missing her and shit. Like we all to take take care of you. Take care of me. Yeah take care of me. So it wasn't until Monday when Ian and Ke got got to me that I decided to finally put this wrist to this wrist. Long story less long and notice that This shit was swollen And you know for the life of me, I couldn't figure out where this came from or what happened. I thought my son might have jumped on me in my sleep or just anything. And then they said yeah that commercial you shot Oh Shit which was Thursday.


The one With the jersey. But I was yes It was squeezing you that type you, you tried squeeze your hand through the let Nigga tell the story man what's wrong with you Mark don Fuck that Nigga At you off were you actually playing basketball? Yo Mark. Hey yo. If you trying to hit your hand on the backboard nigga told some serious shit. Y'all nigga is laughing. I'm, this is why We talk about it be the smart, it'd be the smart hood niggas that laugh at the wrong time and then you gonna make the lay on the back. He said you got hops. Lemme hear my man story.


I feel bad for my man bro that's good for you. That commercial nigga not Flipped but I was totally fine when I left. So I would've never thought about the commercial. But that's how old I am too. That I don't even know where shit is. I don't know nothing but that commercial, I ain't been on a basketball court in ages like years one, two like on a basketball court. I ain't out there just shooting like I like to be down low getting dirty elbows, jumping around doing fucking bruiser type shit. This commercial I was shooting like from the three point line like they had the racks Oh Shit yo.


So nigga risk, you were actually trying to make it make the basket? No, the point was to not make it. Oh So you're shooting in on purpose petition this eight pound ball for eight and nine hours straight and It was pound eight Regulation Ball. No they're like a pound and a half, two pounds. They're not even that. Maybe not Even that. Y'all are wrong. Eight That is a medicine ball. We could both be wrong. That's like in the gym. We could both. Yo, what's up with you bro? We can both be wrong. Basketball's Like a pound. No it's not. It's not even a pound.


Her mother found out it ain't eight pounds. Eight pounds is like exercisable. Eight pounds is a medicine though. And I'm wrong. 22 ounces Thank you. How many pounds is That? Two pounds. That's a pound, pound and a half a pounds. 16 ounces a pound. 16 Ounces. Alright so I'm dumb. Y'all pound and A quarter should Have referred to my brothers. But anyway I shot that man time more than I ever shooting a fucking game. Stupid ass wrist bang, bong bong, bong bong B and I broke some shit. I feel so less black, like I'm feeling less black. Where does the less black part come in? Because He ain an athlete because how do you break or tear something from shooting a ball as a black person. Well How often are you doing this motion in real in your regular life? I'm never doing, I'm never working that muscle.


Which is why I'm all fucked up. Yes, That's how Isaiah Thomas permanently fractured his wrist shooting too many jump shots over the summer. So if you feel like he did it too, the same thing happened. Isaiah Thomas, I'm trying to help. I love That. Make you make you Feel better. I'm not sure my contract signed making you just like Better y'all. So I inju injured myself by shooting a basketball in a commercial. Oh. And now I remember why I didn't go nowhere Friday night too. 'cause we left work, it was nice weather out. I'm sick of this all this nice weather shit that's 80 degrees in October. Let it come for Halloween when the chicks get dressed. But after that I'm ready for some gloom and some rain. But anyway, Friday night, hot weather, what do I do?


Take my hot ass out, hop in my new little You, know what I mean and drive up the street. All of 92nd drive and parked. But did yourself drive the Rari and I got out and just was around. They was in there. People that hang out on a Friday night. I was looking around in there. It's like, yo, what are you doing? Do you feel like hot stuff getting outta your ferra? That's What I'm saying, yo. I felt like the biggest loser. Like what are you doing here? You look stupid. I made a U-turn parked in the front backwards, hopped out looking like I was supposed to perform at the garden.


Walked in jewelry on. People just did having a good time. Like just broke. Like look at him looking dumb in the face. Look at him looking stupid as hell in a Ferrari nigga, it's baretta night now. Ordered me a little juice, took my stupid ass back in the house and just soaked and that's it. Stayed Home. So you injured your wrist by shooting the ball And Driving a Ferrari Damn dog. I mean next time nigga. You know, think about your man's when you shooting a commercial, man. Maybe I could have been there and helped your wrist pause. You know what I'm saying? Yeah man. No yo, nothing.


That's A big, that was egregious Crazy. I don't give a fuck. Y'all can't say nothing. Yeah, yeah. I shake, I shake the cup Actually though I'm gonna leave my own shit with them anyway. So I shake the cup nigga. But I like, I like, I like where, I like where, where your thought process is right now. Do you think that you're advertiser friendly? I am. Okay. I think they think so. I think the other company thinks so. I can't say they think so they reached out. Do You? Yeah. Do you do, do You? You just my man and I respect you so I ain't jump on it. I hit you. Yeah. Stop playing. Wait, I'm stopping you from taking an ad. You're not stopping me. But I think that it, it'll be counterproductive. Conflict of interest. I think it'll be a conflict of interest if, if the competitor is doing that and I think they're trying to just do something funny. Oh, why you sending me an email? I'm not that.


Okay. Well be clear. If it's one thing that, that's the only way I can get off would never be It is a conflict. The conflict, the second that exists, it won't exist. I'm not a block. And it assure you, Yeah, man, It's over me. Right. So you won't, You won't try to match it. Match it. What? My interest will never be in conflict. What? And not with a person out there? No, no, no. You think I like you guys. Do you think You about to x Mel? Does she think she's advertiser friendly? And I think she is. Were you gonna ask that? I was gonna ask Mel if she thought you were Advertiser friendly. Oh, damn. So You, but do you think you're advertiser friendly?


Yes. Ish Do I think so. That you are so, so I got some work to do, mark. No, for real. Too controversial. You learn. They learned him, you learned your lesson, nigga, right? Yeah. All fuck you. You was trying to stand on shit. Trump with Flip, Trying to blame you. I with Flip Nigga can fuck you. I have fallen bark. I could probably advertise something. Got it. Yeah. Techniques Nice. Whiskey Pro Tools. Yeah.


Nice Whiskey Pro. Yeah. I see. That's, that's, that's funny though, that you know that that's fine. That you know that you're controversial because It is true. It is true bit. Yeah. It makes life easier if you know that. Yeah. Just stay outta trouble. It makes sense. Kendrick and csa. CSA interviewed Kendrick for Harper. First Bazaar, I believe. Yeah. I think it was the first time they said that there was a male alone on a cover in however many years. Really? Yeah. Wow. And then let scis a do the interview. Harper's Bizarre. Yeah. That's big. That's amazing. That's dope. Well, everything he does is gonna be big poems. Eh? That's big though.


Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, I've got some quotes if you guys would like me to Break out the readers. All your readers. Girl, you got the Jet blue glasses. Nah, I'm telling you, that's the Jet Blue pack too. I'm gonna buy you some glasses, man. I'm gonna Get you some, you know what, we're gonna mark your gold ones. Do you like my glasses? I I do actually Thank you. Okay. But hey, I got you. Please do. Okay. 1.75. Well hold Up a second. Flip like a dude. Hold up for a second. A flip. A flip. What? What the Fuck was What? The Fuck that Mark. Stop. Hey, what was that? Bullet? My close. Because I wanna shit To you, to you stop, ma, please. I've been around Please. Just and d my glasses because I heard all y'all opinions about my glasses.


I'm a new person. I wanted to get nigga, she stop. She don't play. I'm sorry. My, Okay. During their candid conversation, me, during their candid conversation, Kendrick reflected on his personal growth stating the power of honesty and being honest with myself. Learning that vulnerability is not a weakness. Joe, take notes. He shared how difficult it was to wait. You think, I think vulnerability is a weakness. Your your wrist is, don't a perfect example of that shit. Right? You Do not think that about me. Your wrist is literally, I'm not Of that. I'm not gonna myself, I will not center myself. Right. That your wrist is literally an example of that right now. Because I don't want people to know, wait, what's my wrist Down?


Boom. Vulnerability. You are vulnerable. There we go. Ain't tell didn didn't. And you didn't tell anybody until it got to be excruciating pain. Oh, that's Crap. But I digress. He shared how difficult it was to shed the emotional restraints instilled in him during childhood, explaining my pops. He was tough. He never showed no weakness. He never showed any emotion that could garner a one up from the person sitting across from him. And when asked about his recent emotional experiences, Kendrick admitted now. Yeah. I have to confirming that he has been crying more frequently. Aw. I think that's lovely. That's so touching. I think That is just lovely Thank you for taking us right to the emo part of the article.


I mean, that's the big part of the article. Article. I, I guess That is, that's the first time I even heard that part about it. I've read the article, I don't even remember that part. But I mean, well, for some reason they seem to think that, you know, a strong strapping man who's like a powerhouse in the hip hop talking about his vulnerability and his ability to cry is a very big moment to share. Okay. It, it's ironic though, that The dude That he defeated so soundly in, in, in the beef is known for being vulnerable and crying and all that shit. Like It is It is It is Drake. Like Drake got clowned for it. He's getting celebrated for it. I just, and I, I'm not a Drake like fan at all. But I'm just saying it, It is interesting. Once you on top, anything you do is acceptable.


Like, like Drake could never get away with an article like that. Mm. Without getting dragged for it. I mean, that's Cap. He could, yeah. He been getting You got a wild ad out right now? I missed it. What's the ad? Oh, why is it wild? You saw it? I didn. Oh, y'all should see, should Check. I think I seen it, but y'all should see it first before I say why you got the duck mouth. No, no. That's something totally different. Yeah. Where can we find this ad on this page? I don't follow. Go look at it. But you know what? I looked at this differently than you Mark. I felt like this is him coming around having to pander back to the pansies. True. Like I killed King Pansy to him.


I'm not calling him that, but I killed King Pansy, but I lost some pansies in the process. So I gotta come back around and appeal to them, like with all this vulnerable shit. I think that's true too. But Kendrick's always been vulnerable musically. That's true too. Niggas what? What? Yeah, if just like a Mexican, The whole Yeah. Yeah. That one. That one. I seen that. Oh yeah. Ain't seen that To me. That's just corny. But I don't think it's wild. Yeah, yeah. Oh, Some shit I wouldn't do. Definitely wouldn't do this for the right bag. Oh, didn't it? Yeah. Some Brent wrote the whole shit. Oh. yeah. you wanna rock, rock Poncho.


Yeah. Kendrick Kendrick has always been vulnerable in his music. I don't ever really have nothing to say about him. And, and Scissor. Scissor. Jake Cole wanna be scissor so bad. That's what I got. That's what I got from this. No, what's wrong with you? Jake? Cole, you To put that one together for me. Pause. Well, scissor gets to go make all of the slaps with Drake and be besties with Kendrick and beat this. Be totally neutral. Ah, she's a but she's a woman. Oh, she's she's a woman. Yeah, she's a woman. That's sexist. It's not really. Well, It is, That is sex. You're right. That Is. Wait, how is it sexist? Because if you're my friend, you're supposed to choose up regardless. The same rules that apply to a man are supposed to apply to a woman. Nobody had sex and we're friends.


But double standards apply. That's true life. Indeed. I mean, sexist. Well, I think that the, I think that what the root of the conflict is, is just kind of rooted in masculinity. So like women kind of get a, you know, a pass out of it. Well, you gonna find a woman pass in anything. So I ain't about to argue with at WNBA liberty. Yeah. I I ain't about to argue with I would feel Away. Yeah. She she just gets to Yeah, exactly. I would feel away if, if, if I got beef with somebody that strong. I mean, especially now that, you know, he canceling shows and people kicking people out the country. If we got beef like that, you can't make a song with the other person, man, woman, child. I don't care who It is. Yeah. But on the flip side, let's just say I'm CSA and I'm having a beef with a woman.


What man is saying, oh, I'm actively gonna be on your side. Drake. What? Gimme an example. I don't Think Drake, when Nicki be at the height of some of her shit is gonna go make a song with these people. Like when, when, when Meek and, and Drake was going at it, I didn't really see no songs with, with Nicki and, and and Drake until the beef was over. And that's when they did the joint with Wayne and with her and Wayne. Like, but like during the time you can't do that. You can't stand next to somebody. Yeah. It's not very many people that would get this neutral shit off. True. Like, like Siz a Well, Nick's from, you know, where she's from, so No, I'm saying, but Drake wouldn't and he from Canada. But also isn't the difference, the fact that s csa is r and b and It Is, it's not about music.


Think Difference CSA slaps with Drake came before the beef. At least the Good point. That's a good point. That's fair. Outward Part. That's, yeah. So it's not like she's actively making music right now with D Drake. That SA sexy red song is on the same album as first person shooter, right? Yeah. Alright. Right. Both of 'em. She, she had the other was the slime. Slime for you and the sexy red shit. Sorry. J Cole. She also says Scissor says, can I ask you a hyper masculine question? You can also tell me to shut the fuck up. What does Not Like Us mean to you? Kendrick laughing.


Not Like Us Not Like Us is the energy of who I am, the type of man I represent. Now if you identify with the man that I represent, scissor says, break that man down for me. Kendrick says, nice comeback. This man has morals. He has values. See that's API for me, because you're engaging call a dis Apy, as in her question is aby. It's not because this is her label made friend, Frequent Collaborator, mentor, collaborate. Yeah. But you still, but she, she on Joe Break that Break the man down for me is an AlleyOOP. Yes. For what though?


No, I think that's an amazing question from an interview. No, AlleyOOP is shit. It could be both. No, no, it could be both. The shit on he says It could be both, but I don't see it as an AlleyOOP. Okay. I'm, I'm just talking about how I see it. Okay. He says, this man has morals. He has values. He believes in something. He stands on something. He's not pandering. He's a man who can recognize his mistakes and not be afraid to share the mistakes and can dig, dig deep down into fear-based ideologies or experiences to be able to express them without feeling like he's less of a man. If I'm thinking of Not, Like, Us, I'm thinking of me and whoever identifies with that.


But the spit of that thing, that's a really nice, Great answer. I respect that answer. It's a great answer. Who's very diplomatic and who's Considered King pander and Obscure as shit? I think it's a great answer. Great answer. And I think it was a great question. I think that, that the internet is dragging him for this, for this response. Really, really? Well. Some Are they accusing him of being, what are they accusing? They calling it the Crock of shit and just say the song about Drake. But those might be the Drake fans. But even But he might I think it was, I think it's both. I think That is, see that that was my, he might feel like Drake has is is lacking morals. This to me was 100% about Drake. And he slammed dunked the AlleyOOP to dis the person he was trying to dis Exactly.


He's just doing it in the Harper bizarre way. In the subtle way. Right. The same way he used the, the Super Bowl commercial to shoot in a Super Bowl subtle type of way. Like he's just gonna keep firing. I respect it. I think that that was just an amazing answer. Classy even shady. Even Definitely shady. Classy and shady. Because Drake, I feel like Drake is considered, yo class is shady shade. Oh yeah, yeah. What you think classism is based on? No throwing shade. That is I didn you? No, the word I just meant having class and you looking down on niggas that you think don't have nothing.


No, I don't think that that's what class actually means. I don't think that there's like a, a connection between classism and classy. Classy, classy to me. Yes. It is to, to me classy means dignified. And the people that are less than are what Not classy. It's, it's definitely drawing an immediate comparison. It's a comparison. It's a co comparative. It might be, but I mean, like I've met, I've met motherfuckers that are like, that have $20 million and ain't got an ounce of class Money, don't have nothing to do with class Pay for school. But if, if you're drawing, but if you're drawing a connection between classy and classism, then yes, we are talking about money. Yes. And yes and no, but when, when people call somebody classy, nobody says, Donald Trump is classy.


Donald Trump is rich, not he's rich. Right? Yes. So there's not a a a guaranteed money Can't buy class You. Right. So what I'm, I'm saying Yeah, that's what I'm saying. There's not a guaranteed correlation between money and class. So when you look down on somebody from being class less, you looking, that's, see that's the part where I'm lost in this. If somebody has class to me that don't say that they're looking down on the person without class. No, but when you start classism class to looking down, That's what I'm, and that's what I'm saying is that there's no correlation between being classy and classism to me, I think I'm with her on that one. There's not, because like I said, you can have all the money in the world and lack class, But you keep bringing money in. Leave money outside.


Money has nothing to Do with, but, but that's my point is that classism has nothing to do with being classy. You don't have to have a dime in, in, you don't have to have a dime. I mean, the reason she said she's bringing money, keep saying money. I think she said money saying say classism Dog, you listen to this. A lot of people we know that are, damn, I don't even wanna say that. We know groups of people that may not have money, but they still look down on other people as if they are a higher class than those people. It it's not, it has nothing to do with their financial standing. Like, I I get what you're saying. You what I'm Saying. I understand what you're saying too. Yeah. Understand. So I think the correlation, and that's not classism that class Is, he's saying It is he's saying for example, like if, if you like a, a bougie black person that go to Jack and Jill and you ain't got no money, you might look down on somebody that's not in Jack you not in Jack and Jail, even though y'all both broke You know what I mean.


But, but I think Got it, I think, Okay, so I get it. But is that like, so now we're talking about elitism And I think y'all are talking, I think y'all are basically saying the same thing, but talking class each other. Same. But but I think the whole point is being classy to me is about a certain idea of how you're supposed to operate in society Itself. Yes. But It is Tied to what we think elites are supposed to be. So when we say that's why there's like a irony to it when Donald Trump isn't classic. 'cause it's like, look at him. He's not even acting like somebody should act who has this thing. And the elites don't even really accept him. Right. They don't fuck with him like that because He's classless and they think he doesn't fit into their standard of what you're supposed to have. But it's always been the rich who define that truth. They, They swayed me back to their side. Now You're not supposed to agree with them today.


I understand what they're saying. Par pardon me. My bad. I thought, damn, I wanted to ride with me on that one. That's all right, man. I don't fuck it. It's all right. Fuck it. Yeah, I don't, I don't really, I don't, I don't really care about this. No, I just, IIII think the interview questions were great, the ones that I heard. Yeah. Like, shout out to scissor. Shout out to Kendrick. There's an interesting way to do a, a interview. I Know. I like, I like what a lot of people are doing now. Variety's doing the same thing where it's actor on actors. So it's actors interviewing other actors. I don't, and this is like not the first time that like a big publication is having, you know, your, your peers interviewing you rather than hiring journalists. Because I think that you kind of get a different perspective when, and different questioning asked by somebody who's actually, I think it's more Comfortable.


You're more comfortable on camera with your peer. I agree with that. But I certainly feel even more bad for the journalists now. It was already tough for journalists. Yeah. Can I ask you a question though? Does that limit what Kendrick can do as an artist now? I mean, he's turning down like big music festivals like Coachella he's doing. When you do this kind of press, suddenly you don't show up to do the source or what the equivalent of That is. Now you're not, you might not sit with Elliot Wilson anymore. That might not be true. Or you might not come here anymore, i's what I'm asking. Like, when is he too big to be like I think that's a personal decision. No, I do think that this was the perfect way for him to do it. Like Mel said, artist to artist your peer, your label mate, the person you feel close to, like great, eliminates all of the fodder from disrupting what I wanted the message to be.


And, and that still don't say that he won't sit with an Elliot or a Nori or a here. I think Kendrick has his pick of the litter as to how he, how and who he wants to convey his message with. Okay. And I think CSA being an interviewer shuts up the public. Yeah. You get what I'm saying? Like, yo, he went and sat With white Diane, You know what I'm saying? Like, no CSA did the interview. Like you don't have nothing to say that helps. It's in Harper's Bizarre, which is still super mainstream, but SSA did the interview You know what I mean. So I, but, but I'm open to the fact that we might just be leaving a time where artists go to people to do interviews.


Like, I don't, I don't think that's so out the scope of possibility. Yeah. We could just be entering that time. Yeah. Especially when you're maybe Kendrick. Maybe You. right? And Kendrick is too big to sit with anybody. And maybe he won't, maybe he wants it framed a certain way. I don't, I don't feel like he would be the first and only person to be on that wave right this second. Now he wouldn't. That's why I'm worried. I'm not saying that's what's gonna happen, but that's my fear. 'cause I love Kendrick's music. I love hearing his voice. And I'm worried that he's gonna become so big and so mainstream that now he's, he's curating the locations that he speaks and he only does those big ones. Well good. Because we enter in a time where everybody out there should be curating themselves. But didn't he always have like, you know, a ki a certain degree of like, you know, being elusive Anonymity, Not anonymity, but just basically he does not serve himself up on a platter to just about just anybody.


I feel like that's always kind of been Yeah, That's part is His, especially as early on, obviously he was sitting whoever, But. yeah. But as he's, but as of late, yeah. You haven't Seen him sit, he's been very choosy about what publications or, you know, media outlets that he'll sit with and talk to. So this just kind of tracks And that, and that might just tie into his morality points. Like, yo, I'm just not gonna go sit with anybody 'cause I don't really fuck with you As a nerd in the space and Becausecause. I don't have to, I kind of want to hear what the other hour and a half of this conversation was. They kept saying it was like an hour and a half and this was maybe a 30 minute read stretched out. And I, and I, and I know them two together we're probably on some, And I hope it was a video. Did you see? Yeah, I hope they can show it to us. And it's not just a transcript. You might've seen it. Did you see JB Jalen Brown sat down with Steven A. Smith?


Yeah. I haven't seen it, but I saw them sit down. So ties in, ties in. Tell me Jalen Brown initially comes on and they talk about how Stephen A. Smith recently said that he had started getting anonymous sources that were saying like, nobody likes Jalen Brown and that's why he's not getting the accolades and the praise that he deserves. Oh, they had the Olympic Nike talk. And so Jalen Brown comes on initially and said, yo, before we even start an interview, I want to talk about the quote unquote anonymous source. He says, yo, I respect your journalistic integrity, but I also respect integrity. Mm. Right. So he says, basically some of these anonymous sources, if I can't speak to them face to face, then it kind of devalues they shit.


And it's cowardly to me, That's a fact. You know what I'm saying? You can confront your, your accuser kind of sort of Thing. Kind of agree him a little bit. But Stephen A. Smith was saying that, you know, they like, yo, I my per, I want to get your personal take on it too. But I, I agree with him, JB and most of the things that he said, I think that they start calling him bougie. But you know, he is like a mental guy. MIT does lectures at Harvard, all of that shit. So I think that sometimes, and this is a conversation that we can have amongst black men, we can do it on Patreon. When you are an academic or when you are of a Super Cerebral, a higher level of Yeah, we get shunned in our community.


And so they'll immediately call you bougie or they'll immediately say that you think you better than other niggas, et cetera, et cetera. And I think that that's what he's facing. Okay. That's interesting. I love Stephen a Smith's response. I I thought Stephen a was actually right in their exchange, the initial one and this one in that as a journalist, you can't reveal your sources. True. Because people made it seem like he was being shady or like, I'm trying to throw rocks and hide his hands was like, no, if somebody from the league calls me a league exec and says, Jalen Brown is X, Y, and Z Stephen, a Smith's whole point when they confronted each other was, I'm not saying that about you. I'm telling you that that's the word around the league. That's the, and I'm telling you, that's why you not from multiple people, from multiple people, from multiple people. And I've heard the same thing, you know, from other sports journalists. Not, not personally, but other sports journalists have gotten the same account.


Gotcha. So I think it's true. The danger of It is of course, if you spread that rumor and it's not true You know what I mean, then you're doing Jalen Brown or harm i's a disservice. I, I, I see that too. But to me, Jalen Brown's issue isn't that he's smart, although that That is a big issue with it. It, is that he stands up against social injustice. He speaks up for People. All that Again, we, that's the shit they, I wanted to go take it. We can take a picture. Him and Kyrie and they both had been painted with the same type of brush. Yeah, exactly. Yes. I'm not just the dumb nigga running around spending money on chains and all that other shit. When I speak, I start talking about helping our community and helping our culture move and progress along. And I don't wanna hear that exactly. Don't hear if he talking about particle physics, nobody would give a fuck.


They'd be like, oh, they be, they'd be showing get the smart dude with all these degrees and blah, blah, blah, blah. But when you start talking about, he was talking about panopticon and, and prison construction, they was like, oh yeah, shut the fuck up. No, no Olympics for you because they, especially on the international stage, they don't want no parts of that. Yeah, For sure. Where they was editing out Jesus. Right. Oh man.


Alright. It is time for my favorite Part of the Show Prize. PrizePicks is your number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. Super easy and simple to play. All you have to do is select two players across all sports. Look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win big. There are season long games you could play. All types of games you could get with on there. But for the week I'm going with Jamir Gibbs. I'm changing it up. Okay. Yeah. Gimme Jamir Gibbs for more than 75 Rush Yards. My other guy who's been holding me down all year in fantasy, Kyron Williams going, Kyron Williams touchdown. Every game damn near. Gimme him for more than 85 and a half rush yards and a 10 TD and a Tud and Drake London's on a tear. Drake, London on a, these last three weeks, gimme Drake, London for more than 60 receiving yards. You get that? And Sequan Barkley from and Derrick Henry. Yeah. For more than a hundred rush yards. Whew. He turned up last day. Oh yeah, I'm doing it. Yeah. He has. Y'all feel like Jerry Jones keeps sounding stupid at, in regards to Derrick Henry? He does. Wait, he he's still going on about it. Yes. Yeah. Because now they gonna bring it up every week. Dallas is the draw and Jerry Jones is saying, Derrick's Derrick Henry is having a dreamlike year. I'm not certain if he would've had that with us with where we are and he doesn't fit our style of play. We don't run that type of offense. And we had a, we had a cap situation to deal with. Couldn't afford him. He's still saying that. It's tough to listen to that and watch Derrick Henry go for 189 yards every week. And, and the style of play stuff is nonsense. I agree. You make it work. Like, what are we talking about? Right. Listen, I agree. I I think it sounds foolish. Sounds like a And they, and these same questions existed for Baltimore and Lamar Jackson. True. How are they gonna mesh? They look amazing. They do. They look amazing out there. Download the app today and use promo code JB P to get $50 off instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Again, if you download PrizePicks today and use promo code JB p, you'll get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


With that being said, I feel like now's a good time to remind all humans out there that It is illegal to go through your significant other's phone. Wow. Okay. I don't know why that there's some meme going around with some lawyer girl talking about how it's against the law to do she yada, she cited the law and all of that stuff. It is the law. Yeah, but you can't, you can't P 89 BI don't know. Yeah. What did the law say? That it's against the law to go through your phone if It is some breach of privacy stuff. So What happens if it's a family plan? Your phone is your phone. My plan is, oh, I get it.


I there's The bill. If I pay the bill and It is my phone. Technically not. We don't expect none of the rules man. We don't respect that. I don't know what y'all talking about right now. Listen for her out, she tried to circumvent. That's niggas be putting her on a family plan to, to pay her phone bill and Cardinal and rent and everything. Not even swag. Not even Family plan. I'm just wondering, I don't think this applies to minors if that's what you're talking about. No, no. People be adults on the family plan. Your wife, your husband, your two kids will be on one plan. So when shorty go through your phone. No, that's illegal. It's my phone. Here's the problem. I saw this case come up when they were locking people up. 'cause cops used to go through your phone. Yeah. Yeah. And they say they're going through your phone to find, if you made a call, police used to go through your phone and say, we have to go through your phone 'cause to make sure that you're not to find your plug to find your connect.


And so it's an immediate thing we need to do. But what the lawyers eventually said is, phones are not just telephones anymore. It's your personal advice. It's your, you can have your PDF of your will in there. You could have all kinds of personal business that's beyond your phone. So even if I paid the bill, that might justify me going through your phone. But that doesn't justify me going through your email. My psychiatrist might be in there, all that type Of stuff. So it's, even if somebody paid a bill, you can't, maybe a kid is different but as an adult, like you can't just go through somebody's shit and say I paid a bill. 'cause it's more in there than your phone. And I feel like it's a shame that this needs to be explained to, to adult humans out there. You Know, it does go both ways. Right. Men do check their women's phones. These I'm saying adult. No. These Adult humans. Yes. I did it one time. Never again.


What did you find? Just what you think. I bubble Guts. Bubble cuts is right at the end of that conversation. I was like, what? No, and I feel like that should be enough to teach everybody that valuable lesson except for Scorpios. Wait, wait. If you go in a phone and get that, that six sensation in your body when you find something that's normally enough to teach rational human beings. But Scorpios are not, not Scorpios rational human beings. Not to do that again. Yeah. Like me, you did it before I, I got on the phone with T-Mobile one Good time. This is back in the day when you could, when they still kept your, your text thread.


I'm talking about Oh Shit oh 5 0 6 0 7 0 8. What can I tell the story? You told the story here before but you could tell it to Mark if you like. That nigga went into Inspector Gadget mode. I don't, I don't play That nigga did film. I didn't even know this. Shorty had a double lock. She had two codes. Oh Shit. And guess what this is at the time That's before this locksmith over, this is before two time, two time authentication and all of that. I didn't know you could do that. But guess what she did? It didn't matter. Give my med about four hours. It's a little bit of heartache. He got right to there. You really did it four hours more. It might been more than that.


How did you have her phone for four hours? He didn't have her phone. He called T-Mobile. Oh, oh, oh okay. And got the politicking and got everything that was in that phone. Spent the rest of that toilet. Hey I got the truth. You found everything you was Looking for. I got the truth. How many packs you smoke that day? I don. It was bad. Did it matter? Yeah, it mattered. What I mean is it mattered. Typically when people look, they already know what they're gonna find or they have a su, by the time you get to a double lock, you probably thinking there's some shit in here I Don't need to find. But you still want to find it. If that's your journey. It's not my thing. That's the other reason I don't going phones today, I'm, I'm too obsessive and I know it about myself. So once I get start the journey, I'm on the journey.


Yeah. Now I'm not doing nothing else. I'm not eating, I'm not sleeping. We not kicking it. It ain't hookah time. Little coffee baby. I'm going to get what I'm looking for. Yeah. I ain't done that since 20 however years. Old dog. That nigga was 25, 26, 27. Sometimes you go in there hoping that you're just hoping that you were wrong. That you were wrong. If you really hope that you wrong, stay the fuck out the phone. Mm, no. Not necessarily. If you wanna be optimistic, be optimistic. Yeah. Yeah. Don't do both. Right. And then don't tell me that. Nah. And then don't tell me that you doing this because you had woman's intuition or gut feeling. And then go on the phone bitch. Trust your gut. Right. Yeah, that's true. If your gut is that good, what you looking for confirmation for?


That's true. And again, just respect everyone's privacy. Privacy. Indeed. It's the stupid ass therapist. The expensive therapist Last time. Last time we went 900 hour. Whew. The expensive therapists get right to the point. Did I ever come here and tell you on that? No. No. The expensive therapist ain't none of that hoo nanny I dealt with with the other relationship therapist. Oh. That's what he keep doing. Oh. Oh. That's what he gonna do. Oh no, no. He's telling you through his actions exactly what he wants to do at the end of the day. Hey, how long you been doing? No, he's never changing. This is him. What's up? Are you staying leaving?


That's the 901. Yo. It was. She got so right to the point. Me and my girl looked at each other. We looked at each other. We like no, no, no. We need a little, little ulu. We no, we started defending each other. Yo. That's the 901. Yes. Oh that's lovely. I love that. Least She ain't drag You. right. Drag 500. They might have dragged you. Yo. We gotta get to the bottom yo 900 yo three session. Unpack it yo fam shit. Piece of shit. He a piece of shit. No, no, no, no. Y'all gonna accept it or what. Right. I don't like that style thing yo. And give you, unpack it. You need some gaslight ability. We need to under help. Help us understand each other. Could you manipulate us? So that's what you to each other and for each other. Don't just start hitting us both with the truth with body shots.


Yo, we just sat down here and you giving us the cold hard truth. We walked outta the hole in hands. That shit worked. It worked because we started defending each other so hard against the therapist. We was like, I'm gonna just say she's really for the reason why she did that. Yeah, that's lovely. Took two sessions. Yeah. Lovely. Brought the love right back in the day. Another nigga gonna dragged you for seven sessions at 500 a hour. Why did I bring up this therapy shit right now. I was getting some cell phones. We talking about going through cell phones and being optimistic. When y'all, when y'all in relationships, do y'all give up or not give up?


Do does, can you significant pick up your phone, go through your phone, not like go through it forever. Yeah they can. Oh yeah, no, no passwords. None of that. My girl work at the cent at the, you know you know the center in New York when the foul is under review? Yeah, it's a caucus. Yeah. Opening. I think they moved it to New York now. Okay. It's the whole center. All of the screens and they get on the phones with the referees. My girl got a whole infrastructure set up. Oh Shit Ice just had to prove to me three weeks ago that she wasn't on my iCloud dog. You, you never seen John Wick? She's John Wick. She has, she has access to my stuff somehow and I don't know.


Hmm. Is this like a suspicion? No, It is per him take this Friday night, one of my bartenders of choice calls off of work. I send a text to her that says, yo, you ain't, you are in working a name you off tonight with the eyes and a little face. And that's where I go wrong too. My emojis. Somebody is looking at shit. You've never been a good emoji. Yeah, somebody looking at your shits, them emojis jump off the thing And they got 'em now where they could 3D 'em like that.


So anyway, I send that text, the bartender cro the text to just show yo, you working tonight? And her saying no I'm off or whatever. She said I'll be back Monday or whenever. She said crops it, no name, no nothing. Post it on her story says Yo, if you're looking for me I'll be back such and such a day. A day later my girl sends me the text. No, no. She sends me the the story, the crop. The crop story. The crop. LOL yo you stupid. Wow. Well everyone does have a little text. She know y'all.


Y'all think I'm playing. She Maybe she knows your Emoji speed. Know sex and style bro. I said because we done been through enough therapy and had this talk too many times to whereas I just submit now. Yo, how you I said it was me but how you know? And she knows. You can't say to me I'm in your phone or I got access to your shit. 'cause you know I'll flip out even though I know it's happening. So she says I know your emoji people. I know people. I know people I know you like the back of my hand. It's scary. Look, I know you better than I know myself. I know how you sleep. Your breathing patterns. I believe I know how you speak. I know how you text.


I know how you emoji. I know how you love. I know how you like, I know how you talk to these bitches. I know. I know. Everything you say to these bartenders. Nigga, I'm gonna always be able to spot my man's texts anywhere forever. I think that equal parts turned you on and scared. You blink. Blink. This is terrifi you. I've been blink twice if I've been scared. Yeah, I've been scared I could give y'all 1900 of them different of these, of these to where Oh wow. It's so bad. I say yo, this is Manipulation. Yo. When I gotta say that to somebody. Yeah, well you, you ran outta gas.


Right. Yo. Enough. But does this surprise you at all? Does what? The fact that she has memorized like your nuances. Step your game up nigga. What Game? I'm just being Me. Change how you text. I wasn't running game. I wasn't You sent the eyes. You always sending an eyes. That is your Thing. She she, she knows that the time the girls work that you interested dead give a work. What was the face being there? That's it. Which Emoji face was it? I gotta go look. I look dog. Sit your fucking eyes down. We know which one. I think it might be The one. Yeah with the one hand. If it's the one hand you cheated, the fuck did you talk about?


I don't say that. Thank. you can't send another girl a one hand flip. One hand is a lie. You can't do that nigga. Nigga. If you sit a one hand usually Yeah you back to counselor. Nigga. How far is a text nigga? What was just all day We We talk. What the fuck You talking about nigga? No, she was cursing you out nigga. Hey go up. But we text a lot. Click on the picture. Why don't go to didn't see. Why don't you go to the With the bartender. Dm. That's dm. Well y'all could talk. Here we go. Here we go. Oh it was the yellow face with the, I like this emoji with the black eyes. Oh with the sunglasses, With the exes, with the black eyes.


That one. Oh it's the sad face. It is a sad face. You're pouting that she's not nigga you ping. She not there. You got caught. What the fuck you doing nigga? That's a lie. Why would you send that sad water? I Don't wanna say nothing. You my man. Look, I'm gonna stand. Nah, Fuck that. That wasn't that bad. My niggas Bitch. Fuck yo. I like that emoji. But I, that's the one. I don't think it's as dramatic as apparently y'all doing That. She's not there. You've always been horrible with Emojis bro. So then, and then because of that, 'cause You right, You right. I'm, I'm taking that you pouting because she's not there. Yeah. And that's How y Allall take it and that's how she took it. That's how everybody take. And that's clearly what it means.


It's a Pouty face. Yeah. I think it's called the pouty emoji. Aw man you not come. Oh. And now I'm so sad. When you partner sees that and she's black, what does she say to you? You guessed it. Yo, why are you such a thirsty Ass? Why are you such a Thirsty Ass nigga? Did you start stuttering when you respond? And then I'm like, I'm thirsty because of the sad, the the the black eye emoji. The gas start coming. Yeah. No he start, I just don't think it's he got, He got the, that shit was shell or or that nigga got A propane. He walk around with a propane tank. That shit wasn't cheap. Shit.


That shit wasn't raceway. Yeah. Had Hema, that Nigga got 94. No, that nigga keep a gas tank with him now. He ain't playing. Yeah, It is. Yeah. You could tell that Joey. He he think what? That's why your blood pressure so high Corey. you right. Yeah. That's exactly What her and y'all And It is not us nigga. It is her and y'all. You leave. You leave here thinking about the job that we did and all the shit we say you go home and sit down and think about it. Like I can't believe these niggas they used start pondering and fucking doing research. Nigga relax. Harping. Yeah Harping. Harping go upstairs. Harping is fast. Go hill nigga you just bought a new fucking car. Leave niggas alone. Go sleep. Go relax. Go speed up the west side nigga.


Yeah Look for a touchdown. I ain't say all that But. yeah, sorry baby Don't put the face, Put regular eyes. See that's something that without y'all I would die on that One. What You die on That hill on that Patty V Like in miles. Like what's wrong with Your girl if what's wrong with Question? Yo you're not working with some because it's Not just The black guys. It's like watery eyes. Who gives a fuck? I'm texting the bar My One of my, if your girl sent a Bartenders at the bar I like to go to on a Friday night, why can't send that text If reverse Joe, what would You do? Can now y'all got me sound like I be sounding If it was reversed. Yeah. Pay attention nigga if it was reversed. You can't ask him that. No I can't. If she sent pouty eyes, how would you feel?


Yo, you not gonna be at the restaurant today to serve me pouty eyes. How would you feel? My Girl don't work at a restaurant. No. Meaning her favorite male, her Favorite be serving her? Yeah. Oh, how would I know that? Same way she found out. Same. Yeah. He post the Story. You, you wouldn't do all that shit. It never happened. Yeah, that's fair. There is no world. I see what you're saying. Where I would see a cropped out text and be like, that's My girl. My girl wrote that. My girl wrote that Got it. That Would never Happen. Okay Got it You would I ever go in her phone and see it because I protect myself from these things. Let's just say you're walking by the phone. It's face up that Question chat. I don't look at phones when they face up. I don't look at, 'cause I don't want nobody looking at my phone when it's face up. My father believe in that same shit You said I don't do none up with none of that.


I ain't doing that face up. I don't wanna see nothing on your phone. 'cause I know me and I know that I could find something that I'm, that I'm mad at. I could find something that's totally fine and get mad at it. Yeah, You gotta know Yourself. That's how we, so why would I do that? He's right. Why would I do That? Okay, I wouldn't do that. How about You? He's right. And let me separate the talk now because it's where you get yourself in trouble and this is wrong to say and financial abuse. Let's go Corey. But If I did see that, are all of my bills getting paid? Like all of them? Yo, you were financial abuse. And did you like Bernie made all Oh Shit.


You, Joey made on it. Yo, I ain't gonna lie. I like the way I'm not talking about me and her no more. 'cause she'll get mad. I can't even say that in the relationship no More. Hey, I tried to follow that. I tried to follow that shit like that shit work until I was told like, yo nigga, you know what I'm thinking about applications for like the MTA and shit like that. Like It is like, yo, that's What she said. You know what? Wow. I gotta a trick. You, you buddy did you other day you think I ain't gonna go you a bad influence on me now nigga I'm gonna knock you out. And that's a Threat to financial abuse. It is, It is said nigga mine. I'm joking, I'm joking. I'm Joking, I'm joking. Nah, I'm Not. I'm joking please. I'm joking.


I try to follow your bag girl. I'm joking. I'm joking, I'm joking. But niggas do that though. Are You against financial abuse Mark? Yeah Of course he is. I pretty much, he's a lover. I'm against all abuse. He's a lover. That nigga like this. It's a good answer. Alright Yo, I love you. So before I move on, I'll spill a little more and then I'll ask you my financial abuse question again. Me and my girl have a lot of fun together. I ain't gonna lie. We do. Here's what I got for you. Her birthday's coming up nice now suit. I say one day you'll tell me about what you wanna do for your birthday supposed to do. So she says, yo, I want you to yada yada YI was trying to make a run, I want you to yada yada yada yada.


Don't forget the card. I was like, cool. I said Anna card. She heard Anna car, Oh Shit. That's Awkward. And said, oh you gonna do that and the car. And I said no I would never want to do that because I wouldn't want to financially abuse you. And if I got the car and that I would be expecting a certain behavior which is wrong. Wow. Yeah nigga, that's a double reverse manipulation you about, what would that be called an Uno.


What would that be called? Uno Reverse. That was definitely, yo, she had a Draw eight nigga. Wait, wait, Wait. At At that point I did what y'all just did, but in my head clapped for myself. I thought I smoked that. She then said, well in that instance I wouldn't view that as financial abuse. Mm. Reverse The reverse. I said Wait, that's how your blood pressure drops. So the determiner of when financial abuse, his financial abuse is you, is You.


Yo Joe. So I asked you again, You Are against financial. I'm totally against that. I am against financial abuse. Are you, are you, but are you against Them being the determiner of, are you against, are you for The Victim being the determiner of when and when it isn't? No, because we not even having those conversations. I, I'll say this, I'm against the victimizer defining it for sure. Like, like that. Yo, come on Mark 16, nigga two, you get a red seven You. right. Moving On Nigga man.


Nah, he killed that. Yo, these niggas came. Oh my god. Nigga. Oh, Y Niggas is the women whisperers man. Oh my baby. I love you. I love you. These guys are great. That was great. It, is we on date? Hey, you know what, those are Chico. Her birthday and Christmas is close. Coach Coast Street Chocolate. Not close enough. But It is Oh Shit. It's close to each other though. Scorpio corpio about it man. It is Scorpio season shit. It is very close to each other. No, and she has a cheat code that a, she's getting double gift in fourth quarter. Like her shit is set up. Lovely nigga. Yeah, the fourth quarter. I know you Won't get it. He's in fourth quarter. Fourth Quarter. August 31st is not the fourth quarter. No, he's not in fourth Quarter though. Oh. I feel like we're, we're splitting fraud Hair. September.


September is fourth. Fourth August 31st. Dudes don't Get that. August 31st. How he just made, so isn't would September 1st considered fourth quarter? Yes. No, no. October 1st. Third October. First October. Fair enough quarters. Oh Yes, yes, yes. I'm sorry. Joe Got it. Yes. Yes. You. right. You come on. Sorry. I'm sorry. She went to Juilliard. She went to a C Williams. Yeah. ac. DC College nigga went, come on. You fucked me Up. I'm sorry. Do we care about the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame? Of course we do. I watched it. I do. I watched How was it box? It was five and a half hours. You watched the whole thing? No, I had to Skimm through a couple things now. Okay. I watched the shot, but What I saw of it looked like how it should look.


Absolutely. They do an amazing, they Do an amazing job. And Shout out to Quest Love for an Award show. Any hip hop or hip hop adjacent shit. Yo Quest love come, come straighten This shit out and did for both Tribe and Mary. So the new inductees were cool in the gang. Dave Matthews band. Mary j Blige, a tribe called Quest and Cher. Wow, I don't understand some other one. The choice. Dionne Warwick called Foreigner Dion. Foreigner forgot the black people. Well no, I said fool in The game. You got Deion Ward. You said shit. I Said Mary j Blige said Tribe, Dion Ward. Shit. I did not. That's what Ozzy's all for. Ozzy made it Ozzy was It as a solo? As a solo artist? I think Black Sabbath was already in there. They were? Yeah. Yeah.


Ozzy Made it. Can somebody explain to me why, why Cher is just getting in there? Why Tribe called Quest is just getting in there? Like how does no disrespect to Jay-Z I think Jay-Z should be in their first ballot. But it seemed like how do people, how does Chronologically Yeah, chronologically. Like how are people who voting, selection take place. Yeah. It is just weird to me that like Cher should not just be making the Hall of Fame. Well, Cher had some controversy with the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. That's Fair. How about tribe? Like, I I just, I just don't get it. How did Tribe make it before? How does Eminem make it before Tribe? Mm. Yeah. That's wild to me. They, He's way bigger. The more impactful, you know the answer. You know The answer I should say. I hate that. That's what happened. Who was the chairman of Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?


The one that it was uncovered that he had like super racist remarks and shit like that. Jan something rather. I don't know. No, that, yeah. I think that was Rolling Stone. I could be Wrong. Okay. Okay. Sorry. I could be wrong. Made a move. But if he was, doesn't it have the same kind of, he can be on the board of Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and still be, you know, whatever with, with Rolling Stone. I don't know. I don dunno. I think that he was okay. Maybe. Yeah, that's Possible. Let's check it before we just get to saying things. That's how we, that's how we get in the Well she well She say we we be we be falling for it too. We be believing Shit. Yeah. No, no, no. She, she says She a conviction whenever she starts that The trap shit was fired though. Dave, Dave Chappelle. Dan Wener was removed from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame board of directors.


Okay. Thank. you could You talk your shit. She can't talk. Well she wouldn't have to talk her shit if she, she would've said, I think she could just be right then. We wouldn't have to guess. Right. If you say, I think I ain't rolling. Okay, look it up. Well, Got It you right. It was a fact. Yeah. So that could be the reason why we're just getting Tribe called Quest in there because he was a fucking racist and he was on the board of directors and influential that That would make sense. That would make sense. So what would be the excuse for JayZ or the other black people? I don't, I don't really have a reason for it, but I'm just giving a reason as to why maybe certain people took a little bit longer and other people Like Jay's hard to, to avoid. Yeah. And he brings money and he brings attention and he deserves it. Jay-Z deserves it a hundred percent.


He does. I Think over all in all, they've gotten much blacker in the last, oh Yeah. Maybe five years or so. Talents was different before, you know what I'm saying? They weren't really just letting us, now it's been a hip hop act every year. True. I think it's bought money in revenue where, where revenue is we gonna go. Facts. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Let me clap it up for that too. That's awesome. So I think that like ll they let ll get up there and go crazy. What was that last year or two years ago LL went crazy. So again after Jay-Z. Yeah. Weird to me. Yo, we don't dis Jay-Z up here too. I'm the world's biggest Jay-Z fan. This is not, I feel Like you keep, you keep making these little, I just want you to know the tone of this room. Oh, It is, It is, we don't really speak.


It's low pro negatively about Jay-Z's my top five Jay-Z's maybe is maybe my favorite rapper. I love Jay-Z It is not about Jay-Z Top Five. Yeah. Who else Is, is That? is That is That, is that disrespectful? Yeah, I think so. Oh, you saying he should be higher? Yeah, He is higher. He he is higher. I'm just saying top five three. Top Three. Sure. Say Top three. He's top three, Top five. Sound a little more Shady. I mean, I, I can, I can, we could debate it, but like in general he's top five, top three for me sometimes. Sometimes. Number One, you can't debate it. 45. You can't 44 rapper. What you think is better than JayZ? It Depends on what you mean. He say, I can't name hoop four rapper top Four rappers that you think are better than Jay-Z. No, you can't, I can't name four rappers greater than Jay-Z. But I can name four rappers better than Jay-Z Oh, gimme that list.


I think Black Thought's a better rapper than Jay-Z I think Andre 3000 a better rapper than Jay-Z. If we just talking about better now if we talking about, if we talking about overall No, two I, I would, I could make same argument for Kendrick at this point and he's not in my top five. I can make his argument for Biggie. Okay. I said, okay. Yeah. I said okay, my business asked. You answered it. I'm out. That an old nigga side it, it ain't really ready to let it slide though. I'm, I'm willing to let the beef in. You Got it. But my man circling around. I'm not saying they higher on my Hoodie. Looking Like They still like that shit dog. You Got it Got it. They, they, they, my top five has them in it.


All I'm saying is most days Jay-Z will be number one and number two for me. I'm just saying I, that's why I just say top five to avoid having to rank 'em. Gotcha. I just say top five. That's all I'm saying. They Also should let Black thought do all of the, like they recreate the hits from these artists and they should let Black thought do it. He's like an encyclopedia of songs that have already existed on top of his own. Yeah. Incredibleness freaking genius. But he does like the tones and everything. Perfect. Queen Latifah went up there and she did great, but she was missing some words. Black dog came in and just cleaned that shit up. Yeah, He's a freaking nature man. Yeah, It's, it's, it's unreal. As is Queen Latifah. Yeah, no doubt. I love Queen Lat It is Queen Latifah. No Doubt. It's hard to remember someone else's rap. Like even songs that we all know by like the back of our hand. You think it up up there. You think up. You Gotta rap, right?


Yeah. It's a little Different. It is hard to remember. My raps I like. Yeah, exactly. It's hard to remember Raps Now remember five Shit from 1989. Good luck. Right? Hard to remember my tomorrow todo list And rest in Peace. Fight. Rest in peace. Five Rest in Peace. That Tribe Tribute was everything. It was, yeah. Yeah. That was, that was something special. Good to go down that fucking just memory lane. I went to the check Theron video. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I went to the Check Theron video. It was shooting right down there. I was in Queens. That's dope. That's dope. That's dope. Dope. That's dope around there. I didn't know what was going on. But my brother was a huge tri fan so I was on Drive Dog.


I was like, I was in high school right there on Linda Boulevard by the, I was in high high school. You had to be mad small. I was. Yeah, I was in High Bonita, apple ball, that whole, all that shit. The whole run. That whole need. Apple Obama. I was in ninth grade. Yeah, I was. I was small. You was tiny. I was small. Fuck you nigga Fuck that. I had a ear. I had a ear. And we know. Yo, congratulations to Tribe Called Quest and BARii. And again, I just love Q-tip doing albums. I love Q-tip. Doing anything. I love how Q-tip looked. Yeah, he looked, he looked great. Q-tip looked like whoa. What? I was just about to say it. Go ahead.


But I mean you can say it. He did look awesome. I'm disagreeing with you. Y'all know my, I like to see or I like to see the hip hop legends look like that legendary Still be flies too At this age. Rest in peace to all of the hip hop legends. We've lost Batman's scoop and just everybody. Just everybody. There's too many to name. But Q-tip looked like money. Looked like he smelled good Skin was right. Go ahead. Shout out to Q-tip man. Rest. Peace for you. Shout the qt. What else we got? What else we got that's important? Unimportant. I don't care. Anywhere y'all want to go. Just not incubator babies yet. This came pushing issue was really perturbed over that shit Was He was, no, he was mad.


Yo, y'all, y'all know what they doing with the babies. Y'all seen the, the shit the incubator base like the Matrix. I was like whoa, I'll be dead. It wasn't ai. Yeah, I'll be dead buddy. Okay, keep laughing. I'll be long going. Maybe not This shit is moving fast Fan. I know we not supposed to talk about, but I don't understand the story. I I just, I don't think I care that much about incubated babies but maybe I don't understand the story. Basically it was damnit. Nah, go ahead. He's so, so they're leaning toward trying to make babies womb less babies literally where they don't have to be carried in the womb. Wow. They putting 'em in an incubator and they, from the beginning, so the, the picture park's point was it was AI but it was like an illustration of literally and they can all hold up to 3000 at one time and all this other shit of just literally babies being created and nursed in a pod as opposed to a woman's womb.


Still Go ahead and try and do the old fashioned way. That's dope. Yeah, it takes all the fun out of It. That shit is scary bro. Not like it's scary. Who Wants sexless babies? Is it sexist? Don't you? Some other the powers that be isn't it like you do, like I then you put it in in the people that the people that run the world. Yeah. Probably want second. You have a whole, you have a whole host now of army of whatever that you want to rock with. Yeah, they wanna stream farm us. Yeah, that sounds, that sounds boring. And we not fucking at a fast enough clip. They keep having population conversations. Yes. Yeah. That shit is scary dog. And now they can put this egg. They got all your DNA you can't, they're buying up DNA by the billions. See not 23. And me just went outta business.


All them, all of them. And they won't say what they're doing with the DNA, all of them. This could be it baby Farms. I'm just not like, I don't think it's so scary. I ain't gonna let nobody that don't come from a pussy beat me up. Oh no, no that's not true because now look, this is funny. If you don't come out pussy my nigga, you could pick your genetics so you could pick and alter the genetics. You could pick your eye color, you could pick your height, you could pick all of that shit. So now they basically creating super humans. Some Ivan Drago shit. Yes my nigga. And he gonna whip your ass Ivan Drago fuck you up. You got broken wrists from shooting jumps. Imagine what that nigga gonna do to you. Whoop the fucking ass. Y'all think I would fight Ivan Drago? Yo. I mean if I think if can't get to that Forry Defend yourself.


Look, If you can't get to that Forry, I think he defend yourself. If he came along and tried to fuck you Up, I would. But do You think it would be by fighting? Depends on where he catch you at. Pretty much. I'm About to say Blake, you he dies. He dies. You Blake, you I'm not letting no nigga that could put me down with a one hitter quitter get I'm, that's my eye on him the whole night. Anyway. That's not true. I'm profiling. That's not true. Anywhere I go I'm identifying the niggas that probably have a a punch that could put me down when the nigga caught you and I'm staying at the man and the nigga caught you slipping in the club dog. He didn't have the one hit a quitter but he could. That nigga was an an that nigga was like nothing. Them little niggas that put you down though.


I wasn't even paying him no mind gonna smoke back, throw us some money. Brain was now wearing it. Like nigga move you just ruined the vibe But nah the Morehead go nigga nah I'm cool. You ain't gonna have to film me 'cause now they're gonna film you. They film me back in the day it was just world star. Now It is the world at looking at you star whoop. Yeah. Near. Yeah, no I'm cool. I'm cool on it. Let's see, Speaking of strip clubs, isn't there a new mandate that just came out? Hey Look at you now in the TI mean it ain't a mandate something. Look at you now in the strip club t It was a suggestion. Okay, Let's hear the suggestion. From Who though? It was a stripper site from the young ladies.


No, it was a stripper site. Don't site. Yeah. Porta. Nah, it was some shit that came across my feed that makes came across your feed. I Love. it sound like a Crazy How do you have both of strippers and the babies in the incubators and the same feed? Yeah, His feed is wild because I like women and I got two year olds. My algorithm going crazy. I just want to know where this stripper is from that set. It it's important but this is like a faceless person. Yeah, it was a faceless. It said basically guys, when y'all come to strip club with a thousand dollars, don't bust a thousand dollars down on three strippers with your broke ass. You need to just focus on one and give her that a thousand dollars instead of divvying it up amongst three chicks. Like stripper etiquette 1 0 1 type shit.


Huh. And I immediately got a little offended. Well you got offended over the, the chick that your man brought with y'all wanting calamari. So of course you gonna get offended. Split tabs Narrative. Nancy over here. I think that your back Go ahead. No. Why were you offended reading that fam? If somebody comes in and if he busts down a thousand dollars amongst three people, that's one customer that gave you $300 that night. That's okay. I'll let you finish first. You get what I'm saying? That's only one nigga. But that's, but that's also not true. Why? Because that's not strip club math. Huh? You're not getting A thousand and that's why they saying that. So one chick coulda got five, the other one got two 50.


Two 50. The one chick could have got eight, the other one got a hundred and a hundred. That be One, one you, you only get one Strip. And that's not strip club math. If three girls come over to you and you throw a thousand dollars, most house rules say that those three have to split that. They're gonna split that and have to pay their house fee. The barback barback the bar, the barback fee, they're gonna have mad fees and the club fee Joe. But that's one patron. Wait that just took your, if you ever speak to some of these people that just took your 3 35 down to one something and then they gonna, and they, they're gonna have to stay the account. All that money. The club gonna have to take that money.


So they say's wrong. No, that's wrong. Why are you saying it's wrong? Because That is the way the inner workings go. But that thousand dollars that they made at the end of the night, they gotta bust down their total to the bar backs to everybody wrong. It don't, it don't go perk that that's, that's irrelevant to this conversation because if three girls are on you, that don't mean we working together for the night. That's true. That mean that three girls are on. You just came by so I just wanna focus on that part. No, no that's true. No. So what I'm saying is, but that's one patron. So Parks threw a stat. Yeah. Mark throw 700 Imani throw five. Damn I nigga I throw three. I ain't doing you. I throw three. I think Bar might throw more.


Flip Might throw 1500. Oh I throw hot boys in the strip club. That's why I don't go Flip might Flip might throw 1500. Yeah. Yeah. If I, if I go, I mean I wouldn't personally, I don't spend less than 10. Like if I, if I go Oh Shit. Yeah if I, I don't to be clear, I don't go shit clubs anymore. Oh boy. I ain't been to Shook Club in about what year is this? 20? I ain't been show club about six years. Five, six years. And you threw 10 bands six years ago. Yeah, the face. I mean and I would only, and I would only have three dancers if I was doing that. Oh yeah. Say a thousand to be one dancer. You, Him, you, Him. Nah, not like that. I'm just saying about Big Fish. They about to eat your dms up tv. You was on TV at that time right?


Yeah. Show off now nigga. Not no more nigga you can't go 10,000. I think you so smart Shit Yeah man. Oh yeah, I was a C and Bt I had to show VH for all that shit. Yeah nigga now you throw that shit. That's when he was on College Hill. Throw that shit. Yeah, but that's what I'm saying. But like, No, so yeah, I'm saying this at the end of the night they gotta bust down and pay mad people. But all of that don't just come from $1,000. What Joe saying they made 300 that the dudes might get a nice living. But I think it, I think if one man throws a hundred dollars on somebody that shouldn't be frowned. Wait, here's, here's the problem with the nigga with a thousand dollars.


It's not that he's spending a thousand dollars It. is that he, they usually milked that if you come there with a thousand dollars and you're not going back at tm, you're not borrowing no more money. You gonna be sitting and milking that shit for the next three hours. You taking up all their time. You're not doing it. Like if you got money, you throwing up a thousand in a minute. Right. No that's not true. If you, he, he couldn't. The og the OG strippers, the OG strippers not staying around. They working the room. But that's, see that this nigga's milking the stack. I'm gonna get the $10 from him and I'm gonna be back. I'm going over here. That's how they, But here's the problem. Right. If you, if you get, if you, first of all, if you bringing money to the strip club, most of the time if you bring enough, you going to your own section. Yes. So you ordering a bottle. So they see you there with the bottle school of Mark. They see you bringing This shit out. I'm gonna ruin my career. I did not Big Mark break Dumpster La Hill.


you right. You right. It's like, it's like, Hey you my man, I'm over there with my hot 400. Excuse the example. But it's like, it's like, it's like no I'm not gonna use that example But. yeah. Be careful nigga come up here and talk. Lot of listeners. Lot of listeners. But the point is, once they see you doing that, now everybody's flocking to that area. True. So now you throwing all that money up, you, you, you can't then start peeling off ones one by one. That's who they talking about. Yeah, they talking about the dude that, that It is not the dude that's in Gen pop that's just got a thousand dollars. That's just getting laps. It be, could be. It's a nigga that make a spectacle. Ain't Specify spectacle man. They said thousand dollars and if I come in the strip club and I bust a G respect me a little bit sweetie. Fuck you talking about?


None sweetie. Will how long did it take Bus? Like fuck this nigga. How long, how long did it take you to bust the stack A hour Nigga. You think That's too wrong? That's Crazy's. He's crazy. Yo. He call me crazy. He's, wow. Well I call him frugal but he's, you gonna get the, you gonna get the whack joint though. You know get the, I'm not gonna give him no money for to get him. You the whack joint. Ain't nobody that you really wanna stand there for standing there for hour because then they gonna complain those nigga Take a man law appeal this one little lonely stack. Exactly. Unless they drinking your liquor and eating your food and all that shit. Yo, Thursday. Okay, come on man. We can go. come On get my thousand dollars. What you do? What can I my g Yeah when I owe you do, when I owe for 77 episodes In a row, you Can, I have my thousand dollars If you're doing that.


No. Oh no I'm not doing that. I'm going to buy some clothes. Why does he owe you a thousand dollars again? Because we made two bets. I made two bad bets and that's my man. Okay. I wasn't your man when I went, I Made the bad bets 'cause that's my man. No, no, no. That's Not true. That's not true. That's shit sound bullshit. No that's Not true. I, I made a bad, I made a bad, a bad be. I forgot when. What Dolph lunging Rocky was. Oh yeah. Yeah he won and the other 500 he won the do contest with Jay won. He won the right. Right do Oh that was a while ago. Yeah. Don't say I'm gonna blow your hole. Why? For her being objective. You gonna blow her head off. 'cause she supposed to be on scene Like when it took him forever to pay you.


That's Just the truth. And I didn and I paid him the same day. I feel like flip. Wait, wait. What If I'm up here, shit, I feel like if I'm up here and with the big joker on one of y'all then y'all should walk gingerly around me. That's how I feel. I agree. I agree. Facts. You don't got no big joke on me nigga. I play spades talking about me. I'm gonna shut the fuck up. Okay. Got you. For about five minutes Only throw it up. Throw it up. That's up. Ball out. I ain't It up. I'm willing to just go home with the gun. Got you. Okay. But she keep going against me like siding with the smart couch. But you know what That is Right. And They don't got the gun. I Got The gun. That's, That's boss manipulation. Oh. That's boss manipulation.


You are because you, that's financial abuse. You Right. Do he say yo nigga stop or else and she stop man time quick. So whatever he Got but she not stopping 'cause I'm the boy she's stopping 'cause I got something. That's what I'm saying. It is not 'cause I'm the boy, I get it But still abuse the boys Don't gimme no rights up here. That nigga I said that Made me get walked over more. Nigga If I said if I said the same Thing, yo. Hey I run shit up here. Oh yeah BB stand peace. If I said that to her she'd be like, yo Joe, talk to him. That's abuse. You know what yo Because you be saying you got guns.


When? I don't know if they really guns. My guns Is guns. I not all the time, Not all. Sometimes my sister you Call a bluff with a gun. Sometimes I don't play like that. If I say I Got it Got it. You said I Mel? Huh? I just heard you whisper. He will. No, no, no, no, No. I just heard you, you threw No, no, No, no. What I say I I literally just said sometimes you have like a cannon and sometimes you have a little pew pew. Yeah like a, like a water. But You always act like your pew. Pew is a fucking cannon. That's what he does. That's what he does. See I don't Do that. I don't play like that. So How Y going my bluff. How would you know I'm bluffing? Yo. They trying to play you son. I Got it. How would you know? I'm definitely trying to play you. They trying to play you son. How, how would you know I'm bluffing? They said you got a little picture. Nigga got pee peel. How you know when you trying to call me out to the carpet like they gonna, I'm just saying what I think that you want me to say.


Well I don't do that. You see what I do. I'm gonna offer you to fight before we even get to that carpet. And that's, that's, that's both gonna be hey because The nigga might be telling the truth. So let's fight for Even getting it. For even getting it. You know what, you know what? He never apologized to me for that. That's Not, that's not true. Yeah I did. You didn't apologize to me sincerely. You said yo if I said that Scorpio, he said if I said that my fault like nigga what you called this man out to a fight. He said yo, you wanna fight Corey Looking at this nigga like this. Everybody looking at Verne e was like sometimes niggas gotta fight. So E threw the sauce into it. So I got quiet 'cause I'm like okay is this a joke? But he was dead serious then he tried to continue the pod then I said, he said when the last time you niggas had a fight?


I said nigga right now nigga. Then I go, so he caused that whole thing and he never said, you know what flip I was wrong as a I did say that. No you didn't. And if I didn't say that then, then Nah I don't wanna nap because you said that last sentence. Last time I called you out nigga you said I don't wanna apologize when a nigga tell me to apologize. I don't want it now nigga. I just thought I had always apologized 'cause that was, I never want to behave that way. Especially to my man and somebody I love. I don't wanna talk like that. I don't wanna look like that appear that way personally, professionally. That was totally outta pocket for me outta character. And it was wrong. It will never happen again. That yes, That's his apology. It'll never happen again. It'll happen again. You ain't know everybody here with the exception of Mark in Parks the arcs with the exception of the arcs.


Everybody here you've tried to fight? No. Yeah. Oh conversation. No, He stood Down on that fan. Nah, no conversation. It's okay. Yeah. Yeah. And I do like a little workplace rumble. None of y'all are getting fired. Y'all gotta come back to work. It is, It is instead the nigga you fought It is my man. But look what you did with me an Ish. Who? Yo, don't break the table. Mel was like, oh you know I told him outside. Huh? You Know, tell him what I told you outside. Stop acting like you can fight me 'cause you can't beat me. Oh. Shit and what I said, I said Yo dog, stop. Well we argue stop bringing up fighting. I said yeah and what I said, I said because he Do do that. He do that. That's why I beat him to the punch. No because I beat him In the punch.


Just 'cause I know that it's gonna sometimes come. So let's walk outside right now. No, No. As older statesmen and as my elder elder statesman. Elder statesmen as my elders. You, you nigga, nigga speak to Nigga you 38. Right? 37. You niggas speak to aggressively, right? Like you could just talk regular. You could just talk and have a conversation. The aggressiveness, this nigga delusional. Don't do that Joe. Don't brush me off delusional. Because you know what I'm saying. John No you Don you not nowhere near. Right. Nobody here talks aggressive but you Okay. Alright, let's move on. You The only person in that, in this room and for the last few years, That speaks Aggressively to people. Really Joe? Yes. So the time with me It is going, that Mail started now with the motherfucker.


I'll never Tell you about my dad Again. You firing shots? Huh? Are you fing? No, I'm Chilling. I'm I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm Chilling. I saw that she was ever again. She started, she started doing Karen tweets like yeah, victim Karen tweets too. Why are they Karen Tweets? Because just stop deflecting. This is about you motherfucker. Very Good. Okay. Can Good. Put your phone away. Put your fucking phone away. Good. Very good man. You know ma you know ma, I just say when Isha and I was going at it, Ish got aggressive because he told Jr forget it. Nah nigga. Nah, nah, don't talk. Don't say that to JR Jr. Don't say that to j Nigga Jr is my Man.


Don't say that to me. I'm his father nigga. And I Said, because you start acting like a baby. Yo JR forget it. But I don't tell myself. Forget it. That's your man. That's your man. So you shouldn't have intervened parents. He's your nephew. Me and you should never me and you. Our issues should never reflect on him. Me. I'm just saying. That's how I, I'm about to tell them. 'cause they gonna make up their own narrative. I asked JR to do me a favor. Yes. JR came, I asked JR to do me a favor. Yes. This nigga says, yo, you got my son doing your favor. I Said, joking around. If he do something for me, I pay You. Did I pay? Hey that nigga could go get some Chipotle. That's A fact I pay. That's a fact. Like what we talking About. I said, all right JR. Nevermind. I Got mad. He Gets mad.


Mind your business. You can't do I'm his father. Like Jay Austen. He look at, yeah. All right. What's wrong with your man? All Yeah. Thank you. I love both of you. I'm sorry. Okay. Okay. That's your man. But you was outta line too. I apologize. And tell y'all's therapist about Yeah, I Gotta We talk about I Got it. Let's go You. Right? You right. We love y'all. I don't know where to go. I don't care about none of This shit. That's your man. I don't care about none of it. Well, actually, while we on the smoke, so let's do ISO for Mark. It is, It is Mark's first day. Let's do ISO for him. 'cause he's had, he's had an intense few days with Lord Jamar and I don't know where this was going. Yeah, yeah. But you, you tell everybody out there why you should not call Kamala.


Can we pause? 'cause I want to get on this conversation. I got a package downstairs and That is why It is my favorite. Remember this pocket? Yeah, it's good. Fuck this bro. It is the most, the cameras, the lights. Yo, I want to chime in on This shit. This is is really important to me. But just stop. 'cause I got a package of Mailman's going to come and do yo, where else could you hear somebody do that And not his house? Mad please. What other live taping do you hear somebody say, Hey pause. That produced topic. I got some mail Downstairs. Alright. Often, yo. But it's cool. Why?


'cause Mark was passionate about this. I'm clearing out this. Take your man one-on-one. Why should people not call Kamala Harris Redacted and redacted? I'm not gonna say it. Look, my my issue because I wasn't that passionate about it. Except seeing who does it. Because nobody here thinks you should call Kamala Harris the B word. Right. I don't, I don't Feel that way. Nobody thinks you should, I don't think you should direct that word at any, any woman unless it's in that friendly, playful, acceptable gossipy type of manner. But as far as regarding referring to them that way I know No. Yeah. And as a dude, I just don't use it at all. But Got it. But, but for me, it's like I'm watching Lord Jamar make a whole infomercial about why he's not voting for Kamala Harris.


Cool. Don't vote for Kamala Harris. That's your business. Right. I think his reasons are dumb, but you know, fine, but to say I'm, she's not qualified to work at a seven 11 and then to call her the B word. Right? Then you see Judge Joe Brown double down on it and called her sleaze, called her a hoe. And then there was the my man with the, with the Trump or tramp t-shirt, Avon Bellon Labon Bell. And it's like, why are we doing this? Like, like it It is weird to me. And, and, and I see a lot of black men in particular do it. And that's the ones who I'm most frustrated with. That's true. But that's funny you say that. I was just about to ask you, but don't you have to ask yourself why it's being done.


Does it matter? And if Yeah, it matters. I don't think nothing is excused. I don't think now one excuse justifies why it's being done. You're right. You're right. And I I I agree with that. We're throwing logic and logical people to the side emotionally. When you understand why people are doing it, it don't matter if the point is right or wrong. Their why ain't, Hey, this is, this is some wrong shit to do. So I'm gonna stop their why is related to something different Incentivized. Yes. Possibly by being paid by the Republican Campaign. Well, Avon Bell and them niggas got paid. Antonio Brown got, they, they got paid to go up there and do all of that. And Judge Joe Brown is Judge Joe Brown. Ain't I even paying him?


I I, he's just a piece of shit. I view Judge Joe Brown, like Judge Joe Brown. So even when his name was written on the board, I'm like, yo, I never wanna see Judge Joe Brown. Man, you definitely said that because why do we want to discuss anything that Judge Joe Brown got to say, cool. And then Lord Jamar is eh, and even his explanation for it. And that's the only thing I'll say and I'll tell us right back to you Lord Jamar's explanation for it was I was on another platform where It is hip hop. So We talk hip hop, I would say the Lord Jamar that we should want to represent hip hop a little better than that. Right. Because It shouldn't be, I'm on a hip hop platform. So bitch, bitch bitch ho fuck cunt scum tramp.


It's why are we not trying to bring hip hop over there and just show something different? That was disgusting to me. Right. I don't have an issue with him personally. I don't know him personally, but that explanation. And he and he walked her back. Yeah. And then he walked her back the next day or two days later and Apologize this Pierce Morgan, because I asked him directly on Pi Morgan. I said, look, why are you calling her to B word? Like, come on. Because, because I feel like we gotta call each other out in, in, in those moments. Like Thank, you, you know what I'm saying? And and that's when you say, yeah, it was hip hop and also that's not hip hop. Even in hip hop, you people don't rap about calling it gran nobody let my grandma made me some eggs. That bitch was blah blah blah. Like pe you like Kamala Harris is running for President You know what I mean. Like we never even in hip hop called our aunties and our grandmoms and, and, and people, we revered the B word.


That's like, that's not even a proper representation of hip hop. Even at its worst. I agree with that. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, why, why you, why you doing this? You know? And I agree, some people are being incentivized, which I don't respect, but some people are doing it for free Yo dog. But even if you do do or do not revere the fact that she's running for president, that's cool. Stand in your policy stand and whatever for a black man to publicly get up there and just be denouncing the black lady as a, that didn't do nothing to you, didn't do nothing To You agree with that. Like you don't know 'em, you don't know You know what I mean. And again, just because you don't like they policy, that's cool. You don't have To, I don't think that they know anything about her policies. And it depends On the person. Some of these people are knowledgeable about We're we're just talking about these particular three. Some of the, because these particular three right now, like it or not, they are representing the black male voice.


That's not true. I no, that's not true. I'm, I, even if they are, that don't mean that they're not knowledgeable About her politic, her policy. No, I'm not saying that that's my, per my perception, I'm saying that would be a generalized perception. Agree. Because what has been discussed right now is black men and their reticence of wanting to vote for her and, and talking about how they're voting for Trump. So this is just le like, I want to chime in because I think it's important. That's true. They're still separate and it's, and it's still not, we know it's separate and it's still not a majority of black men are voting for Donald Trump. It's, but it's important. It's still important to say, hey, there may be some what you said Evan Essence, what'd you say? Some the radison, whatever you said it might be.


Some of that. What I'm saying is there is a narrative being constructed right now. That's all I'm saying. True. We know that it's not true. When you have a critically thinking mind, you can see that these three are not representative of all black men. Not even fucking close. True. But you said that they don't know her policy and somebody can know her policy and just not agree with her Policy. Andrew. And you're absolutely right. That Is still just, It is still a bitch. Word ain't warranted. You're ly right. Ain't warranted none of that Warranted If I don't agree with your politic. And that's my point. I was just basically going to say that I would bet cold card cash that these these three particular men don't know shit about her policies. Coach Jamar definitely Don't. That's just, that's just my opinion. That's just my opinion. Which lemme ask You your question though Mark. So I heard what you said, but I kind of disagree because I do hear in hip hop, black men call older black women.


Bitches. Judges Sure. Parole officers, right. People who did harm to them. Hold on. Well who that's subjective because it's not subjective. Jamar don't know her. Listen, hold on what I'm saying because but you use hip hop, you saying hip hop, we don't do that. But that's not true. That's, that's the part I'm talking about. That's not true. People do that. Alright. And, and they may not look at Ms. Kamala as Kamala, Kamala upon me. They may not look at her as their auntie or anybody that they revered. So they gonna call out her name. That's what people do that in hip hop. You, you use hiphop as the stands that I agree with him. Hiphop should be represented better. That's a different conversation. That's saying that we don't do it. Because I could point out plenty of songs where niggas That is calling black women, older black women bitches.


Yes. Or young, It don't matter or young. Yes, I agree with I agree with that. And I'm not, I'm not saying that that doesn't happen to hiphop. I'm not trying to like romanticize hip hop all Got it. All I'm saying is that in general, in hip hop, we don't go around just randomly calling people who we have respect for or people who have but they don't have respect for her though. And, and, and, and that takes us to the next question. Right. Okay. Which is, which is why Okay, so that's which is why, okay, I don't know like if they, if if, if he, even if he had said Kamala is, is, is, is leading the genocide overseas, right? F that BI wouldn't like it, but at least there would be a connective line to it. Okay. He's just, he just don't like her and he, and, and so he's, I mean he's calling, he's calling a B 'cause frustration. She's black and a woman. So you think that no wait Yes, no, no.


Yes, yes. That's yes That Mel you yelling? Yes. That's the default. I don't think that no mark, I don't think that he's calling her a a b, he's calling her a B because she's a black and a woman. She's black and a woman. I disagree. I don't agree with that. That's not, I disagree. True. I'll even say because she's a woman. But it's absolutely not because we not because he doesn't believe in her policies, not because of the things that they think that they know. He disagrees. Yeah. Not because think here's why I say that. They are against, let's look, if we were to look up all the people he's disagreed with. Yes. He's disagreed with 'em a lot. Right. And all of the ones that he has disagreed with, he's given them equal smoke in Vitriol. And I'm good with the smoke, I'm good with the vitriol. But but what are we calling Donald Trump when we disagreed with, what are we calling Hillary Clinton when we disagree with her?


What do we call Barack Obama when we disagree with him? That's what I'm saying. He's not like Donald. Yeah Obama. That bitch ass nigga didn't didn't sign the welfare Reform. No they be yo, that house nigga, that cool ass nigga that block They do. They give it to him. I ain't heard, I ain't heard this And I ain't Mr. Political though. I ain't heard this part in, in droves like I hear about Congress. Of course not. No I never heard because she's not as popular. Any President-elect. Not Hillary, not Obama. Even when he was saying the birth certificates figure not black. Like still all some of the same shit. I never heard people, when you, somebody likes you, this Isis said this for three years. To me, when somebody likes you Dell defend You. right. No matter what's going on, Barack Obama was widely liked.


Yeah. Right. So nobody, he's not gonna get the same exact smoke that she's getting. People don't particularly care for her. So they giving her the shaft. I'm not agreeing with it and I'm not justifying it. I'm, I'm explaining why Barack Obama was liked, people liked him, people Be, he was definitely very popular. He was voted. He was voted. She's never voted. But I'll tell you what, that's a good point too. I will do this. What I will do is this. And I'm with you. I totally disagree with you. Yeah. I disagree with it. Calling That woman out our name. Especially now. If you wanna do that in March, nigga, then cool. But right this second, eh, not the best time, but the word got back.


They went to whatever closet to check the numbers and the metrics with the fax machine, whatever they look at to say, alright, we don't have a black boat fax Machine. Yeah. These, These, these companies, these people with all of the money got a different way that they look at metrics. Gotcha. They continue. So our metrics came back and said alright, we not, we don't have the, the blackmail vote. 'cause she went and got with Charlemagne and she went to, you know, it's a few weeks everywhere. It's a few weeks until it's time. So, but the one ad you did with the 20 V one balloon shit, did you see it? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Help us out. I, I didn't see it. I'm gonna play it. Okay. I'm gonna play it for you if I can find it.


But I guess that's my response to Mark in this moment. Let me play it first. What do you do and how much? Here we go. Hello ladies on Trey. And if you don't know, this is the 20 V one balloon challenge. A young black male walks up and they're gonna play the balloon game. Here we go. Hello ladies. I'm Trey. It's good To be. And What do you do and how much Do you need? I work in finance making six figures. How tall are you? Six five. Do you have a plan to vote in November? Nah, not my thing. And that's the end of the ad. The end of it says It is a great ad.


I couldn't disagree with you more. It's a Powerful ad. It's, I mean, It is encouraging people to vote. I I think that's great. It's a powerful, if you want pussy, make sure you vote for Kamala. Kamala. That's not what you saying. That's saying that's not ignorant, ignorant niggas like myself, not, you're not ignorant. I'm just say but Well, I consider that my comment basically saying it's a truth. The women are not gonna fuck with you because obviously you, you're going to do these dating shows to get shows picked by a woman. Right. So she's, he's six five, turn on, he's six five, he five turn on and he makes six days. He doesn't vote. Turn off. So what I'm saying is that yes, that's a turnoff. So that's what I'm saying. So basically you don't have a chance with these women if you don't vote, it's a deal breaker. Okay. I don't like that you painting a certain demo of black men to appear as non voters because you don't have the black male vote.


I don't think that's what It is at all. This to me reminds me of Biden up there telling Charlemagne that you're not black, you're not black, you don't vote. This has those same, those same Connotation. Yeah. Yeah. It don't, that don't feel good. I'm, I'm a young black man and I'm voting, why is this your imagery? Because you don't have the black vote. Even if I'm a little off, I don't think that her or her campaign is doing a great job of appealing to the people that she's trying to appeal to. I think that's right. I'm mature enough to say, hey, I don't necessarily rock with how that ad looks. Somebody else may say this, this, This be. So that's what I have for that.


I don't agree with it. Can I ask you guys a question? What should she be doing to, to make, make it, to make her attempt to attract the black male voter authentic and genuine? What should she be doing? Because I agree that this is controversial. It's, see, I I It is, It is dope. Yeah. It is controversial, but it can be taken the wrong way by somebody who's already really, really sensitive about it. And so there's a bunch of men that can look at that. Like, see she's shitting on us. That's not the way to fucking get us. Right. So I have a real question for everybody in this room because I'm sitting with black men. What should she be doing that could come across in a very genuine and authentic way?


It's scary. It's, that question is scary for me to answer that question is scary. I just want to say that I have an answer. You do. I have an answer too. I don't because this is what, this is what to me is problematic about this question. For me it's problematic that I think that a white man is finding better ways to connect to the young black male vote than the black woman. He just went to McDonald's and served up fucking fries. That's Not connecting with us. That is and the way that's gross. But she said that and not me. True. I know she said that. Not me the way, But that's one of his ways.


That's not to connect to black men. That's the way to connect to us. I think that Donald Trump for most, wait, alright, go ahead. I think the ways that he is quote unquote attempting to connect to us are low key jabs and insults at us. I'm open to that too. Like if you go get this hip hop dude that's going to jail you, we, we've heard black men saying, yo, I fuck with Trump more 'cause he got felonies on his jacket. He's more relatable. That's an insult to us. But on the flip side of that coin, I'm gonna get some of these niggas outta jail. True. Yeah. Okay. And so now some of them that's in there. That's what I was gonna say. I'm getting them out. So who, and he's getting he Wait, hold up, hold on. I don't want to who her Dunno about.


What'd you say? You dunno about it. Yeah. Who for Kamala. Harris. Yeah. Yeah. Not individuals. He's not, he's not, if you're talking about like pardoning people problem one. No, no, no. She's talking about systemic change. So for example, we're gonna make all these we defense, I don't care. I'm talking about marketing, talking about, but lemme ask question. I'm not saying she's, hold on. I'm not saying she's never done it. Right. I'm saying how he's doing It. His marketing plan is better, Is resonating with young black men. Maybe. 'cause I ain't checking no facts A little more, it seems a little more sincere. Yo, when he brought trick trick out in Detroit, boy was I mad Boy was I mad about it? Not because it's trick trick coming out for Donald Trump in Detroit, but because who does he have in his team that That is this nigga.


Is that influential? That trick. Trick is Detroit It is the, if you want a young black man that's true. Like, that's what I'm saying. True. He did that in New York with Chef G. Do I think that Donald Donald Trump knows who Chef G and fucking them niggas are You, right? Hell no. That's true. But who do you have in your camp that's telling you That's the one to choose? Go get these people your story, what you're trying to say will resonate with this. Hey, go to them barbershops over there. Like you're talking about sincerity and being genuine. What says that more than barbershops? Nothing But there's But like, I'm not putting this on the presidential candidates.


No, the team, I'm putting this on the team, the teams and that's just what troublesome. But wouldn't you guys look at her visiting barbershops as being completely fucking like convoluted? No, it depends. That's not true. I think some people would think she's Mel's. Right? Right. Yo, if you don't like somebody you'll say, yo, this, this bee is going to these barbershops. Right? And pandering. She's pretending to be black trying to, when she was locking less people will say it than when you go to Roscoe's and get the chicken and grits and eat watermelon on the, nah, that's a white dude. Less people will say it. No, but that as a white dude, that's what they tried to do. His team said, yo, I want him to resonate with the blacks. So let me go over here to Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles. I look at that as insulting.


Yeah. Yo, but, but no It is insulting. It's insulting to, to us It is insult insulting. But to other people they think that that resonates. So okay, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna pardon Wayne or I'm gonna partner Kodak or I'm gonna partner whoever. I'm looking at that for what It is, which is a marketing ploy. But the other people that may not see that are looking at that like, yo, he resonating with us. He fucked with us. Yo, even whoever told him to go get shot. I'm not playing with agree with you playing. I'm, I do, I'm had to be a cockamamie brain back there to say, not once but twice. Lets try it again. I'm I'm agreeing with you. Hey, they forgot about all the favor we gained back then try it again. Whatever brain is coming up with This shit. The nigga's son sat with Ack.


I'm agreeing with you. Yeah, he's going on Rogan. They just announced Friday. They did Schultz. They just announced he did Schultz. But forget about Schultz for two seconds. He's going on Ro and they announced Friday the top six podcasts amongst black male in this age group. What? We might be five. Charlemagne is two. So Kamala hits there. Guess who's number one? You guessed it. Yeah. Rogan Joe. Fucking yeah. Rogan by mile. Who? Way more than the mile. Way more than mile. It's a a mile, right.


Joe Rogan has more audience than, I'm not even gonna say the slight potential partners in the future, but that's what I'm saying. Why can't Kamala go with number one? I think not even the people, just number one versus number two. I heard she's planning on doing that though. Hopefully it's too late. But I think not too late. It is, I think it's a part of do everything. Do everything. I don't wanna say it's do everything in all fairness to her, in all fairness to her. And I'm not trying to cater for her and make excuses. She got tossed in so they didn't have a plan. Like if you writing a book, it's not time for that. Then on October, hold, let finish, let me finish. She just, bro, she been running for president for two and a half months, three months.


I understand. But along with all that money gotta figure out right Within the first 48 hours also has to come with, she should have went to the should. So now you gotta get your team in place. He already had a team and Not only that, now she has to, he's already been president. She has to get her team in. And he's that, that's pivotal. Which is how he can pardon people. She can. And the, and the last time we had one of these talks, somebody did reach out to somebody, to somebody that knows me and said, Hey, such and such for Kamala's campaign would like to come up there and discuss the points that we were talking about about her trying to appeal to black men. And That is where you lose the pulse on the culture. didn didn't reply. Thank you comma such and such. Yes, we big enough and we got enough reach to the masses that she's supposed to come sit her ass up here such and such.


With all due respect. Yes, with all due respect. That's the problem. I would love for that to happen. However, no, where is she? Yes, that's true. That's what's supposed to happen. Percent. To answer your question, that's a thousand percent correct. Okay. But, but, but let me say this though because I I was just pulling up her actual initiative. She, there's marketing and then there's actual policy. Kamala Harris made a, an actual policy plan for black men that she put out Last week, which means nothing if you lose the Marketing. No, I'm not, I'm not against And that's unfortunate. Yeah. That's what's unfortunate. 'cause that's what should be marketed right now. And and it and it has in it Oh, Shit, go ahead. A million, providing a million loans to develop black male entrepreneurs Love it championing education, training and mentorship programs that help black men get good paying jobs number, it's five of 'em.


Number three, a regulatory framework for cryptocurrency and other digital assets. So black men who invest in and own those assets are protected. Number four, launching a national health equity initiative focused on black men that addresses sickle cell diabetes, mental health, prostate cancer and other health challenges. And number five, legalizing recreational marijuana and creating opportunities for black Americans to succeed in this new industry. So even just with number five as an example, if you actually legalize drugs, in this case weed, you'll, it will lead to fewer black men going into prison. Ex carceration, getting more black men out of prison decarceration. And that's way more important. That's than liberating Lil Wayne. Lemme ask you a question. That's An insult. Insult. Lemme ask you a question real quick.


Mark. How much times as as young black men, how much times we seen people promise us things and it didn't come through? Oh no, I I agree lot. So what I'm saying is that that's not gonna wanna solve those, those shit is not nobody want to hear that. But we, we've actually seen that executed. I'm saying we actually seen that. Not, not, not Obama politics. Obama under Obama. Yeah. Yeah. They legalized, he literally nigga decriminalized weed and, and, and stop privatized federal prisons. A lot of young black men. But Obama won to market it. Yeah, He did. I agree that the marketing is bad here. We all agree on that. Trump. Trump. But listen, I'm not, listen, what I'm saying is that a lot of promises was made and they didn't happen. That's it. That's how a lot of niggas is looking. I, But that's then why trust then why trust Trump? And, and, and another, because he, he showed example about freeing some of the niggas, marketing, the marketer's just marketing.


And on top of that, she's, why don't she go to the jails and speak to the, because that, that's, that's what a lot of people have issues with her about. Right? But y but why do y'all have this? And look, I'm not, she didn't even have to Do that the same way she focused on no do marketing playing on, on, on her female sororities. I'm not college man. Focus on the dudes. Yes. If you stay in your ballpark, do anything to get the Dudes. And I, I feel like that's what she's doing. But I feel like we are holding her to a, a unfair standard. I I do too. And lemme be clear, I am not a Kamala Stan at all mean, you know, I'm, I'm a lifelong green party member. You know, I'm not saying, I'm not telling people to do anything right now. Although I think Got it, I think Kamala's a much better choice than Donald Trump Got it. And I think we have to stop Donald Trump from being president no matter what. But what I will say is, and I'm voting for Kamala no matter what, just so I'm clear in this argument.


Yes, Understood. That's My vote. And if I were voting today, I would vote for Kamala Harris too. And I'm in Pennsylvania where it matters, not be, but that actually can s sue the election jersey New York. Don't matter. But if, if Kamala Harris being, don't say Don't say it like, but don Don, like, Don't matter. He saying it don't matter in that Tone, nigga. He's sensitive. Calm. Everybody calm. come On Man. Everybody cool. So, so what I'm saying is like, I hear people saying, I'm not voting for Kamala Harris because she's not black, for example. I hear a lot of people saying that and then they're gonna vote for a white man.


So like, what is the logic in that? None. You okay. Voting for non-black people. Just not her. There's no logic related business. She has sex with too many people. Donald Trump has been credibly accused of sexual assault. He has been, he's he's been not, No, he's not accused. He's been convicted and he's civilly and he's been civilly found guilty of these things. So what I'm saying is like, you, you think because you, she has some rumor of her having sex in the, oh my god, a woman had sex. Right. That suddenly disqualifies her. But suddenly Donald Trump, who is known to have sex, he got, I mean he, again, he is the stereotype. I think I said this before, he is the fucking stereotype. Sure. Right. He, he's, he's got all the things, he's got all the pathologies, all the baby mamas, all the, all the it. And yet that's okay. Just not Kamala, Harris maybe having dated a couple.


It's related ability. You don't want to hear, feel like they can relate to that nigga, Listen to this. Don't. It Was the Nineties. Williams was giving me an aneurysm when I walked in here today. She don't have a pulse on the culture. 'cause them five things that Mark just named to me. He doesn't either. She didn't reach nobody. Yes he does. He has a better pulse on the culture as a white man because, No, because somebody in his Can now, please let me finish. That's their team. So he going to get the credit with his team. Yes. His team is convincing him to go shoot at these young black males. And you target these specific things and you gonna win 'em over. Whether it's genuine, not, it don't matter. The five things that Mark just listed for me, most of That is bullshit to the average man running around them. Average man running around could care less about cryptocurrency.


The average man running around could care less about getting into the weed business. But the first two was about home ownership and, sorry, let him Finish. The, the, the, the, the, the first one was about giving loans to people, not about home ownership. It was about giving loans. So the average Joe Schmo, black man running around, most of those things don't even, and I'm voting for Kamala, I'm just being objective here. Most of those things that she listed as her initiative to help black men don't help the average black men. They might help Antoine 'cause I could take advantage of some of that shit. But I'm in a financial position and I have enough knowledge in which to take advantage of that shit. The average black man running around, they don't, you know who they relate to? Wayne and Kodak. He went and got Wayne and Kodak. He went and got sports figures to come up there on the stand for him.


He went and got Amber Rose to come on the stand for him. He has a better pulse on culture than him. You bring your head, you tiling your head back. But it worked. Somebody in his team was smart enough to say that it did do something. Okay? And so then it Did do something. And I'm off of this, I'm off for this Happens. That's my frustration. That's I'm, I'm gonna put it real simple. I think too many black men want to be white men. Okay? No. Just listen to me. Just, just hear me out. Just hear me out. I'm not saying y'all, 'cause y'all don't, I Don't Agree with that. But what I'm saying is when they look at Donald Trump, the thing that they aspire to, they don't give a fuck about Donald Trump's policies. They don't know Donald Trump's policy. Hers either. Agreed. So they're not thinking about policy, but they love the way Donald Trump move in the world. Think about how much Donald Trump got wrapped about before he became the Republican and wasn't cool to do anymore.


Black people wanna be rich like everybody else. Black people wanna be famous and powerful like everybody else. And for most people, and especially black men, right now, the image of That is a white man. Donald Trump is who we want to be. And that's why Donald Trump gets the votes from people, even when it's against their own interest. That's what fucks me up. If you wanna be Donald Trump, 'cause he helps you fine vote for Kamala Harris. If, if she helps you, fine. But then that's not what they voting on. Yes. If You wanna reply to that, Mel, if you wanna reply to that, then, then close us out. If not, then I'll let that be a close. I think that's just a, that's, I think that's a horrible surface assessment. I don't, I don't Know. So why Obama won? We believed in him, Which means it's not about wanting to be a white man. But, but, but what?


Belief? Belief. He resonated with the people. They believed in his message. Yes. They believed in his marketing. They, they, nobody could tell you they voted for Obama because his policy was X, Y, and Z. 'cause most people are not that politically sound. Yeah, I agree. They don't know policy. They believed in this man. So whatever he was doing to resonate with them, it worked. The same thing that Donald Trump is doing. Wait, wait, wait. Hold on a second. Wait. And then you go, what's Interesting? And then somebody close. Okay, Fine. Sorry. What's interesting about That is the fact that we already have a working example. Donald Trump was in office. What did he do for black people other than Pardon? A couple of rappers?


No. What did he do for black men? Black women black. I'm gonna tell you what they paid for. And, and that was my exact point. The jerry form. I was about to say, most people that don't know shit about politics say Donald Trump got us, us The money. Jeremy, you better. He got us the money. He got us the money. Yeah. Which is bullshit. It is Bullshit. It really is bullshit. But Look, stop. Great marketing plan. It's bullshit. It's great marketing, but marketing works. And now when you say why you voting for Donald Trump, everybody That is black. That I know said yo. Because when Donald Trump was the president, we got the bag. They got stimulus packages that were covid based. It wasn't because Donald Trump, Donald Trump was denouncing covid. He said shit was fake. Exactly right. They don't care about the truth. They care about what it looks like and what the people are saying. Unfortunately. So Donald Trump said, yo, I'm gonna give y'all $600 extra a week in y'all check.


They, they, they think that, that he get he Did that, right? Like Congress didn't do it. Right. Exactly. Congress didn't do it. He did that. I agree. You get what I'm saying. Yo, PPP money, whatever the fucking case may be, people in the hood was coming up off of that. So they feel like Donald Trump is an advocate for that, which is false. We might know it's false because we might have more information, but she's not doing anything to combat what their perceptions of him are. I'm not saying that black men wanna be any white man. Alright. Closings on you Now because to your, to your Obama point. I I'm, I don't think that black men wanna be any white man. Parks. I think there's certain kinds of white men. They don't wanna be John McCain, right? Who Obama beat. They don't be Mi Romney who, who Obama beat. They want to be what Donald Trump projects represents. Yeah. He represents power, unchecked power, no accountability, you know, be able to do whatever he wants.


It's the same thing that happens. Like when, again, like when people like Bill Cosby, whoever get in trouble, people always say why they don't do that to Epstein. Why they don't do that to Matt. They always pick white men and say the what about him? Right. And it's not that they want those white men to get treated like the black men. They want the black men to be treated like the white men. They, our vision of freedom is tied to whiteness. And, and It is not just black men. I'm just saying in the Oh, in some instances I agree, but not in this one. I don't agree on this because I, I just see so many black men talk to me about Trump and, and their odds get big. They start smiling. They, you know, like flip with Kate Clark and it's, and it's like they, they get so excited. They get so excited. Man, you pander a lot. You pander. You gotta stop that. I'm not pandering. I've been calling you on that pand shit. You gotta stop that.


I, that's not pandering. You have to stop it because a lot of shit you just saying because what the fuck is pand? A person is black or a person is white or you don't, you don't, and you a guy with facts. But sometimes you don't be saying the facts to me sometimes. What facts? I ain't say like, like, like listen, they were, if you talking about the Caitlyn girl, they was mistreating her. You didn't acknowledge that. You talking about I don't agree. All right. But they were, I still don't agree. They had highlights that she was getting more abuse than any player. She has the highest user rate what I'm saying. Cool. And we gonna, we gonna move on 'cause he wants to move on. Play that. Wow. I mean I asked four of y'all to close it.


I was trying, y'all still Passionate. So now I'm bringing out my news theme song. Look what y'all made me do. I like that. Next to BBC. That was next to BBBC. come on. I like chill out man. Chill out. We did it. See, look, look off. Hey hold up. Yeah, in closing. I like, I think that's good. I think it was needed. Flynn. Look at these nigga. Mel ain't get that shit off Frustrat man. Mel had a lot to say. Mel had a can ready.


She said hold on, you go. And tomorrow on the 3:00 PM news, We have a black dark. Lamont is Dark. Lamont hill, Ishmael An and Mel with the weather. Why do I have to be relegated to the weather? Thank? you I was just about to ask that. Oh my. That that, that was sexist sex. You ain't saying that at the knock itself out video. Don't say it here girl. Hey, if You ain't saying that, all the video shoes a lot weather nigga outside the sun was shot. Yeah. Now you want to come up here with all fucking backbone and spines. I just wanted know how sexy you would've looked jumping in that pool.


I wouldn't have been jumping in the pool. What Would you have been doing? Not Jumping in the pool, pouring, pouring the mot on you. Fuck you talking about? Oh, You can't say that Ba Don't do that. You know how, oh man. Yo, What else, what else, what else? What else is important or unimportant actually kind of related, but maybe not Abercrombie and Fitch homeboy sex trafficking. What Happened? Mm, Okay. What's up man? The former CEO of Abercrombie and Fitch was arrested on Tuesday alongside his partner Matt Smith and Jim Jacobson as part of a federal sex trafficking investigation led by the FBI and prosecutors in Brooklyn.


Alright, what do you Thank you did the news voice too. In Brooklyn. In Brooklyn. It pops out every once in a while. Yeah. Yo. But they were sex trafficking males. Yeah, it's stemming from a civil lawsuit filed by alleged victims who claim that the trio sexually exploited young men at lavish, lavish parties that they hosted in the US and abroad luring them under false pretenses of modeling opportunities. Ooh, boy. It doesn't that just happen to women now. Does it? Yeah. I wish they fixed that law where you can't lie to somebody about giving them a job so you could bring 'em back to the group. You can't say now this is the wrong time to say that. And this is totally unrelated from stop. Stop. But why new Law?


You can't do that in sex abuse. Shut, fuck. So I'm clear that's, this is crazy. But when it's not sex abuse, I should be able to lie to you and say I gotta a gig for you. Definitely got how many videos shoot I made yo girl. So Hey girl, tomorrow I'm shooting a bid Next week. Yeah, Hell you want coming? Oh well She ain coming in no video. Shoot nigga. Yo, this is crazy. You can't do this. She gotta be all the way out. Alright, Go ahead. I have no comment on that. You know that nigga threw $10,000 in strip clubs nigga, six years ago. Nigga. That's labor. There's free work they working for, they're working For money. Nah, but I got no problem with that. Nah, but then you hit 'em with the line. You news supposed to be in here. Yeah. Yeah. Yo, that's your life.


No, that's what I, let me, let me get you outta here. I don I don't do that. Let me save you. Good. There's so many jobs out here girl. Yeah, I did that one time. Promise surety in Vegas. Love a hip hop gig. But she ain't want it. And you wasn't going, you wasn't going be able to get her. I wasn't going to. You ain't gonna try get that at all. Wasn't to call Mona ever? Not at all. You. No, I don't promise nobody nothing. But sometime when I go in there, I gotta leave because they want me to be more positive. You know what I mean. Like I've gotten lap dances where she like, I really love what you Do for the community. Do you know how comfortable That Is? Hey Ma, communities, community, disgusting fucking All these You you was my graduation speaker.


I was like, Because now you're giving me a commitment. Let's be clear. She was, it was 10 years after her graduation. She was old enough to Oh. yeah, you clean it up. No, not clean it up. Clean up. It was like she was probably like 30 But my boy Did you stop the dance? I was just thinking no, I just thinking that wasn't must have been a very good speech. Like were Holy shit say that. I'm just saying it wasn't very motivational. I kidding. She's kidding. Entrepreneurial. No, I have no problem. Look how you look down on women. You cleaning up. I have no problem with people dancing. I really don't. I have no problem with no it's labor. Women should be do what they want. True. As long as they're not being exploited. Nobody's taking their money so they're not being abused. I ain't got no issue with that. Respect that, that, that's all I'm saying.


I think we shame we shouldn't we shame dancers too much. Not no more your choice, your voice. We, yeah, not no more. This is society. Nobody in this room, In this room. Oh okay. Nah. Dance is lit nigga. The dancers is Shit. Talking about The bartenders is lit nigga. Hello. Hello. Right. That nigga pouting it. Get you in trouble nigga. Right. Pouty eyes and shit. Risk feeling better already. Every time y'all say strip love my wrist, just get more than no. Yeah. Fuck that. It's an art to it. Yo. This guy It is crazy. Son. That nigga said I want my thousand dollars to last an hour. He did. Said, said too you, I want a thousand dollars to last the night.


You crazy nigga. A thousand dollars in a strip club. Hey Mark, do you know what I Gotta do to earn a thousand dollars? I get it then don't go to strip club. Wait, wait. Don't act like you gotta do a lot nigga. You sit here and talk now you taking it too. Way more than that. Now you're Taking it too far. Who? Way more than you. Crazy with the, do you know what I have to do to earn a thousand Dollars? Sit and talk nigga? No. Yeah. That's what you think. Word. Sit and talk. That's what everybody think. And you a great talker nigga. That's what everybody think. You gave a runda in my head. I'm like, yeah, get that nigga. I don't give a fuck. I'm a trouble not competing. I know you're not. But in my mind, I I I, I set up competition. I was sitting here 'cause this nigga kept cutting me off. So, and I'm gonna talk to him about that later. I was setting up competition in my mind. Oh. yeah. you know I was sitting up, I was like, oh damn.


It is, yeah Ish and he was coming back but at the same time you sit here and talk for a thousand hours. Way more than that. So you can't use that example. You don't know What I make for the talk here. One. Number Two, It is more than a thousand dollars. Ishmael. That's Not Well and don't make it sound like you had got toot your ass up in the air to make, make a decent living. You sound sitting, We're answering your question. You sit down on the couch and make some money. You're not out there on the strip at the junction. And they make more money than me. I don't know That s that you watch your mind. What junk are you talking about now? Your pocket watching the fucking I'm not pocket watching. No your pocket. That's what you call your friends. Literal holes. We're not talking about my friends, About the girls. He talking about he talking about the stroll nigga like Pennsylvania Avenue.


Oh, outside Hus Hudsons Point. Like those Yeah, they might make more money than me too. What the fuck you talking about? You got a big dog. This is the job from hell. Nobody said any of that. Look at you right Down. That's not, That's 'cause y'all take it like that. That Do you know what I have to do for a thousand dollars? And if she's making more than you selling vagina, aren't you okay with that? You don't wanna sell some Dick? Yes, I, I'm agreeing with I'm not opposed to, I'm not opposed to that. What I'm telling you is, nigga I don't make a thousand dollars an hour so I'm not going nowhere giving nobody else a thousand dollars an hour. What the fuck are we talking about? You just said okay, I respect. He said it's not fiscally responsible. I get it. I don't make a thousand dollars an hour and it never is fiscally responsible.


It's just fun as hell. That's why people do it and I'll do, that's it. That's it. I don't do it anymore. But when I did do it, Well you don't do it because you Know 10,000 at least last me a week. Come on, walk, come on. 10,000 Last year, week. I don't do it because I don't enjoy it anymore. Hold up. How many days a week you go to strip club hour average? My girl's listening. Chin know Oh, Shit Oh Shit. Yo can't assault somebody first. Jessica Read the contract. You can don We don't assault people. He, he know why I did This shit. But? yeah. Oh he know why I assaulted him. Okay, so thing how many, how many days a week you go to strip club? Twice? Jesus you are my girl listening.


My girl's listening. I gotta die with what? I die with a new and the beef all so cool. You know you lost though, right? You almost lost Just 'cause sometimes I make $10,000 last two weeks. So, but you go two but you go two times a week, maybe three. Which is depends. That's six times. Yeah. So you stay in there for how long you stay in there? Two hours a time. Not that long. Huh? A week, three hours. Three days a week, two weeks. 6, 9, 12. Well he just said that when he left Parks on He was only up hold. Don't I don only help in my one B one. I need help. I Got it. I got him. I know where he's going and have already surmised my, which means you? Which mathematically says you spend over a thousand dollars. You spend a thousand dollars less than a thousand dollars an hour. Okay.


Are you ready? s go. You ready? Look at me. Don't look at him. Look at Me. The glamorous always Look at me. The fuck saying I gonna always be able to give you the rule. Ready when it comes to these strip clubs. Ish. If I get in the strip club at 1:00 AM you going by a dollar is not coming out till two 30 Maybe. So you've been in there an hour and a half and you ain't spent a penny. None of that matters until It is time to spend $1. And you only talking about Dancing. You talking about Liquor two? I'm not talking about liquor. No, I'm talking talking about money at ball at a dance club get when I go in the strip club, I hell need no assistance.


You've been in the club at Alex? Hey actually Mel seen me in the strip. Well you've seen me. People seen me in the strip club. I go in, sit down, order my juice and get the vibing first feeling the music the situation. I go get mac and cheese. No, I'm sitting at the situation. No we assessing. No. Yeah but I knew at 2:00 PM that my situation was working. So I'm sitting there and I'm enjoying a vibe for two hours. I don't the family girl, yada yada yada yada. And when I go get the ones every strip club in New York City, no they put 'em in a bag for me. I hide them. I hide them the time don't start until a dollar come out. True. So now that's very different from getting in there, getting a stack and then holding hostage.


I don't show nobody no money until I'm ready to throw it. That's what I got for you. Me either. And my hoodie Thursday. You with me? My money Thursday? You with me? I want my thousand dollars though. Okay. I need a report from This shit before we walk in there Thursday. Oh that's bet 15. You gotta throw that shit up. It is money. Give you 1500. He ain't gonna throw it. He gonna take it home and buy Infamil. Ding Ding ding. You gonna take it home and buy some stupid shit Similac Chad. Stupid, stupid shit. Feed your kids. Yeah you gonna take kids like a fucking dog. Dumb ass rattle. He gonna take my money and go to Baby Gap or some shit. Fuck outta here Baby. Gap around no more. Oh man. This guy. What you thought? You awful quiet here. Oh he don't go. He send his people with me. Oh that's the word he sent his people with You.


Well I used to throw money one time. How much? One time. What's your max? 1500. Once. How long Were you in the club Start this? I was showing off couple hours about, no, no, no. About two hours. Just a couple coming there. Spin King is in there. Yo. Fuck I gotta show off. Shout To Spin. King Was, that was a one time thing. But I used to get Disked because I would go in the strip club and use my fake popularity and not spin anything and people would just be around me. I ain't know that downstairs installers bitches was talking about that. They was like, this nigga is corny. They about him too. Until I, until I went downstairs and found out they Talking about him downstairs and Starlings.


It got crazy. Eric, Amanda, she put me on like, oh nigga, that's why I fucked with Her. They talking about him downstairs a saint. You know he really didn't buy that kind of money. Damn. You know he really didn't buy it. He was dead ass about This shit. It's crazy. You don even buy snacks and you know what's so crazy it hit when you think you're doing something it hit different when the bitches are do it hit different flip when you hit. I'm just telling you that was a reality check that I needed. Is that a Normal thing? The guy's going downstairs to wear the strippers. It is Not get dressed and stuff like that. No that was really white shit. You just did. Yeah, everybody does. Is not privy to the lock. You can't go downstairs? No you can't go downstairs. No. You just gotta know somebody who's down there hearing the talk and calling you so you could hear it or bringing it back to you.


Facts. That's it. But niggas ain't just in the locker room with the girls. Yeah I didn't so no I went down. Well I knew Kevin and stuff like that. I went downstairs. But like I said, Erica Menna put me on. She booked me to the side. She called me like, nigga you crazy. You I got you. You looking crazy. Yeah. You bought a bitch some earring. I and you It is some bullshit. That's Yo. And because I got a little mold down there in the locker room. I know how many of y'all is paying rent and mortgages. Talk about it. I know How many of y'all are purchasing cars and vehicles? Talk About it Lisa. I know. How many of y'all are fucking buying the kids school clothes? I know exactly what all of y'all are doing. The bust down is my little ball. Yeah. It is a dangerous game out and A lot of y'all got fake shit too.


Who? And guess who don't play not bust down. You Ding, ding ding. Nigga won an award for not playing you damn right. You won't have me down there girl. That trick ass nigga. I don't have. Yeah that's Did We discuss the Abercrombie of Fish? Dude Ain. She Crazy. Ish. We just did. Yeah we just did. I think we just all agreed. That is this you Bob bitch a Pontiac. Alright, whatever you buy girl. A Pontiac a you shit y'all got this. I got this used 2002 Pontiac. You could A Pontiac still a thing. No it don't exist no more. What? They went outta business. Yeah. See you. I ain't seen a Pontiac in ages. I had one. They went out of business. That's Crazy. That's Ish bag and Saturn Itch bag is a good bitches like you want Saturns right going.


That's not my Bag. Ish. You let bitch drive you Saturn. Yeah. I can't. If somebody wants to befriend me then they befriend me. I'm not paying for your friendship. And if they say your Ish, I need help. And you have a 1990 Saturn sitting in the LA in the in the, in the parking lot. Oh. yeah you you got that exactly. Ish. That's your man Can ride around with that. So generous. Before we end, I want to say my heart, my heart does go out to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Oh man that was rough last night. What happened LA last night from Mike or two nights ago from Mike Evans and Chris Godwin was crazy. They were having an unbelievable season sitting at fucking what?


Lost both of 'em last night. Five and two. Two ago two. Yeah. They were five and two lost both for what looks like the season. Yeah. Baker Mayfield what I think is leading the league in fucking touchdowns or yards or some shit like they were having He's played well. Yeah, they were having a year and And they count him out every year. Not only playing well but I want to take a second to highlight Baker Mayfield word. Right. Not just playing well but had his ass handed to him outta Cleveland. Yeah. Like really got railroaded outta there with a horrible smear campaign and media blitz to his character, to his work ethic. Tried to him Johnny Manzel, so forth and so on. Yeah. Johnny Manzel part two. They tried to yeah. Is what they tried to do. Was tough for him to get a gig.


Anyway, Tampa Bay brought him in. He got a follow behind Tom Brady and that championship team. Right. And to bring him where he brought him last year and to sit at five and two before these two horrific injuries. I don't think Baker Mayfield name get talked about in the proper light enough. So I just wanna highlight him, him, him. I just had a conversation the other day on my man, him Gino Smith. Yeah. And my man named three people. Him, Gino Smith and somebody else. All Joe Flocko. Nah it was somebody but Joe Flocko. iss another one. Sam Donald. Sam Donald though Sam them three right there. I'm putting Joe Flocko in that same group fan. Yeah. The think what they've done when they left those respective organizations and turned green.


It just go, it speaks volumes. But yeah, baker Merrifield was going crazy. I think that he just had to grow. Yo, I think he came outta college. He was a little, he was a little Johnny Manzel show. Yeah. To be honest. And I think what what happens is when you start thinking I'm the shit, shit and shit clearly wasn't, I think you talking about swag, sauce and Aura. That's what I'm talking about. But they tried to tie that to his work ethic, his ability. And we've seen the Johnny Man Manzel story. Yeah. So it's different. Bacon Manfield could have went somewhere and took $500. $500 per autograph. Yeah, he didn't, he stayed on the job when they was kicking his back and And It is delivering. But go ahead. Yeah. So I just think that sports has a way of humbling You. right.


I think when you come outta high school, when you come outta college, grown people have been kissing your ass since you was in middle school. True. Literally. Right. And I think that you go to high school, you all world, you go to college, you all American, you get drafted and then things sometimes don't pan out. And I think they are humbling situations for a lot of these men. And then I think once you damn near be on the verge of getting out the league and you get another shot, I think it's when you find your purpose. Cleveland also has been notoriously not good at developing graveyard quarterback. So the graveyard. I also like to remind giant fans that Daniel Jones has been there six years and I think if he left the Giants and went somewhere else, I think he'd blossom. I wish he would, you know, I like Daniel Jones.


I wish he would take them. Never take em. Have at it. Have at it. It is time to watch Saquon do what he's doing and then still look at Daniel Jones and $140 million y'all gave him Sick to my stomach. But it's fine. I don't have anything else that's near and dear to my heart. I don't even know the Lamar Odom story. If one of y'all wanna brief me quickly, we didn't talk about the Tyler record. That's true. That should have a slapped Too. Can somebody pull up that record so I could hear it in the meantime? What did Lamar Odom say? So it was dis, oh sorry. It was discovered in Liam Payne's autopsy that he was, that he had something called pink cocaine. Wait, Say that again.


Go ahead, say it again. Play your fucking shit. So it was, it was determined during Liam Payne's autopsy that he was said to have had pink cocaine in his system, which is a drug cocktail known as pink cocaine. Like I said, a mix of ketamine, methamphetamine and ecstasy. So Lamar Odom says that, yeah, I had that shit in my system and it caused hallucinations and to hear voices. So that's probably why things ended the way that they did. That was his take on things. Pink Cocaine is the name of the concoction. Yes. That's like party mix. That's like when they put the pretzels with the Cheetos. Oh Shit. And in the, in that bowl. In that big ass bowl mix in there too.


The big top don't it up bullshit mix. That's the Coke Chex mix. We're fucked up Thank you to Lamar Odom for sharing that. The rest in peace. I think Lamar Odom would and should know. Rest in peace to Liam pain for sure. But and again, be careful. Be careful with what you consume, how you consume it and where you get it from. I think is the over overarching story here. Point true. Yeah. Rest in peace. But I mean I can imagine. I believe the hotel, when they say he was bugging out for a few days in there. Yeah they said that. That people were go in there. He wouldn't let 'em in the room. Yeah, I believed them. You locked him in the room and they, if y'all found some shit in the system that helps to explain why these things were occurring then cool.


Awesome. Yo not doing a TV breakdown of anything. But last night I just happened to click on some shit on Max called on the run the Lori DSO story or the Lowell Nelson story. It's a girl, it's a old lady's like a grandma. She killed the shit outta her husband. Left the dead body there for 12 days as she ran some errands using his card. Dipped from the police, ran to another town and then befriended some chick and killed her too. Oh Shit tired. Wow. She's right up your alley. Gotcha. Fell asleep on episode one, two part series. Check it out. It's not an ad. I think they changed the law.


You gotta say when the ad is there. It is not ad It is just some fly shit. Oh nah, I'll check that out. It's really, really good. It is really, really good though. It is not an ad either but Colin Farrell in Penguin bro. It's killing it. I'm not caught up. It don't matter You up to like episode four or five. I'm at the boy, the A, the acting job that he's doing in Penguin fans. He's the greatest. You do not know that. That's Colin Ferrell. Right? Really? Like you forget that it's him. I still don't know who you're talking about. You know Colin Ferrell nigga? No I know him. Where's he at? In penguin. Penguin's Penguin. You didn't know that. That's how good a job he doing. That's the penguin. Colin Farrell's Penguin. It is penguin. Yo. Yes you did that.


Wow. He's bodying that shit shame me. I'm I'm not, I just shame me though. Yes, yo. He's killing that shit. Yeah I did not know that. That nigga is, he's bodying that shit. He's really killing This shit. I did not know that. He's a great actor. Shout out to him. I ain't think he was that good. He proved me wrong. He's smoking that shit. Well shout out to Colin Farrell then. Wow. I might watch the next episode with a different, yo you're being serious. Different view. I'm dead serious. I had no idea. I don't typically check the credits of the shows and it don't look nothing like 'em. So the makeup people are killing killed it. The makeup people are killing it too. Yeah. Say that shit. They're body in that shit. They interviewed him. He had his Irish, I think he's Irish or something. I think so.


Yeah. Scott Irish, Scottish Irish one. He had the accent on. He mad slim. You know they do all the body shit for the penguin. They got he limping and all of that. Yo he killing This shit because he has that foot, he's Killing that shit. Yes. So fucked Up. Oof. That was good. Quick Part of the Show for you guys. Let me see something here. It's my first time here seeing this woman for about six months. Y'all wanna do this guy that's talking about weapons or y'all want to do this guy that's talking about some chick. He was seeing Weapons Chick Yeah man pickles that that're horrible el my, you know. Alright. You know what, we'll do both. I'll give Parks his fucking whack one first.


This is from, he didn't say it was whack aio. It's about weapons. It's aio Florisa says last month when y'all were speaking about school shooters, male Parks and Amani all emphasized how AR fifteens were dangerous and that no kid or no person in general should have access to one. My question is why do they think AR are so much more lethal than any other gun aside from velocity and weight? Bullets are bullets. No need to keep stressing that an AR 15 was used. I'd be more scared of the kid with a Glock and a 30 round clip that can actually be concealed and maneuvered in tight quarters. Both guns will kill you.


The same T-L-D-R-I don't know what they're saying there. People like TLDR people like them and the mainstream media will keep putting emphasis on AR fifteens until they are banned. But what will that do when school shooters just start using pistols and 10 round clips? Which will, which will and could never be banned. Well the problem is, is that school shooters have used other guns other than AR fifteens. But AR fifteens is a militarized weapon. Why the fuck is it here for the average consumer to be able to purchase and use. I think that's what we're talking about. I don't Remember saying that specifically. But I think the thing with the AR 15 is it's easily and commonly modifiable. Yes. With like short stocks and bigger clips. Yes. That's a little easier to get than a, a average weapon there and There's no reason to have One.


Exactly. And so the point wasn't that the AR 15 is more dangerous than any other gun. A fucking 22 is will fucking kill you. So what's Hello? Hi. He's looking at me laughing 'cause I'm, I'm agreeing with you And he's man, he looking at there because she got a camera voice on no fucking 22 Do damage to you. Don't get started man. She her bag don't trying to fucking murder you Yeah man. You doing your thing. Sorry, that was just my point is a live view. We weren't saying that the AR 15 is more dangerous than any other gun. Exactly. 'cause all guns are fucking dangerous. We were just stating that it's just, it's a militarized weapon and what the fuck. Okay. Why you mean change your voice? You'll get A Trump. I wanna argue against all This shit. Me too. But I gotta, I ain't got time.


I wanna argue against all of that shit you just said but I don't have the time right now. Yes, whatever you Said. I'm pretty sure that he would love if you guys argued, you know with me I'm not. Okay and you were gonna read the other one? Yes. Okay, let's read that one from Darrell m French. Hey Darrel. And this is a little lengthy pause. Hey JBPI had a little situation that I figured would be interesting to hear if you all would have been through something similar. I was seeing this woman off and on for about six months. Then one day she started acting quote too busy. This went on for about a month or two. I called her out on it and she tried to say she was just busy with her kid and work and she was just exhausted and she wasn't trying to make me feel like she was no longer interested.


So I tried to see if she wanted to kick it for my birthday. Thirsty ass nigga. She hit me with the busy excuse again. And so I said fuck it. We never said we were exclusive. Duh nigga, you the only one acting exclusive. We never said we were exclusive. So I hit up this fine ass Brazilian chick I was having more emotion with to see if she was down the chill. I was living with my mom. I was living with my mom for the next two months. You're doing a lot while you living with your mom for two months. I was living with my mom for the next two months while I was saving the money I needed to purchase my house and she was staying with the roommate so we would have no privacy. So we got a room for the evening activities. Alright, I'm following you caught shorty. Long story. Less long after a dope birthday.


We check into the hotel, get to the elevator to continue going to our room. The elevator came up from the underground parking. And guess who was in the elevator? Did I call it old girl that said she was just busy and tired with another nigga? We both kept it cool and smirked at one another because we both were about to go get it in just not with each other. A few minutes later she text me acting like I didn't just see her in the elevator on some other man's arms saying I, hope you have fun. That's some mark. I know you don't. That's some woman shit. I know you don't use this word mark, but that's the time and place to say these bitches, these fucking bitches.


We hope you have fun. I'm guessing you don't want to talk anymore. End quote. What the fuck am I supposed to say to that LOL Text me before calling so I can turn off. Oh that's what she said. Silence unknown callers. Oh no, he's talking to us and he left his number. I'm not calling you. What do you guys say to that Darryl hat meat? You what? Fuck talking about nigga? Holy shit. He's fucking watching and me watching again. I was not expecting that She ain either. She ain't fuck him. She said, he said no. He said he was fucking with shorty for six months. They started kicking it then she started getting busy.


She tried to let your dumb ass down Slow. Slow. You kept pursuing her so she had to keep being busy. Right. She ain't wanna fuck you on your birthday. She went to go fuck the other nigga that got better dicking you ta-da. It could be that or more money. Or More money. I was gonna say it's one of the other I, nah, they're at the same hotel. Imani, Stop point. What you think he wants you to Dick watch with him. This is Skittle Ish. Listen, He might have been a corny nigga. It's a lot of reasons I can Yeah. Thank You. Thank you? Yeah, I think so. I think so. It's the whole like not wanting to fuck you on your birthday that Yeah.


And go fuck another nigga on your birthday. Right. Exactly. But then she hopped Back on this Beat after she seen without no Shit. Really? That Is really, that's just some shit with me. That was a little pleasant. That was a little pleasantry. Oh. Go have a good night. That Was sarcasm though. You gonna have a good night? Yeah. Yeah. That was sarcasm. Yeah. Right. Or she was jealous for 10 seconds. But she ain't calling him the next day. She's still gonna be busy. Yeah. And she gonna be extra loud in that other room too. Oh God. Yeah. What the fuck is wrong? I'm trying to Compete with the nigga down the hall. They do be doing that. He's right. What you talking about? He's right. They do be doing that. Yeah. Well hope we were able to help on Boy We on the same floor. Yeah. You got your badie Brazilian.


Yeah. Have a time. It might be bad. She might just be Brazilian word Because he had to add guarantee. Right. To add that part. Speaking of that's a great segue 'cause I want to let Ty Tyrese Halliburton know that he run around with the mid pack of whites. Yo, that was the corniest video I ever seen. I feel like somebody that love him should tell him I don't love him, but I'm gonna tell him I ain't mad at you making the video with Dwights. I am. I am. I know, but that was the mid pack of whites as and that's all I got for you Call.


That's his insult to injury. If you It is bad enough that you got, I mean first of all, the shit will, the whole video was corny. Right. It was bad corny. You could have just not did none of that. Just text that. Right? Yes. Or make a shout out to him. You ain't need three white women in the back. You ain't saying just coming home from the club. You didn't do none of that shit. Right. None of that had to happen. And then on top of that, for them to be Six Seventh he had, he had six, he had, he had the Arizona whites, the Ari, not Arizona. Like talking about the weed because there's some nice whites in Arizona. Yeah, exactly. That's what I, Arizona got great whites. I Had to clean it up. They got some great whites out there. I'm talking about the Ari weed. Yes. Not, not not. Yeah. Yeah. You had the bullshit, you had the nasty pack. Nigga. Step your shit up. Step your whites up my nigga. How about don't put no white. How about no whites? Yo, stop enough.


I ain't gonna do that. Those niggas love they whites. Exactly. But it don't have to be a mid pack of wipes. No, my shit is not the fact that they white per se. It's the fact that I feel like he, he thinks it's a flex. Like Yeah, he, he thought that was a, a popping thing to say I got my, that's white, my biggest corn. It's just corny to me. That's Like I got my Lambo out or I got my That's what I'm saying. I agree. That wasn't a coincidence of shit. He, he thought three white chicks in the four in the morning was popping. It's corny. I agree. I agree. I hate to see a fucking mid pack of whites having fun somewhere. Have like smiling. Yeah. Like not even knowing that they mid, I don't like to see that. I don't as a black man.


Shout Tyree Hallberg, man, that name. Tell me you with some some mid Hallen Berger Hall. Yeah. Fuck you talking Halliburton Hall A Berg. He half white too, right? Huh? Ain't he half white? I don't know. I know you And Whites bro. Might be. I think he, I ain't got a problem with whites. Make sure can't spell Halliburton without Bird. I know. We know. Why you clean it up. Be nice. I like everybody man. Get your job back. All right. Sleepers. Sleepers. I Play, I'm gonna play Tyler on the sleeper About That. Yeah. Play Tyler on the sleep. I I, I'd love to hear it for my sleeper. I'm going with friend of the show. Leon. Thomas. We highlighted this record when the album came out but the album has not left my rotation.


Absolutely. Fire Cult Classic for me at the moment. I'm going with SAFE. PLACE Is, That is with like on Mama Big gang.


I never switch off before I go bro. I'ma leave my wrist. Cut. Say my name.


That's brand new music from Leon. Thomas called SAFE PLACE. That's on his album called Mutt Available in your phone and on DSPs right this second. Shout to Leon. Thomas. Hopefully we have you up here soon so we can talk about this Classic. Yeah. Album's Great. That album is crazy. I'm playing Tyler. This is annoyed. Thanks for the lot of order. I'm not sure.


Paranoia no Such In my cameras and record us. These what? Can't afford ya. No, I can't even buy a home in private home.


Invasion's got my brother's dying. Notice every car that's driving by. I think my neighbor's going be dead. I got a can underneath the bed. Triple checking if I lock the door. I know we creek that's in the floor. Motherfucker I paranoid I around the block. Eyes glue to the rear view rather double back than regret hearing Trust. Bitch, if you good they could trap you. So just up. You Don't trust these people out here.


Please. Whatever you do, keep to yourself. Keep Your kids, keep going for a little while. It gets weirder. Weirder. That's Tyler. The Creator Annoyed First single off his new album. I like it. I like it. I think it's a really different sounding record than anything out there. I like it too. It is face telling me that you hate it. I Loved it. It had the right name. Okay. Okay. Made you feel paranoid. A little bit Annoyed. No, I I I'm, I was cool on that one. I'm going to body. The song is called Barbershop.


Oh. She don't ever stop and talk but guy's approach her. She don't even look your way if she'll know you. But every time I she saw Spark, maybe still nigga smell when he walked by lay level on my body, she like, oh I gotta be so naive because I didn notice. I don't remember looking. She never ever spoke to Barber Million.


So I not heard Feeling Like million show emotion never stick around and waiting for one person. But every time I around, shit don't be the way nigga smell when he walk through couple of in my body she can ever million His body Barbershop.


And that felt like a very Ish song. I'm not gonna lie to you. I feel like you put that on when you leave the Barbershop personally. I mean Video was fired. Oh, you saw the video too? Okay. Thank. you sir. Okay. There's a video. No, I just said the song was Fired. Oh, I thought you said the video was fired. No, I said the song was fired. I said that shit was fired. No, no. I ain't seen no video. It's my first time hearing it. Anyw. Who? I'm gonna play something off of the new October London album. It is October London and Boney. James. It is All I. Want Is. You Is your Essence.


What? My confession. It's like you be free preconception indiscretion. Teach me lesson.


This Little groovy.


Right. This is October. London and Bode. James All. I Want Is You. Special Medication. They found the eighties sax tone. Huh? Not mad at it. Won't find another one. That's my man. But I would like to hear how October London sounds when he does October London.


That's my only thing. I Can dig it. But he brought Mel on stage. So we Got it You. know what I mean. Respect. How many more of these RB stages you be on? Honestly, you. Oh, what's the word? That might be the last one for the year. Re rejuvenated. Reg Reinvigorated. I, You called me and told me you wasn't gonna do it and you was on stage. Oh my God. Why are you telling secrets? Could you just be lying to me on the phone? No, it wasn't that. It was literally like, then you did it. My mom show you up there. I got a phone call and I Joe, what did you think about the tele A phone call before you hit me? Funky. Yeah. Funky, creative. Different Tyler for Sure. No, no regular format. No structure. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting Choice for a first single, I mean next podcast we can talk about what a first single is.


Okay. And I don't know how how it applies to everybody. Its Different for everybody. I think it should be. It should be. Yeah. I don't know. When we say first single for Tyler, it means first single. Like he do. He doing what the fuck he want to do that Video's Firefighter too. Shout out to Tyler man. Yeah, shout out to him. I don't have anything else I think I need to say or want to say. I don't. Hey. All right man. We did it Marma how you feel after your first day? Man, I feel great man. This was fun. Good boy. Started getting a little rough and and shit. I don't know if you're used to this volume. Not like this.


Get used to it. Only if Lord Jamar is around. We, I raised our voice a little bit. Little bit. Connect with these nigga. Glad you had a good time. Hopefully the cast had fun. Clearly they were super enthused, as you can tell from previous weeks. It is just what I expected. Shout to ice. Shout to ice our brother in Christ here with us in spirit. Always true indeed. By the time you're hearing this, the Knick game will have already aired. So go Knicks. Whether they went won or lost Dance Me, me in the spot like losing my religion. Keep us in your prayers.


Lord knows. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time I bid you a do farewell. Adio, cereba, dichi, ota. So long. Goodbye or simple head knob will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last. Hold on Too young. Amani, you too young. I Yo remember the baddies are insecure. The classy women want to travel when the close-minded women want you to teach them things.


Grab you with Tylenol, you might need it. Y'all holding down. We'll be back. Same time, same place. Subscribe to the Patreon. I think we're headed over there to talk about Drea celebrating her contract. Congratulations to Drea and Jalen Green. And again, go Knicks man. Go Yankees, go Liberty. Go New York. Everything. New York. Everything. Yo also, congratulations to Kai. I think he just inked a large deal with the NBA. Oh for real. Oh wow.


Yeah, they're trying to, they're trying to increase and look at how they deal with content creators. Interesting. That's what's up. He is the first of that for them. So shout out to Kaa Nat, shout out to the NBA shout out to all the companies out there that's figuring out the new model from 2 25 and beyond. Some of y'all are real archaic out there. Yeah. Anybody got any plans for the week? Plans for the week? Anything interesting, exciting that y'all wanna share with the audience? Just work. Nah, just working old ass niggas. We old ass nigga. We turn up. We coming alive at at nighttime. Throw money on Top. Delicious. So I gotta, you know t Delicious Thursday. Yeah. I'm giving you a thousand dollars. Nigga don't blow it. You gotta throw all of it nigga. Don't blow it in two hours.


Yo y'all nigga. Y'all niggas is mad quiet. I just wanna tell y'all, when I owed that nigga money, it was a community effort for me to pay money. I'm giving you, today is Tuesday. This airs Wednesday. We're going out Thursday. I I promise you before we go in there Thursday, you getting your money? I don't want me paying you your money to impede on my cash app limit for the week. I'll be out before Thursday, nigga. Fuck is you talking about? If I don't give you your money, it's just so it don't bother my cash app limit. I think also your thing, we were joking 'cause you were denying the owing Of money. Yeah, that part too was the joke. That part too. But after I lost the bet. Yeah, no, I paid him that bet. Then after I lost the other bet, the, the the weight bet.


Oh well that Was kind. Okay. Yo gimme my, that's stat issue is what you could do for sure. Since we talking about things that we owe each other. I got you. Lemme get my hoodie. I don't owe you, but I got you. I'll give it to you. I'd like to wear it Thursday. Alright. I can't even represent my man Thursday. Look at me. I Got you. This guy's a nutcase in our contract. Do you have to approve my Ish hoodie? Yes. What Color do you want the Strings? Reasonably. Or you could just say no Is It is it within reason? Did we put that Those two words. Those two words changed a lot. No contracts did it did not. Oh, thank God. No, it sits within reason.


Oh fuck. And just a timely, it says timely. Ooh. We might have got me there. He went. Got me the timely, the timely Got. it got me, me there man. Yo, y'all holding down out there. Be safe. Be well. Be Mer. Peace, love, health, wealth and prosperity to each and every one of y'all. Hopefully you enjoyed this broadcast as much as we enjoyed delivering it to you. And if you didn't, shout out to the Hey listeners. Salute. J-B-P-J-B-P JB JBP JB J-B-P-J-B-P. Where would you be without the JBP.