
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. All right, we up in this piece. What's popping? What's Happening? What's happening? What's happening? Let's go. Don't tuck. Don't tuck the excitement.


Don't tuck it in. Don't look cold y boy. Y'all know what time It is. Gang, gang, gang. Hey, What up y'all? We good? What? What's popping as everybody doing? What pop's popping? Full gang. In the building? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ah. What? Why you looking all the People in the face? I'm happy, happy to see you guys. Man. We here. How y'all feeling man? What's up? What's up? What's up? Feeling good, man. Big man, Baby girl.


You got me scared baby Girl. Oh shit. You me scared. I said yo, so the video come out. I said she pop up in that video. Niggas, I'm down with her. I already showed the side, but that's not my song. I know, but still I don know. I thought you saw some shit. Nah, that's All you thought about. I be, I be thinking negative shit, yo. Like Oh yeah. The day before. You know niggas is meticulous, Happy to steal. That's hilarious. I'm happy to see all y'all Damn happy to be here, man. Ish. At that stage of the recovery. He matching the boot with the, you see him? Come on. Stop playing with You. See, don't play with my boy. The blue is off, but he, he got It. Don't play. No, but he came close Mike. Yeah, He good.


He came close enough. It's far enough To where you gotta be really Looking. You don't have to Be The ascent yo yo. Match this shit. Yeah. Yes. You look good man. You do bro. Why you still trying to dress fly? I can only wear sweats. That's all I wear anyway. That's all you was wearing anyway. You wasn't, so what's, what's fly about it? You look fly right now for like 50-year-old man. Thank You sir. I appreciate it. How long does the boot have to be on? Four months. Oh wow. Okay. Mm. Somewhere around there. This nigga old, Some old. Yeah, but around somewhere around July when he come back, like Jordan way into four or five. It ain't to play games With you. It ain't to play games with you. Hey, Hey. Huh? Let me get a bowl of oranges.


Hey, Let me get a bowl of oranges. Big Gna. Those guys are idiots. Freezing up. Freeze. What's Happening man? How y'all feeling? Fantastic. Feeling good? I'm good man. Good. Mark up in the building. Hey, Potter of the month. Hey, Potter of the, come on the hoodie With the hoodie Potter of the month. Mark. I was shocked by it. And humble. Oh brother. Shocked and humbled. Well, Not too shocked because when I saw the hoodie I was like, damn, you must got like a printer in the crib. You made that rather fast. He's Been a player or many times I think, Or Yeah, you just kind of felt like you had this wrapped in the Yeah, but It is a new colorway.


That's Yeah, that's true. It is new. It is new. Or You just knew you had this one wrapped in the bud for like a week or two. I'm sure at CNN or HuffPost. He was employee of the Month. I'm gonna say never. Maybe a fox def. Definitely a fox. Every, every month. Nah, I, I, I, about 10 days ago I felt, I started to feel confident it was a two-way race between you and me and so based on the polls. And so you asked me that. Is this shirt, can you See that right there? I got you one too. Oh yeah. Shit. Yeah. Can you see the black John? You got Me one? Yeah. For him. Yeah. Pass it to me, John. Employee of the month. Somebody that ain't been won no award. Pass it to me please. I can get it. I can get it. I don't want, don't Fall. Wait, don't hate. Hold on nigga.


Hold on. Don't break it. Yeah, yeah. Hey bro. I figured since we both were in, in the race about two weeks ago, I got both of her shirts just so that, You know what I mean? Hey. Yeah, man. Yeah. Take a look At that thing. Hey, it's a joke. Can We see it? I know it's a joke on it. No. Oh Boy. You the on runner Up. Oh shit. I knew it was a joke. No joke. I mean, yo nah, this nigga be playing it. It was like 80% to like 16. I think you was your percentage. And so I, I, you know, I wanted to get you something to commemorate this month. Well I Appreciate this. Thank you for the kind gesture. I was the runner up.


You know my stance on this 'cause I told you already. Yeah. Hate Vote. Voter fatigue Vote. Yeah. It's called hate Vote. Voter fatigue. Thank you. Listen, there, there's a reason that LeBron didn't win all the MVPs, right? Huh? Your man told you how he threw himself in the mix? Nah, what'd he Do? He wasn't even in the pot of the month conversations. It was the rest of the game. Which would make sense. Mm, It would. Right. And then he's like, hold up. Wait. He got tired of watching shit happen. I should be in this too. Oh, you cook, you put your thumb on the scale? Yeah. Yeah. That's what he did. Yeah. Wow. That explains Everything. I don't wanna step on the joke. 'cause it's funny. That Wasn't a joke. I don't wanna step on the joke.


'cause it's funny. I started the month off with my basketball highlights taking over the globe. Huh? Not yours. Who You talking about? You talking his taking over Say highlights you. You talking his taking over the lowlights. It was his, his fault took. I, I, I I hear you. Impressions are there to be checked. Oh shit, man. I star, I started with taking over the globe. That's not the analytics, that's not the dim. Him. A few clips started, you know what I mean? Circuit. I mean, that's how it started the month. Got you, got you. But listen, I think that Mark happened to win, but I think it was a great month for just about everybody. Oh. Everybody killed it. But I think Mark, mark got that shit off.


You got a new kid in class? The new kid in class start answering questions class looking at him. Like, look at this nigga raising his hand. Look at this nigga walking up to the chalkboard. Give him a couple months. He ain't gonna be doing that shit no more. He gonna, once he learn how to go around here. Oh man. Flip. What up man? I'm good, man. What up? Who's ready to rock? I'm ready, man. I'm ready. I'm ready to go. Alright, good. We're looking bro. Good. I'm glad. Huh? Big Gracie Awards and stop playing. Stop playing with her. Shout to you. Huh? A Gracie Award is, they've been in some Shit that's 150 years old. It's 50 years old. Oh.


And it celebrates women in media. And you won. And my podcast won. Come On, let, fuck you guys. Come on. Congratulations. Thank you. Congratulations man. Thank you. Thank You. Fuck they talking about it. That's right. What the fuck they talking about? Come on. Took a week to celebrate that motherfucker too, huh? Aw, you guys. I little cry today. Look at y'all. What y'all do if I crying here? Keep popping. What would y'all do for real? You stop man. Cried on the pocket before. We've seen that. Y'all just pod through me crying. Yeah. Yeah. Probably make a joke. I of losing niggas in.


Oh, you look at you guys. Come on. A family passed some shit. Don't go. I rest In peace. Young scooter. Crack the peace. Young scooter let go. Shit. Don't go. I'm a real nigga. Lick. Hit a bitch. A Popping pop off. I'm a ride nigga. Go yard. Get I be in your so I know what's listening from Rick.


Know what that cost new I could make left Columbia always making bricks.


Me and Hector, best of peace To everybody we lost recently. Gave me metric time. Be king. What up Isabella? That's a little sister. What up? What up? Because I know what them bricks do. I can serve you. I put tricks too. But I can make cocaine. I promise you'll never see again. I come back to Columbia. I always million dollar run Wherever you listen from All over the world.


All The out there listeners out There, All the parents out there. Keep that applause going very quick. These drops out the way. News. Joe Biden, Flip and Mel and Mark.


Mark, mark. All right, what episode is this? Eight 13. Welcome to episode eight 13 of the Joe Button podcast.


Brought to you by Feud, by Power. By PrizePicks PrizePicks Game.


Yeah. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, highly favorite, fully dressed host Joe button here with a few really amazing people to my right. Yeah. Why you so? Because every time you stay fully dressed now it has Such a, because it's funny, right? No, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That definitely is funny To my right. Hold up now. Oh, Hold up. Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, chill, Chill, chill. Hold up. Chill, Chill, chill. You other bitches at your shot.


Hold up. I'm such a bird. I I'm such a Certified. I don't care. Oh my god. Big male. Melyssa Ford is in the building. Who? How are You? I am great. So back, so glad to be back. We're glad Call you all. Thank You so much. Glad to have You back. Thank you. Thank you. Welcome back. Thank you to her. Right? Big flip queens. Flip queens. Get the money. It is in the building. Yep. Oh, this handicap niggas here too, man. Love his, love his determination. And will to just work through it.


Boy, that nigga is just scooting to work. Hey babe. I got, you know, I gotta go pass my sc. Pass my scooter. Please baby, that nigga in the house just rolling around. King Wawa big issue in the building. The free is of them all, huh? Yes sir. Listen, his finest Mr. Take it further himself. ICE is here. Dr. Mark Lamont Hill. Not to purchase my certificate at Western Union Doctor. Neither nigga actually went and went through the levels to do the shit. The Yeah, the levels. The levels. Yeah. He went Through the levels. I don't know how many levels It is. I just know it's a lot. I just know it's a lot. What y'all know.


No. Yeah. Here You go. What? I don't know. Nothing. There you go. Mute up when we introduce him. Mark, You said how many levels you asked. I'm not doing this with this nigga. Nut Ball. Stop man. Dr. Mark Lamar is in the building. El Myra's finest Parks is in the building. Ian is here, you know, from the Ian show filming before our show. Corey is here. Poets here. Fucking welcome back Po. Good to see you. Ericson is here. Ke is here somewhere. It's Tanner and Savon are here by Ramon. Last, but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys out there are here. What's popping?


How's everybody here? Weekend late. Crazy. Yeah. We had a fun little weekend. We did. I saw very late. Very late. I, I know y'all was recording Pod Wives and I seen your Instagrams stories. You went out, y'all went outside after, I guess Maybe, I guess. Did Didn didn't see you in the picture, but I thought I saw your peoples in the Picture. My wife was there. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I was standing next to Joe. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Y'all was outside. Outside? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We were, yeah. Y were Okay. You guys gonna tell us about it? Just a little strip club club road and it wasn't, you know, just a little running around. That's it. Oh, you was there too? Yeah. It was Couples night. Yeah. Freeze Miss Freeze Keto E.


Yeah. Keno and E. Yeah. Wait, I said you do pod wives? Yeah. Oh, okay. Had a blast doing it too. Okay. Had a blast. A blast. Told Told you you did. You did. I got, I got a shout. Yeah, that's, I was surprised because I gotta shout Parks and Rib out. They were the ones who Convinced you to do it because you were, you seemed dead set against that. I was like, fuck all. Like hell no. Yeah. I was shocked to do, I had, I had a whole different idea of what the show was. Okay. That's all nice. We have a good time, man. We did. That's it. That's it. We did. We just have a good time with the person that we love and that we pick to share our lives with. That's right. Yeah.


And then edit out anything that makes us look shady or foul. Right, right. Pretty much just Like that. The fuck. Just like that. You're big dog. Take that out. Yeah. Yeah. So then we all went to the strip club. We all had like little couples night couple. Yes. We went to dinner before that. Oh yeah. You guys went to dinner? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. You ever, you ever go? I wasn't sure if we're gonna jump into it. Fuck it. Jump do It. Fuck it. Do It. You ever be out with somebody who's just doing too much at the table unnecessarily? Yes. All the Time. We had somebody in our party that was just everybody else at the table's. Like, yo fam, it's, It is cool. Like chill out. Like you on the waitress. Oh you on the waiter's ass for little shit. For no reason. The manager's coming over every five minutes, so bring us some shit or fix some shit or something.


But there's no problems. None. He like complaining. Hey, you sat this down and that was supposed to sit in front of him. It's six of us at the table. We could figure it out. We know what we Ordered. I know what you y'all talking about. Yeah. Yeah. I know what You'all talking about. I felt like we Mad Lu. Oh no, That's what I'm saying. Did they get the memo that when you complained that We tried to Explain You might get, you Know, yeah, we tried multiple times to this's how we know it was some bullshit. So now they come and they say, we're gonna give, we're gonna comp your desserts or whatever. They sat some desserts on the table, but then they went to that one person, Hey, this one's for you. You make sure you eat this one.


Was it Custard? This is a special Terry Soup just for you. It was funny. We, you know, it was bullshit because on the way out we're like, yo, sorry about our, our man. He, you know, he was just having a bad day. He is like, oh no. He is like that every time he comes in. Oh wow. Wow. Wow. Yeah. Shout, shout start. They Knew the nigga. So they saw him coming. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's like that. First off, You gotta Remember that, that customer, if you're a server. Right? No, first off, the restaurant did us a favor. We did not have a reservation. We go in with six and they was like, yo, we're booked for the evening. But because we know you, we'll let y'all get a table. But y'all only get a, I think he gave us like an hour and a half. Yeah. Like, y'all have to be out because we have a reservation. It's a long time though.


That's A, yeah, that's a good Amount. But they didn't have to do that. True. We have no reservations. No, It's not really a long time For six. Exactly. Not for six. Ended up Being about the perfect amount of time Word. Got It. But with that, you should maybe be a little bit easy on the server and hostesses and staff. Like, yo, Thank you. Thank you. Thank you gracious. It was, and the, the food was amazing. Yeah, it was. Shout out to them. Shout to them. I don't remember the name. But That's why you gotta be careful even recommending the dope restaurants to people. Boy they going for, they ask on your name. I didn't know that about him. And he asked me for recommendations in a story before. And I gave him, you Gave him some And now you can't go back. Well I didn't know that that was the case back now.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yo, yo, my man that came in here, yo, my bad. And they a cool dude when it's just y'all, they get to these restaurants and get drunk and get hammered. That's a whole different dump on your name. Yeah, pretty much. Damn, I'm sorry for y'all. Yeah. We had a good time though. We good? Yeah. Glad I wasn't there. Thanks for not inviting me. We did it. Y'all. Y'all Irish goodbye. No we didn't. It wasn't Irish. It was an Irish. It was Scottish. Scottish. What's another company? Scottish. Scottish. Close Enough. Welsh Goodbye. I looked up, Oh shit, they going well no, you know, so I'm drop. So I'm dropping my son off on on Wednesday and he's like, yo, I see you Saturday.


And I'm like, not really buddy. I finally decided to like have the talk with him. I was like, nah, no you won't. And he was like, but I want to. I said, all you gotta do is tell moms. But I say that all the time and the call never comes Saturday morning, the call comes, yo, he in here. He said, he looking for you. So I'm like, all right. Right after power wash, power wise. As long as that, yeah, it was, it was. So I was jetting back to go. Got it. Got it. To go get my baby. Alright, that makes sense then. Yeah. Come on over to Fun house. That's dad. Joy. Don't take away Dad. Joy. Come on. You wanna get away from Mommy? You ain't get the fuck away from Mommy. Aint that nigga.


Oh, Got my that. Stop It. No more food for you. Oh shit. Sorry. So stupid. Anyway. All right. Hold on, hold on, Hold on there. Oh my bad. Oh, sorry. My weekend was crazy. I don't give a fuck. I'm gonna get my shit off. Just get your shit show for you, yo. Yeah. Don't I talk to you about that. My weekend was crazy. Okay, tell us about it. Thank you man. Very nice. Very nice. So I decided to surprise Nico with a paintball party by inviting all his friends. 11 of them picked him up in the sprinter and took them deep in jerseys to do Paintballing.


That sounds like you. I started off a little rocky 'cause one of the friends thought he wasn't getting picked up and hated and called Nico. Said, yo, they're throwing a surprise for you. Oh, I was pissed. Oh damn. That's fucked up. That's rough. We had all that. That's some flip shit though. What? Never. I'll never do no shit like that. I took them out to eat. Cool. They all decided to sleep over my crib. These niggas left in the middle of the night when I fell asleep. Went outside and called some destruction outside. Police came to my door. What the Fuck? They woke me up, had the conversation. Cool. So then I said, yeah, I'm gonna feel some content. That's the content I film with all them niggas doing, ringing around the Rosie and pushups. Then after that, Nico's riding his bike outside.


That's a charge. It is. You made them niggas do ringing around the Rosie. Yeah. Nico riding his bike outside on the sidewalk. They don't like if a man slap Nico, him and his little friend. What? Yeah. Slap Nico off the bike. They hopped him. They beat him up. I go outside to speak. They jumped Him, man. They jumped him, man. Good. They Jumped. I go Outside to speak to him. I say, you slapped my son. He said, no, didn didn't slap your son. Your son. My hand was here. Your son. I slapped him twice. I have to say it. You sure you bugging? But we had a conversation after as adults Then. Wait, no, no. That's not what the top of this broadcast is for, but okay. You take the It is quick hits. Yeah. Quick. Like you naming dramatic traumatic incident. Yeah, because weird.


You want me to say that end? It's like I can finish it. Then. This was for quick, just quick stuff. Right? I can Finish at the end then. Yeah. I finish towards the end. So we, we gonna stop it up at that. It got crazy to be continued. Yeah. There you go. Crazy. C stick around. Traumatic engage conversion. Wait, don't y'all move. Don't, don't touch that down. Don't forget the, don't forget the, don't forget to bring it back up. Don't. Okay, I got And I won't interrupt. All good. Let's get it. All right. All right. It's crazy though. Are we gonna get to it? Hey, don't move. Let's get it. What is, what is the highest priority to you guys in all of the happenings in the universe?


I, I'm embarrassed. Rest in peace. Let's, let's start with a rest in peace. Young scooter. Yes. Dedicate this episode to, to him. Thoughts, prayers and condolences to his family, friends, fans. Loved ones. The whole city. Everybody. It's a lot of people mourning. Yeah. A lot of, a lot of people warning. Right. People fucked up about this one. Yeah. Yeah. Just Ain't rest. Peace Bishop. Oh my god. Recipes Bishop. Bishop and Bishop. Yes. Bishop. Bishop. Code dedication. Sorry. With, with the scooter situation, like when the news first broke, you know, misinformation spreads fast. So initially it said, well, first off it was his birthday. Yeah. That's fucked up Already.


Crazy. But the news broke and said, that's Horrible and fly somehow I'm kind of, Yeah. I didn't want to be the guy to say that. I'm with you. Really? I'm with you though. But looking at it, say March 28 2 March 28 completed. Yeah. That looked like some shit you'd have to purchase. Like when the license plate say just one, like when you buy some special shit, it do knock on wood. Yeah. But indeed. Yeah. So, so when the news first broke, it was, you know, misinformation saying that he was involved in a shootout with the police and the police killed him. That's what I, That's what I read. And Almost, I wanna say an hour or two after that, the police hold a press conference to state, Hey, that's not what happened.


They, they received a 9 1 1 call. They went over details of the call. They responded to the nine one one call. The call said that there was a woman outside, no clothes on. There were shots fired. They saw her dragged into the house. There's something going on. You need police here immediately. So police show up, right. The story goes, they knock on the door, someone opens the door, closes the door, immediately they're performing a perimeter. Two men run out the back, somebody jumps the gate and they find scooter deceased. So I saw a lot of people asking, how do you, how can that happen? Jumping the gate. And it Was immediately reported that there was no sign of a woman, No sign of a woman.


And no guns. There were no shots fired. Got it. They, they, they reported that as well. Not from police nor anyone else. So I saw a lot of people saying, how, how can that happen? Jumping the gate. It didn't make sense. So they thought there was like a, a coverup or something going on? Yeah. I've experienced something very similar in, I was about 12, 13 years old and my, my younger brother, ACE was three years younger than me at the time. He jumped the gate. We were playing basketball in the backyard and it was one of the, the, the rod gates with the, the spikes at the top. Yeah. He jumped the gate and when he was walking back, he just was like, yo, my leg. And when he walked back into the light, his jeans were completely dark.


Oh. Come to find out he slipped on the gate and stabbed himself in the leg. And he almost passed away from that. It's an artery down there. And It is an artery. Yeah. And they had a, like, so I, I'm to let people know it, It is very possible. 'cause they told us if it was like an inch or two to the left, he would've been outta here. So is is that what they say is the cause of death? It wasn't that he was shot. Was Al artery kind of there punctured? There were no shots. Yes. Ah, wow. There were shots. That's tragic. You Could definitely do that. Very tragic. That's crazy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ly And then as more information comes out, yeah. This seems to be a case of swatting Wow. As it's being Reported. Yes. This is how it's being reported.


What is swatting? Swatting is when It is basically a fake nine one one call made and the, and the police in the going to Where there's like a really urgent situation happening that all, all hands on deck will show up Shooting. When you start saying somebody shooting, I seen the lady, somebody dragged, she said that She, she added a child. There was a child also that was in danger that the I heard the call. You heard the call As well, right? Yeah. They released the call just to show, Hey listen, this is what we heard the police, because again, scooter means a lot to Atlanta. So when that first story comes out, it's getting ready to be problems down there. So they're trying to show the show everyone, Hey listen, we, it wasn't us. It wasn't us. We were responding to what, what we information call. Gotcha. So it's just a very Swatting is a crime.


Yeah. Yeah. But the problem, It is hard to catch the people punishable by jail. Five years. You get five years in prison. Five years. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Because I was about to ask, do y'all think that person should 1000, 1000%. Yeah. Yeah. You can't do that. We've seen like, like live streamers and stuff while they're on their stream and somebody will find out where that house is and next thing you know, the police kicked the door in because somebody has caught and said like there's a hostage situation or there's something going on. And it, it'd be just for shits and gig for them. I wasn't mad if that was a, a manslaughter charge or something. Yeah. I was about there too. You fuck around and catch the body? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like dog, as a result of your actions, somebody now has passed away from your dumb shit.


Right. You know what I'm saying? Like that's crazy. I think also they need to vet the, they need to retrain the 9 1 1 operator because even though the 9 1 1 operator, you know, she was trying to help still. She should have knew that once the lady called and said, I'm transferring you, she should have knew the person wasn't in the city. Right. The person was calling from Atlanta and she, she was on the phone speaking to other operators, say, I'm going to transfer you. This is what this person is reporting. So I felt like they had to retrain that. I felt like she sat there and went through all that. The lady was talking bullshit and keep making things up. Making things up. You should have heard the call. That sounds disgusting. Yeah, I didn't hear That call lady was not in Atlanta.


No, she, she, no, she was in, which one is DeKalb? That's de DeKalb County. It is a county. It's a county. Well she wasn't in the county where the house is at. Gotcha. She wasn't there because when she called 9 1 1, they transferred her to where the house is. House is is right. Got it. They transferred her to the operator and the operator. So I feel like a retraining process needs to happen in situations like that because she said, I'm neighborhood watch, she's asking, how are you seeing these things? How are you aware of these things? What is the lady doing? She said, oh, I'm just neighborhood watch. And she's explaining, they're engaging and I just thought it was ridiculous. Nasty. It's a stupid call to me. Disgusting. The the problem though with that is it's a hard thing because now if you, you ain't got a lot of time to play around the response time.


Yeah. You gotta use discernment. But now let's say you don't send them and so of that shit is really going on in the, in the heat of the moment. You'd rather be safe than sorry. True. True. You get what I'm Saying? Like, you'd rather go to somebody's house and this shit not be happening. Right. Than not go There. I'm not saying, saying I'm, I'm just saying as an operator to use different key points to, to see, to identify if, if you, are you the person that's really there? How are you? That's still tricking off receiving this information. It's somebody on the phone. Let me like, it's, it's just, And flip one one more thing. And I, I know this personally, I don't know how It is today. Yeah. But I had a, a accident I wanna say 2015. Yeah. And when I called from my cell phone and they asked me where I was at, they said they needed to transfer me to a local whatever.


Got it. And I was in the area. Okay. I just dial nine one one from the cell phone. Whoever answered, I'm telling them what's going on and they had to transfer me. Gotcha. Okay. So it could be something with, you know, outta state self? I don't know. I don't know. But I'm just saying there are ways where, but 9 1 1 is just universal. And they got transfer you to the supporting city. Yeah. I don I don't know. I don't know. But I have had that happen. So, So it's alleged, I mean they found a girl, they got a, oh they did a social, social media all over the internet. They found her. It's alleged that her boyfriend was with Young Scooter that day and she didn't want them to be in. I guess she was, I don't know if she wasn't invited. I don't know if she felt the way but it was malicious. She did it intentionally. Yeah. She might have thought they had some. Yeah. That's crazy. This crazy.


This is nuts. Everything about this is nuts. They found, they found, they found, they found her Instagram. It is all over the internet. Disgusting. Oh yeah. I think the answer is more So they haven't found her? No, they found her Instagram. They found her social media. She she took it off though. She deactivated her account. Oh that's fine. Fine. She ain. Yeah. That don't do nothing. That don't, that ain't nothing that de don't mean nothing. Should be got. Yeah. She should be shot by the end Of the day. She sending the police on people. It's, It is just the same way we get mad at the Karens that call the police for dumb Shit. Same Shit. It's the same logic. You know, once you bring the police in, it escalates stuff. That stuff can get escalated so easy and 'cause you don't know what, how people gonna react when the police get there. Exactly. Next thing you, you create a shootout from nothing. Yep. Dude Might have had a warrant for some traffic tickets and like, fuck, You know what I mean?


Like on me get away. Yeah. He hopped the gate and now, you know what I'm saying? Curse. I do hate that. That is our first instinct. What To run from The cops when you see police. Yeah. I hate that. I hate that. It's mine still. I hate too But I know It is almost indoctrine kind of in In Our culture, in our, in our psychic. I get that. So I'm not even trying to have talk in culture, bro. That's deeper than culture bro. I was driving yesterday and the cop followed me for like four blocks and I ain't did shit. And I know I haven't done anything. And you'll still be a little nervous. Hold on. Your name does ring bells. I'm not gonna do that. And penitentiary, I'm not gonna do that. Like a lot of people in New Jersey, they know, know about who you are and what you used to be into.


So if they pull you over, I'm not really mad at that. This guy, It is a nutcase rat man. For real? No. Your name, come on. Nah, my name is Don't sell yourself short. It's, I'm not. Nah, but what's your other names? They knew who you were. What's your, what's your other names? Come on. What if they call you? What if they called you out? We can't let, we can't let Adam and them have all the fun. Come on. Come on. You hit this guy. Yo. Yo. Say what? Adam Nigga ain't gonna bring bail money the first so why we can't let Adam and them have all the fun? What's Wrongest? I that what you think of me? Well what's the bail? It don't matter. No, it matters. It don't. I'm saying it does. If I gotta pay it, keep your shit over there. Fuck out. No, no. I pay the bail. But now if we start getting crazy, crazy.


What's crazy? Crazy. We'll be crazy. Five figures. What? Yeah, I love disrespect. No, I'm just checking. No, when they start saying shit like two mil cash, I'm just, I'm just checking To see what he might think is great. Could do. He could do The 10% though. The bail is 10%. Yeah. Okay. So there really ain't no number for my man. Like me and him go back so far man. And I hold him so near fear of my heart. I'm not gonna let them come the people I'm in there. But You trust that he gonna pay it back or he ain't gonna blow trial? Nah, Nah, he ain't gonna pay. It don't matter. You can blow trial and get your money back. Huh? You gotta go to trial not to get your money back. You could blow trial and get your Money. You gotta show Up.


You gotta show up. That's why I didn't bail my brother out. I was like, I might not get the money. The bail is 1 million, 10%. 10%. Yeah. Still, I don't think he was going back. Your brother ain't worth for a hundred. No, ain't worked a hundred with a hundred in his pocket. Yo. If I know he Mark and Ish got like some family shit. Family trauma that's deep that they need to, to heal. Y'all need to somebody couch For context. He owed me 50 at the time. What the It don't matter. Yes It do. Ice. Ice. If your brother, you Asking the right one now. Go ahead. I I I Know what's up.


Your brother owe you 50. If you knew if your bro, if your brother was, was in jail and you said It is a million bail a hundred cash to get him out. But you, you were very confident he wasn't going to go to trial. You gonna lose your a hundred for bailing him out When he was already in pocket 50 And and he already owed you 50. What do you do? You let him, I already knew this flip. What do you do? I bail him out. I'm going get my, and now you just gonna be the whole one 50. Yeah. You was rich nigga. Yeah. You had money nigga. You was on tv. I'm bro, this was Yeah, you was on Fox Soul by then. Fox. Soul Fox. So pay you a chicken Dog Was he was doing Fox. Soul Fox. Souls like oxymoron. Yo.


It is. They pay you a watermelon Rod. Yo. They did. That's hilarious. Then they came up with Tubie, the real Fox. Soul Fox. Niggas crazy. How can we get something for the niggas? It's a demographic we're not touching. Right. So don't too sophisticated. Them Super Bowl commercials looked immaculate for Tubie. God damn. Don't laugh when y'all hit the little Tuby and I got a little little movie out. I'm gonna try. I gotta try 'em. They say they making money over there. I heard. I heard. Yeah. I got to try 'em. Me and Big Mouth. I ain't saying no to a Tubby movie. Come on.


Come on. We out there. Right. That's right. Look, holler. They ain't already. What were we talking about just now? Rest in peace young scooter for sure. And again, Bishop Ante. Man, that that one also that hurt my heart. That one hurt. That one hurt. That one hurt. Fuck that man. Like just a real good genuine dude. Like I ain't hurt nobody that had no fuck shit to say about dude. Yeah. Never, never, never. That's what I'm about to say. Like when he, when when the news hit that he passed and they was like, oh, rapper from, and then they was like, such and such. And I'm like, yo, just a good man. Just good dude. Word. Just a good guy Again.


Rest in peace. Shout out to his family. Bishop. We love you. Word gone but not forgotten for sure. Hey Bishop fans out there. Your head, your head, Mike. Check. Mic check. Mic check.


All right. Give it to me. Give it to me. Give it to me. Give it to me. We got, I I I hate that been so captivated by this story, but this yay. I I can't stop. I watched every minute of that interview. Me too. Seriously. Every I tried to, but the minute I saw the black K, k, K shit And I said, you know How that's when you tapped out? Yes, yes, yes. That's what I tuned in. Yeah, no, that's What I, I was like, oh wait, all right. This Gonna get interesting. Did He say anything different in this interview than he has been saying for the Last Wait, wait, wait. Slow down before we get to him saying anything. We are not just brushing over that. Right. That's alright. We're not just brushing over that. Yeah, because that's when I knew I had to clock out.


I'm, I'm shocked we even covering it. I'm probably gonna shut up. I'm probably gonna shut up for the majority of this talk until we get to the 2 million versus PDF part of this act. This is all I'm saying to y'all. If I go to your house for an interview and you come out dressed normal and we kick it for a second and you say I'll Be right back. All right, be right back. And then I watch you walk in the little side room and then you come out. Where the fuck did me and Sade go for our Halloween outfits? Them little popup shops. Spirit. Yeah. Spirit. And then you come out in the spirit black KKK outfit.


I cannot stand here and talk to you. I'm Leaving. No, I know you more quick. No, I'm leaving. Nah, I'm out. I'm hitting you. I'm out. Not, not, not Not, not In a content game. You not leaving. You not leaving. I have to punch you in the face. I have to. I have to. You cannot stand here like this and talk to me. What do you think of me? You just have no type of regard for who I be and what I do. I just came you in Japan, nigga. How long is that flight? Long? He Wasn't in Japan 12 hours. He was in la That's just more reason why It is too long of a damn flight for me to fly out there.


And you go in the side room and come out in this outfit. I'm not just letting y'all brush over that. Well he, he, He told them in the text message earlier that he's going to do that. And I would've said, you look unbothered when he came out with it. I have shocked I have to when you do it, I don't mind you doing it. I have to hit You. Right. Academics was the consummate professional. Yes he was. He was. This is going to be the biggest story for the next two or three weeks. He was, I got the Kanye West interview. I'm gonna sit here and interview him. If you're academic you least gotta snatch the hood off. No, no, you yeah, I would be yo I would be no hit him. But yeah, you would hit him if it was a white dude For sure. You, you steal him. If it's a white dude, you not necessarily stealing him. If it's no black dude and It is Kanye West, come on.


Academic's not stealing Kanye West. We be saying some wild Shit. I'm telling you why Kanye is not looking to speak to me. I'm Not really talking. He was, He he want to you not gonna hit him by you ain't go to Japan. Shut up Joe. He to ain't to Japan. Joe been cho out there, Sam, that nigga, the Samara Joe ass. He Been say fuck Joe Biden just like he was with Jim Jones and everybody else. I wouldn't Seen them. No, no, no, no, no. We not, we don't have power over what people have to say. True. You could say whatever you want to say. Right. I'm hitting you yo. What if you go in a chest and pull out some outfit? He be like this, I have to You old this.


Are you crazy? I ain't about to stand there and talk to you like you a fucking coherent human. Alright. So About what we saw online that day. What is Happening in, yo, y'all got it. Go ahead. No, You but You Right. It looked Crazy. No, Y'all go dude, It it, it Looked crazy and it also looked custom. It was, he talked about, he said I had another piece he Had yo he had a fucking tailor For a rope. Yeah. So this was, this Was fun. Even though that does make sense. The clan ship would have a tailor. I don't think regular clan got a tailor. I think they, they off the rack. No. Yeah, They, They, they straight max.


Come on bro. It is crazy. Broke the broke honies ain't got no tail up. God damnit. That's The line Ish. There's Some richies. I think It is a mistake to just assume You. Right. I agree. Hey, they tie them shit. Something. Any organization out there that's 400 years old, I think y'all got It. It's some money in it. It's some money in it. I think y'all got it. Yeah. Y'all stand the test time. You got It. Well, fair enough. He came out with that robe. I I thought there was some new information in there. There's nothing he says that's ever so interesting or or coherent that you have to watch it. But I just need to know what they were going to, I'm, I'm talking about in terms of interview to interview. Got it. Like it wasn't like he talked about, he said antisemitic shit about Jews.


Right. Yeah. And them controlling the world. He said, he said white people are controlling Jews. He said there's there's white people above the Jews as well. Right. So so he had like a new conspiracy theory. Yeah, he did. You know what I mean? Like they had like the final boss of control of the world, not white people. It was that. It was, he talked a little bit about Jay. He did, he was insulting everybody from John Legend. He used the F word a lot for him. For for for gay people. Yes, he do. More so than even normal. It was a lot to sit through. It was a lot to sit through. But I, I thought it was a better window into his mind talking about, but he Wasn't Wait, hold up. I don't wanna be that guy. But he wasn't using, I'm not defending it 'cause it's horrible. But he used the F word not to gain people. He was just No, he Was just, it was just he was using PROMIS To Everybody.


He was using the how It is used in the hood. In the hood. Yeah. Yeah. He Was using the house Using in hood. That's fair. That's Fair. And not to death's. Right. But everybody was one is what I'm saying. Yeah. He didn't discriminate. He Didn't discriminate as to who was and who wasn't. Not some many people were gay. Some of 'em were. Yeah, there you go. That's what I'm saying. That's fair. That's fair. It's still awful. It homophobic, but yeah. Fair. It is. I mean it's a fair assessment of what he did. Sure, sure. Yeah. He, he was, he was universal with his, with his, with his Nastiness. Yeah, exactly. But it was, it was interesting to hear him talk about his ex-wife to hear about talking about the baby, talking about, you know, the, the decision to have a baby and some of his regrets About, I'm so shocked that you listened to this. So I was sitting on the, I couldn't stop. Did you hear his album?


Nah, I ain't listening to that. So then yes you could. That's true. That's fair. I got, I I could have made a choice not to listen to it. It's different. Of course You could. But, but the thing, but for me it was like, I don't wanna support the music. It's an intention not to support the music. I, I wanted, I want to hear the album too. That's Why I sent y'all the, the link. Like I uploaded it. So y'all ain't supporting the Music. It's not even a money thing for me. I didn't even not to Work that link. No, it's a private boycott. It's your own private boycott. Exactly. Okay. But you said that this was like, this interview was a real snapshot, like into the window of like how he thinks in his mind. So what do you mean? I think he's, besides, you know, I, I agree with that. I've been saying that same, I feel like that for years, like bro, he thinks differently than most people. Like he a little, it's introspective but in a different way.


It's like, 'cause some of the shit he may Say makes sense be Be kind of poyant and might have some validity, but then he'll just go left with that same exact point. Like, you'll be riding down the street and he'll just make a sharp turn and you're like, what the fuck? So something that stood out to me is that even though he was rambling, he came back to the point that he was trying to make. So he would veer off and then come back to what he meant and he would tie it in together. And I listen, I said, oh that's, that's interesting. And it might take 15 minutes to get there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He'll run. But he but he'll go right back to it. Yeah. He said, but, but this is why this is like this with Kim. So he'll go off and then he'll go into the Cardi situation, but then go back to why he's upset with Kim. And that's where, that was interesting. Yeah. That's where I agree with, with what you're saying about at least the clips that I saw, his, his brilliance to the side.


It just sounds like he's hurt about a lot of things and angry about a lot of things. Things a lot. So that's how he responds. And, and this whole shit is just gonna be him telling us why now, why, but what all these people did to him that has him angry like this, that Justifies what he's doing. He, he feels betrayed By everybody that love. No, it's also like the most desperate feeling, attention Seeking, seeking Thing that I've ever seen him do. And he's done a lot of attention seeking thing over his career. And I'm, I love Kanye West. I'm just not here for this era of Kanye West. I'll check back in when he puts the robes and the swastikas Away.


I'm never checking back in as a fan. But I, because I don't, I don't know if you could ever undo Klan robes and swastikas for, for me same. But It is interesting to see, I, I see how people could think he's sane. Like I watched it and I thought he's coherent enough and he does tie the point to f point back together that if you want to, you have an investment in believing that he's making sense. Yeah, you can. But I also see the interview is like, this is what untreated trauma looks like. This is what pain looks like. This is what narcissism looks like. This Is what Definitely narcissism And It is all the mix of things because as, as introspective as he is in a certain way, he also has no accountability. Like the whole world did something to him. Now that's the narcissistic. Yeah. He Never did shit. That's what the mania looks like as well. Yep. You know, like that's narcissistic piece.


Yeah. People like to apply the whole, you know, mental health issues to him as an excuse for the behavior and it's just like no, it can't always be applied to every single aspect of him. That's why I'm shocked. That's why I'm shocked that you watched the interview and that we're kind of covering it this way. Right. If you identify it as some sort of narcissism, then don't you voluntarily play a role in his design by covering any, getting into it? Yes, for sure. Yes. Yes, for sure. Yes. I, I'm definitely part of the Problem. And why and why insert ourselves or anyone's selves into the matrix that way? Well, no, well hold on Because It is also hard to avoid. Yeah. And, And no it's not, it's not when it's s not no, I was laughing at, not laughing at, but just took notice of that shit wasn't in none of my algorithms.


Nowhere like outside of following act and Elliot that didn't pop up and none of this shit in places that it normally would pop up at. Oh, I see. I'm like, I'm like, yo do, I don't got no ass. No I don't. Well He does. Yes he does. Yes he does. He did. He went and got there. Got snap. But I'm just saying the, the people that's in charge, they, they saw enough, had enough know you can't just shock outrage emotionally bait yourself into the top of feeds. We vetting this thing. I know y'all think it's the worldwide web. Just freedom, freedom, freedom. It ain't, that shit ain't wasn't nowhere.


I'm like alright. So it ain't that hard. It's for people to just totally ignore him wherever his album is. They made sure I wouldn't get it. Yeah. I think I'm not going to go with a, It popped up on my YouTube feed all my links, But I think I followed Kanye on YouTube so it's gonna pop up there. Yeah, Me too. I'm just saying I'm not, if it ain't as click of a button Ish for me, you ain't been to Kanye to make me go through all the hurdles and hoops. I remember one time we was on our way back from tour, he dropped the album. Was it only on title or some shit? It was, Yeah, Pablo, You found that shit, I was so grateful for Parks. Parks. I got it right here. Yeah, I'm listening. It was like an event.


Yeah. It was like, all right, let's hear this shit. Kanye Albums were an event. The days of that are over over. I don't, I don't know who could get that off for me today right now where they just drop an album and, and, and again, I stop and listen again. I just feel like some of the complaints in terms of disappeared, NBA disappeared analysts and commentators and how they talk about the game and treat the game. I feel like that same effect has kind of just happened with music. And there is no one that's viewed in that premium. I guess. There's no stars. There is no Stars. There's quite a Few we're gonna stop and listen to to Kendrick. We're gonna stop and listen to Drake. We're gonna stop and listen to j Cole. We're gonna stop and listen to Jay-Z. If he ever drop, we're gonna stop and listen to Beyonce.


We're gonna stop. And it's mad people that we're gonna stop and listen To see. That's, see to me that's not mad. To me, that's a speck on a whole fucking notebook. Those are the people that we gonna, you gonna name seven people? Yeah. Probably get to 15 Out of. But that's always been the case. Right. That's But I think it's always been that. I think there might be more superstars where you stop and listen now than before. Listen, than there was before. That's true. It's a lower way, lower percentage. 'cause there's way more people releasing music, But it ain't never been that many that would automatically guarantee whatever you're doing, you stop. 20 Years, years ago, I wasn't gonna stop and listen to a Daddy Yankee album. Today I'm gonna stop and listen to a bad money album.


There's bigger stars, there's more stars, there's more global stars. It, it's a different, it's a different world. A lot of people would've did that. Daddy Yankee For sure. For sure. On Patreon. I'd like to have that debate. What, what, okay. About your daddy Yankee, the Global Stars, how many of them there are versus how many of them there were. It's it's declined in the past few years, but there's still some that You talking about overall or Just rap? Because I can't let you use Bad Bunny to fucking wipe out Daddy Yankee when Daddy not, not Daddy Yankee. Be Clear. Daddy Yankee is, is and was for Bad Bunny for sure and paved the way for for sure a bad bunny and his stardom. Like, just because we 25 years later, like that shouldn't wipe out the superstar that the global star that some of these people were.


No, I'm not Wipe, I'm not trying to diminish them. I'm just serious. That's not a white, I'm I'm saying that Bad Bunny is a bigger artist and you can just look at sales and numbers. Like he's a bigger artist and more, it's touching more people than Daddy Yankee was then it was a lot more regionalized and localized. But Technology and a bunch of those things for sure Play a part for sure. But, but bigger point is that there are more superstars. It's just a lower percentage. See, and that's the point that I wanna argue because if we're, I don't think that we should just use metrics to identify who is and isn't a superstar. Because by that, by that, that's a good point. Nobody, nobody from yesteryear is gonna have any metrics that resemble what Bad Bunny and any superstar today is doing.


That's true. Because the game chains into I agree, a metrics, a streaming type of game. I'm not talking about record sales strictly. Okay. I'm Not talking about record. So we'd have to identify, We can look at tours, you can look at what bad Bunny's doing in Puerto Rico right now. Sold out for a month straight, brought all these tourists over there. Like, it's crazy. But the numbers are beyond just dreams. But even that's skewed for the timing because in the year 2000, it's a big deal for any rapper to sell out an arena. Yeah. Just one. Yeah. With the evolution of touring and touring technology Businesses And te companies and tech, it's common now. So I'm just saying because of what's common today, we shouldn't wipe out what was extraordinary in yesterday.


Never. I Don I didn. That's not a wipe out happening. I, it just, It is just acknowledging the evolution Though. Got it. Got it. Got it. I have all people trying to put as much respect on my elders, whether they're my genre or not. I just, it's a, my, again, my initial point is there's more superstars, just lower percentage. Got it. Than I say about I I'm With Parks. Got it. Got it. Ask who you I don Care. Anyway, I do want to ask you guys about the Jim Jones PDF argument that he highlighted though, which was, he said that he said he would meet with some crypto dude for Jim. Jim set it up. Jim would be paid a percentage, which broke down to $2 million.


Kanye found out, still took the meeting and Jim got paid in return, Kanye asked Jim send him a PDF of all the new latest fashion trends and designs and styles that the young niggas in New York is doing. And Jim hit him back and said, I don't know how to do A PDF, which Kanye took offense to, because it's like, okay, even if you don't could money, you just got $2 million. You don't think you could have figured out how to go get a PDF done or get it done if you just got $2 million? Which sounds like it makes a lot of sense. It makes sense if that story is true. That's wild.


You make a couple million, you make a couple hundred thousand, you make a couple thousand, you can piece Somebody, make a pdf, you can. Yeah. You managed to go to Kinko's. Yeah. And get somebody to do that for you. Exactly. I think, I think they was doing a collab or they was polling on some clothing shit. And that's when he said like, whatever styles that you already got, send me the PDF of all the shit. I think if I just made $2 million off you, we'll find a way. If I didn't know how to do it, I would've hired somebody and gave 'em five grand to send you whatever you needed. And not just that, just to further that relationship. 'cause I know you, you are a cash cow and I could potentially make another 2, 3, 4, 5 million with you. I would've, I would've got it done. Yeah. I'm on the other side. Well, no, not necessarily. If I, I'm, I'm on the other side.


If I'm able to get a come up off of you and you saying some wild shit that I don't want my brand to stand, you know, stand in line with or stand next to you, I'll do the Flynn flame too. I'm not sending you fucking one of the greater fashion minds in our modern times. All of the new hot New York styles and trends for you to go flip and make X amount of dollars off of for that measly two mill. That's not worth two mil to me. Nah, I'm not sending, no, I'm not sending it. Nope. Because if Jim ain't dumb, Jim know he could go get a PDF made. I'm not sending it either. I ain't sorry. Figure it out on your own nigga.


But you know, he gonna Figure out on his own. Right. I don't know that You don't think he'd get somebody else to do what, what, what Jim was going do. Yo Baby, I don't think it'll have the, the same sauce. All right. So Kanye could have had the same exact sentiment when he took a meeting for you and you got $2 million off the meeting and I ain't make shit, I don't look at the meeting like that. I don't look at the meeting like that. That's, that's the music. That's a old music business fucking trick. Yeah. I'm doing this for you. You make that but yo, now do this for me. I'm gonna make this. No, you're doing one thing in lieu of another thing. You're do taking the meeting and letting me get the two mil because now when I come back and swing the block, it's gonna be nine figures.


It's gonna be nine figures. Yeah It is. That is But wouldn't Cost you SA book. Yeah, But I ain't cost you nine Figures. What? I'm just telling you where my head is at. I ain't telling you where yours needs to be. True. But I'm, Yeah, I think that's crazy. But wouldn't you have like assumed that this was a foregone conclusion that he was gonna spin the block and say, okay, now it's my turn. No, I mean it's a few things that we don't know the answers to. He made it seem like they was already in talking. Yeah. Like they was already piling so they might have already been talking on some music shit. I mean on some clothing shit. I don't, we don't know that to be true. But that's how he kind of said it. Like, You know what I mean? And he said also that he knew nothing about the $2 million.


He found out about the $2 million right before the meeting. And he was like, yo, that's some bullshit that you would do that. Right. Get $2 million off setting up the meeting. And I still took the meeting, even though I felt a certain type of way about you getting $2 million off of my name, I still took the meeting to put the bread in your pocket Just 'cause you're such a good guy and a good human. Right. Whatever the case may be. Not whatever the case may be. Because if you only took the meeting, We can't speak for him, we can't speak for him. Whatever the case may be. I took the meeting, We can acknowledge both sides of the coin. Alright. So we can acknowledge it like you're just a good human and you took this meeting, or we can acknowledge it like you took the meeting in hopes that some, it was a different comeback on the comeback, which is how I'm viewing it could be.


I'm not viewing none of these niggas in the music business as Oh, you're such a good human that you're, you're putting, but if I find Out, Put the expectation he put pro 100% Bro. If I found out right before the meeting that you got paid two mil just to the, the, the middleman and set this up, I might be like, all right, cool. I see what type of time you want. So all right, I'll take this meeting and then when I come back I now you I want a favor from you. And That's, I don't see the problem with that Neither. And that's what I'm saying. If, if, if, if that's what happened, then I really expect Jim to be all right, you got me. I made two on that. I'm, I'm, here's I'm gonna do it. I, I here's your, here's here's the Adobe Acrobat for you. You know what I'm Saying? Or my nigga, you might not send him all the styles, you could send 'em something.


Hell no. That eliminates the time for negotiation. I don't value the PDF that you are asking for at $2 million. I don't Are you saying it's more? Yes, It's more so what? No, it's not. So what? It's not so what, so then why don't, that's not not a so what thing? That's a conversation to be had. Alright? It's, that's Not just a, I'm not disagreeing with you. It could be a conversation to be had before. So I'm not I sending you to p It's not as simple as you texting me and saying, Hey dog, send this PDF over. No. Hey Your, Let's have that conversation. Your People's meeting with me could have been more than two, 2 million. You, you handled that wrong. 2 million ain't what it used to be or something. Man. I feel like it's, if, if you make me 2 million, I feel like I owe you some shit. It depend on who the person is too. 2 million and some niggas is way more than $2 million is to other niggas.


Huh? It could and that's why I need the whole story. 'cause that's, that's also Ye's version and ye has not earned our benefit of the doubt and storytelling. So I'm gonna assume I'm more inclined to trust that Jim may have a thought on this that will make it make S not gonna Yeah. Yeah. And I'm sure it's something like what you were saying, not for Nothing or, and when they, I ain't gonna owe you and timing y'all music business. Niggas be trying that shit where y'all fucking do some shit and then spin the block to add Favor for a favor Shit to Get something more valuable. Hell no. Get the fuck outta It bro. That's just relationship. Like if I scratch your back, scratch my mind. Nah, it's a Trick. And not, not only that, it could have just been a timing thing. Hey, when I did this and we had this meeting and all of that, and then you went and started doing all this wild shit because if it's the, I'm not fucking with you at all.


Listen, and I'm, I don know how to do it and I'm aware that my views are maybe of the minority, but it's, if it's, if it's on the strength of the relationship, then it's not scratch my back, scratch your back. It's on the strength of the relationship. Yeah. So officer strength, So let's call it what It is, which is some transactional shit in a way to eliminate the conversation of trying to establish true value of something. That's all I got for it. That's enclosing for me. That's enclosing for me. I didn't make a a one red cent. So I Ain't About to keep on back it and out to Jim Child to everybody getting their side deals off in this shit. They out there. Well off of that, did, did y'all see the Nokia video?


Yeah, I did seen it a few times. What, what, what what type From what I mean, I mean I I, I saw it when he made it and I saw the previous versions that he bit from, that he bid it from. So I thought it was interesting each time the, like a white version that Kendrick made was dope. The version I saw here was dope. It was lots of versions and they were all good. They were all, I actually liked the video though. So you Think he, you think he meant he was spoofing? Like what do you think? Like, I, I don't, I don't know what he was trying to do. I don't wanna speak for Drake. I'll say this. It was the first, it made me like the song a lot more, which is always a good side of a video for me. So it was the Opposite for me. And I, and I liked what he did aesthetically, I liked the dancers, I liked the vibe.


I liked, I liked him in it, you know what I mean? He, he looked happy and buoyant. I I thought it was a dope video. I don't, I'm half kidding when I say he, I don't think he bit from Kendrick, but he has to know though. People watch that video. Gonna say that he bit From Ken Certain element. There Are some stylistic things that, that were pretty Kendrick esque. Yeah, but I didn't, I don't know. I'm tired of the Kendrick Andrick same Right Thing. But that, that's why I hate that he did It is like just you didn't have to do it this way. 'cause again, it was just a dope video on its own. Right. It's a dope song. It's a dope video. I Love it. I just ha and I just hate the fact that when I watch it, I'm like, okay, that's gonna look just like this thing that just happened. Yeah. Put it in color. I mean like, just that one move would've made the shit a lot different.


The black and white look fly though. It Was amazing. I like the artistic, I like the artistic piece, but I didn ain't really like the video that much. I didn like the video. I just thought, I thought it was artsy. I thought it was cool. Aesthetically like to look at the black and white plays, but I ain't really care for the Video. The choreography was dope. That's what the choreography was. Dope it to, yeah, it was really dope. The overhead shot is what kind of the ariel shot is what kind of gave me Super Bowl vibes a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Didn didn't think this, this video matched the song. Yeah. Yeah. That was my thing. That's it. Like when I hear this song, I'm thinking this was supposed to be like some type of a a a party.


A party type, a pool party. See, You know what I mean? Like, yeah. Yeah. I, when I hear this record, it's supposed to be, it sounds upbeat and fun. Oh yeah. Like I ain't get that from the video. This didn't feel fun. No. Mm. It felt pretty serious. I mean, black and white. White. That's serious. Like a fun video. True. It didn't feel like summertime fun. It, it didn't feel like depressing or down to me. I, I, I was, again, I enjoy, I saw Joy in that video and he, look he was having a good time. I like when, I like when you do, when videos are done that are kinda like the opposite of what you think the song is gonna be. Like the whisper song. Nobody thought that everybody was gonna be dressed up in like suits and dresses for that song. You know what I mean? Right. Yeah. So I kinda like that, you know, kind of juxtapose of different sound, but classic aesthetic The was where do you See that?


Yeah. Yeah. I don't remember the video. I remember I got you. I like, I like in the video to read through it when he was surrounded by it, you know the snakes was going around and Yeah. You know, and because remember there was a game on a Nokia phone called Snakes. So I liked that whole shit. Like he was saying this snake there snake surrounded by snakes. I thought that was dope. I thought that was clever and I liked it man. I like, I like the Caribbean aspect of it by inviting, you know, the whole carnival thing that he did, I thought that was fire. You know I'm a Caribbean nigga and it was, it was cool. I liked it shit. I thought it was, I hope it's part of a turn for him.


Like he's, that was, I thought it was a good product. I thought it was creative. I thought it was interesting. I just wanna see him hit a hot streak again. I wanna see him have a run of good, of good shit. Me too. That's All. Yeah. Yeah. Post Kendrick. Shit, that's again, that's why Didn didn't want the video to feel Serious. Serious Or derivative. Yeah. Because I don't want nobody to, I don't, I don't wanna get dragged back into the Kendrick conversation. Yeah. But it's unavoidable when you do it like this. But I, I just wanna see him keep, I wanna see him win with some good music. I didn't see the video. I see you looking at me. I see you looking at me. I see you looking at me. I know you and I did not see the video. I know you did. What Ish You seen nigga you, you think you saw They don't wanna say nothing about it. Yeah. Come on Yo. I think a nigga that watch Everything on the Internet get see everything on the internet Deep, deep.


He made media his life didn't see the new Drake video. Do I think that or He didn't see it on purpose. So you have like, what do you call it? Plausible. Plausible Deniability. Well that nigga See that video you Saying you Your ass out. That nigga See that for the Plausible Deniability part. Hate to tell you guys the truth and age myself. I don't watch A video. I ain't seen a video in a long time. I don't watch videos. I don't watch any video videos. It's a thing watch. I don watch video. There is no video that hits the internet that I click on and watch. That's why I'm laughing during y'all review. 'cause It is listening to niggas my age talk about having to watch a video. It is like yeah if I saw it.


I mean this is what it's like. Yo, we don't watch Videos. We don't watch videos. No. I watch a lot of videos we don't watch. Yeah. Really? Because I listen to music. I use YouTube like a A DSP sometimes. Yeah. I watch video and it be the video. It does. He's right. So I didn't watch the video but like my takeaway is like what Mark just said. Right? Like I'm mad that the clips I saw, I saw the little Kendrick shit. But it's like Fuck that. I want the Drake people to get in Naag, let the Kendrick people get in Naag and let's move forward. Now I'm sick of the correlation of it all. I think that this song and video and movement is a big part of that for Drake and Drake Hive. So let's not, I don't want to play a part in corrupting that or corroding that for them.


Right. I didn't see the video. My thought I'd have no thought on it. All of the blog niggas, they'd be like, Joe Button said this about this. I didn't see it. I have nothing to say about it. And I'm glad everybody's having a blast. Even when it came on to strip club, I didn't know it came on. I didn't What you mean you didn't know it came on? I didn't know it came on Because I used to tell her, Yeah man, I told you that shit is ringing off. I'm like huh? That's what shorty was yelling. Yeah. Yeah. He started ya mean morning. Maybe girl. That's What, yeah, I can see how it might, You know what I mean? That's what went over Your head. Yeah. Yeah. A little bit. Paid a little more attention to Oh, the visual than the audio. That's the video I wanted to see. Sure, sure.


Yeah. Yeah. That would've been worse. You know what I'm saying? Appropriate. Yeah. Then the merch line dropped. Hey, big mail, yo. I don't know how you Do it. Keep catching straights. You always No, this wasn't a stray. Okay. All right. Do You think it was continue What you're good about to say I was, I don't know how you always managed to come back with like some type of unforeseen bang. Like You was coming back Tuesday no matter what and then all that shit could make it look like you just appeared in the midst of fucking some mail. Shit Just came out of the Yeah, it came out of the, the, That was fire man.


I see when you, when you know when you type the website in, they go see your Patreon. I saw some people saying that. No, I typed it in. I saw it. I was, I don't know what plan that is. I saw to think a little deeper. I ain't like that shit but I liked it at the same time. When you type video vixens do ca, it goes to Joe Button's. Patreon type it right now. Some ill shit going on here. I didn you just calling my phones my What the fuck is going on? Some I Shit going, I don't Know. Oh, I thought you negotiated for both of us. I thought you finally did a solid. I woke up Then that bio shit you did. I thought you learned from your bio shit and was like, yo, if you use it then go ahead and put the Patreon up there.


That was fire. No, I didn You didn't do that? Fuck no, no. I woke up to it. I woke up to that. Got it. I didn Man. Okay. That's fire. Yeah I just checked it. It's man fire nigga. That's fire. It goes to Joe's, Joe's nigga. Yes. Eating again. Yes. Nigga he eating again. Y'all boy y boy nigga That boy some shit going on. You know what to do. He trying to call, he trying to call real contention aside. Let me, let me put this together so I'm flipping get mad. Yeah nigga, I see You boy. What, what did you think? What did you think? Don't try to change the subject. Don't do that. It's the same subject. Don't Do that. I Hate when you do that, nigga. Let it Sit. Hoodies let it sit. Alright, my bad. It goes to your Patreon nigga. I typed it in directly. Nigga lit.


I I just type it right now And he's right. Yes. That's dope. That's dope. Okay. I mean, Alright. That's super dope. I fuck with that. Good. Just wanna make sure you do. That's good looking out your boy's good man. Why y'all look all weird in the face? I Am. I don't even know what they talking about. I'm just reading your reaction to see if you bullshitting or not. There's a jacket with my image on it and underneath it it says video vixen.ca. so.ca is.com in Canada. Like A really old picture mail. Shut the fuck up. Wait, What?


Hello. Anyway, It is A throwback. It is an iconic photo of Mel. Very Nice gay Male. So anyways, you click in, you click on that link and it takes it to Joe's Patreon. Y'all said that already. What The fuck is going on? Why Y'all, why y'all keep saying that? What the fuck is going on is where's my check? Where's my check? That's what I wanna know. Where's my fucking check? That's what the fuck I wanna know. Now we're asking Drake the real Questions. Where is my check? Hey, yes, check C. Hey, Look at the camera. C-H-E-Q-U-E. Okay, check. Come on OB Canada. Check. So you didn't get paid for that?


No, I woke up to it and I'm just like, I have bigger fish to fry than this shit. Now do you think you should get paid for that? That's why man was my favorite Fucking percent. Look, Look away. The item is for sale apparently so. But you don't own that picture. Who says The photographer buy, do you own that picture? You didn't buy it for photographer Man, You didn't buy it from that photographer. Look man, the photographer. Okay girl. The photographer owns the photo. There's a possibility that I do own it. Mel, There's a possibility that I shot that from my first calendar. Yo, yo my girl. I believe you. Yeah, my girl coming in hot with some lies.


She Probably owns it. No though. God damn. Well if she owned that shit, she would be on the phone. Hey, cease and desist. I I I mean, oh Lord. I sent a DM today. Oh Girl. All right baby Girl. Alright, so let's try this a different way. Oh yeah. Oh man. Mark, do you have anything before I go? Do you have anything to say on the matter? No, I, I believe you put the shades on Mark. Alright. The light is getting my eye. I believe Mel too. I believe Mel too. This is what I'll say if, if Holly Berry couldn't get, if when because he had posted Holly Berry, it's Jay Because Holly Berry's, he posted Holly Berry's picture and she asked him, yo, hey take that down.


Hey man, what's up with you? I didn't get paid. Can you just chill out? And he was like, nah, duke. Yeah, that's the nicer version of what he said. So now you think you might be able to fare better in the instance? Mm, probably not to be honest, probably not. Probably not. And it did. It is a good looking hoodie. Yeah, It Is cute and shit. I hope that your motherfucker sales boy hey type in the website. That crazy type in the Melyssa Ford Drake web. I hope you niggas yo young boy. I do like that picture Girl. Man, I do like that picture. It's a cute picture.


It is. Gotta go check it out for himself. Now I, I used say, did I see it? I Said show him nut. Show him right now. Good. Okay. It's nice. Oh, that's Crazy. Could I at least get one? Damn 99. 99. I'm sure you could look how fast it went from. You better pay me to, can I at least court for I'll pay, I'll pay for the shipping some. Can I get some ribs? You could do. Come on. It is the least you could do buddy. Please. Please, sir. Oh man.


Oh Man, yo.


Alright. It is time for my favorite part of the show, PrizePicks. All right. PrizePicks is the best place to get real money sports action. With over 10 million members and billions of dollars in awarded winnings. PrizePicks is made daily fantasy sports accessible to all really easy and simple to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for your chance to win up to 1000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with prize PrizePicks. All right, my PrizePicks of the week, I'm going og n and Nobi for more than 19 points. I'm going with Tyrese Halliburton for more than 10 assist. I'm going with my guy Jason Tatum for more than four, three pointers and just for the hell of it, gimme bam. Ida ba dao for more than nine rebounds. Okay. If you download the PrizePicks app right this second and use promo code J-J-B-B-B, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat if you download the app right this second and use promo code JBP, you get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your


game. All right. What we doing? All I I'm gonna have fun either way, so I don't care. All right? Yeah. Whichever way y'all want to go. I'm gonna have a good time. All y'all Wanna go y'all, Y'all gonna try to make, Oh yeah, that's right. You better look at you pussy. What? But we can go to the other topic then. Yeah, Come on. Let's do it. I wanna do it just to fuck with Ish. How? Because you gonna try to be, you got like the, you gonna try to be fucking moral man. Moral moral man. Moral man. And I'm gonna approach the topic like trying to have fun. So I like that All. So there's Knicks really went and got the kindergarten toys over there. You can, That looks crazy by the way. I don know if you can see it.


I don You should really step stop paying attention to me. Let's go. Okay. You know, keep doing it. Okay. The moral police. Alright. Yeah, just I told you when the meme pop up gif it's gonna look crazy. Alright. So there's a story going around that a, a father left his three children ages 10, six and one Adam McDonald's while he attended a job interview. Yes. And some people here think that he was wrong By something. He's referring to myself. Did he Leave them with snacks, chicken nuggets, burgers and Stuff? Yeah. Come on. As long As long as he had the apple pies, he good.


I mean, did he leave them? Yeah. Did he leave them well fed? Did The McDonald's had a player area? Did he have the, did he left him in the player? Did they have the iPad? Yeah. And the charger nigga, the the 1-year-old can't go poop by himself. My nigga. He got a pamper. He wasn't by himself. He was with The 10-year-old and a 10-year-old. He's with the 10-year-old. Watch your brother now how much, how mature is the 10-year-old? Yo my nigga? We Don't know. That sounds like get to grow up fast. Yeah. Yeah. You don't say On a marathon course. Fuck you talking about, nigga. We, we seen this though though. If The 10-year-old was mature, where was the job interview at? I was about to say was Close. Maybe it was at McDonald's. That's what I'm saying. Saying It wasn't at, it Wasn't far. If it was next door free him.


Yo. I don't care what they're talking free him Three him Free. I'm, I'm with, I'm with y'all. Freedom to us backwards Nigga. Let Free him to us upside down. Whatever this shit is. It is. You don't want to acknowledge it, but this happened all the time in our homes. Man. Mom leave you in the crib. In the crib Brother. Not McDonald's. That's How he lost his virginity. Yo shit. Oh, Older babysitter. I never had a baby anyway. Yo dog. You only your kids a 1-year-old. I could see if it was a 10-year-old. I think it's a little, no, You can't leave a 10-year-old at McDonald's either. No. But a 10-year-old has, oh please. I was in the fifth grade. My nigga at 10 years old. I knew how to navigate a little. Oh, nigga's taking bus.


Oh yeah, I was taking the bus at seven. At seven nigga. Okay. With a key around my neck. Latchkey. You shouldn't have been. I know it was wrong. Where? Back in the past. That's, That's Mel's version of the projects and the key was around my neck. I was s That is it. Yo, that's projects That is it the trenches for her? It None. That 10 is different than you being in there at one. Oh It is definitely degrees of fucked upness. Yeah. You know what I'm, I'm saying I don't wanna just normalize leaving a 10-year-old. The problem, first of all, there's a lot of creeps in McDonald's. You ever, I don't know what, I'm assuming this was the hood. How Early Was this? I don't know Bro.


And McDo, McDonald's is one of the nastier places these days. Why you assuming it's a hood? Why? Like why couldn't it have been? Yeah, It is little racist. Why? Yeah, Because no black man, It is leaving three negro children in a suburban McDonald's in the middle of the That Is a fact. Point. Point. Because he wouldn't have made it. They would've, they would've did a citizen's arrest. No, That's that's the employee of the moment. They Probably did. No, that's not what, according to the report he got there, he got there at 4:30 PM Yeah he left, came back a little bit and then left again. And then came back finally around in the six o'clock or around six something. Right. Oh that's a, Was this a McCafe? It was the last, it was the last McDonald's that has a playground in. Remember back in the day all the McDonald's playground had a play place.


It has an actual play place in it. Which I did something That still happen But not a lot. And He was trying to work. I respect that. I don I bad to happen to them. It is really fucked up. Why? It's really fucked up. Like why we not giving black father a black father credit for trying to go get a job? The combo. No, that's who we're It. Is that the societal precious that the black man has to Face? Endure? Yeah. How? Sounds better. Yes It is. Lemme ask you everybody wasn't you nigga working at two years old? Nigga. Everybody wasn't you nigga had to stand my alone in a black belt. I was light skinned. Yo. Whatcha talking about I had to stand alone nigga. Everybody Wanted a black belt at three, Nigga wasn't you boy. Fathers gotta go out and work, work nigga. You right. I'm, I'm, I'm happy for hopefully somebody gives the gentleman a job. Actually. What, what would've happened if he had brought them three kids to the job interview?


That's, well they wouldn't like that. I'm just asking. I'm throwing it out there. Are they not a 1-year-old? Yo You now you don't really have the ability to work here. Yeah. Are they bad? But if they're that bad and that troublesome, they shouldn't be left in a ball. You, you sit in McDonald's, you should know you bought a little man to work. He all you. That's my point. My man's my husband been five guys when I did this. Yeah, but don't don't but, but but you don't just try to pass by. Yeah. Don't, just trying to stroll over our joke. Walk on Up the bat. Our Our joke is that's the day we learned that you don't have a fighter's chance in hell at all. At all.


He run the house. He runs the house. Oh for sure. And we made a mistake and said our kid. That's what, that's what turned up. He said muffins by mistake we was trying to make up Ish. Your son said muffins. This nigga heard muffins and went nuts. He went crazy. Yeah, he was speaking Spanish about muffins. He don't even Speak English and heard muffins? No. He heard it in Spanish. I said it to him in Spanish. But he Still What's muffins In Spanish? Es. Oh so He heard es at blue. He crazy. Yeah man, he started touching shit. Asking what's this? Speaking English. I thought he didn't, I told you, I said I thought he didn't speak English yo. Yeah he did. Don't really, but he heard crack muffins. He was on it. You know what I mean? Yeah. So yeah, the kids is bad as shit.


Some of You know what I mean? So you should understand why this black father had to bring his child to work. I mean, bring this child to the McDonald's and leave them your job. Yeah. Real big. My kid's so bad. I left 'em at McDonald's. What you want 'em leave in the car? I'd be actually, honestly, I'd feel better leaving him in the car. Nah, That's when they But Car, no, I don Felt better leaving them in my crib as opposed to a public McDonald's my Nigga. Agreed. Facts agreed. What if The crib is closer? I mean the McDonald's is closer than the crib Is McDonald's right here? It is close. Yeah. But, but there's something happen. I There's a lot of creepy mofos that hang out in McDonald's looking for kids that are unattended. The Hamburger? No, we left Him with a shank. Yo. What I'm saying hamburger crib is coming in.


Take your 1-year-old and black kids ain't really going off like that with the stranger. Like Yeah, that don't be us that much. I'm, I'm not. Yeah. But they do get other things happen to him. I don't want nothing bad to happen to these kids leaving three of 'em again. I feel so bad for this brother. I don't want him to go to jail. Me neither. I don want him to get a job. I don to get some support. The mom came, here's the thing the mom came and got after he got locked up, the mom came and got all three of them. So like, was there not a way to arrange that kind of childcare without getting locked up? Maybe she, maybe she didn't know that he was going for a job interview. Maybe she thought that he still had a job and that was why he was hiding. No way. Maybe she applied. Precious said you gotta watch these kids. I don't give a fuck about your job interview.


Watch these kids take 'em with you. And she was on some ignorance. Shit. That could have been the other angle. All these things are possible. We don't know. But I of course, right Mark. No, I mean it could be something bad. Could be some Which side you likely stand on? I I don I have no, I don't wanna, I have no idea what happened. She camet people lives. She came at, so the mother's present because she came and picked the children up after. So what's what side you stand on? Why she couldn't watch the kids while this black father go get, she's probably at work. I don't know their situation. She could have been at work. They could have a custody agreement. She could be dead wrong. She could be dead. Right. But I'm not going to now inject into the conversation that she did something fucked up when he's the one that left him at McDonald's. But I do wish that they could have a situation where she could have got the kids without him having to get locked up Because we, because we laughing and joking. But this could have turned out gravely wrong.


Hell yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, we, we being silly about it 'cause it's, but it could have went way, way, way left. That's true. Hell Yeah, man. That's true. That kid suffocating the ball pit, you know what I'm saying? No, he, he coulda ate a burger. Coulda ate a bag burger No ate burger, period, nigga. Right. Yo, how about that? Oh my Bad. Oh. Oh no. He, he burger These nigga McDonald? No, he McDonald's. McDonald. They make a man, Man. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. He was cool. Nigga had a chicken nugget. The kids was Chilling. He checked on them twice. He did check on it, his kids twice. I had to be somewhat close. If I'm leaving my kids anywhere and I don't do this, I'll leave 'em in the car though. I'm telling you. That's my, I I like that chance better. You drive up to the job, you go to the interview. I mean come on, dude. Ain't interview him for, for for Supreme Court Justice.


How long could the interview have been? You know what I'm saying? Nigga? You coulda had the interview. Where y'all, I want you to meet the director. You, you did so good. I want you to meet this person. Yep. You did so good. I want you to meet that person. Yep. My kids would be listening to hot 97 5 in the car. Wow. I with 'em. I kind of gotta be with 'em now. I would've left them in the car, Left him in the car. You could see 'em. You can't see. You go out, check 'em every 10 minutes. Afraid that the 10-year-old would be Like the wrong messages. Just means I if I had to Choose. He's right. You know what these what Samaritans do when you leave your kids in the car today, They break into car window and take right To a 10 year S not what, a 10-year-old in there? Yeah. With a especially 10-year-old black man. They think he's 30 anyway. Just stand outside. Put him in the driver's seat, roll the window down.


Give him crazy as hell. That 1-year-old in the car seat crying because he can't move Man, they gonna bust that window. That's funny. Yeah man. You gotta do something though. It is, It is bad. We got, we just walked Up Prayer. We gotta do something Chris, for the family. That shit ain't, I do hope he don't get any like real free him facts. Free him, free him, free him, free him until it's backwards, him free. Another nigga that need to get freed. Potentially, maybe not right. Depending on how you think about It. Is Sean Kingston, he was found guilty. Him and his mom and his mother. His mom. That's the interesting part for me. Sean Kingston and his mom found guilty of wire fraud sentenced. A lot of people on the streets are saying he should have just took the charge so his mom ain't gotta go to jail.


Yeah, I concur. I'm I'm with that. I thought you was gonna say the opposite. Nah, moms moms is different. That's The line moms. That's the only time you go to jail. A lot of, If I did it again, if I did it, but I'm not talking about just taking the charge for somebody. If I, if we both, if me and my moms both did it. Yeah. And according to allegedly, You know what I'm saying? But if me and my moms both did it, I'll take that. They both did it right. Well I don't know if they could, if he could have actually done it because her signature might be on like the fraudulent paperwork is it Don't matter. You could be like, I've signed her. You can work, You can work it up for your name. Yeah. Yeah. And you could make a deal a a lot of all The charge, a lot of street niggas, they take the all the time charge for they money end. I'm telling to free their mother Rachel Evans.


Yeah. A lot of people let my mom free. I'ma tell, you know what I mean? And I think they had Fat Cat mom at one point. So that happened. So Just gotta ask some questions first. Like what? Like, like what bro? Like does mom have allergies? Yeah. Shut your dumb ass Knee replacements and shit. Like full right Bill of health. Everything is cool. Can She still, she will she still be alive on, You know. Oh you fucking stupid. I read similar questions. Just gotta ask. You gonna let, so you gonna let moms go down? My mom took Frazier side a lot. That's Important.


Sometimes that's important. You gotta learn valuable lessons. This's some shit with you Doc. They Ain't gonna put mom in a nicer facility than they Would us. No, they not. They gonna put right where Selena killer is, nigga. Yo. So I mean, It is an interesting question when you look at age too, you know what I'm saying? For example, Because they're facing 20 years. They're Facing 20 years. So if you mom in the feds, right? So if your mom is, if you're 40 and your mom is say 70, He's 35. She's 62. 62. Yeah. Oh yeah. She yeah, she got a few moms in her. That's what I'm saying. She can get it Done. That's what I'm saying. She might Be, she she's a strong black woman. She's Jamaican who can do you by herself? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. She's Jamaican shit. Yeah, our Jamaican people, you know me and they into the scam.


You know, I don't know what the scam is, but that's the thing. Yeah. This niggas is ignorant. I pardon brick yo. I don look if I'm st at work in my mom crib or, or if I got a, if I'm driving a car, yes, my mom and the car's in my mom name, but it's my gun or whatever, obviously I'm taking that charge of course because that's my crime. Of course. But if me and my mom designed a criminal conspiracy together, right. Which is what they're accused Yes. And convicted of doing. Yeah. And we both did this thing. And don't even take it a step further. If my mom was the ringleader and she pushed me to do this, like, son, just sign your name. Pun of paper. Right. Then now we got some, I mean mark.


Yo Mark, I'm in the problem of my life. Hey Mark, I'm the breadwinner. Hey Mark. I wouldn't give a fuck if you was the bread baker nigga. I'm gonna do any and everything I can to keep my mother from going into a cell. Yo, it don't make no sense. Both of us in the cell. Look and I agreed, But what if We on the same page, man? What if she go outside and she start doing this shit again? Nigga, why you Lying? So what? Yo, you heard this thing Sam? I'm trying in oh six. She did 16 months in prison for the same shit. Oh shit. So mom's says G you know how you got this already? I got, I got it. You a good headache. Come on. It's probably gonna do it again. I'm starting to believe in jail again. Your bag. Shit. Crazy. It is your bag already. I ain't ever been Right.


They know you up in there already. So you want, mom's gonna hold you down. Mine ain't got a whole lot down. She might have to. She might be all right with it. She might be used To it. I mean, seriously. Is there an age? Like my mother right now is 80. She's born in 1939. So she's 86. Shout to mom and blind. Your mom was born in the thirties. Yeah, my dad was born in the twenties, so God damn it. I wasn't joking. They grandparents were slaves and shit. So like they been through some jail. Ain't nothing Jail ain't nothing for the 80-year-old lady. She's blind. They had the water hole. I'm telling her she's in the basement. I hope Fia kick your ass.


I hope f kick. I hope your brothers Whoop your ass on this ball. My, this the senior center Right Here. Don't go nowhere. Yo. What the fuck? This nigga's crazy. Y'all nigga Frazier was in that house getting his shit. This nigga is nuts. Yo, you nuts. My nigga Born in the 30. That's Real. She, she, she felt And seen a lot of shit. So she's seen 87 years. If she, if if she had to do 20, 30 years or I gotta do the 20, 30 years. There's, I'm just saying there is an argument to be made. So you'll Let your 87-year-old Mother do the time. If she takes the time. How many, I mean, I hope my mother lives to be a thousand, but realistically I'm gonna have to do, I'm pretty, pretty decent shape.


I'm gonna do all 30. How many is a, how many are our parents or grandparents gonna end up doing of that time? Maybe five. You And they might even get compassionate release From the Lord. I'm saying Yo, what the fuck is I'm saying this? I mean, I'm just saying like black people. Yo, what happened in the house? Yo people don't live in The house. So happened in the gotta bottom of this. What did I thought pops was the one that was Who's the disciplinary one? Mama pops. I love my parents. We know you do. I'm just saying that's subjective. No, I'm I'm just saying there's another perspective that if you only gonna live to be 90, 91 anyway and you take the 30 years. What if they lived to be 99? Oh, then she gonna love the senior center. It's 12. That, That is a lot of time. But again, like a lot of that had To the whole 30.


She still ain't doing 30. I'm doing 30 it. She's just a Piece of that. Right. I'll be 76 when I get out. Ain't lived a nice life. None of threw your mom in, in one of your crimes? No, no crimes. Oh no. This conversation. Oh yeah. Okay. Nah. Thank though my mother and my lies. I don't think I might have. I'm trying, I can't think of that. Off the top back pretty quickly. Yeah. I can't think that I mighta don't me my mother, I mighta, but I don't know. Joe, you're the biggest breadwinner in your family, right? That's the safe to say. Well not if the whites did right by us back in the day. Yeah. Then it would go differently. It Would, but but It is not, I'm just saying. We talking about today though. Yeah.


If we got fair value for the land today, niggas Would you village? If, if, If I don't want to just, I don't want to be that guy in the family. Fuck were y'all doing Slackers. You can't be that guy in the family now. I'm just saying. But okay. Hypothetically yes. If You, if you lose 10 years right now, it would destroy your family financially. If I lose 10 years of what? Your life. If I, if I being in prison, You gotta go sit up. Oh my lord. Yeah but it whoa, whoa, whoa. Well well not really, not Not really. Well Tory made albums. He might pot from in there. He might get his shit off. There's some funny niggas in The bing. Y'all Billy pod out here. Yeah, but it's some, I'm gonna get it done in jail's.


Some funny niggas in the B But I'm just saying like if, but if Joe button, if, if, if, if your father or other relative did that time for you, you could still protect the family. Invest in them and when they come out they'll be Fine. That's true. Like I'm listening to y'all talk about it and it's funny but some moms say just that, yo, I'm gonna hold this down for this crime 'cause you the bread winner go out there, yada, yada yada yada. That's All I'm saying. What if moms was the bread winner? How old is moms? You Said she was Getting it in? Yeah. What if she the bread winner? Yeah. Oh then he might think, nigga you Ain't made a song in a long time. Think he Might have to take that charge. I think that's the but that's the calculation. I think that's a good calculation. Yo. Can we be honest here? The streets are safer.


You stupid. Like can we just not have to fucking tell a bunch of jokes and keep it real for a second. You got them thugs. Sean Kingston got them thugs off the street has been a menace to society at least since oh eight With this little jet Ski. Yeah. Hey, if you've been, they almost died yo. Hey, any of y'all that have been on the circuit, you heard something about Sean Kingston and his mama? Not, not entirely wrong there. And when you heard it, when you heard it back, it was so unbelievable. You like niggas Shit though. They are criminals.


They, Their fucking fuckery dates back. Yo. You stupid. I Ain't know that. Them niggas, all they do is steal. Yeah, but that ain't Menacing crime Niggas. I was surprised. This ain't a Rico. I'm surprised they round up some of the cousins that helped. This whole family might just be, this Nigga's an idiot. Yeah. I'm joking. I'm not joking but I'm saying, I'm saying, I'm saying it as a joke. But nigga we've been here about John Kingston since oh seven. That's a wild boy. When all them niggas was over the house, chop the trash.


Trav was over there. Hey y'all niggas, oh man, I want to, I can't tell. Y'all know, y'all should have been over there. I heard I wasn't coming. I got invited. Oh no. Better know what party to skip. They doing too much over there and his mama there anyway. Psych, Psych. There you go. Psych. Awesome. Kidding. There you go. Tag, tag. John hate the entertainment Business tag. Get You right outta that. Hey this shit, this shit is a fucking mess. They're fixing 20 years so Thought some press. I know. I'm, I'm waiting for the sentencing.


July. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. July. She was kept Though. Yeah, she was kept and he was like, He is on house arrest. Yeah. Interesting. That's telling. Well again, she got her. Yeah. She multi repeat. Pretty good feeling. Yeah. Yep. Same shit too. I'll tell you one thing and just, just wrapping it up. If I did eat that charge, if Shorten did eat that charge for his mom and he's in jail five years from now, I found his mom caught another charge for stealing. I'd be so mad. I'd be mad as shit. That's what I'm saying. Like you can't, Oh nah, I'm testifying against you then wait, I sat and you did it again and got caught. That's all time.


Might have to tell 'em what I know. Niggas is different. Were y'all trustworthy? Would you guys back in the day have been trustworthy enough for the jeweler scam that everybody was running? What was the jeweler scam going to your favorite jeweler? Picking out a whole bunch of shit that you gotta go wear to the video or somewhere and telling 'em, all right, I'll bring this back to you tomorrow. Tomorrow Will, Are you guys trustworthy enough of that to happen? Oh hell yeah. Yes. I, yeah. So nobody's running off. Nah, Nah, I don't steal from People. Yeah. I think that not from people, Niggas tried to pull that move, but you Know your Parents was born in thirties and you ain't do no stealing.


Not from people. Shit. I, I used to do scams but I didn I didn steal from steal. Yeah. I ain't steal from nobody direct. I do scams from companies, steal from, oh Man, I cracked the big boys. I ain't nigga pause, steal. Whoa, whoa. I'm from nobody. He was a Chico. He was a, He had an accent again. That wasn't my line, my nigga. Yeah. But I, I steal from a company or corporation or something. I never steal. Did this Scam, Sue? I know you took clothes, but you did like damn, he said he had. Yeah, It is just scammed his way all what happened too? What? Yeah, but we ain't had him, so we can't say Don't listen to this nigga, man.


All right. So Joe, you, you have wrote something on there. Tell what the fuck is hot wiping. I've been wanting to ask you since we started Hot wiping. Hot wiping is something I saw in New York Post. Okay. And It is a new trend going on out there. Don't use that voice. Get your movie poem voice Here, man. It is a new trend going on out there where wives are allowing their husband to get a hall pass and they pick the woman and then they sit there and watch. Oh, cooking? Yeah, But like reverse Kook. No, it's, it's ka queen. That's the term when it's in reverse.


Ah, Queen. I see. Is that real? Yes. Have you done research on This? What'd you do that Would I do that? Always Gotta take it too far. Which we was doing. She just got back. We, we just was doing good with. Is that a real thing? Would you do it ma? A version of it. Oh, say more. Well, I've listened to somebody have sex on the phone that I was Dating. Yeah. Really? Intentionally. Intentionally what You pull shit in Sharp through my pocket.


That's funny. No, it was intentional. Really? Hey, turn you on. Yeah, it was cool. Would seeing it have been too much or would that have been more of a turn on? Probably more. Oh yeah. So you, you hot wife territory material. I don Know look warm. You Look warm with. Yeah. Gotcha, gotcha. So if you had to pick a partner for you, if you had to pick a woman for your partner, she's not looking like you. She like shaquita one of them. I think that's the control piece. Big Joints. There's a lot of hot shaquita. I'm just saying they are, but I'm just saying you picking a a, a big joint. You picking a, a joint, a model joint.


That's a good question. You, that's good question. You wanna pick somebody that was really, really attractive? That you found attractive? Yeah. But then Insecurity coming? No, not insecurity. Just like morbid curiosity of seeing something else. Like What you mean? I don't know. Maybe somebody who was like, Like if she was fired, let's just say she was fired. Right. So where's your curiosity lead? You Think it freaks? Tell us more. Y'all asking a lot of questions. Maybe like the first day back. Maybe like A really beautiful woman who is maybe about 400 pounds.


Ah, Got It. That's good for y'all now. He was right there. And that's and that's good for y'all now? Yep. For now. No funny. No more questions. This shit is over. Well would you look at that? Damn niggas just walked, niggas walked out the bedroom and slammed the door. Fuck outta here. What a ky dick. Fuck outta here. Totally into that hoo nanny. Yo. That's crazy Fucking morro. Would, would you? Oh, y'all play what?


What, what? Wait, what happened? Would you, I thought you was talking to me. I was but I already know the answer. Would. Would you allow that? But you said that y'all kind of open to that. Yeah, I'll play with that. I'll play a game. Gotcha man. Why not? Who wouldn't play that game? Like if you, your wife went and picked out the allow It nigga Encouragement. Right. By all means. That ain't the word. Prefer It. Yo, Just to advance the conversation. In the event that y'all wives or girl partners let y'all do that, what do you think would be the difference in how you performed? Oh, I think, I think initially I'm freaked The game.


No, I think I, I think initially I get like a C minus. 'cause I would be nervous to see how she, you can't be in, you can't get your API Out. So like your normal Shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So you would perform the same. You said Goofy yo because you can't be in there putting your best foot forward. Watch. Whoa, Whoa. But if she gives you the pass, this is what she wants. I didn bring Your A game. No, you Don bring your A game. You not, you better not bring your A game game. You just gotta make sure you put on a show either. Well both before and after. Right. For your wife and don't Do no new shit neither. Oh. That's where I get caught slipping. When it's the two rounds back to back. It's like all right, this one movie is gonna be different. It's extended version.


I would, I would purposely not, I didn't say that it'd be the same day. I Would not. Oh Thank you. C Game. It would be C game. It would probably be C, C, B minus C. Yo. He Keep. Why you keep saying C? Like that's the worst it can get. Or maybe, Or maybe just to keep it safe. You lay there and let the girl do all the tricks. Right. No, give out some C You probably wouldn't even be able to get hard with your wiz watching Yo. As I was saying, yo, you give out some C because you want to Gauge. Y'all think y'all be able to be hard and while your partner, your real life girl, wife is Watching. For real nigga. I'm seriously asking. Yes, Yes For you. Yes for you. Hell yes. Yes, yes.


Yo dog. But again, my point is you gotta gauge your girl. So this might not be the only time that y'all jump into that. If you give out the A plus, you might not never get that again 'cause It is a conversation to be had. But what If she wants a, she wants a show. You don't wanna turn on a bad pore. Right? You do But B minus, say at first B, I'll give Do C plus It's no Cs. Yeah. These grades like they Godzilla, Dix, You know What I mean? The B minus I can do, it's on It's ons on pause. Pause. Oh shit. Pause. C plus C plus is is low. You don't wanna give out nothing better than you giving your girl. Yeah. Ain't nothing different. It's not just, that's my point. So you gotta gauge your girl because now when y'all go home, your girl might be mad.


Nah. Now You right about that. Not that ass. You would hate to give this new piece of pussy that you never felt before. A better performance than you give that shit. You been hidden, you Going be for the last 15 by mistake nigga, you gotta mind you turn nigga you have to turn around shit. Your girl shit seen in a long time. Ain. Not many stories. I heard how the girls, well well welcome the threesome. Yes, yes. And then, and it was like, yo dog, you in there busting shorty ass or you engaged with shorty? My man told me he had a threesome with a chick and My man hit him. My, your man said, He said he finished on the other girl.


He came on the other chick said his girl was mad at, how Did that come up? He was telling me about these chicks that he had. The which m Caller Whit threesome wit. He asked him, you popped. Nah, it was where did your neck go? It was a volunteer story. And he said The girl got mad. He said lemme tell you a story real quick. Had three story. No we tell He caught you a Home Depot and said, yo, let me tell you something. Nah, he, he said that he, he nutted on the other girl. His girl's mad human. Yeah, I heard A story from a girl. Was she mad About that? She was he mad? Was she mad that he finished on her, On The other girl? Yes. That Was the only part that she was upset about.


That's supposedly that's what he said. Yeah man. So that's the shit like shorty might welcome it with her mouth and then say some other shit. Whoa, you know I'm talk like that to a fucking Gracie Award. He crazy. He just won a fucking grade. Don't do that. This Nigga so dumb. He said, We you talking to a fucking award winner like that with a mouth, yo. Save that shit for those dumb dumb out there. What the fuck is wrong with him? Shit, we just won a award. We nigga you be a gentleman for a change, will you? My people, my peoples was the girl in the story and, and was like, yo, a a a nigga. She know and his girl wanted to bring somebody else into the mix and she's not built like the girl, like physically my home girl is thick fat ass.


And his, his lady was petite and she was like, dude was behind her while she was eating his girl out. And she said shorty tapped her and was like, yo, we gotta stop this. She said because the nigga was going crazy and his girl dead it the whole shit. That's what I'm saying. You gotta go, you gotta give out. He was giving out, he was giving up B Plus he was going, he was giving out B plus. What she look like. Yo, you be in the moment nigga, You can't, that's, that's why, I mean I've never done a threesome with a partner. Mark, Do you believe it's possible for a guy to eat pussy better than a woman? Yes. Okay. I Any woman or a professional Woman?


I, I had my question was just any, Okay. I had, But I like the answer to that one too. Like, do you think it's possible for a guy to out eat a eater? Eater woman? Yeah. A guy that eats a lot. The girl that eats a lot who wins? I would say the girl. The Girl. Apples to apples. I give a girl to not the girl go The girl gonna, But I know, I know women who say like, so and so eat my pussy better than, than girls, than my chick do. Blah, blah blah. I've heard women say that before. Like bisexual women say that before. Got it. Because I, 'cause I heard that that's how they get you. Like some girls won't be gay or they'll, they won't be really entertaining the gay shit. I hope there's Not my man's story. Oh, you in, oh you in the predator group chat.


This is how we get 'em. So Suppose like, you know, some girls will be like, yo, I ain't eating no pussy. I'll let a girl eat me out. Yeah. They said the chicks be eating box so good that they'll turn you whole Pill of energy. Yeah. It'll turn you, It is so astonished. But yes, it'll turn them What you talking about? Whole pill of edge. Right? That's Hilarious. That's, that's what they be saying. So I think the chick, the chick gets in the nod Gets. Okay. That's my final question for y'all. Y'all feel freaky today? Okay. Alright. Glad that we could bond that way. Thanks. New York folks. Shouts to the cut. Quin? Anybody here think they could pull it off? No. Pull what off Hot wiping?


Yeah, like go home and explain this and get it to get it done. I thought it was the woman that initiates it. No, it's the woman that has to get it done. Like, like pick the person and girl, girl Gotta pick the person. Gotcha. But I mean if you're feeling froggy you can go home and introduce the idea and see how it pans out. I'm not even sure my wife. This segment. Yeah. Word. Yeah. You I won't have no lily pad froggy. This won't go down that way. Crazy as hell. Okay. Just a question. No, Just a question. No, same, same, same buddy. Even though when I was looking at the couples in the strip club when we went out, I don't know man. I don't know. What'd you, what'd you see?


Tell strip club tells a different story. Strip club tells a different story Is It is a threesome even. And I'm asking 'cause I've never, again, I I've never had a threesome with a partner. It's always been like two. It's About the clunky one of them Batmans right there. I never had a three song man. No, no, no, no. Alright, Go ahead. What I'm saying is, is like the idea, like I I know that nigga's in Stanford going crazy Niggas in Phil, Yo he was in temple acting a fool, Not a temple. But my point is like for me, like the idea of having two, two random people or two people you're not attached to is the part of the fun of it.


The idea of having to be that accountable to one person to make sure that you sounds Exhausting. Yeah, It is. It is. It's It is like you gotta tend to, have y'all been in a situation where y'all had to do that? No I haven't but that's what, that was my point like It is trial and error. So you gotta do the bullshit to gauge how your girl gonna respond first. And then if she's welcoming then I think you'll be more free or more open to get it in. You know what I mean? Like I heard horror story. So you Gonna start with a C. Yes. Might end up with that a No after like couple, couple weeks later you start getting your grades up. But you can't give that a make McDonald roll. You can't get a pipe up from the not out the gate. Yeah you can't, you cannot do that. May make the dean's list in six months but from the rip nah It back to these grave.


Lemme jump in somehow. Final freaky question since y'all are here, would anybody here minded or have a huge problem if they were cleaning the house and learned that their partner had a mold of one of their exes in the house? How you gonna know? How You gonna about some mo This look like Robbie. Wait a minute. I've seen that before. Recognize anywhere. This looks like She told you.


Oh she think you pussy there. She Told you she think you pusy. That's what that means for sure. You Pusy. If Your girl telling you the truth about that, she definitely think you pussy. She Supposed to lie. This looks like Robbie is nuts. That's nuts. And do you think Could pull it off Vice versa But wait, wait, wait. Like we've had porn stars and, and women of dad ilk come here with molds and hand them out as gifts. But What if you got 'em? Do You think you could take it home and use it? No. No, no, no, no. Really? No. Why Male stop. Let me tell you, the male ego is this. I mean It is holding on by threat. But what If you got him? So if you come in here and say yeah, that's what If his shit like, You know what I mean?


Yeah. That's James Harden shit. Like What you crazy nigga? Shit, that was a lot. What if you got him beat? How you know? Alright, Moving on very long. It is fine. It's fine. It is fine. You got it still Dude. You was fucking with this shit. Yeah Charlene. Shit. Right. That's An important point. It is because it's because it either gotta be the same size, bigger or smaller. Right. And if it's smaller, why do you want it? If it's bigger then get that shit outta my house. But you're Fantasizing over your last man. It's Still nigga me. I don't care what size. What Yeah, I don't want my house anyway. I'm just, I'm just thinking why you want it in the house anyway? Yo dog. You, You said so your man could come on and be like, yeah that's Charlene pocket pussy right there and you gonna be like, oh okay. Charlene used to fuck with. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's cool.


It is. I don't really see the difference between that and integrating toys in sex play. It is nigga Have Lisa And Pussy in here. You better not have Charlene Pussy in here. Okay. Alright. What the difference if I can go meet Lisa Ann. Everybody don't have accessibility to Lisa Anne or somebody else that might be a porn star you've watched for 20 years perform. You be saying that name a lot Lisa Ann. Okay, so hold on one second here. None of you have ever oh's a real person had a significant other where you guys have fantasized that you were sleeping with somebody else at the moment that you were Your fantasy your chick don't know about in your brain. I ain't pull out a projector. I Yeah, you ain't pulling Out. You pull pusy out.


Keisha right here Jack me right here. Yeah. Again, that's somebody that your girl might not think you had accessibility. Have you guys Ever asked your girls what their fantasies are? Like the ones that they feel like they have to keep from you? She trying to be funny right now on the first day, but I've had Some conversations. They're walking into it. I don't know about no fantasy shit and all that, but So how'd you, how'd you propose a question? Like who? Like I know who the, the, the niggas that my girl likes. You know what I'm saying? Like I know the dudes that my girl really is attracted to physically. You know what I'm saying? So it's, It is a, It is a So how did You propose? That's all you need to know. How did you propose It is what we asking. Like she'll see somebody that I know she like on TV and she'll be like, yo, he's, he's high or he's handsome. You know what I'm saying?


And I'll be like, who else you Like wait in front of you. Yes. That's his friend nigga. But That friendship that's not fantasy level though, Right? No, that's what She Like fantasy. I all offhand, no, we Didn't go there. But I know the dudes that my girl like physically did is attracted attractive. Exactly. Say me too. But I don I don't ask about the fantasy of it 'cause I don't wanna know. Yeah. Because we ain't doing shit about it. Okay. Keep that shit in your head. Especially not we. Oh what? Especially not we. Oh yeah. Right, right. Especially not Weed. Right. Right. Speak French, Spanish, Arabic? No Plurals All singular.


Oh man. Yo, you Me. What You ever asked her what your, what her deepest, darkest fantasies were the one she wants to keep from you? We've Had some of 'em talks before when I was trying to care. Got it Is A fool Y'all. I was trying to care. I got in a little bit of that but okay. I tried to stay outta that. I try to mind my business. Okay. A fantasy Girl, Ike Turner come out. No, you Don. Remember what Me turner, there is no Ike turner with me. It was the meme. Yo. Nevermind The one when he looked back. Yeah. He'd be like, yo, my chick wake up.


She better be, yo, It's all right bro. It is Cool. She can fantasize. It is just that we don't need to talk about it. Not not in this house. Keep It to yourself. Keep it in your head. My like Yeah, Your fantasy, your head. Leave it in there. Exactly. Thank you. Because then if you say the wrong fantasy, I'm gonna judge for sure. Like if you say the fantasy and I know him and like I know how you really move. Use a Oh yeah. She might not know nigga. Sorry. And That's part of the fantasy. That's part of the fantasy buddy is how unattainable he is. I'm with him on that. I'm with you Joe. I I had a ex, I'm with Joe on that shit fantasy. And it was like, you can't be that nigga either and say something, but it's like if you only new you like oh no you judge.


That's the point though. Oh, IM gonna say it's heavy. They don't know. Yeah, they don't know. Then you say something, you a bird ass man. That's why you can't say nothing. Tweet, Tweet, tweet, tweet. Oh you all Fuck that got hurt. You Right out my Mouth. That's my favorite thing to tell. I knew You was talking, You was talking about Before you, how many times y'all going to the concession stand at the Chris Brown Breezy Bowl Before? Should start during intermission. Intermission. How many times y'all gonna make a quick little run to make sure you and your queen got everything y'all need while she hold the seats down? That's hilarious. At the Breezy Bowl. Oh no, I don't do that. I'm asking y'all. Mm, I Don't do that. We get our shits on the walkin. Yeah, that's it. And then you Go together, right?


You go together freeze. And, and when you on the the the, the tickets we get It is like a private joint on the side too. Well I wasn't really talking you no freeze. Ain't gonna miss no Chris Brown. Oh no for sure. Freeze ain't gonna miss no Chris Brown. What about the rest of y'all? How about Jewish? Same Thing. Intermission and we not on the walkin. Are you going by yourself or they gonna walk with you? Freeze. I mean itchy. It Depends on the situation. They so lucky to have us. It It is, It is. Some niggas, some sniping. Soon as you walk away and they try to get your girl so Shoot, shoot, Shoot, shoot. What you talking about? Yeah, you don't care about it. Yeah, I know you got vanilla on lock. I know that nigga. Ice cream c It is a fool. Yo. I mean now I give that look. Hey you know what time It is?


That's what you'll say? No, I'm playing. Oh no. She ain on down. No, she don't live down. Oh, you would jr be there anyway. So How many times you get enough to go walk? None. Oh You Don't get my area. Probably have a waitress. You don't get thirsty. Probably have a hostess in my area. Oh, you press the button. Probably won't be any people. You might, you don't got, you don't got. I pee. Any reason to move They Bring the pea cup to you. A pea cup Just asking. Nah I be there. No, it's three hours, four hours later. It is a long Show. I don't pee. I don't take it. Water Soda. Izzy. That Be cool. Spill some gizzy on your shirt. Yo don't gotta walk to the, you know what I mean? Peroxide. Yeah, I got You.


Spill some gl. I got you dog. It's Cool. Is there anything else that needs rt? How about that? Yo, you've told me to write about Big T's third term, but I didn't think you could have a third term. Well you Can't technically until he changes what he gonna change. And that's what I'm concerned about. So we've been saying for a long time that he's never leaving office and that's a real fear that people have. And in the United States you can't run more than two terms, whether it's consecutive or separately. Right. You used to be able to until 1951. Now you can't. Right. We Roosevelt ran four times in a row. They asked the Trump last week what he was thinking about and he was kinda like, yeah, I just might what what what he specifically said was, we're looking for other means.


Right. First somebody said, are you going to let Vance run and you just run as the VP and basically run it as VP. Now that's also illegal by the way. I was about to Say you could do that. No. Oh, okay. I don't think he's read the Constitution ever. No. Or Don't care what he's saying or he don't care what give shit by no constitution. Exactly. He probably wiped his ass with it at this point. Probably. There's people in Congress right now already saying we need to change the constitution to allow for a third term or multiple terms. He's got a grassroots movement. He's got the Supreme Courts in his pocket, he's got the Congress in his pockets and he is got a pretty strong mandate. Most of the American people want him to be president. But whether you like him or not, like a lot of people do you know what I'm, I'm talking to the American people. So it's not impossible that Donald Trump could change the rules and run again and again and again bro, He said during his candidacy, yo, you vote for me, this will be your last time having to vote, be a can.


Now he sensed some shit like that. Yeah. Like that was the sentiment. Yeah. So niggas was saying that even before he got elected. Alright. I just want everybody to keep their head on the Swivel, man, this shit, the dictatorship waiting to happen. So Just keep your head on swivel. Don't, I don't want everybody to be surprised in a year when the, when the laws change or when they try to change the law. That's the only thing I'm telling people. They ain't gotta be a whole big thing, but just pay attention to this and fight it. Vote. You know what I mean? I, I'm now a New Jersey voter so my vote doesn't matter as much. But when you, when you're in these really con every Vote counts first. Why you say that? Because New Jersey typically votes Democrats. It votes the same way, you know, on a lot of this shit. Right. This Year was close though. This year. This Year was close, sir, but two close To speak that way. I was coming from Pennsylvania, which is like one of the most important.


So that's the, I should just say in context. Oh, okay. In context. Yes. I'm, I was coming from Pennsylvania. Now it matters, but not in the same way. I'm just saying wherever you are though, pay attention to this advocate. Make sure your, your representatives do something different. Because if you don't, they will go along to get along. Including some of these weak as Democrats, especially some of these weak as Democrats. So please y'all pay attention to this. Oh you will have Donald Trump as president forever. And I don't even care if you like Trump. We don't want a situation. We don't want to, we want a system where somebody can run for office and stay in forever. That's like having a king. Yeah. And we don't want that. That's exactly that. That's all. That's it. Alright. I get it now. Thank you. Yeah. And other news that I care about.


Summer Jam put they lineup out. Hey. Okay. And more importantly, let's go. Summer Jam is in Newark back in Jersey. Okay. Big Jersey. Big Jersey. Big Jersey. Who's on the lineup? The lineup is a Boogie gunna gorilla. Money Long Asaki. Excuse me if I'm saying that wrong, I'm not familiar. Ja Rule and Friends Aria Star Ja Rule and Friends, thank God attribute to Irv Gotti. That's dope. Cash Doll. Jim Jones and Friends Jim Jones and Friends Cash Cobain 41 and it says Bobby Sanders and Java featuring Meca. Hey Bobby Con Bobby Condo. Bobby Con pardon himself. You're Jamaican nigga. Act like that. I am he from New York.


You might have just lost the Jamaican card. Ben lost my Jamaican card bro. I ain't need Jamaica. You be it back. I need it back. Yeah, you get it back when you take the truth to Jamaica, you'll get it back. I just, I'm go, I'll go get it. Ain't go to Rodeo. Oh nah, nah nah. Oh no I ain't going over there. Nah, nah. What Happened? We trying to get you a Jamaica Car back. Okay, go ahead, go ahead. Oh nah, nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah. Come on. Yeah. What come after that? God is good. That's great. If you're Jamaican. You got a lot of cheap insurance coming your way. Tell you that one buddy. You have to make up for that one.


Make It man. I mean I am, but I'm not. But yeah, I'm very excited about this. It it's a pretty good lineup. It's a good New York lineup, which is a big thing. You know, before it was always just the biggest acts in the country. That's true. It's for the last, I wanna say three years. They've been kind of honing it down. It's no more at the, at the MetLife stadium. So they were able to kind of focus more on the city. And this seems to be a great lineup right here. Oh, it's, where is it? Prudential. Prudential. Okay. Yeah. Put your jewelry up. Who? At Prudential. I wasn't saying you. Oh no, not at Prudential. We Know we gonna be there. Big freeze. Yeah, no, I'll be there For sure. When y'all gonna debut your other chains.


Yeah. The big chains. Never you You guys got new chains. Who y'all Did you guys get matching chains? Have a chain? What'd you say? What you Just say? He made it seem like you guys got matching chains. That's what I Thought. No, we didn't get matching. It Wasn't like the heart. You break apart the Y yang match your, match Your hoop. Oh yeah. Motherfuckers. Yeah. That's funny. I don't own a chain to answer your question Then I was wrong. That's Another one. You have a question for y'all? Number One Ready? Yes. Would you rather fig from this day forward, forget your past or excuse me, hold on.


No, no, I'm hear it. Or would you rather forget everything moving forward, remember your past or forget everything moving forward? Repeat that. Maybe I'm slow. Say it again? Yeah. Would you rather, from this day forward, forget your past but remember everything moving forward? Or would you rather remember your past and forget everything moving forward? Like if you, So your brain is on a 24 hour cycle where it Yes it cycle. You stuck in the past. Basically you was watching hunting party, wasn't you? Something ground Hogs day or some bullshit? I'm just asking a question. I just, 51st dates. That's what you watched, right? I didn't watch anything. I just wanna know, I just wanna, I think my brain is automatically on the former, like I already forgot everything that happened and him trying my best to remember everything that happened.


So You but you but you, you prefer how you you prefer how It is? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, for Sure. I'm, I'm gonna take the past. I wanna, I wanna remember. Yeah, me too. Okay. So you'll forget everything moving before you don't mind forgetting everything Before short term memories lose losing. Yeah. Yeah. I'll keep, I'll keep my past memories Ing same past. Sure. Yeah. Past ain't been so bad for me. That's tough. Not just that the past, like everything. You've been everything I remember you been through that's Yeah. That's who you are. And I wanna remember like my family, I My mom, That's why y y'all should reduce some of it, right? Like what the fuck? You don't have to be who you are, but we gotta get rid of that. Like self, all this stuff love shit. Like you Fuck, sometimes if you get a redo one nigga's depressed.


Not you. I'm just saying sometimes if you redo just a few weeks from your past, we could get a different outcome of some of this shit Though. How would you appreciate the redo? Huh? You wouldn't appreciate the redo. You only appreciate joy because you've had pain. You wouldn't appreciate the redo if you never experienced the bullshit. Oh shit. It's getting poetic on us. No, I'm just saying you, you wouldn't have nothing to gauge it to. It's true. Is it, it's absolutely. Yeah. You can't just enjoy joy 'cause it's joyous. No, but how do you know it's joy? You can't experience the euphoric highs without having to having experienced the abysmal lows. So why do babies smile and giggle and laugh and have all this happiness? Do they have some secret trauma will at? I don't think that that's joy. What is it?


I think it's just a, a, a Response. Somebody Tell you nigga. Yes. That's just a react. Very good man. Good man reaction. No, I'm talking about like, even like, I guess what I'm saying is like, I wonder if there's this way that the world is so fucked up. I agree that like bad things make you appreciate good things. Yeah. Mel. So Ill, I don't think I happy babies and joy. They some bullshit. Hey man, fucked up baby. Fuck. That ain't joy. What's that? I, I like, I, and It is just, It is a philosophical thing. There's no right or wrong answer, but I like to think that there before you, the world fucks you up. There's a space of just like purity that we also have. And to me that's joy too.


And I would, I would, if I could get back to any space I'd want that part, I'd want that joy that you don't even know. Oh, Childlike joy. Yeah. Like you don't know nothing about the world. Well you Don't know even know what that pain that y'all talking about Is. That's, that's what I'm saying. That's where I want to be. That's what, that's, that's the shit. But even if you go back and redo or relive weeks, like he said, try to change weeks of your past. The future won't be the same. True for you wouldn't have the same outcome. A whole different future. So would you risk that, would you risk changing? Because I used to think like that. Like damn, if I could go back and do this and if I could do that, I'll do that different. But would my, would the outcome be the same? I wouldn't have the same outcome. Well here's the thing is if you, if you relinquish your past just for everything moving forward, then you forget everybody that is in your past.


Of course. It's like understand. So then you have nobody essentially you don't know who your friends are. You don't know who your parents are. You don't know shit. No, I agree. You have no, you have No Connection. Eliminate that option. That's, we can't have that. I got, we gotta remember them. Gotta have your friends, Yo. What's the, your friends, your family, your mom. Lemme stop your kid. Yo. Hold on. Wait, wait. Fuck this nigga just the oven this out. What you said don? The money now the last part I was talking to this nigga, he like, yo, I'm like, I was talking to him about, yo, you not hitting about peoples and shit. You gotta hit them up and what you doing? And he like, yo Fuck them. No, he didn't say fuck them. No. But he was like, sometimes I just don't. I I He ain't say fuck 'em on camera.


No, he said he wanted, he didn't say fuck them at all. He said Joe button that I know. He said he wants to, I forgot. What did you say? You wanna move forward like you change, sometimes you change. I don't want to go back back. He said when is it okay to change? There You go. When is it okay to change up on people? Yes. And I said if they're on the same status level as you to me and they're not presenting nothing negative, it's nothing. Why would you change on them? That was my, like that was my response to you. You said when is it okay to change if them niggas on the same status as they doing? They thing you doing your thing. Why change up on them if they, they're not being bums. They're not asking you for nothing. Well, well, I mean we, they just, you know, we're constantly changing. Y'all Just get on these pauses and be unrealistic. So there's no point in me having talk Realistic. But, but nigga you like the, I ain't gonna say Kanye, but your mind is Just complex And I'm not talking about in our talk.


I was joking in our talk. I was joking. I Know you was. But it was In, in real life though. Sometimes I won't be joking about it. I'm be joking about It. You wanna wake up one day and just decide I'm not gonna talk to this nigga anymore. He gave you reason. Every rock going party. I seen a bunch of niggas I changed on. What was the reason you changed? None dog. I'm sitting, I'm sitting here. No way. You just laughing but you're not saying nothing. Hey, at Rock on party, shout to Rock on Doughboy gang, gang, gang at Rock on party. It was some niggas that seen me, that know me from when it was okay to just talk to me. Can't do that shit no more. So when they seen me, like they was just, and they, they was just talking to me like we used to talk.


They ain't, they ain't get the update. Hey, hey my brother, remember the update you talked about? They aint update. Hey, my brother like can't talk to this nigga no more. That's awesome. Or I'm sorry but, or I'm sorry and you don't know. So it's not your fault, but you can't talk to me like this no more. And there's no reason other than I just changed. Sorry. Respect. I'm sorry. I want to clunk you in your head. What you be talking, Hey listen, if I wake up one day and stop, stop wait. And if, because this shit could be confusing you out there.


If you listening, you know me. So let me help you once we get past. How's the fa dog? They don't look, they Don't know. They don't know you. Hey listen, all right, let me help you. Except they knew you. They'd know right after. Yo, how's the family, the wife all nigga? That's, that's the end of it. So you would engage but you keep it short. Yes. Got it. Paul. But Hey man, he don't have to engage. I'm only gonna engage if you initiate it. No, I'm engaged motherfucker. Hey man, good to see old shit. How you been? Word that's plum. How's the man? Everybody good? That's a closing lock. Okay, We peach.


We Opening grand Love, love, love. So There's not nobody in the past that you may see and be like, yo, dear, I'll sit there and have a a dialogue with them. Are we related? Not related, but you Had, oh No, you had a good pass with them. No. Good friendship. They probably went away somewhere. No, He answering. No you and that's him. They went away somewhere. Not, not a prison but like in military. Thank you for your service. Thank you for your service. Wait, wait. No too. Wait. When they pop back up with their military wife. Right. Them niggas always getting married. Hey, this is Dolores. I I met her so I was still lying. We we were stationed out there together and man she was the only one, the only girl stationed with me and she, and I'm supposed to sit there like, Oh, Half of this is pardon?


Come on half of it. Well I don't believe these niggas half they on the side. They on the side of grin 'cause they know you. Really? And It is kind of bothering me. They Half That sounds crazy. I don't believe it though. I watch you stop and talk to a regular. I I want, I wanna say Joe Schmo on the street. I want this to apply to a's friends too. It is not like that. No, I Don't want talk to them neither. So why you Talking to nigga at baby boys school? Out number black school? Wait, athletic School? Yeah. You spoke to the guy, the father, you had a conversation with him. You didn't know him. You said, oh my man, that's my man. That's my man strangers, that's My man.


No, that's my man. Stop. Don't do that. You go pick My your Kid up at school. My, When you having a conversation? You Said and one of the dad see you and like, hey man Listen What he said? What's his name? I don't fucking know his name, my man. There you go. But He had a conversation with him, a joke said and came and talked about it. Like, yo had this great conversation, it's dope, da da da da. So to say that, ah, he can change. I don't give a fuck. Fuck y'all nigga. Flip, flip, Flip. Tell me how y'all ignore the fine parent that keep coming to the same school as your kid's school and picking they kid up. How do you know that while you at the school picking them up too. Like you at the school picking your kid up the fine as parent come and picking their kid up at the same time as you while we in a relationship. Tell me how y'all deal with that.


Just put Sunglasses on. I'm quick. Just Do they say, do y'all speak to them? No. Yes, Absolutely. Yes. Good morning. Hello? And that's it. How Are you? Hi Ms. Parker. No, they hold the door. Thank you so much. Thank you. Yep. There's no other work. Keep it moving. You gotta look at the kid. You look at the kid. Okay. Focus on the kid. Okay. One of 'em stopped me. I was like, Hey, your daughter is in this class with my son. I was like, okay. That's nice. You looking for a step down. Fuck you telling me for yo? Yeah, you gotta focus on The kid. I get caught about being too friendly. Gets you fucked up. You gotta Focus On the kid. How you, I wanna be friendly sometimes. Hey, what's his name? Oh y'all cool. Sometimes the kids be cool too.


You gotta it get a little tricky. No sir. My Wife don't play that shit. No. Tricky for me. No, no. Tricky, tricky at all. You gotta act. But if you build that friendship or rapport, I'm gone And your girl come, you not build Another friendship. I'm not a contractor. Listen, because if you pick your child up every day from school and you build a rapport, you guys have, you know, sometimes you wait five, 10 minutes and you have a conversation. Now when your girl come, like say months later, your girl come with you to pick her up. You gotta act funny a little bit. You stopped, you lost me right there when you said the five, 10 minute conversation. You don't gotta wait five or 10 minutes. I don't have to do that. Yeah, I can say, Hey, hey how are you? I can hold the door. They could hold the door. Oh y'all going y got kids. So sometimes in certain schools you could wait, you wait in the school yard for your children. Sorry. Oh gotcha.


So sometimes you'd be out there for five, 10 minutes. I'm gonna tell you in, in that case I have AirPods on. Oh, you'd be rude. Got it. Nah, I won't be rude. We just, no, not being rude. Hey you smooth. You know they coming to you. Hey what your daughter name? Hey wa Hey your eyes are so they'll love you Ish. I'm gonna love them back. I listen to the podcast. Alright. Yeah. Thank you so much. I greatly appreciate it. Yep. That's it. Thank you so much. Thank you. So all I say It is you every day. You a fucking liar. Yo bru every day. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. I hate handsome lying niggas. You're just a handsome liar. Lying about what? You not you not, you talk too much first acknowledge the compliment. Yeah, Thank you.


Go ahead. Fuck all that dog. I don't do that. That's, that's you asking for trouble, bro. True. I introduced my wife to them. Yo. Hey this is was his name. Mother got me cool. Fall back. None of that. Yeah. All right. I'm going with, what sleeper am I doing? This popped up in my phone the other day and in honor of the Breezy Bowl, one of my favorite underrated Chris Brown records that has not spoken about enough. I'm going with Stuck On Stupid Fortunate Huh?


Fortune album, right? Yeah. This is that.


It is what Brand new old music that is Chris Brown Stuck On Stupid available in your phone on DSPs right this second.


Yo. As much, as much as I love that song, you ever notice how it's, that particular record is all preor and chorus? Yeah. The verse is like four bars. I don't care. Nah, I'm saying it's fine. It is just, it's just one of them that always, anytime I play it's like this is all just chorus. I Love that song. I Love it too. All I need is The chorus when I'm fucking ice I don't need, yeah I don't need, I don't need the verse like, oh gimme all chorus and bridge all chorus and bridge for my stroke. I mean, oh I, I'm gonna go to DC March 31st Mark the 10 year anniversary of Wale's, the album about nothing. Oh that's which is one of my, some shit for that album.


So my sleeper off of that album is gonna be the hel. I love you Wale. Shout to Wale. So you are the balloon. You got that helium Seinfeld and we travel with you through the string. We're going up there with you. Even though we're on the ground, we can't fly. But I can get a, I can buy it so I can get a balloon. I can't fly but I can get a helium balloon. I used to put my faith in the yard. Now communication is gone. I agree. We've gone distant. My new location, the chops, nah can count the days, but let's just say five years coming of age and make you blow by your day job.


So cry for me. Wow. For me It is a horror story. Eyes 2020 said I am be your normalcy and I be different getting diplomas in peace but getting applause and across I'm hitting dip blow for a beat along slight worth to die in. So it's the purpose. I see the world of doppelgangers niggas ain't worth the cap. Pee he cap, they got me cold. Niggas will fly you up this high won't let you fly to the, they moves made to your make moves.


Achieving new feats. Every few a shoes, 16 tick dream different Bs looking like a new Supreme. And Nick, See that bend beast. Then that attraction I hanging in their hello I some shit good. Some shit Flo some they don't wanna see you pop. Shit good. Some shit knocked. Some shit recycle. Next second time to the front. First you picked up, then you pick, you get too far. Tell your core fans like fly.


I fly Now when a kid gets a helium balloon, he's holding that string and he's keeping this balloon from going anywhere. But he also wants to let it go. Rapp rich, I don reach out for because no right for retail.


Why not see my details by self spin? Only by by they female. So they fold that saying that just make women's songs. Yeah It is perfect style. Every verse of got me right where her was at. I don know what my core needs fans. So fuck who ignore me. Fuck who ignore for I need niggas. I purchased three members and show y'all was full me. So he wants to let it go and he wants to catch it. Right? Eventually he loses it. He doesn't wanna lose it. Why give a fuck the as long as my uc Glory, try your glory need's whatever.


See me good. Never me Better Fuck. Ain't say nothing. T say nothing. Cut. And again that record was The Helium Balloon Wale the album about nothing.


Happy 10 year anniversary. All right, I'm gonna the Bronx. This is my man David Bars Creepin. You ain't see it coming. I crept through. Treat it like nothing. Doing this for the next few. Ready to push the button. No bluffing to check. Do respect, do step through foot on the gas, foot on the neck too. Don't tell no when your next move. Ain't my staff follower win the crowd with the breast move. Forgot yes. Got now even the best. Lose not impressed sitting at the desk with the chest move creep while you sleep. I be yep. When the breast moves Drop Gems didn't pop out with some fresh jewel Hardhead doing what I want.


Don't accept rules. Big step is still stepping on you with fresh shoes, best tools being used onto the next news being fueled. I don't know about with the rest cool competition under me. They stuck in the cesspool. Let's pull stressful. Learn from experiences the best school outside. Catch you by surprise. Creepin outside. Catch you by surprise. Creepin outside catch you by surprise y Creepin. Pre Creepin Creepin. Young Creepin ain. No lines what I'm teaching, they despise what I'm preaching. Getting minds in they leach and near time seem reaching my shine in decent time. In is recent lines that I present a block trap. Prevent came from the ground playing my feet in the sea. Man, I don't come to ground if they don't pay me for the event outta this world too.


There ain't been to places that he went type of demon time that we be on to make the repent shots. If I get his We on it. Don't want sea rent they ain't really take stab from or something that we land. Got here top tops here with it resting and peaking working every day. I don't even rest on the weekend. Flow of ocean in here. Take you out to the evening. I'm sure the notion is clear. Benefits even reaping. We ain't going nowhere. We ain't calling it even Letting knowing. Beware. Scared all of them. Leaving outside. Catch you by surprise. Creepin Outside. Catch you by surprise. Creepin Outside. Catch you by surprise. Young Creepin Creepin. Creepin j Freeman Outside Catch you by surprise. Creepin Outside Catch you by surprise.


Creepin Outside Catch you by surprise. Young Creepin Freeman j Freeman Creepin David Bars Creepin. Shout to my man's family. You know it Big-ish. I'm going to Jersey, big Jersey Young lady's name is Monique The Star. The song is Lost My Mind. Big shout to RG and Hunt Local. It is a girl from Jersey. I, for all the things that I have done, I nearly Lost My Mind.


Way much love. I nearly Lost My Mind. Lost My Mind. Lost My Mind. I said these people, they said they always gonna ride with you. These people said they always gonna slide with you but around and turn that back and switch sides on. You got these niggas running around telling lies on you. Loyalty. Ain't no more loyalty harming down. That's what it's supposed to be. Broke me down. I let you get too close to me. I showed them love. Our niggas really on me. No. What's Bitch Nigga really told on me? I'm grown love. I'm right where I'm supposed to be. Show love that didn't get you first degree show.


Love that She ain First I Mind That I I almost Lost My Mind To done. Nearly Lost My Mind. Show way too much love. I nearly Lost My Mind. Lost My Mind. Lost My Mind. Lost My Mind. These people said they always gonna with these around lies Ain't no more down.


That's what it That's Monique The Star Lost My Mind. Shout to her. Hmm. Mine is called Let's Play and I'm trying to pronounce everybody's name. Wl Holybrune and Dezzy Hollow. Okay, this cover looks like some wild shit. I'm not gonna lie. Right? I don't know what's going on here but I mean listen to the synthesizer though. Doesn't it Go with it.


Sure. The on the way to see if you really got a thing for me. The corner. I ended up with the gangster league let you that We on the moon with the play hard at you.


Getting caught up in Let's get lost and we can just lay back.


We play ball, let's play, let's play. Come on love. Let's wait, let's wait, let's wait. Just say Okay. Head down in two. You like to sweats. Look at that mean too. Show me what you You been hiding and playing some shout of your Do said tonight It is a secret and not you that we never conclude. We only on to the next. I was passing you keeping up baby girl. I'm impressed. No we not in rush. Keep in touch. Just put it back. Action.


Let's go bridge. It is feeling like that coast. But we outside all night.


We can go wherever you like. You just gotta tell me I fall. That is WL Holybrune and Dezzy Hollow. Sorry if I'm butchered. Any names there That was about, that was I Don Dunno if it's parody but it was still about yeah Joe Biden. I'm not mad at him. Well Mark's got sleeper. Mark's got something that people are sleeping on.


I hate y'all. Alright Lennox just drop a new single. Is that like Taboo or something? No, no. We love our Oh I can't wait. Can't wait to hear. Alright. Lenox on her birthday last week. Happy belated dropped the single Soft Girl Era produced by Brian, Michael Cox and Jermaine Dupree. Let's Hear it. This. Yeah. Oh yeah. Y'all know what this is baby. That's Ain.


Do nothing but look. Hurry up Soft Girl Era. First class. I ain't going nowhere ain but Soft Girl Era maintenance. I've been busy. Take me on a vacation. Money your mouth. Don't say serving cake on the plate. Aer don't you Tell nobody what back.


Aint do nothing but hurry up girl. Ain't nowhere me nothing but hurry up. Soft Girl Era. My Soft Girl Era. I Show me how you got You right. It is iconic for You.


Right. Soft Girl Era.


That's Ari Lennox Soft Girl Era. Shout to JD and BMC. Not mad at it. I like Mario Lennox music love art. I cute. I love a voice. Anything she sings of. Alright. Smooth. Alright. Nothing sets the week off for me. Like some brand new art. Sure. Shout to her dear whole team. Shout to Mark playing that little slap what it look like. What it look like. What it look like out there. Huh? Nice out.


We talking about some storm or Tropical. Yeah, A tornado or some shit. Rain, rain, rain like three or four days in a row. Nah nigga we the rain we outside. Fuck they talking about. We the rain ain't no rain. I ain't even talking. You ready though? I'm ready. We know trying to plan like a little West Palm or some, some local but not too local. Just a quick little three day. Nice. Yeah, no I need to call out on a Friday. It's coming. I got it. I gotta call out. Have y'all hold it down on a Friday man? Sure, Sure. What's up? Anybody doing anything interesting this week that I can exploit for entertainment purposes? Hey, hey.


No, no, no, no. God going this week. Goddammit. Sorry bro. Nigga fuck. I'll get you next week. Mel, what about you? How's your week? How's your week looking? Huh? Big Gracie Awards. Oh, big Gracie's. It's looking like I'm gonna be working. Hey. Huh? Make some room on that fucking trophy shelf. All right. That's right. Fuck they talking about. Hey, That's Right. Can't win more awards if you're not working. Mandy ain't win. Mandy ain't win. Shit girl. Hey, hey Queen.


Listen man, keep us in your prayer. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time I bid you a do farewell. Adio, Riva, dci, ota Lata or Walla. Simple, simple head novel. Suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have. Lastly, the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel in the close mind that women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol. You might need it. Hey, In a little bit of TV news, I might be off of that fucking dope thief shit.


Told you that shit is kaka. It is bad. Damn. I haven't even started yet. It is bad shit. I'm not saying It is bad, but it ain't as good. I ain would be. Yeah, I was looking forward to it. Why Lotus Money lost me. Really? It's one episode left. Well I guess I gotta stay for it, but what's incest is injected into the occasion in Yeah, I, you know it should Be on HBO 24 7. Yeah, I just so happened to I'm I'll tell you off. Okay. Yo. Yeah, I can't wait to see the last episode. I'm hooked. I watched the first episode of Mob Land. Cut that right off too. You did? Yeah. I ain't got time for these accents. You watch the doc about the the doc, about the Long Island Killer.


Ooh, I'm watching that right Now. No, I did not. It's pretty good. I'm two thirds, there's only three episodes. I'm too, too deep. Yep. Yo, I am gonna check it out. You, you watch the shit about the Newark strangle. That's How y yo y nigga sell. So ENT dudes. It's crazy because this was a big case. Fairly recent. Fairly recent. It Was, yeah. Yeah. Not the the African guy that arrested. No, no, no, no. He was a white Dude. He's a big white dude. Yeah, But there was a guy that they arrested for, they accused him of killing the lady that was jogging in on Long Island. Oh, that's, that's different. No, these are multiple bodies that have been found like over a decade. Serial killer. Decade ago. Serial. He was a serial killer and They just 11. 11 bodies. Yeah. And they reached, they called him.


Yeah. Jesus got it. I'm with you. It's Fascinating. Where is it at? Long Island, Netflix. Long Recipe Solos, Long Island, Netflix. Oh Shit. Separate Netflix. Shit. Hulu was doing such a great job on the Good American, good American family. Shit. I just went back and started watching the real shit again. I'm gonna go back. I'm gonna start that right. I was about to watch her with my girl. I could not stop laughing at this little girl face. Yo. I couldn't watch it. I'm not gonna lie. We pull up the little screen where it has like the description and all that shit and they're like, I don she a lot From the ex.


She looks a lot worse than the real Gabby did. Oh yeah. She looks a lot worse. I don't know what they was doing. The makeup Niggas is amazing Or not. I'm going to, I Don sw Y'all hold it down out there man. Stay safe, stay dangerous. Head on the swivel at all times. We will be back same time, same place this weekend. Hey, hey. Shout out to all the number ones in the Final Four Man. Round of applause for y'all. That's crazy. Round of applause for y'all. First time. We've had four number ones in a long time. I got Not one Cinderella. I got Duke winning the whole thing.


That's my squad. I'm, I got Duke winning the whole thing. As mad as it's gonna make my dad shout out to the Yankees and their new bats as well. We'll talk about it on Patreon. What a little trick. They got that shit off. What a trick. Go Yankees. We going, y'all hold it down. Joe Biden, you've never heard of Joe Biden.


J-B-P-J-B-P. Why would you be without the JBP.