
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. Listen, we don't judge. That's some lotion in My bag. We do. Yo, yo, yo, yo. We are here. Oh, we live. We live. Oh yeah. You, What's up y'all? What's Happening? What's happening? What's Popping? How y how y'all doing?


We Good? We good. How you feeling? Feeling good. You got special guest in the building? Yeah. Well, I appreciate y'all family. Yeah. I can't even call you friend of the show, nigga. You, you fan dog? What's up my man? I got Ian Dunlap is in the building. Hey, Yo. You know what? Hold up. Oh, Hey already. God. I didn. I ain't no Ian. You, But he just, he got this like fake smooth psa nigga. Like everything. How's it fake nigga yell. Fake nigga. Why's fake? Why's fake? Fake. So here y'all go. Defending niggas that y'all don't know. That was a trap. Look nigga yell. Be aggressive nigga. He ain doing. He do? Yeah. I gotta watch his shit, man. Welcome me Ian. What's up man? Man, I appreciate you. How you feeling? I'm Feeling good man.


Good to see you man. Sweaty As well. I ain't gonna lie. I'm tired of your positivity though. Even towards me. Like you be mad positive. I love you. Hey yo. How you doing man? Yo, nigga. Don't give me no positive words. Inspiration. You Want nigga to be negative. He, I seen That bullshit. You did man. That shit was S go. That's what I, that's what I Get the fuck outta here. He always wanna to inspire. Don't inspire me nigga. You inspire me to go take a fucking, go drink some water yo. Man, you know water is healthy for the body and me. I don't give a fuck about that. You From to Puerto Rico. I, I Don wanna talk about Yes I did. I didn. See, look, I did that for People. Want to talk about nothing that he did. How y'all doing man? How y'all doing? Good. Feeling great man. Joe was not here today. Yes, We are here to hold it down. For Joe. For Joe. How was your week?


Quiet week. Thankfully. Very quiet week. It's good business as usual. What Type of business? I think I'm mad business. I'm a landlord. Ooh. First coming up. So when you be a landlord like passed. They just passed the winter. Oh, you had a good week? It's the winter. It's the winter. So you had to go fix nigga's heats. 'cause you know, shit. Get a little hectic. Yeah, I know. Heat time be different. So yeah, a nigga late on the rent, but like, he was late last, like, he didn't pay last month yet, but he complained about the heat. What you do? Fix the heat. Oh. All. I'm just, I make sure you was, you know, Make sure, make sure that publicly say That heat ain't clean, nigga Heat ain't a leak. Are you fixing the heat yourself or you have workers? Nah, I don't fuck with heat like that. Oh, but so you have somebody, okay, so they have to wait.


I pay somebody for heat. Okay. Other Shit, I'll fix it. But heat and shit like that except small shit I could fix. But the big Shit. Oh yeah, you changed the little knob on the, you got the old heaters. The, the heat, The radiator, the radiator change the knob. All You gotta do is turn it like this. You still got oil boilers in your, in your building nigga. Ha, bitch, I'm great man. Yo, what's wrong with you? Put that, what's that shit they put on, on top of the hvac. Get some H racks for your, for your tennis. Yo. You know what you should do? All your apartments give 'em central air and central heat. Oh okay. Ooh, 80% of 'em Got it already Ish. I ain't, I don't. No problem. We got two landlords here now. I Don want no problems. We got another landlord here, another one and she don't talk about nothing about her.


All your places got Central air, Central heat. I am not on ish's level just yet. I she got Space heat. Plug that shit in the corner. You, she said your heat don't work. I got a couple of snake heaters that I brought from LA That's tough. Come Out. Y'all are fucked up. Y'all. My tenants are happy. Okay, Thank you very much. They are extraordinarily happy. Good. How is it real quick ma'am? Because I, how is it being a landlord though? Is it difficult Dealing with Expensive. Oh It is. Yeah. Is It you or do you have a like management company? Do they know they renting from Melyssa Ford? Yeah, they do.


She's She's fraud. 'cause I, no, but no, because I've gone to meet them Ish. I inherited Ish help her out. No, No, no, no. I'm not saying it's Nomi. Yeah, but you not Melyssa Ford nigga. I can't help her then I don't know what to do. Finish. Trust me, trust me when I say it's okay, like it's not like I got a bunch of niggas in my building. It's not Oh That was the white side jumped. Oh my God. That was fucked up Discriminatory. It's not what I mean. It is not what I mean. That was the Jessica side. We can't, we gotta, You guys know what I Meant. Yo Be careful. You're talking about you have some So they, they are hard workers and they pay on time and they don't give you any trouble. What I meant is it's not like I've got fans in my building.


Oh no I Don So you consider your fans niggas, oh my God. I just want you to clean it up. Just clean it up real quick. You know what I meant? Okay. You know what I meant. But They don't give you any trouble though. I have, I have families. Got it. I have families, You and everything. Niggas don't make families now. Oh my god. Niggas is broken homes. No, It means that these people do not give a shit Who I am. You take Section eight? Not in my building right now. Okay. But I'm not against that at all. Of course you not, you get to the bag girl. Yeah, I'm not against that at All. You not the, you're not the latch, the latchkey kid anymore. Yo bro. You got money like let that shit go. You.


It is Act I It is. Let it go. You don't need section eight. What is what She don't need Section eight. You think Mel you can handle it 'cause you from where we from she will catch a heart attack. Stop saying that Yo Mel will sit in front of her steps and cry. That is, That is discriminatory. That is true. It is. You Are discriminating. I am. Yes I am. You are. Mel is not, Mel will not be able to handle Section eight niggas. Yeah. Niggas will walk all, all the male nigga Yo have to have some niggas show up. That's Yeah. Niggas will walk right past through. Even if it's not blacks. I mean let's say white people, niggas, hey shut the fuck I'm carrying and get out my steps. At that point I would probably hire a management company. Manage. There we go. Yes. There You go. Just because it would take a little bit more than I would probably be able to give.


Got it. Just with all my other endeavors. How would you handle it? What section? Eight. You Love it. I've had section eight 10. You could eat off their floor and they trouble free. Mm. So I don't, the people being on section eight don't mean that they're a lower class citizen. True. That's true. Asshole. All right. So now how Would you handle, how would you handle the asshole eight person? I'm that he talking about? Talking about, I've had tenants that talking, I've had Tenants that are not section eight. That's assholes. How do you handle the assholes? Ish. That's what you wanna know. Oh. When a nigga telling you fuck outta here, they don't do that to me. Or because you It's covid. I ain't gotta pay the rent. Fuck You threaten. 'cause you threaten them. Right. They don't do it because you threaten them. You and, and Corey and your other three friends come to the stairs like the mob. Yeah. Fucks wrong with y'all nigga.


I don't do none of that. Yes I do agree with Ish. Left the court handle All that shit. I do agree with you Ish. Not everybody on section eight. It is. You know. Of course not. I do agree with that. I'm talking about, I'm trying to gimme some section eight. I'm talking about the niggas that leave that's leaving the Bronx that found a plug, a Melyssa Ford plug and using section eight to get her building. I'm not the plug some of the niggas. It's all right. Ike. I don't want no smoke. All right. Shout out To all the section eight people out there in the For sure. Shout out to y'all. We And if you and if you have a plug. Yeah. I love y'all. Fuck if you have food stamps too. I'm buying them Fact. But for the, for the half. Yeah. Not the bullshit. Y'all doing That? Not on the dollar. Yeah. Yeah. What's The bullshit? They been 65 on a dollar since I was a kid.


50 cents on a dollar. Nigga you Had different things. They 60. Oh wait, wait. You trying to say niggas, niggas that get food stamps are fiends. The ones that Sell, we got the Ones that sell them. Don't fall into this. The ones that sell 'em are not fiends nigga. That's True. You Got it. Nigga. Motherfucker nigga. How hard we really motherfucker is this bitch. You know what I'm saying? Fuck nigga shit man. Fucker ass kid gone nigga. Fuck me out the club nigga. That don't mean nothing nigga. Fuck this nigga up my nigga. Shit. Lemme show this motherfucker how hard This shit really is.


Nigga. This shit outside. I Don chop to your melon. The is oozing outta your ce nigga now you now. Little bit scared nigga.


They called me, come back to the streets and said it was necessary. Suck niggas out. Very scary. They mother, Hold on, hold on, hold on. Listen, listen, listen. I don't, I don't think y'all understand what's going on. Here We are. Here It is the bin. By by by six five. Whatever the fuck you wanna call however many is Here we here nigga. We are here. We are here to turn up. We are here to represent for you. Nigga. Shout the Parks on the board. I just wanna say nigga facts, turn the volume all the way. The fuck. Look at me. Turn your volume all the way the fuck up right now. Flip something in the crib. I know it's cold. And you may catch pneumonia but roll your windows down. Yeah, sun Open.


Put The heat on. Put the fucking sunroof open. Nigga look out the window. Point to the driving next to you and put your motherfucking middle fingers up. 'cause we don't give a fuck. Put a Sister nigga on this plate. Kick your and thems at it ain't Got it. Pound liquor sipping coming straight from the motherfucker under cover. He dropped a beat to make it bounce like rubber.


Sean told Make it mug. Don. Don. Don't damn. Don, Don. Damn. Don, don. Damn. Don, don, don, don, don, Don.


Ooh. Tough. You know, like Shit I never heard man. Do you Want me, how you gonna call me like you said you would. Is this really your real phone number? Oh, new money. Hey on that s that bitch nigga. He tight. No, just leg some Ds on that bitch.


Just a leg. Throw some Ds on that, on that, on that, on that, on that on. Good shit Man. Parks the boy. You should sell some headphones Or something. Maybe one of these days. This shit was calling you Rich boy ain when this came out, ain't it? I ain't had no deeds to throw open. You talking about it. Those other des and possible episode is


welcome To 7 82 with the Joe Button podcast, powered by, presented by, brought to you by PrizePicks. Whoa, whoa. Game is all huge. Whoa. What's that? Business as usual. Shout facts. Shout all shit facts. Shout to the commercial. Okay, let it go. Okay. You sure? Yeah, I'm sure. Yes. Shout to prospects. Shout to Prospects. Shout to prospects. Gang. Gang. Thank You for keeping lights on. Yep. National commercial.


Look at all these coons. Scan gas. Say your soul. Say ass gas. Maybe not soul. Yeah, okay. Just a as. Okay. Oh, as little. It is a cheat. Just a cheat. Damn. Welcome, welcome, Welcome. We are here. We are Happy to be here. We are Happy to be we all of you. You Seem surprised that I know any of those songs. I I am. That Was her era. She might have been in some of these videos. Facts. No, that's be, that's past my era. It is doing music videos. But I was outside Outside though for Sure. No, I was working at serious. So like yeah, I was like, I didn know What you did at Serious Seriously Serious Radio.


Sirius Xm. I said, damn, you fell down. Bad girl. Serious. You get money and shit. The one in Brooklyn. The big shit. Sirius xm. Okay. Yeah. I used to, I used to be like a radio personality on Channel 50. Hot Jams didn. Didn't know that. I Never knew that. Who was your co-host? It was me by myself. Oh Shit. Yeah, Actually, wait, wait, Wait, wait. What time slot though? Did you DJ too? Two to 3:00 AM No, two to 3:00 AM No, it was during the day. What day? Like every day. What? The time? Slot. Slot. It is very important. The time slot. I think it was like one to four or some shit like that. Oh, Okay. Okay. Melyssa Ford. My bad.


I thought you was like 3:00 AM three four. No. Hello. This is Melyssa Ford on 59 Jams. Bringing you the sexy heat. The sexy heat. She turned the, you know how they turned the volume up? Okay. Right now we have fucking little John in the east side. Boys. That's hilarious. Reading the paper. But did you enjoy some D's on that bitch? Yeah. Did you, did you enjoy doing that? Yeah, it was cool. I I, that was actually where I met Angela Yee. So that was like 2007. Nice. So we've been friends ever since then. Shout out, shout to you. And that was, I met a whole bunch of people. I I, yeah. Like everybody worked up there. DJ Envy worked up there. Cyfe sounds worked up there. And it being serious.


Everybody used to come for interviews. Nice. Like, so when they would go on one show, they would probably do 20 shows. Hang. Yeah. They'd hang out and just go from studio to studio to studio. And so I ended up interviewing like a lot of really dope people. Like there is the, the fishbowl in Sirius. It's like the studio that has all glass around it. It, and you can see it from the upper level. So people come and watch really big performances or interviews. And I interviewed Mary j Blige in the fishbowl one time and like all the serious execs and everybody, it was, shout out to Mary. It was a good experience. I was there for about two years. Then you got fired? No, I, I moved to LA Oh. Ah. Yeah. Shout out to you Melyssa Ford.


Thank you. You know, I mean you have, you surprised us every day. You need a book every day that you surprise us. You need a book mail. You should write a book. You should really write it. I'm not even joking time. If Superhead got a book, you show to get a book, nigga stop. I would read Melyssa Ford's book. Thank you. That's What I, I mean like without This shit, you can do the audio, audio. The fucking crazy audio version. Yeah. Yeah. I you not Ready to, I would definitely Narrat get to do the audio version. Melyssa Ford would do it herself. I would do the audio version myself. We know, we know, we know. We had a little tidbit of like I did a little something like that earlier this week. I invited y'all. But it's okay that you guys didn't come to wait. What'd Do? Wait, wait. I didn get invite. I didn get it. I checked My phone right here. I put it in the group chat.


Which one? No, We don't read the group chat. I Thought yes you do. Yes y'all do. You didn't make it the clearest. We were all in the group chat last night determining that Joseph was not gonna be here today. So No, No. Okay. We don't read the group chat when you put things in there. Okay, well that sucks. I'm playing, I'm playing, I'm playing. Wait, hold on. What, what, what did she do last night? I don't wanna, because I'm not in that group chat. I removed myself from all type of group chats. So curse explain. So y'all knew since last night Joe wasn't gonna be here? Yes. Okay. That's why Aren't you in the group chat? I don't know. 'cause I'm just, I'm gonna get that. He disrupted your rebel. I'm a rebel. I feel like you should be in the group chat. Mel. Mel and I'm not in the group chat. You have a green bubble? Green bubble? Yeah. You invited?


Yeah. We don't fuck you. Us. Where you fuck It all up? I was at Ludlow house the other day and shit. What the fuck is that? Like, come on. You saying names? I don't know. What's That? Sorry. Ludlow house is like part of the Soho House conglomerate. Oh, okay. Yeah, that's So, and it's on the lower East side. And is it The lower, is it the lower tier of Soho albums? No, it's definitely not entry Level. Lower tier of soho. There's, yeah. Oh, here. Okay, go ahead. It's all premium. All look. Go ahead. Go ahead nigga. Well we defended them like it. Yeah. Green Lantern and motherfucking What's the nigga Cyborg? Like the entrance is so nondescript that you would walk by it. It's so secret. Entrance tape. Wow. For real. It's fly. It's really, Really fly. So what, what did you do There? So they have an event every single month called the Art of Storytelling where they invite somebody to, I don't see this in the group chat at all.


I, I wasn't gonna say nothing. My new thing Is just to let Mel lie. Oh, okay. Lolita. I didn. I'm gonna find it. It's there. This Chat. Oh Shit. That was the other group chat. The other Group. Yeah. Check The dm. Ah, okay. Alright. Definitely don't check that by the way. So story time. You just reading the stories to a bunch of adults? No. Hello y'all. I'm Melyssa Ford. Welcome nigga. It is only there to One Fish, two Fish Niggas is only there because you look good. I Don Fuck that story. Niggas would not be in Soho house, nigga. Yeah, we'd be outside. No Soho Houses fly. There's A lot of people go.


I've Been there. Soho House, Ludlow House. Dumbo House. Dumbo House. All Fly. It is fly. It's like a secret society, right? Nah, You gotta pay it. Mostly Membership. It Is a membership only. I don't wanna say club, But Yeah. Social club. It is social. Social. It is a social spot. Social. So what'd you read? Well, no I didn't read. It was the art of storytelling. So I was being interviewed. Ah, in front of a, oh, that fire room full of people. Oh Shit. Oh, Look, See, see look. Lines get that's Ball to Bust You Bus Good. You like that shit. Yo, yo, what's up? What's You? Right. What? That's, I'm being, see that's a problem with y'all. I'm not being, I'm just saying He's gonna put them right there.


Okay. Yeah. What I'm Saying. Whoa. Yep. Okay. 30 piece. I saw it all. Yeah. Okay. There you go. Anyways, it was good. It was fun. I, I swore that I invited all of you, but you know, next time. Okay, Next, Next Time It is. We'll be there next time. Next time. Yes, It is good for the book launch. Yes, for the book Launch. Launch where I will read chapters. Okay. Okay, ma'am. Hold. How was your week, my brother? Good week man. Happy to be here. I love y'all. Appreciate y'all. But yeah, it's been a good, You don't have to wait. Stop. Stop and explain your week nigga. Stop giving compliments. How was your week? Don't compliment us. Okay. We know. You happy? We happy you're here. Holy. How was your Week? I'm gonna cry you.


We just talked last night and you gonna play crazy. I am Because you too. Cool. It is just me. Good week though. Been doing interviews, doing my runarounds. How many million you made this week? Stop. That's hate. That's eight. We got 'em. Just say You made a million or two. This week is eight. That's hate too. Had to be a million or two. What if you made 10? I could. You Right. Partner. You're kidnapped. I said how many you made is what? I said not a one. Don't Make too many. They often niggas that's up here. That's Uhoh. I see. Yeah, We'll see that. But we will get into that in a little bit. Man Parks. You were good. I'm Chilling. Yeah. Yeah. Busy week. You know regular shit. Studio. Studio. Studio. That's it. Working on Jay New shit. I'm not but if Hold Parks T real quick.


I know, I know that. You know, there's important news Out there. We outside this weekend. Tonight. Yes. No, no, No Sir. Yes. I'm not outside, but, but before we get to the important news, how far does popular privilege go? Far? Far. How very far. Far. And what's popular? Privilege. Sort of like pretty privilege. Is that what you're That's exactly what It is. Similar. It's, It's, it's so now we mixing pretty with popular. I Mean there's, you be popular. I have popular privilege but I ain't get You seem pretty. Exactly. I don't get the same shit niggas that still leave me outside the fucking door, nigga. I think you're pretty flip Popular Privilege can go other way as though, Huh? I've, I've been the, the recipient of some or the beneficiary of some popular, popular privilege.


Excuse me. Yeah. Really took me. Yeah. I was telling the, the guys earlier, shit when I got my, my, my new spot that I live in, I ain't put no application or nothing. As soon as he found out he was like, oh wait, this is your show. Oh yeah. And you can, you Got it. Same thing with me. When I got the CRI shit. Really? And I Didn't even, The crazy shit was, I didn't even, I don't, I never leave with the show. I Didn't have to show no bank Statement, nothing. I ain't show up Because my shit was, I thought I had to make up some shit. I can't. I made up some shit. I was ready. Yeah. I had my shit. Yeah, I had my shit ready. I had to make up some bank statements and shit. I'm like, yo, you don't need, I was kind of tight. You don, you don't need, he was like, wait. He said, what do you do?


I said, I'm in broadcasting. I always say that 'cause the people don't understand what podcast It is. Yeah. And he's like, okay, where can I find your show? And I said, well you know, I, I listed everywhere the show was at and he sent me a screenshot back. I was like, is this it? I never said the name or nothing. I didn't even, I was like, yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, you Got it Days. Love. Cool. Good looking. Fucking good looking dog. Do you have popular privilege? Privilege? You've been popular your whole life ain't it? Tell like When you go to w. Green Eyes paid for a coffee. He got a unlimited credit at Wawa. Big Facts face card. We do. I mean for free coffee. Yeah, but not for nothing else. So you don't so you haven't paid them in mad long?


Should I hit 'em with Little Batman? Mad Long, big Batman for sure. They know who you are. They know the show you want. Nah, they Just, they see me all the time. Home Depot. I don't get shit for free. We didn't say free. We said you get to Skip the line. We just saying You never got into anywhere free because you, you The spot we go to, you park on the sidewalk next to the door Like you hove Atlanta and BestFest like you was Hove. You know what I mean? Yeah. This got crazy. I'm dog. I'm just saying you be on. No, I didn't. I said popular privilege. I said yeah. Like everybody knows who popular Privilege is been around forever. Forever. What, what you park in though, When you cut the line at the club? That's Popular privilege. That's a fact. When you walk around security, that's popular privilege, all of that.


And that was, that was niggas bad right there. They don't pat you down. That's popular privilege. That's facts. Back when they were charging niggas for the hats and you ain't had to worry about none of that popular privilege. Yeah, man. When did you realize you had pretty popular privilege? Man, she got This shit. Old piece. I have to know because when I was at the cleaners and No, because male shit may be maybe a different level that we can't fathom. That's true. Oh Shit. May be like I walked in the airport and I, I ended up on a private jet. Like, you know what I'm saying? Male stories is lit. Real life. Like she's just cool. Niggas fuck with Melyssa Ford. I took a private jet to motherfuck 10 buck two and I just chill. Like what's, what's her, you know, give us some pretty privilege or popular privilege that you experienced.


She's so engulfed in it that she don't even Know. P I'm just really trying to find a diplomatic way of saying that we don't, and I don't, I gotta no shade, no ego, no nothing. It's just like, I couldn't tell you What life is without it. Yo laughing ugly bitches. Hey you ugly, you bitches. They be hating on my show. Hot and balls and laughing them bitches. Look, look, look, you bitches Don got pretty privilege, right? They gotta wait in the back of the line, nigga. They they gotta send there text on their phone or you coming outside? Oh yeah, You yo, I'm outside. Right. Just Embarrassing son. Yo. Oh, I had happened to before. That's still popular privilege. What? Send what to text somebody? Yeah. No, you supposed to text before you, you In the front.


I'm not disagreeing, but what I'm saying is that's still popular privilege. You could text a nigga and the line is down to motherfucking 33rd street and they just come out and be like, yo, him or him. Come on. That's popular Privilege bitch. How long does it take? Yeah, depend On how waiting, how popular you are. They may take long. A nigga may just come out to go find some bitches and see you by mistake. Oh. Oh, you text me? No when nigga stupid. That's I'm, nah, nah, you Got it. I had that shit happen on the flip side where yo Yeah, we got you straight. You pull up. Now you sitting there looking stupid and you can't reach the nigga inside. Oh, that's the worst. Yeah, that's the worst. Like your dog. I'm at the door. Yeah, nothing. All right. You know what I'm go home. S that that's go ahead home. No, boy, no.


Where do y'all wanna go? Let's start with shit. The antithesis of popular privilege. That shit didn't work out so good for homeboy. Yeah. God rest his soul. Now, now how, how are we approaching this topic real quick? Because there's two ways. Flippage. It's the Flippage way. Flip. Flip, which I find to be very Nintendo. 64 Ish. Golden Ish Golden. What's that shit called? The Golden gun though? That that was metal gear. Solid metal Gear. Solid Filter agent. We can do it the mature way. Ian Dunlap way. No, let's do it your way. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Well Let's let Mel let us know what happened for you. Thank you. There we go. Okay. Right. All right. So the CEO of UnitedHealthcare, his name is Brian Thompson was gunned down in, in Manhattan on, was it Tuesday?


Tuesday, Wednesday, whichever Week In broad daylight in the middle of the street. So I believe it was like at the Hilton. And for people who don't know New York or whatever, it's Midtown. Midtown. It's 53rd and sixth Avenue. You couldn't be any more ground zero than I Don know. Like ground zero. Yeah. It wasn't necessarily broad daylight, but it was outside. It was outside. It was Like, it was a, It Was early in the morning. 6:00 AM It was dark out. 6 45. Yeah, it was dark out. I couldn't tell from like the video. It was dark out. But the crazy thing is that I saw the full video. Me too. I did too. Yeah. I don't usually like to watch that shit. But yeah, that shit was going around. It was unavoidable. You Don't watch that Shit. I don't watch people get killed on camera. No, that's not my bag. Did you See the side? Okay, hold on.


Let me put back on my newscaster voice and then I'll flip the fuck out. Okay, so Brian Thompson, it says CEO Brian Thompson Killer may have left New York on the day of the shooting. I mean like duh. And why wasn't his face covered all the way and they got video of him like smiling. He was flirting. He was trying to get some ass after the, the D got an adrenaline rush now. Yeah, that might have. Okay. Well at this point he remains at large the killer of Brian Thompson, which is the CEO of United Healthcare. It is more than that though. Like we watched that video. My man had a silencer on it. That nigga had a silencer on his gun. He didn't approach dude, he shot him from a distance. Yeah. And Then walked up on him. He walked, then he walked, He he shot Him and then walked up closer then shot him closer.


Yeah. Yeah. It was a hit. It was A hit. It was definitely a hit. Yeah. That was a professional job. Got I ran, I had a bike, a bicycle Staged off the block. Yep. I rode the bike to Central Park and I lost niggas in Central Park where I'm sure there were no cameras at nigga. That's a professional hit. Absolutely. And he, let's start by saying rest, peace To the gentleman In, rest in peace. Yeah. That's more than he is been getting on Twitter. Yeah, no Doubt. Media. No doubt. I'm sure he'll get some more here, but let's start with some, Okay, so what do we think the reason It's above our pay grade? Yeah. Okay. So we gonna leave that part along. I don't wanna put the tenfold hat on. What Do You think it, why do you think that he was targeted? They said that he was supposed to testify or did he testify?


There's been a lot of funky shit happening happening with United Healthcare and like just healthcare and insurance companies recently. But they are like just recently Anthem Blue Cross. Yes. Put out some kind of statement that they were going to, they weren't gonna pay for the anesthesia for full. Yeah. It was a limit on The Yeah, for the anesthesia, for the full length of surgeries and people. That's insane. And They walked back. That's insane. They walked that shit back First. First saw your shit ran out, Tell up you got an hour, your dog nigga just be waking up middle of some heart surgery. Yeah, we'll give you some, we'll give you a shot of whiskey or something Like, yo no, that's, Yeah. So I don't necessarily know if that was like a professional hit that just could have been somebody who no had like law enforcement background or military background.


Yes, that's what that could be. He was out there by himself on investor day. No one else was around him. Wife wasn't there. No colleagues. Clean getaway. He Had that shit on too. I saw people posting to me with his, Oh Shit was he had that shit on. He had that shit on. Like what? Like Bulletproof vesting? No, no, you expensive. Master designer shit. Yeah. Designer, designer, designer, backpack designer, everything like, Oh, I didn't see all that. Plus Blending right there in that area. Yeah, that's a fact. You get what I'm saying? That's a fact, right. In Midtown Manhattan, you wanna have that Shit on jump. I'm gonna jump on the city bike and haul ass up to Central Park, my nigga, nigga. And this is a downside of AI too. There's a lot of benefits, but when you turn down 90% of people who have claims, That was the thing they showed UnitedHealthcare had the highest denial rate rate of all the insurance companies.


So I don't know if there's a connection there, but This seems like a professional job that's beyond someone that's just mad about getting denied. I agree. And so supposedly they, they, they supposed to testify, they found something with the bullet that had some inscriptions on it. Yeah. Denied. I Don know how true That is. I don't know. You know what I mean? If That is just Wonton Soup, throw off cock sources, but oh, Let's find it. Well, what I'm reading is police have collected video of about the, you know, of the suspect all over the city, including subway cabs in a McDonald's in each place. He paid cash and he made sure to keep his mask on, which indicates that detectives to detectives that he knew he was coming to New York to commit the murder.


They were also able to find surveillance, a surveillance image of the suspect without his face mask on because he was flirting with a woman who checked him into a hostile Charles West Side. Always a woman. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He kind of looks like Jake Gyllenhal here and Not to cast any aspersions. I know. It's the rumor going around that he's light-skinned. He's not, don't, don't put that on a white Black No, he no, he doesn't look light-skinned Hair. No, but earlier today they were Saying no, they, that was their report initially. They said he was light, Light skinned. So on the bullet on the case, and it says deny defend de deposes What? Deny defend deposes. He wrote That on the bullets. It was on the bullets. Yes. Holy on, on the Casings. Do we believe that? No. I don't know if I Believe that. Come on.


I Don't. Why not? Now to tie, you Tried to write on a bullet before You're trying to tie it to United Healthcare denial and insurance as opposed to The other? No, They say that written on the shell casings words were the words denied, defend and depose according to police Sources. Cool. So what that, what did He write? I'm reading this on a BBC news. What that does that don't mean It's not it's not cock sources. No, no. What it does is deflect from The real reason. Yeah. They're give, they're giving a reason why this happened. Ooh, There's more. And What would be the, oh Wait, there's more. Tell us the words on the bullets echo the title of the 2010 book delay def deny Defend. Why Insurance companies don't Pay claims And what you can do about it.


Police are aware of the similarity and are investigating whether one possible motive is anger at the insurance industry. Duh. Like What? They just try to throw niggas off. Yes, exactly. Yes. That's exactly what It is. And nigga did something to the wrong people. They gonna steer people to go this way. Yeah. They sent do a message quite a few times and he didn't listen, But they was saying that he was involved in some inside insider trading I read and stuff like that. And I don't, I don't listen. This is for a Publicly traded sheet. Yeah. Above our pay grade. This is all above our, above our pay grade. Trust me, I and I wanna live. Yeah, me too. I'm Chilling. No punishing. They're Not gonna kill us. They're not worried about us. He might have said the same shit. Yo, I'm sell, He ain't gonna kill me. But he was the CEO nigga.


They, they had to offer him, but no rest in peace. But what I'm saying is that they're not after us. We can say whatever we want up here. When When's the last time a publicly traded CEO got killed in broad daylight? I can't think of in bro. I remember the, what was the dude that got in the, he got stabbed in, in the bay somewhere or something like that A couple years ago. I forgot what the company was, but Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You got, was that healthcare or was that Tech Acor score? I think it was a tech thing. Yeah. Yeah, it was tech. It was like a scorned lover is what they said. Potentially Rest in peace. Rest in peace, you know, condolences to the family. It said All the other healthcare companies are taking down all their photos and information about the CEOs. Or you could actually cash half, right?


Yeah, That's What I, you know, the fucked up shit is that people were posting pictures of the CEOs of other health insurance companies. Oh yeah. It's too late. That information's bad. Yeah, It Is. Sorry. They were Posted it like, yo, just in case you wanna know what this person looked like here. They did not. They Helped me too. Yo, I saw people saying, and just in case if you got some free time, here's my baby father. Shit. Like I saw kind of shit. Niggas is, niggas gonna nigga it up wild. I mean, we can't really talk about what I wanna say, but Can we, What? Is there anybody that you, No. No? Okay. Is there anybody that you, you'd put a hit on? Hell no. No, no.


M four? No. Melyssa Not at all. Melyssa. All right, fine. Would you, oh, would you, you Were gonna ask the question Neighbors. Oh Shit. First You can't put a hit out on them. I wouldn't, I would do it myself. Yo Melyssa Melyssa, stop. They might put A Hit out on you. Okay. Look, just in case anything ever happens to them, it wasn't me. Okay? Yeah. Oh Shit. They still stomping by You? Yes they are. They're making me crazy. I don't think that You would be the slickest getaway person. I Don Here's get me interrogation rule. She's running while she's running. She'll slip all in the hallway On the floor. She gonna get away. She gonna forget her line. Fuck up. That's, that's where it's gonna come back. Forget As much as much murder that kill shit as I watch. I will be a terrible fucking murder suspect.


I would be the worst at trying to commit something. You going tell I would, I would just be like, I'm sorry I, the jig is up. I I did it. I did it. Please have mercy on me. And then when they say 30 years, I'd be like, all right, well, you know, let, let me Nigga is not saying no ice Develop. It was ISIS plan. Yeah. Let me develop a useful trade. Yes Ma'am. You know, while I'm in there. Nah, we, speaking of that, did y'all hear thug's lawyer says he wished they didn't take the plea? No, because ya Gotti, the one who took it all the way through trial was found not guilty on all charges. So now you walk right out the door. I I thought that at first too.


But If I was thug I would be like, I just want This shit to be fucking Over. That's what It is. It's a risk that you can't really play. Exactly. You playing Russian roulette, my nigga like, they open the door and say, yo, you got time served. Which means you don't have to stay in that bitch another day. Right. But you gotta do probation or you're looking at life. It's not worth the risk. You know, if you not risk. Even when he took the plea, the lawyer was saying he was confident we would win this. Yeah, I'm, I'm extremely con don't take the plea. Guess what the lawyer does though, is we lose, well hold on, hold on. Oh, oh, you go home. You go home. He goes home. You go home. For sure. And at the same time, the amount of time I think we get this ya Gotti resolution because thug took the police.


That's true. So now there's no telling that the case would wrap up this fast if thug does not decide because that was the head. This is who he wanted. That's true. And if he pled out and you know, alright. Y'all ain't have enough information to time in, man. Yeah man. How the fuck y'all gonna tie me in A a a lot of times probation is made for you to fuck up. Of Course. 15 years, years, You, you have, you have to be disciplined in order to complete probation. And you know, I was on probation before, you know? And how Long? Five years. Damn. And I almost fucked up was up a lot. I almost fucked up a lot of time. But the last week of my probation, I didn't want to give a piss test 'cause I don't smoke or drink and I'm just like, nah, I'm not paying.


I don't want to. And I was causing hell in there crazy. And my mom was like, what the hell is wrong with You? Yeah. I don't understand you dog. I know but Especially if you know you didn't douch shit, You're a week away from the end and you know you don't smoke, smoke or drink so it's gonna come back clean. But you're just starting shit. You just being Rebellious for no reason. Just because you don't like being told to do Well. Well It is on brand. It's number one. Number two, I'm talking about your life on brand. It's on brand. Lemme ask you a question. Your Life number. Some people go the extra mile to piss you off. Let ask you a question real fast. And you have to be disciplined. Had you failed at the probation, how much time were you looking at? Five years. You say he was on five year probation? Yeah, I was looking at when You fail you do five years.


No, no, no, no, no, no. I was looking at, because That's like if thug fails, he don't do 15 years. I was looking like three and a half, 20 something years. Oh yeah, they, they made that step that that's what he go 20 years. Three and a half. Okay. Yeah. Three and a half. Yeah. Okay. It was a gun charge. So three. Okay. Three and five. Yeah, three and a half. But at the same time It is that when I was on probation, it's just difficult. It's just they have you wait all day. Like It is not made to be, they be disrespectful them nigga disrespectful. Yeah. You know what I mean? I mean the one in Queens was good, right. Like the lady was good. She understood. And you know she one of those people that I know you were young man I don't want to keep you here. I don't wanna do that to you. So just come check in every couple of months. Yeah. But they used to, when I gotta to Brooklyn, They was pee testing me and then after a while I'm like dog, I don't smoke bro.


And you've always come back clean like I don't smoke. Like I don't smoke. So you doing this for nothing. Right. After a while that nigga just be like, yo, you got money. Alright, bye. Go pad the window. Bye. You have to pay every time you went to probation. No. If you don't have no money here they start threatening you. Like, yo, I'm telling you, you be like, all right, I got Something next. It is nasty son. The probation system is fucked up. Yeah. They don't care about probation System. But at the same time, it's like with thug I agree with It is you can't take a chance form life because you can't take a chance. It is like Russian roulette, You know what I mean? What if he blew trial? What if they were intentionally trying to railroad him? And you gotta think about this, the state kind of looked stupid in that thug trial. Extremely Tried them for two years, came up empty.


We going kind of, we like, I think they still have a vendetta against him. Absolutely. Like Bob, him I be walk I the fuck around and move of Arkansas somewhere. Be minding my business. But you can't risk not ever seeing your children again. You can't risk ever seeing your family members again because your lawyer thinks that You'all got a great chance. All the Lawyers Think no, but again, that's a great point that their job, but the lawyer might have been correct. It is just a, a risk worth risk that you can't necessarily take when they open the door for You right then and there. And like his reasoning, which completely made sense to me. He's like, yo, this has been going on two years. If I decide to reject this and we still play this out, this trial could go on for another year. True. I can't be away from my p lawyer don't know where my, he's already lawyer, don't know where my money is.


All of that shit. That's true. And, and, and Thug has already taken losses like personal losses with Yeah. Family and shit like that while locked up. Yeah. So it's like dog, I'm away from my kids, I'm away from this. I'm, yo let's just get This shit over with. True. I agree. So I Do understand. So tell, I mean, you know what, what It is though is that, and it sounds crazy what I'm mother say, but sometimes it's necessary to sit down for a little bit. Sometimes sitting down can save your life. Clear your Head. Yeah. Yeah. Your could save your life sometimes It is. It is. It is. It is. Yo sometimes it's necessary to sit down like, like it said, you clear your head. You, you see sometimes pressure allows you to open your mind and realize the shit that you've been doing. Pressure meaning that somebody telling you what to do.


Pressure. Meaning that you gotta wake up and go to sleep at a certain, a certain time. Yeah. A You know what I mean? It it, it humbles you. Yeah. Your arr. What those, those, those white boys up there don't respect those guys up there. Like, like fucking, we talking about Ramad and all them other niggas up there, them strong ones. They not, they don't give a fuck who you are Bro. My man, they Will choke the shit outta you. Fuck you up, spray you with water, all type of shit. They're not playing with you. It's a south jersey prison that everybody in. They mother come back talking shit about. They said the white boys be flipping they lip down. They got K, K, k, K tattooed in they lip. Like they don't give a fuck about what your street reputation is. We'll murder you in here nigga. Nigga hard er nigga. We'll murder you in this bitch. Alright. Alright.


I'm saying they don't Give a wait, wait. That came out too clear. When you, when you, He meant you in a position about you, you on your block, you the man and shit like that. These niggas will send your ass to the woods where life is different. That don't matter. That shit don't matter what your reputation was on your, on your block. So a lot of times your arrogance and your bravado, your bravado, your your your gung ho attitude. That shit changes when you go sit down for a minute and you realize, yo, I was moving a little reckless. I was taking shit to for granted. Why do you think thug ain't put out a record yet? Since he been out? I mean he didn't, he just got out, I Don't know, been like A month. I think he, he been, I mean I feel like he's just kind of like getting recalibrated to life, life back on the outside and family and you know, and enjoying his woman who stuck by his side, his kids.


I, I think that two years inside really would like we've been saying to really re rep reprioritize. Hmm. For sure I gonna, Yeah. Do you think he can afford it though? A thousand percent ab Yeah a thousand percent. Forget about what's in his own bank account. Just the fact that, you know, he's just like, he's Atlanta's son. Everybody's probably going outta their way to support him in every way, shape and form. You know? And we know his girl is happy man. Tell me what you think. I don't know about that. They was on trial for two years. Dog. You looking at a Rico, they was trying to give you life. Them attorney fees add up my nigga. What You think it was? Seven. And I, I don't know this to be true. I don't know these jokers business but he might have been paying for a lot of his team's attorney fees.


It's possible. Yeah. Plus you don't think Niggas gave him, niggas gave him bread. Niggas came. I Know Drake, I know Drake came and gave him a million dollars idea. T but not but not just that. You don't think on the music side, the motherfuckers that just people would be looking to make music with him would cover that. Like I don't think it's gonna cost thug no money to get get in the studio right now. No, nobody said that. He's saying could he afford not to go. Oh I thought you said can he afford Okay. I like yo dog. No he can get a free studio. That's why I'm like anywhere in the world. I'm talking about him not putting product on. I think, I think he been in the studio. I think he probably been active. He you looking for the right shit to drop. You really gotta get back in shape to record. That's a good point. You sat for a minute, you, you put out some shit.


You gotta get back and You can't just come in and drop. You gotta go home. Fuck all day. You have to get Inspired. Get inspired. Fuck that shit lasts a week and be clear. Wait, hold up. Fucking nigga after doing two, two years week, no drugs nigga he giving her that that that horse shit. He giving her the horse nigga hurry. He give her the Jockey. She's like oh my god. You start saying shit we Ain't seen shorty since he came home. Where have you been? Oh that's true. Not on social media. Nothing. Bitch you know that shit. You freak. You know that shit. This nigga is so stupid. When you got your laser shit together nigga you came back a new man nigga you at Rik.


It went nuts nigga. Yes. You know that two Years I didn't do a weekend at Rikers Life but it's all right. When you came back from getting your shit laser, you was a new man because you gimme that type of vibe. Like nigga looking, hey yo, walking my Vibe in your mental roll. I'm saying you walk around fuck is wrong with you. You, you was checking, you was checking yourself out in the mirror. You know what I'm gimme that type you picture of him Checking himself out in the mirror Like that. See that's Yo you whiling though. What I'm saying is that we know the type of person he is. S that It is try to be humble up here but no nigga when he get to the crib, nigga he, that nigga he play, he playing 50 cent. I'm the man walking around houses. But yeah just butt ass nigga.


The other thing about Thug though not dropping music, remember he has to, his content kind of gotta change a little bit. That's true. What he can and can't talk about. True. So that right there could take some time and Get adjusted. Yeah. I'm not used to rapping this way. It is certain shit. I'm used to saying that I can't say no more. Well it might take him a minute you think? Yeah nigga. Hell yeah. If I've been doing it this way my entire career. Only thing you can't talk about is gangs. That's a lot. I can still bust a nigga head, drive my records, shoot them up, do all that what I want, what I want talk about gang act. But do I want to talk about any type of bat if I'm on a 15 year probation anyway, any type of shit do I Don even wanna play with them people?


You don't have no cap. Yo bro. Yeah, I'm just asking you a question. Back to risk versus reward is, I'm not disagreeing but I'm gonna go get some clarity. Listen your Honor, this is what we make money off of this type of music. I can't go make music about Rainbows now. And you going to the same state that's already mad as shit at that You even at are free for embarrassing them. But That same judge was cool as shit. Was She ain a different judge? Definitely Judge. Like yo dog. So I can't talk about butterflies and rainbows. Y my my my find something to talk about my nigga talk that tough talk that shit to me. Shout Out. Shout, shout out. Shout out to Thug. Shout Man. For sure. Shout to Thug. Shout out to everybody involved me. It was a long trial. I I I was wondering how long would it have went?


I don't know any other trials that were that long. You know, maybe you guys know 'cause you older than me, but it was extremely long and I'm happy that he's home. I'm happy that he figured it out and it's just humbling experience, man. Like him staying off the internet, him Chilling and showing that he's learning and understanding. Because at first when he was coming home he was, he was some wild nigga using his account. Tweeting shit. I Don know if it was him. Yeah. But yeah. Oh, you you mentioned Gel Ian, you might have some better information for No, no, no. You might have some better information for me. Our gel insider Ian. Nah, nah, not even, not even, not even because I, I, I see the, the Hawk tour girl did something with a meme coin and I see people talking about gel and all this other shit.


So could you break that down to me because you look like a smart idea At first Hell of a rug pull she put out a meme coin. Anybody who invested in it. Why Is that like an NFT? What the what's what is, I don't even know what a meme coin is. Similar. So like a coin, like A doge coin. Half of the ones you talk Doge. Yeah. Yeah. That's a meme coin too. Pepe All coin. Yeah, All of them shits is me. I never bought into them shit. So Smart move. I Like, They like the, The Kmart version of like Bitcoin Pretty much. Okay. And, and I'm not mad at her for the hustle. I think if she would've stayed with it, she would've made a lot of money. But she fucked up where she took all the money out of it. And there's been a few of these that have happened ever since XR p's taken off. Bitcoin's taken off. Y'all have to be careful.


But the part that's really tricky because it's more regulated now, they're looked at as securities. You can't just take your money away and rug pull all of your investors. So let me ask you a question. What, what type of she, the person that does that, will they be facing some kind of time Given? Well there's a legal case against her now 'cause the law firm came forward. She'll have good representation. She'll probably get a fine to do no jail time before other people. Some people have done four or five years, like because the banks have came in and took over crypto, they're not gonna let these examples of fraud happen. Like how they used to maybe 80 or seven years ago. Oh, okay. So yeah, so, so she'd probably pay a hundred thousand dollars. Fine.


Apologize. Wait, Hold on, hold on. Slow down. Because I read how much it made. How much it made It, it made some money and, and the market cap. Yeah. A hundred thousand dollars firm and apologize and go home. How much did it make? Yo. Millions. How many do you think? Millions. But she, she didn't walk away with that herself. Oh, okay. All Herself. Okay. So Like 50 million over 20? No, no, no. It was a Few. I just, I I I, Yo we gonna have a US coin nigga. We're not gonna whatcha you whispering for like, y know, you know, you know the game nigga put me or Yeah.


We gonna have a red panish coin. Can we do that together? I'm not gonna be involved in, but if we hold, I think it'll be valuable. You ain. You ain't gotta be involved. Just let me know how To do it. Shout to JP Morgan, Vanguard matter. Protect your shit all times. Shit. You wanna know what boggles my mind about this girl? What's that? Well, hey, It's not All day capital H Yeah. It's not hate. I swear to God I am. I I am, I am. What Makes you hot and bothered about her? Oh, That Is what, Very, very cute. No, I'm just like perplexed by this. Why People love celebrity. No Wait, popularity. Wait. No, no, no, no.


Hold on. Forget the fuck the popularity. So she's walking down the street of wherever the fuck she's from. Where she from? Memphis. Nashville. Nashville. All right. And somebody catches her on camera and she says Hawk to and then ins. Where the fuck does the team come from? It wasn't instant because she asked him a couple of times and not to take it down post video to take it down so it wasn't instant, but No, no, no. But what I'm, what I wanna know is how did we get from there from that moment to her sitting on fucking Bill Maher to her having a podcast to her having this opportunity. Like where did the, where did the team form around her? She was Okay. Right? She didn't have a team. Yeah. Once you, once your popularity starts to take off, she went viral. Now you start to go get things that are, are necessity to people see a value to you.


Now there is value, But if you've never been in it, how do you know how to they Will reach out to you. That's what Bill Barr was telling her. I listen, that's what I'm trying to say is because you have never been in the industry, you have no level of sophistication. You're going to be, I understand like being viral and you getting hit over the head with all these offers and people saying, oh, I wanna do this for you. I wanna do that for you. Yes. But then how do you like go through everybody if you don't know who everybody is and what they're offering? Like a lot of people are sharks trial mistakes and they can take advantage of you. How do you think a rapper finds a manager? How do you think a person in the industry? I'm, people Find You, you've been in the industry for a long time. You going, it's gonna be trial or never. Corey might say, yo, I can make you big bigger than everybody I could.


You know what I mean? A Lot of people could, Like, People will be promising to do that and they're really just, they're not. Well She looked up, send somebody reach after away somebody reach out to her that has a track record. Yes. Like you could say, oh this person, oh you, yeah. Yo, I could do you, I could put you up here. Yeah. I've worked with A, B, CD. The person that got her in front of Bill Maher might have said, yo, I got you in front of Bill Maher. That's fucking amazing. Like I got you in front of Bill Maher. You are sitting down in one-on-one with Bill Maher and Bill Mahers now saying you need to capitalize off of this 15 minutes of fame. Y'all dissed them for saying it. And, and you know what? That she got a meme coin. Look, that person that got her in front of Bill Maher, you know what he's saying to the next one? Hey, I got the hot tour girl in front of Bill Maher so I can take you here.


What's her Name? UA Hailey Welsh. Her name is ua. Oh wow. Yeah. You would know she took advantage. Ain't be allegations either. It's not about that. But here thing Gonna reach out to her to get a One's Skit. Sorry. Long form content. Oh Shit. That was hate. That's, that's why she popping. That's Hate. That was massive hate. Here's the thing. Country girl, You know what I mean? The image is one way. Yep. She come talking about spitting on Dick. So it was like, Oh Shit. It Was funny how she said it too. You Spit on that, that thing like, oh, okay. She little freak. Neither one of them beat the allegation. A Little freak thing. You know? She know, you know, we like, we like a lot of vanilla in our coffee. Well you like way more than us.


But she's a freak. What? So then now she's skyrocket. Yeah. And the people, you know, one thing about it, what I noticed about, and we don't want to admit this, but when white people see one of their own get, It is some traction. It's A bigger market Way. Bigger market than one of us. And she, funny or not, she's Entertaining as Hell. When I went viral, I signed a, a, a, a a deal with, what's This shit called? Olad. I forgot what it what it was, but I signed the deal with them and the deal that somebody else got was way bigger than mine of percentage. And, and I had to go back and renegotiate. I need an 80 20 split. At first they, they wanted to give you like 60 40, shit like that. But then when I found out, you know, you communicate with each other More information.


Information And then need more information, which is important. Damn you getting 80 twenties? Yeah. Well now, yeah, I'm getting 80 20 now. Damn. And residual. But at the same time It is like when they see one of their own popping and the internet is gravitating towards them, they on they ass and they're gonna give them all their resources to Melyssa Ford. They're give all their resources, they're gonna help them get to the top. They have a bigger market that they could sell it to as well though. And That goes back to my point, if she was, she could've made millions of dollars off of this coin. I was about to say that might not even be true. What might not Be true, why you think that's Not true? Because they might be cracking her muffin and getting a a 30 70 split. They might be giving her all their resources, but all of our resources come with a big chunk of the pie.


Ain't guarantee that she getting the 80 20. She could be getting a 2080. She might not be getting the 80 20. 'cause you don't, you two new, you don't even, you gr Yeah, You right. They take advantage of you but then make whatever. By her being a face, It is making enough money to cover all that. Where she don't I'm a agree. When She's not affected by the 2080s She signed with UTA, she not getting no 82. Like she not getting fucked. Yeah. People at UTA have been pretty Good. What you explain, explain that. Go ahead. Explain what UTA To Ut. Yeah. It is a, It is a major, major, major talent in agency in la. Like it's huge. I Don't know how U-T-A-C-A-A William Morris Endeavor. Yeah. Like those are the big ones. She was one of the big yo, hold on, hold on real quick. Why you always, why you always do that bro?


Uhuh, I'm giving you you props. I said I thought you would know what UTA is. You've been know what UT is business for man long. I know what UTI is nigga because yo, I Got it but I don't know what UTA is, nigga. I Know what UTA is and you've been in This shit longer than me. I, I'm a part of sag aft. That's all I That's that's different. That's the union. What I part of Management Agency. An agency that that picture you to people or Represen. You could be signed a UTA, you could be signed agency. Okay. Thank you. I'll look into it. You thought I Sean be funny. Yeah, I I'll make a call for you. Look, Look, nah, yo, they sticking too nice Fox. Tell him stop and flip, help Flip sign into agency mean you gotta listen to somebody when they True. That's what I'm saying.


Dubbed. Yeah man. They might get you a 30 20, 30 20 nigga. Fuck you talking about. I like an idiot. So where's the other 50 nigga? That means they got, I look stupid. See, I'm not saying see you. That's how I didn get you yo introduction. No, didn didn't know that. But Thank you for putting me on. I didn't know that. But I mean It is looking bad for her now. I mean she she is under fire. Yeah, she fucked up. Do you think she's personally responsible for it? Absolutely. Have you pulled the money out that People Wait, wait, hold on. Asking you. Come on. If I tell, we said she, If I tell you to invest in something and it doesn't go well, you are responsible for that.


But Ian, what about the people around her that's just using her as a face? What if she was tricked? What if she was You still responsible? You think United Healthcare Person, these nigga gave you a gun and told you go kill somebody and you got caught killed. That's way different. You always go to the extreme. That's extremely, extremely different. Not different. Do you think that the ceo, this is serious of United Healthcare, wrote the AI to deny 90% of people? No, but he's the one who took the fall for it. So same with her. Like if you're gonna be the face and promote This shit and be public facing and brand ambassador, you know what your Q score is? Hey man, You gotta take the other side of that. Yo, it's a Q score. Q Rating. You know what Q you know What It is. I Don know what That is. It's, you don't know what a Q score is. Just like when You Yeah, like ability factor your rating, your sliders.


Don't you see I Don know. Yeah. You learn something new every day, man. Word. UTAQ score. CAA. We in the alphabets nigga. Yeah. Even flip in though. See I don't know. Nothing. Flip around like you know Q score. No, what the fuck is that? You talking about the shit that you the bark the Q code qr. QR Q code as you take a picture of I de would to menus. No, I thought you would know that. See Exactly. Yeah Man. I did. I we Just said it. Your Q rating is your likability and popularity factor. How popping you are. How, how would you be able to find that out? Where do you get the Q score from? It would help to have an agency U-T-A-C-A-A.


Yeah. Shout to Christian. Yo, stop shouting niggas out bro. Shout to Christian. Matter what? The Christians and the church nigga C. Yeah. Okay. Shout to them. This nigga always gonna be cool with somebody. Shout out to Them. These people I'm in business with. There you Go. Oh you are Shout to the Raiders. Me Alright, alright. Alright. Myers shout to the dolphins. Yeah, No doubt. Shout This shit. I keep going. Shout to Shout to Flip. We talk last night when we Go Push Shout J Shout Jay wise my dog. You know what I mean? Yeah. I think, I think that. Yes, I Got it. I think that I'm gonna go home and do some more research 'cause I need to be down with these companies. I do. We did Some talking last Night.


I mean that's the journey I've been on recently though. Like travel and shit like that. And thanks to y'all just wanna expand your mind and be down with these companies and learn more man information. When you realize how ignorant you, you were. That's a, that's a gift. You feel crazy. You Feel crazy. Right? That's a gift though. When you really realize, Oh Shit, I don't know shit at All. When you hit that moment now it's like, all right now, But why are we comfortable? Why? Why are we comfortable in that position? Because We think we know it all. 'cause I, I was walking around like I don't give a fuck nigga. I don't care. I am me in my mind. But nigga I'm just a little fucking And Then you realize this Little Dot. I'm only gonna get right here with that thinking when your associations change too. Absolutely. So if you, the head of the all your friend group where you now come sit on the couch not trying to be funny where you now come sit on the couch and you sitting on the couch across from Joe.


It's a level to it that you haven't gotten to yet. Yep. So now you gotta seek for more information level up to that and then vice versa. And also being comfortable being out of your comfort zone. Even when she lost that coin, I calculated what I could have made if I would've did a coin two years ago, I was like fuck, I should have did it the right way. Yeah. I make it. I do. But So you won't do it now? No, I wouldn't do it now in, it goes against my values. But we can do a JB coin. Don. No, we ain't gotta do a JBP coin officially. Ice got, what could I make on a coin? Yeah. Make some coin. Me and Ish could do a coin. Double coin. We gonna do a double Coin Apology money to the side.


But nigga That niggas a scammers who Scam both of y'all. Who scamming who said it's a scam? All that stop you out. Don't involve scam. Don't don't involve this nice man into that shit. W coin. Yeah. Don't involve why Coin? You know you can't, you niggas are great Nigga. I ain't gonna lie. I think I would do the same thing. Gu Aki Coin, All of that crazy Aki coin. Tough. That's a good name. What's, what's the steps into cashing out though? Like it's a, you said it's a process so you can't just press the button and cash out like GoFundMe. Yeah, It is a long process. It's a couple of Steps. Oh you don't wanna say that publicly. That's Because I Don want people to fucking do it. Scam and do the same. Oh Shit. Just Bitcoin. Ethereum Shout to you was Brent Panda.


Yeah, but Bitcoin. Ethereum. ADA X rrp. Yo Flip. It's time for, it's time for our favorite part of the show. Hey. Yeah. Hey Joe Was so kind to do the read for us. So I'm gonna go ahead and drop that right here. Yay. There we go. Looking out for us. Wait, wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. Yo. Gotcha. You ain't gotta do shit. You should notice in my heart you can do it.


Prize fixes number one sports app and all of Atlanta. Let's let A professional do. Let's let a professional Do. Alright. All right. It is time for my favorite part of the show. PrizePicks Gang year. All right. PrizePicks is the number one daily fantasy sports app in all of the land. Super simple, very easy to play. You can get this done in 30 seconds or less. All you have to do is look across all sports. Pick two to six players, look at their projected stat line and pick more or less for your chance to win big this week. I'm gonna go with gimme Justin Jefferson for more than 80 receiving yards, which would mean Sam Donald for more than two toss. Gimme Sam donor for more than two touchdowns. And I'm riding the hot hands of bull nicks for more than 250 pass yards. And say Quan Barkley yet again for gimme over 75 rush yards. Don't forget you get $50 instantly the second that you download the app. So use promo code JBP and you'll get that immediately. One more time. Download the app right now and use promo code JBP for you to instantly get $50 on the spot. So good luck to everybody out there and run your game.


Thank you Joe. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very, You know what I mean? You know I thought we was going episode. We sound battle episode without that. Yeah, I but we were, we not, I wanna play a game with y'all. What's up? Let's do it. Okay. It is a game that's been going on the, around the internet viral game called we listen and we don't judge. Let's say it at the same time. We listen and we don't, don't judge basically how that work. Explain the game nigga. First of all, basically I could pick each and every one of y'all and just say something about y'all. That's the game that I saw. Something about y'all that I may have a problem with or may that I may like or 'cause I wanna switch it. 'cause a lot of you niggas take things too personal up here.


So I may say that something like, why you looking at me? Why you saying that though? Because you the nigga that take things to Personalist. The personalist the Personal Personal. That may have been we, we gonna, we we, We let some old shit go though. It ain't been the same for a while. Nah, Haven't it haven't. So that's right. Y'all understand the game because you know I'm not good at explain This shit. Y'all understand the Game though. Oh We listen and we don Don don't judge and we don't judge Ayo Ish. Every time I get in your car I'll be mad 'cause I'm afraid of them pee bottles that you have on the fucking floor and you be having a lot of pee bottles and shit in your car. You are sick. Fuck. Can't say you got back. Yo. You Listen. You don't judge, you listen, you don't judge. You Got mad pee bottles and you got the big joint.


You got gallons means you As much as you in why we listen, we don't judge. We listen. Listen and don't judge. Okay. Ish They flip. Oh there you go. No, I'm gonna need you to start giving JR his hoodies back. We listen. We listen and we don't judge Don Judge. Very fair. Yeah, fair All Fair Ice. Yes. Sometimes when you be giving a pound and your hand be bleeding the blood. I be, I be gonna wash my hands but I Don do it in front of you because you my man.


So you know. I gotta just hold it down. I Don don, Don. Oh Shit. I gotta Man go to somebody else. You supposed to do it back to the party. Oh. Oh. I Don know this fucking game Idiot. I know this game. I ain't skip me man. I I don't care about you. Nah, you can't. Come on. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta do it anything. This nigga yo. Oh man. Yeah man. Flip we what you say?


And we don't judge. Don. Don, I ain't gonna hold you dog. I be wanting to give you my barber's phone number. Oh Shit. You my man. So I just be letting you cook. But yeah like either, either commit to it or just cut This shit off like oh man we listen, We don't judge. That's true. Flip you the only nigga that ain't in construction but keep plumbers crack. Oh Shit. We listen, we don't judge, I do have a problem with you constantly doing events and family parties and not inviting any one of us to your family parties and come back and brag about it or not try to brag about it.


You know what I'm saying? Because you look like you be having a good time. I do have a problem with you leaving me outside and leaving me out your life. I I remember that. Thank you. We listen and we don't judge Ish took mine. He did. Okay. Maybe Not the plumber's crack but I was definitely gonna say flip. I'm gonna need you to start wearing pants in your actual size. 'cause those last pair of jeans that you wore in here Ass Out. I just could See your heart beating through them bitches today. I'm sorry nigga. I saw things that I shouldn't have seen. Thank You man. Said with love. Thank you man. We listen And we don't judge Mail.


Oh Shit. Mail, mail, mail, mail Ma. Keep It above board motherfucker. No, no you can't Above or mother, I'm tired of you coming in here like you work at Hooters. Put some fucking clothes on because if we look a certain way with pose snitch camera, we end up getting in trouble and look like niggas is listening over you and you just be walking in front of niggas. Can you please find another route to walk every time you got some shit on you walk right in front of niggas in slow motion. Hurry up and walk to the side or wait till one of us get up. Okay? We listen and we don't, don't judge. Okay. Imani. Oh E is here.


Oh, Jumped in right for this game. I ain't gonna lie ice. I want you to stop trying to dye your beard bro. It's over. Just, just let that shit stay Natural. Let that shit breathe. Breathe. We listen. Listen And don't judge a yo e. Hey you skip. Alright, we skipping. All right, go ahead. E we Just going around Enough, enough bro. You're not the, I'm tired of you coming here like you the hot throb of the pod nigga like you the fucking smoothest nigga in the world. Like you get to it. All niggas a lot of other smooth niggas in here, nigga enough you try to cut your hair and thought you was cool. Like we could still see through them fucking stupid ass curls. You still your hair still see through nigga. And that's it. I'm tired of you coming here bragging and wanting to be Mr.


Oh everybody love me. I'm every man for every woman nigga. Okay, stop. All right. And low key. I Don long one. This shit worse Nigga. This shit. Listen And we don't Judge. I Don problems Ish. Alright. Y'all niggas is done. It is over. It is. It is over. It is over. It is. Thanks for the game. Flip. Nice touch. I think it's go You're so hip with the the yeah with the kids are doing on the internet with the kids. Yeah, the internet the bad News game. But but I I I don't like the plumbers button and I don't like the jeans. We don't like the Wet like either. No one likes it. Y'all sure that I be doing that? We sure Positive.


My eyes don't be lying. So why y niggas don't say nothing to me in real time? Well your Mean, you want, you want the little jeans? You want me? I Don want what size you get? 32. The wrong one. Why? Shit like a 36, 38. All right, so go A 42. All right so I I'm 42 Chris. No, you just said Hmm. Wait, you really get 36? I Give 38 42. What? You went from a 36 to a 42. I Don get and you do Not get 42 length. You skip. Yeah. Word. That is exactly What is it? It is 36, 38 40. 42 42. Yeah. Yeah. So you, You get all four size. So you go with them. It's 36 and a 42 within those Sizes.


I don't, I have a 1 36. It's like 38. Okay. If that's, and then, and then I learned from Mel that my waist is up here right under my belly button. I have my You got, you got the low, Low rises on. I have my waist computer. Your waist start? Yeah, on my, The clearance rack don't have all the sizes. The low Rise. The low low Rise to show your Tramp stand. That's What it be. Male. Try to be nice about this. You say yo, you know that's not where your waist are. I thought I was killing it too. And I was wondering where my pants be falling down Hip. They don't be falling nigga you ain't pulling 'em up. Ham pulling up my waist, my stomach. You can't Get 'em up. The fuck you talking. Fuck. Get your size And then they'll go Up your side your Size nigga.


But if it goes over my s that means there's a fucking gap. Nigga. What you talking about? I'm gonna look like a, I'm like one iita outside nigga. I don't wanna look crazy like that. Nah nigga, I don't do that. Don't do that. Right. My Key. No I don't do that. So you're not supposed to the, you're not supposed to wear your pants right here. Talk Where you pointing at? Hey yo. This nigga belt me on his hip bone. But your shit right here. Right. You pointing right here on Yo. I'm not, no I'm Nigga. Nigga Right here. Right here? Yeah. Where the dent Is at? Yeah, the dent Not, not here. Not here. Yeah that's where was going. Your Belly over the belt. That's where you're supposed to be at. You're supposed to be right there. Yeah. I love flip learning pants in real Time.


Hey Y can lift your shit up. Pause, put your belt line and then put your stomach over there you go. See Right here. Alright. Hold on. Hold on. One of those. No one of those. One of those. What's size medium? Don't No That is mediums. That's not an extra large. That's not 38 z Extra. It is a large. It Is a Large, you don't wear a large, you don't wear a large, they they jrs You Think? I think they JR. Shits. How You wearing JR Pants? He he taller Than you. Jr's tall and at the, It is Skinny nigga Jr. Four Jr. What? But He thought because he was taller that some of the lengths would Add to exactly widths Width.


Yeah. Stretching his pants. He fucking his shit's up. Hey Bob, don't get, Don't get those back a little Bit. He don't want them back. He don't want them back. He don't want em. Just make Those Pajamas. Hey yo. Hit word Christmas joints. Christmas joints. Alright, hold up Long Johns. Hey Yo. Yo. Oh Shit. Yo. They long His cheese too skinny. Put some shit on top of them. You good? You in the Christmas fucking mood with that sweater. You good chill nigga. You cool. Can't wear skinny jeans because my knot Don't fit. So I should make these into lawn drawn and shit. You Should make them into no, Don't wear anymore. Get rid Of those. Why nigga these are not nigga this flea nigga this. Stop this What flea They fire Be a size up. That's All. Get a size up bro.


Oh, baggie is it? Oh yeah, you, no, the size up still won't be baggy. It just be fit. Just get your size One, one up. No none. Taper this nigga crazy. Nothing. Taper stack. Stack. Straight Leg. Yeah. Say something. Flea means fly. Yeah. Yes. Okay. We know the word flea may be traumatic to you but You know You mean stop. Stop. Time out. Not on Mel. Come on. Stop that. No, you wanna go back to we listening. We don't judge now. No, I'm gonna let him live. It's All good girl. Mel, I want no problem with you. Especially on a day like this. I need your help.


'cause these niggas out here, they're against me so I need your help. Okay. For real. Get, let's go back to when we first got signed, nigga. Even though you renewed just shit without permission. Without permission, permission. It is, don't shake your head nigga. You know that's some bullshit that's going on. She renewed the, I don't give a fuck. Was she supposed to get your permission to resign? No, I just want to be in. I want to be in the know. Let Ask you a question. How many, Anything you want, how Many contracts you signed since y'all been here? Modificate Here, modifications, updates, amendments. Amendments. I don't wanna talk, I don't wanna talk about contracts. Not details. Just how many you brought the Contract up? No, I didn. I just said she just signed three. Three four. Was she privy to any of those before you signed? Yes. You updated her first after No, no.


You got privy to hers after. Alright, let's move on. There we go. Got you. Let's move. Andrew Schultz. Andrew Schultz. Oh God. Parks he fired back at Kendrick. Andrew Schultz fired back at Kendrick Lamar because Kendrick what? Kendrick Lamar said in the record. Yes, Yes. Kendrick Lamar said what in the record. He Didn't really fire back at Kendrick Lamar. He fired back at hip hop. But he fired at Kendrick. He fired at hip hop. Kendrick said he was just like something about Don't let no white comedian Talk about a black woman. Black woman. Black woman's law. That's law. Yes. Are We sure for sure that he was talking to? For sure. For sure. Yes. I Don, you know they say if the shoe fit wear it. He wore the shoe Head, dog bottle. I don't know. Did what black women did.


Andrew Schultz talk about It was when he was on kids his podcast? Yeah. Yeah. It was that podcast, those guys. And he started talking about this trend that was happening on TikTok and Instagram where it shows how white men who married black women experienced a glow up. That was the reference point. Okay. That he was describing. Okay. And so it was like just a bunch of black women married to white men and you saw what they looked like before and after being married to said black women, they look 30,000 times better. The what? And they credit the their woman for upgrading them. Okay. So but why? Okay, well hold on. That's The origin of the joke. That's the origin of the joke. It wasn't fucking funny. There was, it was fucking stupid.


And so Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. That don't sound, that don't sound like he's disrespecting the black woman. No, You gotta get it. Clip clip though. That was, that was what the whole, the clip was. But he was basically saying, I mean I think we should hear the clip. I think we can find this joke. I don't have the old clip. I have the new clip from what he said today or yesterday, whatever it was. I thought it was something about Kamala, but that's What I'm saying. Yeah, I don't No, that was what it was in reference to. It was a Couple months ago. Yeah, yeah. Anyway, This is what you said back. Like first of all, Kendrick's people and the gang affiliate, you know everybody, his security, they will kill me. They will destroy me. They'll find me in the street. They'll fucking get that outta the way. Cut me up. They'll shoot, they'll do whatever. I'm Not tough guy, guy don't passive Aggressive shit. But just Kendrick, I would make love to them.


There's nothing he can do about it. Ju just Kendrick Lamar. I would make love to him and the only thing that he could do is decide if it's consensual or not. That's the only thing he could do. If it's me, Kendrick. If it's me, Kendrick stupid. No, I'm, this isn't about physics. It's about physics. I don't even know if I'll get hard, but if we're in a cell, there's a chance that that if we're in a cell and we're bored and we done tattooing each other, whatever you do in the cell. And we ran outta board games and we did all the other things. We cleaned everything. And I'm like, man, I might as well fuck you.


There's, That's the gist. No, he said way more than that. Yeah, he Went for A while longer. But it's a long clip. I Don, I never even heard that part. The part I heard where he was like, yo, I'm disin a black woman. Oh you mean hip hop? Like, and he starts to go down the traditions of hip hop, men of misogyny, misogynistic and anti-woman in certain instances. And he just rocked on that for about 20 minutes. Pause. It is like saying, nigga, I could do it but you can't. Yeah, It is like saying we can say nigga, but they can't. Which it still doesn't make it right though. Shout to Alex. Shout to show us. Love you dearly.


You can't say hey yo, don't come up here with that. I'm about to get off flip. You can't, you can't say that you are. Well fuck somebody black. Like if we gonna go back to buck breaking and certain shit should not, that line should not be crossed. I don't give a fuck if it was in jokes. I'm not, I'm not gonna lie. Unjust seems real hypocritical. It Is. It is very hypocritical. It seems hypocrites. Why? Well first off, I didn't think joke was funny, but I do understand. Agreed. He's a comedian and he does make jokes. Yeah. I've seen one side of the of people speak and make certain jokes and we allow it and let it go forth. And then we only seem to get emotional when it comes down to certain shit that affects us. That that just doesn't play part to comedy.


Prior. I'm saying, oh ahead finish. No, go ahead, go ahead. I just saw somebody in response to that posted the Dave Chappelle joke about Michael Jackson where he was like the kids, I mean, yeah, a lot of kids. I don't want to go into details of the joke, but Cory over Here washing shoes. This shit Corey turn That shit on, man. It Was, and when that joke happened it was hilarious. Like niggas laughed at the, it was in his stand a different time. No it wasn't. It was a recent standup. Oh it was recent. It was one of his, one of his recent standups. My thing is, when a comedian is equal opportunity, I respect that personally. Just because you shoot at everybody Don pick and choose. We bullshit.


We just don't like guys don't like Andrew Schultz. That's not true. Like that's not true because I say that nigga's funny. You know I stay Saying, I'm saying, I'm saying the community has a culture, the culture, the community of people who are having an outrage. And I understand why you might not like him. I think a big part of the outrage is because they solely just don't like him. I do think if another white comedian would have made that joke way, bill Burr makes that joke. Nobody's mad. I don't think no one trips I, I'm not, I Think they don't like him. His career off Of, so here, here's my thing. I'm not gonna say, I'm gonna say this. I think I, I think that Billy Burr, I think that Would've made a better joke. He would've made a better Joke for he would've made a a 10 times better joke. But that's true. I also think that Billy Burr, and correct me if I'm wrong, I could be, is not necessarily as in tune with the hip hop demo as Schultz is.


Correct. That's why I think chu education comes, education comes along with that. I, so you might make a joke unbeknownst to you that it could be hurtful or harmful. Right? He is more in tune with the hip hop community, et cetera, et cetera. So I think he should be more aware. What makes you think that? Of what lines to cross and cross? What makes you think that sch is more in tune? Because everything that he does and speaks about, usually when he's coming it shows that he's not in tune. 'cause he sits next to Shar. Okay. The pro, the proximity. The close proximity to the culture. Okay. Probably makes him feel like he, he Has hip hop guest on his show Of the cultures.


He Talks about hip hop topics. I mean I don't make talks about playing the drums in Fucking, I think he don't, he don't make this joke if he's not in tune with hip hop at Parks. Said he wouldn't even know Kendrick Joke. Joke at Parks said a certain joke. Right. Parks is our brother. I know that Parks has more awareness about issues that we hold near and dear than some other white boy that I don't know that might have grown up in Elmira. Right. So if Parks says some shit I might take to heart that I wouldn't take to heart if another white boy said it. So that's my point. Your thought I might take it to heart and Be offended. You're personalizing the comedian based upon whether you know him, him or not. Like Bill, first of all, bill Bur got his start.


From what I remember, him really first seeing him was Chappelle's show. Yes. So a lot of that was he was entrenched with, with a certain level of culture just from doing that show. I don't think he's just totally oblivious to hip hop culture. He might not focus that on his standup, but I don't think him and Schultz are like light years ahead in culture. Gotcha. I just think we find him to be more personable. We find him to be more funny. We find him to, we like him. I think Schultz is hilarious. Have not come in here and said yo fucking funny. I don't Want, when I say we, I'm not saying us up here. I'm saying Gotcha. You gotcha. Just the general population just seemed to have more of an affinity for him than shows. Gotcha. That is so it's way easier to hear that joke and be like, well or Gary Owens.


Right. You know what I'm saying? Here's the thing that I don't agree with you guys on. The thing about It is Andrew Schultz sits next to Charlamagne and they speak about hip hop. Right. And while, okay, the joke may be just a joke, you a comedian. But what I do is I hate when people who are not a part of our culture end up coming into our culture and then their true feelings start to come out. We Don't know that. I'm sorry Hold on, hold on, hold on. Because he started to say about how black men or how rappers treat their women, right? That means you, you knew this and you felt this way, you knew this and you felt this way. And you sitting next to Charlemagne and Back.


He's been saying that on the show huh? Year He's been saying this on The show for years. Well I don't watch him so I don't know. He's been saying's Saying the same sentiment For years. So he saying what? That black men or rappers beat their women so I can, he's had The same take forever. If you guys do it, I can do it. No nigga you can't do it. And that's you. That's the overall Gist. No, you can't. You think, you think, you think you can't do it 'cause you think, no disrespect that the Jewish people gonna allow us to talk or make jokes about anything pertaining to Jewish culture or what they went through. No, they're not. They're not. You're offending. You get canceled. So we not gonna let this guy That is a fact. Huh? You right. We not gonna let this guy sit down there and then say, okay, It is a joke. I'd rather him address Kendrick Lamar and make jokes based on that.


But when you start addressing hip hop and what hip hop has did to the black woman and how ha we have not protected the black woman and start quoting quotes and shit like that, then nigga you spitting in our face. And Also I found the original clip. I sent it to Parks for him to play if he wants to play it. But you know the, the whole, the TikTok trend was called the Black Wife effect just for specificity. But I found the clip for press. I'm not Disagreeing with flip. I think that I think two things could be true line Or by phone and get anyone pizza For seven nights. Wows YouTube. Shut up. Yeah. I don't have, I don't have premium. Fuck that shit. Holy shit. That was crazy. All you Know about just blow up the other culture. Yeah. So you'll see a, a guy who's had a black girlfriend all of a sudden he's got buzz cut like clean shape up a I like that.


I Fuck that. They shaved their hair 'cause they start losing it because it's so stressed around this black girl complaining about shit all the fucking time. That's why they gotta shave their head. Nah bro. White guys with black girlfriend, they, they grow a beard dick up. There's more cushion when they get slapped the fuck out. Us s that, that's what you saying. I think a little different. I think the black girlfriend effect. Hmm. It might be a protective instinct bro. You think That's not a blow Up guys, you guys, have you ever had black girlfriends? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do have you ever had white girls? Yeah. Yeah. Oh wow. Okay. What's your favorite? Who Is he sitting next to? They're all black. Yeah. We love them.


All that means white I guess. So I guess that there's, I guess to certain people there's a thin line between truth and joke. Right? I get Kendrick responding To that now. Yeah. That's not, that's not what Mel said. Mel Said like they was complimenting The black. No, no, that's not, that's not, I was not saying that the con the conversation was complimentary. What I was saying was what the trend was. The trend was the trend was the black wife effect and how white guys look raggedy and then when they're black woman gets, they swag them up. That was the trend. And that's what he's commenting on. Gotcha. And then he's, so he's basically alluding to the fact that the reason why they get the buzz cuts is because the stress of dating a black woman makes lose fucking hair funny. It's not fucking funny.


Funny. That's what he's saying. Ain. And then the beard is to cushion them from like physical saying Black women are abusive and These two yuckies. Before You do that, lemme just ask, I'm not defending, I'm not defending, but I have to ask a question here. If a person don't like, like fucking family guy or, or South Park where they shoot at everybody, you get what I'm saying? They don't, they don't. It's not, I don't take them as a racist or nothing like that because alright, now it's a black joke because they do that. That's their form. If someone's form of comedy is offensive, let's be clear. There are some offensive jokes that are funny regardless of how you look at it. If someone's form of comedy is being offensive and they're offensive to everybody, okay, I don't have a problem with that.


I got a problem with the person who singles out. I'm only talking about this over here. Or I got a problem with the people that only have a problem. When you talk about this over here, you're Sitting next to one of the, That's my beef with A big personality on the radio of New York or known personality. You're sitting next to him who champions black culture. That's number one. So sitting next to him, he gives you a co-sign by even sitting next to him, you have a certain co-sign that's and acceptance into the culture. Second of all, it's like, could that You might not deserve. Yeah. You, you're cracking jokes about the black woman, which is cool. But I'm saying that if it was the other way around, we are not allowed to do that. And we are gonna get canceled of course. Can I connect that we Have to protect, we had to protect.


Of course. No go, go go. We gotta protect our culture. That's how I feel. I don't feel like, I don't like what I just heard and what he said that me neither. I don't like what I heard. Me neither. And his response to Kendrick, I wasn't mad initially. 'cause I'm like, okay nigga, you playing around with a comedian, he's gonna respond. But then when I hear how you really feel, how it rolls off the tongue, it hits different. You know what I mean? That's like having a friend, a friend that's been around you all the time. If I have a white friend all the time and I'm, I'm, I'm judging him based off of one thing and then he just responds about all the, the negative connotations that black people deal with or that's attached to black people. I'm gonna feel away, nigga. You always felt this way and you sat next to me pretending. Just 'cause you had a goal in mind.


That's how I would feel. Can I, can I to go back to, to what you said about the acceptance and being allowed to be some level of a part of the culture. Yeah. Who, who's to say that he ever wanted that big facts? That's true. And I'm, I'm just posing that question. First off. Let me it very clear. I don't fuck with nothing. He said, I don't think none of This shit he said was neither. I Don I don't fuck with that. So you think, You think it's just being us being typical and accepting Anyone? I think, I think yes. So you it us I think he took, I think he took advantage of a platform at a moment where he was not of the ilk and of the status of Charlemagne. He sat next to him and he somehow, and he benefited from it, benefited and became just as big if not bigger. It is not bigger. Lemme ask you a question and that's, hold on, hold on, hold on real quick.


The other part I wanna say is, this is the confusing part for me when come to shit like this. 'cause I want to allow comedians to be comedians. But then when comedians become now broadcasters and they become media personalities, they start to straddle that line of talking their real feelings and hiding it behind a joke. So I, so I'm very like, I'm confused to say, do I go out and hold him to a certain standard? Because when is he talking about his personal feelings and when is he joking? That's my confusion at this point. That's a good point. Like I want to give him the, i I wanna give every comedian the chance to really live in a comedy and do, 'cause I hate that boundary with saying, yo, you can't make whatever joke, but when are you serious?


Like Sholtz, is that really what you feel? I mean, because if It is say that and let's just, let's just keep it clear if it's not, and then if it's not, then I have to just side on the side of comedy, which ab comedian does in This case. I would say be funnier a little bit. Well Be funny. Well, yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's not a funny joke That that's the big problem with all this to me is lack of execution from a comedy standpoint. I mean all This shit he said is offensive, but I think he was trying to be funny now. But my question is, but It's not funny. Agreed. Now now my question is what about the person that found it funny? I was about to say yeah, because it's a Tongue. It just might not have been funny to us. Not have funny, there's comedians that people love for watched stand up, watch that shit. And I'm like, this nigga, It is terrible. Watch. I watch that shit that you, you and Joes told me About that Joe was the joint that Joe was telling us about.


I had to turn that shit off. Shit. After watching Giselle Nick, I turned That shit off. Anthony adjust. Nick, you turned It off. I turned it off. I did after the fourth. I'm gonna fuck a 14-year-old joke. I was like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. And it wasn't even like, the jokes are bad, but then when the crowd starts going it's like yo Weird. Every that he told every joke that he told the crowd was dying laughing and he's making really disgusting dark jokes. Yeah. About kids, about the trans community. So Mostly about under fucking kids it, the fucking kids. And it was In, you could see his goal was, I'm gonna go to the, the extreme. Well he explains it of being dark. He says Gallo, Gallo's humor is the level of taking something dark and trying to find humor out of it.


I I don't know when to tell Andrew, yo shut your comedian brain off because he might just be in comedian mode no matter all the time. He, you're talking the and and I'm not saying that I agree with anything he said I don't fuck with nothing. He said Yeah, I don't, again, but I also, it again, wanna stand on the side of if you're a comedian and that's what you're doing, whether it's a good or bad joke, I don't wanna be the person to tell. You can't make a joke. I'm gonna say this and we all up here say certain things. Double standards exist. Yeah. And they exist for a reason. Everybody applies to them. Everybody benefits from them. Some of us do things that are not beneficial, but we all accept them. And some of the things that people say out of their mouths, there's a double standard where it don't work the other way.


Yeah. You could say it about yours. You can't say it about mine. Man. I remember Monique doing standups killing skinny shit. Skinny bitches. Now let a woman came out, one skinny chick makes and did an hour long segment of family. No, no, no, no. One fat joke. You're absolutely right. I'm gonna Make it. It was it, you're absolutely right. It ain't gotta, you ain't getting no full Saying there's some people that can get away with a certain type of humor, caustic and and offensive and stuff like that. And there's other people that can get away with it. And I think that Andrew Schultz really, really, really takes full advantage of not just the fact that he's white entrenched in black culture with the close proximity to one of the biggest, you know, faces and, and brands and culture. But also it's the whole thing that you just said about, you know, if we, you cannot make any type of joke about anybody who is Jewish, otherwise it's antisemitism.


You get automatically accused of antisemitism. But They stand together. Huh? We won't. What's that? Yeah. But but, but they will stand together all that. They We won't. Exactly. But it's, it's just so easy to make fun of black people and the stereotypes that's, it's so easy. But He don't just see, and this is why I sound like I'm defending him, but I'm not, I've watched his standup before. He don't just make black jokes. He don't. Yeah. Okay. And that's, so that's why it's like if again, if you, if you singled out and just did that, it's like we picking and choosing. No, we picking and choosing 'cause we got a problem with this. But he's going down the list and just shooting at everybody's can Kevin Hart make Jewish jokes? Nobody could make Jewish jokes. That's not a person alive.


We're not gonna stand together. It's not true bro. Listen, listen to this. I'm talk, I'm addressing Isis point. Isis point is he don't hold back. He's, I like Schultz as a comedian. Yeah. You said cool. His standups was funny to me. What I'm saying is, but the fact that you shoot at everybody does not mean that you can say some insensitive shit and people can't find it offensive again. Especially if you sit with the privilege that you are of a certain demo That is untouchable that don't matter at that point. Exactly. And again, you sit by people and you are aligned with people that have told you some of the historical things that we take offense to. So again, if Parks said a joke that I know Parks is us and some other white dude that I don't know said the same exact joke, Parks is more in line with us.


I'm gonna look at Parks differently like You. Right? Like, yo, you my man. You're right. What are whatcha talking about? You Only, but only you know that. So now for the person on the outside who hears that, they could be just as offended as everyone else. I I think, I think at the end of the day I'm, you make a bad joke. Make a bad Joke, cool. It can be a bad joke, but you also should be held accountable for how that bad joke Deal, whatever. Come with the bad joke. I saying I'm gonna hold Parks more accountable is what I was saying. Okay. I'm gonna hold Parks more accountable than I'm gonna hold this dude over there from fucking Alaska there. You don't know. Yeah. Here, here's the thing. We not gonna get rid of double standards. Right? Double standards are not going anywhere. If we were able to crack jokes on everybody and not get ridiculed canceled and lose business deals because we took a certain stance or we seen the top of the top just say a comment and lose deals.


Kyrie, Nick can, we've seen a lot of shit. And and they weren't even meant to be offensive. True. Right? So if we can't do that, we not gonna let this fucking guy sit there and say something. We do it to us, we do it. And then, and then the excuses. Oh, they stick together. But we No, you Don No, I'm saying we I'm saying we power the power. That may be all it does. All, all this shows me, all this shows me is that once again, when it comes to the black man, we have to just accept whatever they give us. We Don't have to accept. We don't. Okay. I'm telling we on hold. We do it the other way around. I hear you. But listen, what I'm saying and, and I, and I want to hear you Ian, but that's just how I'm taking it. Yeah. By the responses that I'm hearing from my brothers. And It is just like all whatever.


Because if I sat here right now and said something that I'm not supposed to say, we gonna edit This shit out. Why? Because we may get canceled. Or why? Because the ramifications for it, the ramifications may face some scrutiny. Right. But we, well even Beyond that, it's just like if it's not good, take it out. Yes. True. Yeah. Agreed. But we can't can't crack a Oh wait, wait, No. Where the fuck. Exactly. So we Can't crack. Wait, stop. We can't crack a positive joke about what happened with the Jewish people. We There's no positive way to crack a joke about that. That's what I'm referring to. There's no positive way. Agreed. So we would have to take it out. That's right. We are not gonna keep it in it. There's no funny joke to say about that because the power that may be that's in charge is not gonna allow that. And we are gonna face scrutiny. So call It what It is. So your point, so is your point that there is nobody like a Parks or anybody else in the room that's doing the checks and balances of you might not wanna have that out there.


Is That is that point? Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Well, well yes, there are people that will say that you might not wanna have that out there and they would edit it out if it's not. But I'm saying it just means she means for Schultz, which she means, I'm talking, I'm talking about this particular C circumstance. Oh. But I feel like when it comes to the black culture, nobody's taking it serious to say that, oh, we could take it or they could take it, nigga they've been through enough, they could, they can handle that. He's right nigga, they, they don't stick together. Right. Nobody gonna say nothing. I'm sitting next to Charlemagne. That's what they gonna say. Because Schultz had a joke about three fifths. And remember slavery, they used to treat us as three fifth, the Virginia, he had a three fifths joke. He's Not fucking funny. It was funny. The fuck away from that shit across the mind, my nigga. And we could never make that joke. About the Hall. We just saw somebody away, away from shit with some a, a very small level of backlash.


And it act like never happened. When Tony Hitch Cliff went and did the, the, was it the Republican or the Yes. He went to go do the convention and he made his joke about the Hispanic Rican, Puerto Rican and for like all of a day and a half, it was something until there was like, all right, well fuck it, it don't matter. Like that's literally the space, The end. We, we are in that space Of, For us and our culture, we are told we have to get over it. Nah, you know what happened? We Have to be past it. It, I'm, no, the Puerto Ricans defended him. The, No, don't say the Puerto Ricans a lot, some Puerto Ricans did because there was a lot of people who offended. So when we speak to the, like if you go online right now dealing with this show shit, it seems to be a majority of black people. Whether they knew it was a joke or not, don't fuck with this, they don't fuck with it.


Now There's a lot of people prior to the joke that just don't fuck with him. Him making that joke. Let, let me attach, let me attach, Go ahead. Go ahead. With that alone on top of the fact that many of those people just did not like him from the jump. It's only making it easier to make this a thing to keep pushing forward. But I can promise you within the next couple of days it's over. It's over, it's over with. And that's the problem. But you better call top 'cause Kendrick ain't nothing to play with. You better. This what I'm, Because it's like, like you said though, that's the problem for us. It's like we Nobody, that's how we raised nobody. Black is gonna check him. That's How bitch about the point Point.


Who's Gonna say something to him? But that's how we are raised in our homes too. Like turn the other cheek, like that's some masculine shit in the black homes. Turn the other cheek and, and It Not everybody home like that. A lot of us are like that. Yo, turn the other cheek. We don't give a fuck nigga shit. Nobody in this media space. We like that. Yeah. Nobody takes it. That serious Nigga still go to Vlad. Niggas still go everywhere else and we have been complaining about shit for almost a decade and won't do nothing as far as not wanting to support certain things, not wanting to be a part of certain things. This is, this is just a pattern where we Just going That was the Yeah, we going in circles. That was the point I was making. Yo, when you start making jokes about Puerto Rico, cool and now you have 20%, 30%. It don't matter what percentage of Puerto Ricans say, yo, that wasn't that funny.


I mean that wasn't bad. It was cool. I think it was, I I agree with him but I, you know what it does, it lessens the blow. When you start making certain jokes about certain demographics, even if they don't mind, they're gonna stand with that demo. They're never gonna come out and say, you know what? It wasn't that bad. He, he's a good guy, blah blah. They not gonna defend you the same way we sitting up here and the room is torn down the middle of, of all black people in this room Parks is black. He's, he's, he's honorary black. But all of us in this room are sitting down and some are halfway defending him or taking up from him. Not necessarily defending him. And some are Taking up for comedy, not for Him. Yes. That's what I'm Thank you. I'm not taking up for him Him 'cause the reality.


No, he's right because you know we all went to see Dave Chappelle. We're all familiar with his humor. He makes fun of everybody. But the difference is we all fucking love Dave Chappelle and we find him funny no matter what offensive shit he says. And you're right. And he's also the type of comedian that attacks everybody. Nobody is. I think That the best like offensive comedians, Dave Chappelle Burr even back in the day was homemade with the long hair that passed away. George Carlin, George car, George Carlin would balance out the offensive shit with like some super serious shit. So you kind of agreed, knew that he was joking. Yes. And leaned more into the comedy. If you don't do that, I feel like you're just doing shock. Chuck. I think even, I think even with Chappelle and Carlin Carlin for sure.


Yep. They ain't go too far Depending on who you ask. The trans community felt Chappelle went way too far time And time again and kept And the disabled community with the last Disabled As well. Yeah. That it didn't go too far to us 'cause we wasn't the butt of that Joke. Can we just, can we just at some Point hand be capable? I'm sorry At some point just to move it conversation, can we just start finding out ways to hold these comedians, responsible people period for the period. Don't hide behind that I'm a comedian. Shit at this point. Let us know how you really feel if that's how you really look at the black culture and community. Cool. Let that be your statement away from a joke. 'cause now I'm confused 'cause I wanna be able to go at and say for sure I don't wanna support that standup.


I don't wanna support that comedian because your thoughts away from comedy don't fuck with me. And I think that, I think that was a missed opportunity too because when it came to the first instance where he's, we was talking about the black wife effect, more people came after the shits and giggles guys, you know, for laughing and joking along because they're two black men and they're like, yo, he's speaking disparately about black women. What the fuck are you two doing? Rather than saving your ire for, for Andrew Schultz. But the vast majority, I don't know a single black woman that finds him funny or is interested in hearing him. So I, you know, and it literally take, but it literally takes Kendrick to say something for this conversation to even come up again. Which is I find also very interesting.


So that's something that within that conversation people kinda have to look at themselves as to what they're, what they find offensive and what they'll get up in arms about and what they'll be like, eh, whatever. A lot of people play fo the leader too. It's not offensive until everybody else is offended by it. Percent. Oh Shit, we mad at that. Cool, let's go. I agree with that. Right. Then we can move along. Fuck you Schultz. Either way, Stand On that. Okay, But but to the hypocritical part of hiphop. What about that aspect? He's right. Hiphop has degraded black women way more than any white Comedian. And then people feel like, yo, even if it's true, it's not for you to point out. That's really, it's for you to join in though. It's not for you to point out.


It's not for you to, 'cause I took that as not him pointing. It's just also, oh wait, if y'all have a problem, why wasn't it a problem all this time He's holding the mirror up. Yeah. It's like if this is wrong, if Wrongest I wrong, wrong about killing, let's make it wrong. Yo, certain people don't gotta take their shoes off when they walk in my house. Man. That's How much times did, did Nana say what happens in this house stays in this house But it's not in this house. It's global. What I'm saying Is that yeah It is global but we Are lot still. He's saying it's in-house. It is. It is within. It's in house amongst us. We ain't talking about it in house yo dog. We ain't gonna sit here and lie and act like we been policing each other in house and just not let we have police. We've been partaking in that shit forever.


I'm not disagreeing with you, we're not gonna say in front bro, but back but back to the point. Women can say certain shit to each other that we can't say that we can't say to them. Women can say shit to us that we can't flip. Women can sit there and talk about your height talk lies. The double standards that exist exist. The double standards is all way. I was telling you when you said double standard we have it. That's what people be like. Well how can they can say the N word? We can't. Sure there's one, it's a small double standard. We could make a joke about our people that an outsider can't make about our people or we can make a joke about somebody and then if they joke on us about it, we're tight. You, you will sit there and say, that's my point. It's it ain't here. It's Life in this day and age we got, we fucked up. 'cause we be speaking for each other. Like we really all agree. A lot of the we that we include don't agree on that.


Don't agree a lot of, a lot of the You right. Other side Of the we. You right. Don't have a Problem If park say nigga, a lot of them don't have a problem if they little white homegirl says nigga, like I've been around that level of we, so we be speaking for people that really don't share the same sentiments as us Or the two or the people that would not have a problem with park, say, nigga. But if this white person, somebody else said Like, now I Got a problem with it. We, We as a coach, as we have a lot of shit just within us that we gotta kind of get some defined level of, okay, how do we as a culture move before we start dictating to everybody else how to respect This shit. It is nuance though. And for the record Parks doesn't say the word. Thank you. Thank you. He never does never. I know y'all tried to defend couple times, tried a million times. They do it a zillion times. But yo dog, I, I think that's unrealistic.


I just think it's unrealistic. I just think that we have to accept the double standards for what they are. Exactly. Hypocrisy is in life. Yeah. It is in part of life. Do we have, okay, part of life. If black people tried to cancel shows, how would it affect them? It wouldn't take to go through the roof. It, it would affect them. The opposite actually. True. All all us, us sitting up here doing this, how you going? There's people that might not have heard about it a word. How would see What this nigga saying, how would we cancel a man where we ain't even his demographic. That's what you're saying. Like Yeah, it's nothing. So we gotta get our money up to where our advertising dollars affect him. Yeah. It won't happen. Or just take a like to be real black people, we won't take a stance or partner together long enough to have an impact.


True. That's the conversation we don't want to have. That's a real trouble because it gets you too preachy. Cool. The same time at the time Kendrick called Drake a pedophile for fucking five months. But the whole world got mad at a joke. Okay. About a Man, another man. It's hypocrite. That's a good Point. But what do I not? That's a Good point. I can't, I can't disagree with that. That's a great point. But yeah, you gonna get pot out the month. I should want it done Right And I fuck with Kendrick. I love Drake. But you turn this whole boy upside down that over some personal shit that you got. That's true. Planted to do and dog, what the fuck are we talking? That's True. That is exactly true. Hey Drake, Listen. Come on man.


It Didn't have to get there. I don't think it was planted. That's true. Not not. I keep going back to that. We got here 'cause of you buddy. Stop. We wasn't trying to get here. We don't have to get personal. He said on the record, It's a legend. I don't give a fuck what he said. And they had a convo yo Up. This is the part that I really don't like about that you went on. I Don, I'm so tired of talking about Kendrick and Drake, but you went on Ade So funny though, using the Tupac AI and said talk about him liking in young girls. Okay cool. I'm gonna talk about it now. You just didn't think it would blow up that way. You did that Shout to The boy at the end of the, at the, at the end of the day.


Yeah, I know I saw you, I saw You shout at the end of the day, the nigga, the nigga basketball court, we Got it. The nigga asked him how to do it, leave family out of it and he didn't and and whether it was a plot, whether it was a plan, whether he knew that he was gonna do it, accountability, whether he had this. It's just the setup is what the setup is. You guys think it's a plan. I don't think it's a p just stick, it's just something Obviously I can see there's Layers to it. I could get, there's layers, yes. I can see the layers that That is presented. But I do understand what you're saying and that was sort of Kendrick's point about pointing out people that may be culture vultures or not within, you know, not down our culture, whether he is right or whether he's wrong. You know what I mean?


And we can't really say that about Drake because Drake has been holding the culture on his back for so many years. So it's just, it's just, it's a preference at this point. And obviously some, some it does look like Drake was railroaded when they show certain receipts and it's unfortunate. But I a thousand percent believe he was, he was. Yeah, it's, it's unfortunate. But you know, we just, I'm gonna tell you I believe so because he's been protected by that same label. Yeah. For A While. Yes. Like you couldn't really dis Drake on certain records. Like t had a verse push t had a verse removed by Universal. They were calling in, getting things done.


Understood. So that you can't dis him. So now for somebody to dis me and y'all pump the song, make it number Oh world wise it's play. It is something at play here. Okay. So I do get 'em. Has there been any more like new developments on, on the petition? There's a, there's a date going around. I don't know how true It is, but I believe it's December 20th to to hear the petition. So that's, that's about it. Yeah. We'll see. Ian, we talked about this a lot, But yeah. Since we got you here, did you have any thoughts on it? On like, on the petition itself, what do you think the result is gonna be? No, no, no. Just, just very short form. 'cause he hasn't been here and you know, he has a very unique point of view. Okay.


I'll be quick about this. I think it's a mistake. I've talked to some people in this camp and I, I'm, I'm worried for him. I'll say that. Really? Okay. Very, Very. You ain't gotta go into detail. Okay. Yeah. Very worried. Settle fast both sides. Yeah. Well when you're suing for up to multiple billions of dollars in, y'all talked about it, but like when the Chinese owns 20% of UMG and Bill Acme, this is like to layers even the culture point. If we don't own any of the labels or media, what culture ta Tencent owns the majority of the ben biggest beneficiaries of the shit like they're Chinese.


And for to be suing for two and 3 billion and knowing what that catalog is worth, man, it's, it's some scary shit. Michael Jackson, man all Over again. Not, not as big. And I know people clown that, but like somebody in this camp was like, yo, that's it. If something happens to him. No it wasn't. Yo, I was not accidental. I wanna move from it. But I said that pods, pods, pods go. Yes. I said get out the game. This is your moment to get out, Exit out the Game. Exit out. Got it. We've seen it happen to people who had way more leverage Way power. Just stop Whitney, Michael, I would hate to see that be your ending. Gotcha. That's dark. Yeah, that's, that's pretty tar. Sorry. Yo, one of his homeboys is like, yo, if if he goes in a boat an accident, he don't even like being on boats.


Pray for him. Damn. It's the first message. I was like, what? He like This shit is deeper than Yeah, we Gotta Yeah, yeah. Pick out. We deal with that. Yeah, we listen. We don't judge. Yes. Listen. And we don't judge. Cam Newton is not marrying Jazzy. Hey, shout to K. Hey women say they want, honestly just wake it up. Hey. Oh, clapping It is. Oh, just me and You. All right. My bad, my bad. I'm just saying like, Shout to Jazzy. She's an amazing person. What's, what's Wrong with that? I don't think there's nothing wrong with it, but, but a lot of people feel like, what's the backstory here? Jazzy Cam Newton. Yes. Jazzy. What is is currently?


Well shit. Okay. I don't know. He, his most recent child was born and the mother is Jasmine Brown. AKA watch Jazzy on Instagram. Okay. And she was a well-known comedian and influencer on Instagram. And then they got together and She's in Love it. She's in love. Yeah. They Have a good thing going. They have a, they have a works for them. They Got, It works for them. They got a thing going that, that apparently works for them. A lot of people have called her out for being a hypocrite for shaming the type of woman that she seemingly has become.


And so what, who was he interviewing when he based The, the Cheyenne Bryant lady? Listen, the doctor and Cheyenne Bryant lady came in. She said all that shit to him. Somebody, No, it was somebody different. I'm, I'm talking from at that moment, the initial one, the initial interview started where she came in saying all that shit, thinking it was supposed to have an effect on how he moved in his household and thinking at the woman that he was with at the time was gonna be affected by that. She came out and made the statement clear. Me and him talk. I know how he lives. I know what he's into. I'm fine with that. It seems like ever since then everyone's trying to convince her to be anything different than every, Everybody was mad and offended for her. Yeah. What I don't think that Dr. Bryant was trying to make him do or say or become Anything. She was ashamed. She was trying to shame. I don't Think she, He asked her, he asked her pointed questions and she answered him just like Nick asked her questions when she went on his show and she answered him, that lady A fraud.


But we'll get to that Another time. Stop. Yeah. Do you feel like watch Jazzy put her career to the back burner for Cam Newton? By all appearances? By all appearances, yes. Do I know that for a fact? No, this what was her Career? I just said she was a, she was a very, very, very, very, very successful influencer she had. She was, yes. Like campaigns with Savage Fenty and whatnot. Amazing. She was on the road. She had, you know, tours and shit like that. She was a comedian. She was, I Don So she was successful When she caught Cam was a, a better investment. I'm not speaking of her business. I love her love Cam. That is not for me to decide. I don't know what, I don't know what their circumstances are.


I don't know. I do not know what her bank account looks like because she's with him. I have no clue. No, you cannot make an as. What we do up here is a soul. You can't make that assumption. Why not? You can't make that assumption. She Happy in love, Do some, do some. She Looks happy and in love. Do Some women leave. But, But, but to the question that you asked me. Okay, this might be where she was in life where she wanted to slow down and have a baby and she met a man that she fell in love with and this is what her choice was. So I cannot say that she derailed her own career because this might be part of her plan. I don't know. And You a hundred percent support her in that. Listen what? She don't make me shit. Hey, you like it? I Love it. Got it. It's not the decisions I would make for myself.


How do you feel about him not Marrying, he wouldn't make those decisions. I I clearly did not. She had a lot of opportunities she didn't. Nigga, that's male nigga. Who's that? I did. She did Nigga. She burst outta that shit. Come on. I'm not, I'm not. We have a grown up conversation. We have a grown up conversation. So you wouldn't lock man of the basement. You wouldn't trade in your career for happiness. That's an assumption that I'm not currently happy. And that's an assumption that I don't really try to live with any level of regret. So looking back at, you know, making an alternate, alternate choice and it resulting in happiness is, is literally something that nobody could actually answer.


It just, you know, her choices. I would never make them. I've had the opportunity in front of me and I did not take it. 'cause that to me did not look like happiness. Didn't look like happiness. Alright. So it was definitely not my, it was not for my, it was not my path. Okay. So if, if your definition of happiness was, let's say sitting at home painting, right? Sitting at home painting all day and you were able to leave your career for that, would you do It? I think, I think the vast majority of us are doing shit to pay our fucking bills. Right. But what we'd really like to be doing doesn't pay our fucking bills. Okay. So that has nothing. So whether it's a relationship falling in love, getting the two, the the 2.5 kids and the white picket fence and the fucking mate that loves you, maybe that's a version or fucking, I don't know, raking leaves in fucking Central Park, whatever.


Yes, there's definitely things I would like to be on a yacht being fucking fanned by niggas in Speedos with fucking fig leaves and feeding me fucking cherries. That is what I'd like to be doing like right now. And I think that would make me very, very happy. So that, so that would be your definition of happiness. I'm I'm, I'm literally, I'm just trying to be funny. Oh, I'm literally trying to be funny. If you could I dare anybody, anybody to say that if they were that they would not be very happy right now on a yacht on the, in the south of fucking France. Well, no, if you could do that I wouldn't. And have your bills paid, Would you do it? Would you do it? Yeah, probably. So. Yeah. So my original question was whatever your version of happiness is, would you give your career up for that?


For that, whatever that thing may be. Again, for you it could be, yo, I'm going to get a farm in Montana for ice. It could be, I'm gonna watch my daughter get raised and play video games and do whatever the fuck put Parks. It could be, yo, I don't want to do podcasts and I just wanna sit in the studio with the greatest of the greatest musicians in the world and do that. The scary, The scariest part not to coach you, but the scariest part about That is if you're able to, to achieve that on your own, that's one thing. But to have to rely on someone else giving you that A totally different thing, It is totally different. Because that can be snatched away because it can be taken. So I'm gonna be honest with you, I don't want that. Yeah. Because I'm never gonna really be happy. 'cause I'm gonna always be wondering when at some point Could the rock potentially be snatched?


Yeah. And in that situation, Cam's already made it clear. I'm not willing to commit on that level. So this might be happiness for her now where I got the guy who can take care of everything, boom, boom, boom. We gotta together. You don't want to no more. But what Happens when Or the money run out? You know What I'm saying? So for me, when I hear people say that, yo, I wanna be on a, you know, I know you joking about niggas feeding you cherries and all that, but no She mean that. No, she mean That part. She mean That. Yeah. She want two big bump Ass Nigga. Yeah. I would like to Be, I would like to be on the yacht, you know, getting fed Fed What Nigga new too. Yeah. Getting fed. Great spot Of bitches. Stop. I'm just, I just Speedo who buff Niggas with Speedo on. Fuck you nigga leaf. I had no clue. I Don like that and you sing to them.


Chill out. Look your at certain stop. But at a certain point I would be laying there. Yo. Fuck you BD remix. I be nasty nigga. That's what it's about. Oh my. You my man, my dog. I fuck with you My man. Yo, yo, listen, stop, stop. Let's stop. At some point you gonna be singing Little Mermaid a part of your world. We saw Schu name. No wonder you was Division Schultz. Shit. Schultz. I'm coming up there. That fucked up a e. Now listen, you had a record called a TL up there. Oh E we got here to Judge Gang.


Oh yeah, yeah. Gang. Truth. Stop. Stop. We not here to judge your body. Your choice. Stop guys. We are not here to judge you. Stop. If you want niggas to feed you cherries and speedos while you single, what's The game? We, we listen when don't, don't judge. That's we love by pants you wearing, You might be the nigga that want them to feed you. Hey yo, listen, listen. Not me. I don't want to be on it yet. I'm, I'm afraid of water. Me too. I'm afraid of water. Me too. Carlito. All I'm saying as exactly at, at a certain point, at a certain don't like boat, all that shit that you do in that leisure time of you being happy at a certain point that becomes redundant. Yeah. At a certain point you want to do something else. The the biggest thing that I've felt success and happiness in is actually being challenged every day to do some shit that I'm not used to doing.


Nigga don't get, yo, I Told nigga I let y'all joke too much. That's the problem. One, one day I'm gonna come Up here. Oh man, Nah, but at a certain point in life in achieving things and your real happiness is being able to do those things for yourself. So no matter how much he may give her, how many babies he can give her, how much he may be able to put in her pocket. Happiness has to look like what it looks like for her And everything. Ain't always a matter of being put on a plateau to say, here go do it. Some people wanna be able to say, I did that shit tomorrow. I did it all. Yeah. I mean it's relative. Some people, you know, she pushed out the babies. So that's, that's my ticket to the happiness.


Like I was just take, I was trying to take it off like off of her. Like everybody's level of happiness is different, you know what I'm saying? And if, if if me, I ain't have to work no more and I could go do whatever the fuck I wanted to go do that I saw as happiness. If I sit in the house and play chess every day against some of the best motherfuckers in the world and I looked at that as being happy. That's what my version of happiness is. See if I take, if I take flip, let's just say I take flip. Right, exactly. I didn't know that was your passion. But Let's just say I take flip for example. Hold on. Can I, can I see the bottom of your sneaker Again? Real? It got shit on it. No this nigga got a bullet and it sneakers son. You lying. Bullet shit. Wait, What? What say still did I Have shit on my shoes? Live up the bottom of your shoe. Looked at it.


You got a bullet On the bottom of your shoes dude. You a bullet. Live up the bottom of your shoe. Take your shoe off y'all. Come on. Come on. I hate when you do this Iani. Go head yo dog. Get away from me. Hey y'all Get yo Christ. Fuck that. Oh Shit. Who got shit on they shoe? Flip. Well that's attack. That's attack aint shooting nigga. I'm not you Aki. Yo. The nigga glued. Hold on. He tried to keep his shoe together nigga. You went to the, what's the nigga that threw This shit? You went to the old, you taking this white shit a little bit too far. You went to the old white man that fixed the shoe and he hammered it in.


No It is. This shit fix. Your shit is man. That's true. I thought that was shit. It is. I like damn nigga It is Lot shit on they shoe at 40 Something years old. Think you got key bottles in your car. Nigga got key bottles in. Look, they gonna think he telling the truth too. I thought you telling the truth. I I thought he was too. I definitely thought, I thought you nigga you be busy Nigga and sometimes Apartments Them houses you building don't have working toilets yet. Yeah, True. You put toilet Outside or you could piss in a bottle if You stuck in Your nice car and I'm just leave them in there. I'm gonna piss at a whole bunch of bottles in traffic. Yeah, no need. Just waiting to go get that part of the bridge where they all throw theirs. You want, you gotta check your pancreas, whatever That is.


The, your prostate, whatever that shit is. Pancreas. Hey yo dog reading is, is fundamental. See gonna do nigga. How the fuck you call j Nigga went to college. I didn't. No he got books. You just, yeah you go ain't go college that know some shit. Exactly. I don't give a fuck what this nigga say nigga. He's crazy. But what I'm saying is that I went in your car, you got a Yeah, you crazy. Just like this. I went in this nigga car. He got a thousand bottles in there. He'll tell you. Am I lying about that? He's not lying. Well Come on. Okay. You spill pea coffee on my pants nigga. And you promised to pay for the drycleaning bill and you didn't. Let's talk about shit like that. When a nigga say He eat coffee, That shit was nasty nigga. He said, oh sorry. He tried to wipe me off.


He tried to wipe me Down. Wait. Oh you, He ain In a paper cup. Joy, a styrofoam. It was old. It was old coffee but he tried to wipe me off. Yo, yo, you yo Did. He was a gentleman. Oh. Oh he wasn't rough with it. I Said, I said gimme the Shit man. He was soft with it. Nah, he was a nigga off was it was a Kleenex. Kleenex. Yeah. It wasn't good. Oh. Hit with the Kleenex. It wasn't good. It is not good at all man. Oh man. Any of the fellas. Would you give up your career for love and be a stay at home? No, No, no, No. Love. Don't pay the bills. No, but if you Would, you would. Come on let's talk me and you Would. I yeah, absolutely. I would. JLo come back. You take care of you. You stay home.


It, it would have to be provisions in there for, you know what I'm saying, prenup or whatever the opposite of a prenup is. I'm saying this, I I make my own bread. So let's just say hypothetically, I I ran into a woman that was had was up, up, up, up J-Lo. Anybody that I fell in love with, let say J-Lo though. Alright, Jennifer Lopez. If I fell in love with Jennifer Lopez personality, all that other shit and I was single and I was fucking with her like that, would I stay home and be you? Yeah. You Gotta be in love. Yeah. You fucking aint right. Yeah but bigger than that, I'm gonna still be doing what I'm doing from home. Imma still be in doing that. That that's what makes me happy. No. Oh we know E No luck needed. No, no Mooch saying That.


No I agree with, I agree with E. Like if you sit there like we can give up our careers and shit like that and be there for love. But then you become, you become a dependent, dependent. But not only dependent, you become stagnant. Stagnant and Yeah she gonna swap me outs Word I'm looking for. I'm looking for what She gonna swap me out. She gonna But look, look, you Become, I can't stay home and Do nothing. I'm gonna be 14 buildings up when she swapped. I don't Believe nobody in here would do that. I Don't, I wouldn't. I Believe everybody in here, everybody in here. If they had 20 million in their wallet, I mean in their account, whatever. I think everyone has shown that Big wallet. I think everyone in has shown. Yeah. You become com that you Want to achieve shit. You Become complacent.


Complacent. Yeah. Yeah. Complacent. I was trying to use that As an example. I see you as someone where you, no matter how much money you getting, you always trying to do some next shit. You look like you enjoy doing what you're doing. Yes. Yeah. So in that, in those spaces, I don't see you getting 20 million tomorrow and then saying Oh I got 20 million. I'm gonna This shit, I'm good. I'm Chilling. Yeah. I can't do that. That's what I'm saying. I Don, I don't think anybody Up here is showcases. No, no. What's your stance? No. Oh Shit. What? Oh I think Mel thinks like me on this and Ice. If you had 20 mil. Yes. Bye. You still working In a different way? Yeah, She's working.


She's working. I'm agreeing with that. That's what I'm saying. She's, but I ain't gonna be, I'm jail. Listen I at that point, money's working for me. That's what I'm gonna be having. My money's working for me. That nigga got customs. Keep going like this A nigga. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What nigga Doing what? What doing what? They pushing stamp. What Doing at customs. Whatcha doing? Do it again. A nigga got custom. Doing what nigga? What? Doing, Getting what's with children nigga at customs when he stamping the passport. But why you going right there doing why You right here with St. I'm D st You nigga. My bad. Exactly. You nigga.


That's how I gotta, You got a stamp like this dummy, not like this like you getting face off stamp. That's not how they Stamp. Oh it's another st. Oh the other stamp, the flat stamp. They Pushed the thing down with they palm it's up. Right bro. Now we know now some of the Caribbeans got the shit to look. You tell them they got This shit down Mount. Tell Shit you hold like this mount. Don't do it Both. Oh good And great. Thank you. It's both. It is. I know the, when you go through the Caribbean islands they got like this, you know. Oh. But then There it's like, but when you really travel Oh Shit. Yeah. Little Island. You they got that. They got that over there. They Little shit.


Okay, I Got It. You get off the airplane, gotta walk in the airport. Oh Shit. Outside and then a hundred degrees. Oh yeah. Yeah. That was some bull. I didn did that. Oh you Had walked out the airplane outside You head. That was No, that's what you be out Nigga. Huh? Yo, you one of them. You the Andrew. You the Andrew Schultz of of the construction company nigga you the Andrew Schultz of that. You be around Mad Makers and cut they ass. Stop. Stop bro. They're my y'all brothers. They're not your y'all brothers. Some nigga worth for you reach out to me. They say you cool and you tip, but you used to be talking bullshit. Yo. Lemme get some coa bread or you, you talking some bullshit stopped that. Yeah. You bring a Guinness and all that. Yeah, I heard.


I Heard about you too. I know you did. I did. Yeah. You don't think that's, you don't think that there should be some sort of a, I guess it's comfortability, right? If you're around somebody and you Comfortable No, I just think that if I was, I'm comfortable with Paul. I'll crack a joke of course, but I'm a hypocrite. Paul wouldn't try to crack a joke with me 'cause he's respectful. But I have heard white people crack black jokes and shit like that. And I look at them like, but I could do it. I don't Know. Duh. I got, I got workers that works for me. They crack on black people. Oh, white. No, not white. I don't have no black. Wait, wait, what are they? I don't even think I got no white workers. You can't, you discriminate. Nah, Just you can't afford the topnotch workers. Right? Say Make some top notch.


I'm asking him notch because notch. So you saying white better top notch. I feel Jamaicans do the best work nigga. So why? So why you say yo, you Can't afford. No, I'm asking him how you feel about white workers. So what if he got the top notch then If He got the Jamaicans. All right, good salute. Yeah, Fix it up. Go ahead It up. I think Jamaicans are the, are the best workers. Dress It up, nigga Jamaicans and you know the other ones. What's the other one? What's the other ones? So with, we don't know, get canceled if you want to, don't do it. Start with M right. They related to you. I'm other side. I'm the other side. They were hard. They were hard. Ooh, that's Not true. Oh man. Anyway, they don't work. Who don't work hard. It's not true Man. You guys, you guys, you see you guys got problems with the migrants.


That's why y'all saying that. Trying to say but who don't work hard nigga? I don't know what you're talking about. The Mexicans work hard. They do extremely hard. Jamaicans work hard. Everybody works hard. But we talking about the specific group of people. Mexicano work hard nigga for hours with they hands no breaks. Hey yo, take all this whole shit down. See yo rappy though. Yo. Is that what you think get want lunch? I Don. Is that what you think? You a niggas lunch? It's like a million dollars in Man. That's your man. That's your True yo Parks no Mexican people work hard. So tell me, you keep saying this.


Tell me why am I wrong? You, I'm just letting you talk. Everybody works hard except I think once you get complacent and you get comfortable, then your Work. Have you, have you ever found a complacent Mexican? I finish dog. Your work ethic dies down. So they come here. A lot of people come here from other countries. They bust they ass when they first get here and then the lazy Americanism sits, sets in. And now them niggas is doing the same exact bullshit that everybody else does, bro. Who do you mainly hire? Like, like if you see after I had to go by ethnicity? Yeah, like, like what's been like the norm of the West Indian people for the most part and then a bunch of South American people. Some Portuguese. But for the most part we Western.


I try to, for all intents and purposes, all jokes aside, I try to keep it as black as I can. Hey yo Ish. I saw a drunk Mexican. I saw Italian Mexican. I saw a hungry Mexican. I saw a thirsty Mexican. But I never saw a lazy Mexican. Not at all. At all. I know. No, I didn't see it. We had that whole conversation about they see you late. I'm sorry yo, I'm not just no, I'm giving them credit. I, because they take pride into their work. They take pride in their work. Regardless of what you wanna say, what you're not, one person could do a whole garden by themselves by digging. They can, they can yo something wrong. One person could do a whole room by themselves and, and, and they won't take any breaks because they, they are proud of the work that they do.


It may come off as offensive. Well, hey Los five, four, You Mexican now not yet. Shout to your I'm Down with Let's go. I'm down nigga. Crazy. Yo say what's some Jamaicans right? When they first come here, nigga, they gotta work and they want to get to it. They wanna send money back home. They wanna send barrels back home. They wanna build the crib back home nigga. Them niggas work hard, no breaks or nothing. Nigga they play they fucking Bob Marley music in the fucking stereo and they fucking get it done. I seen it. Yeah. My man right now doing the studio right now, nigga no breaks. Nigga, nigga he took the shit down fixing the studio that went and did another jar for 700 and came back.


Nigga, no lunch break. He lied to say he was going for lunch. That's the shit they do. Jamaican money. He went and built a, a whole nother minutes and paint somewhere. He showed me the pictures flexion. I'm like, yo, Ian crazy. We got got a problem I think drove a park and did the whole shit. Yeah. Drove back. It was me here. That's what I'm, what I'm saying is that I agree with Ish, when people first come here, first of all they look at Americans like we are lazy. Americans are, we are. And a lot of times we complain about the jobs that they take. We are, we complain about the, the migrants or people, immigrants or whomever's taking our jobs. But we don't want the jobs. We don't want that shit. We not doing that shit. We too good. We too good for we're not going outside to do the bricks. We not going outside to clean.


Well some of the people that, oh we'll do it, they clean. We're not doing it for the amount. Not for that. That's what It is. We'll do it. We over charge. Right. What Overcharged you? They can't even make no money. Like, you know what now mom, I'm gonna go over here. Where's Is capitalism really bad? It's not. Oh Shit. Got we Got it. Finish. And not capitalism, but is it good? Yes. Let's go uncheck Unchecked capitalism. The capital is Uncheck capitalism. Uncheck capitalism. But that's not capital. We added the word to it. We just go capitalism. That's how capitalism that's where we're at operates. Paul, He don't need, he don't need help. Box. Greed and capitalism are synonymous. I Don. Oh Shit. No, I'm not Talking. You said they are not. They're not. They always have been. They're not. Country was built upon greed, greedy capitalism.


True. The concept itself is, It is not based in greed. The concept is not based in greed. The concept. You wanna talk textbook or what's actually happening? Textbook the we aren't living in the textbook world. I know. So what I'm saying is the textbook definition of capitalism. Somebody could be a capitalist and not be greedy and you could succeed and not be greedy. Can we Get the definition of capital? Capital? I'm about capitalism. Listen to this. Got it. Hold On Mel. Got it. Come on. Capitalism is an economic system where private individuals or organizations own the means of production and the prices of goods and services are determined by supply and demand. In a free market, in a capitalist society or system, the government has a limited role protecting the rights of private citizens and maintaining an orderly environment for markets to function.


Emphasis on free market. Which there is no such thing as fake. Right? True. So then we we don't live in the textbook definition of capitalism. Never have No, we we do and we don't. Don One, one more thing. Capitalist economies are known for the, for their dyna Dyna Get sound out. Use your finger. It is okay. Take Your time. Take your time. I think I Dynamism. Oh yeah. And innovations. But they can also be unstable and generate financial crisis job, job insecurity and failures to include the disadvantaged By design. In order for capitalism to work, you need 85% of the people in a country or state to fail.


Oh Shit. Shout to BlackRock and Vanguard. That's what I do for a living though. Look, this is what I do. This is truth though. No, I I think that theoretically capitalism can't work. I think that just when you introduce it into humans and emotions come into play, it's like saying all of us have a job. Right? Could we all get more money here? Possibly. But that's not necessarily the the, if you gonna work for a wage, be careful what you saying. Like if I, if I tell flip yo do X, y, Z for a day, I'm gonna give you a hundred dollars for the day. Could I afford to pay flip one 50? Yes. I might be able to afford to pay for flip one 50.


So you think flip is a Mexican? I Don chill. Oh my bad. They don't work for a hundred dollars a day. You racist. They don't. Yo listen anyway. Puerto Rican, they ain't listen, my my oldest son is half Mexican. I can make that joke. They know their value. Okay. Short. Yeah. Yeah. They don't, they ain't cheap no more. They know their value. Pull up at Right, Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead. You tell me no. So I could afford, I could afford to pay flip $200 a day. I could have might be able to afford to pay flip $300 a day. But I'm paying flip a hundred dollars a day. And if he's willing to work for it and if he's willing to work for a hundred dollars a day then and That is the market now That is being set. Whatever flip skill sets are the the, the median price for those skill sets is a hundred dollars a day.


That is being set by somebody not outside of me That is being set by a market. That's where the free market he's talking about. It's kind of fake. But could I pay him 300? Yeah. I don't, 'cause he ain't asked for $300 a day. Now if he asked for 300, but now it's my choice whether I think his skill sets are capable of getting 300 or somebody else with his same exact skill sets might work for a buck and a quarter. This is the real life, real world that we Live in. But if you know he's worth 300, this is the whole Drake. What's the value of a stream? True. Why does title No, that's not the that's the difference. I Don Love it. He love How Is the difference? Because the streams are not necessarily being quantified correctly.


The streams Are less. They have been, the data hasn't been given to the public. My point. Okay. So flip can go around the market and get the market price for what his skill sets allow a rapper or another nigga can't necessarily have the information given to them about what their worth is. That's why Meek Mill said, yo, he took forever to find out what he made off of a song because that information is just not privy to them. Flip could go around and ask the other dudes in his industry, yo, what you getting a day? What you getting a today? What you getting a today like that? But if you're willing to pay him 100 when you know it's worth three, who Said it's worth three? The market dictates what he's worth. Who who dictates the market? And That's why I said it's fake. The market is the general consensus of what a producer or Engineer makes.


I could aspire to drive the price down as a greedy, capitalist or true. So I'm talking about the not individual members. You're talking about from macro. I'm I'm talking about the macro economic societal framework that depresses majority. Like even the financial crashes, which is like my favorite time to invest. Those are get 'em low done. If I made you please put yes in check love yo By design It is done by, It is done By design. We're agreeing on That. I'm talking about theoretically that people that are oppressing everybody, they don't have to do that. That is greed that makes them do that. Like yo, we already got 20 billion. We want 40 billion. Well The problem is that the the Well we don't wanna be complacent. The caveat in the capitalism about being checked by the government does not really work the government Capitalism especially because no, you know why?


Because when I go to 40 million, I'm a pay Parks that sits on this board that's supposed to check me and thats The lobby in Comes of the Im my pay Parks to not check me look other way. So theoretically This shit ain't as It is gre when the emotions and the people get into it that make that happen. For sure. That's stop trying to crack me yo. Man put your muffin shit away today. I'm here. Don't Do that shit. My Always open yo. You My Guy. Oh you turn the stove on? Mm. You My Man. You my guy. You my man. I definitely wanna do that. Yeah. Oh, so when somebody is as as intelligent as you, you, you, You he cowers Still healthy.


Cowers stalemate. But if it was me nigga you're try to like either me or crack my mothers My mother not he made valid points. I made valid points. We came to You say that Chicky Nugg shit. Say it to Him. Chicky. Nugg. He eat so much. Come on. That's my dog. Eat well done steak. Listen enough with that friend fry. You know that's an insult though. When I go home It is like you talking about Mel being a bully. You a bully. I'm far from when I go home and think about like how you be like French fry, nugg, everything I say you don't instead of helping me like my great, You know how much shit you say to me About your intellect, about Anything. Anything I say to you is It is just made out the air. Not something that you lacking.


You just told people I pissed in Cups Bottle pee bottles in your car. You are lying but it's okay. How much bottles you got in your car right now nigga? Real nigga. Shit, because you ain't gonna lie to me. About seven or eight, seven to eight fucking bottles on the floor. Empty bottles. Not with piss in them. Now how many nigga, why the fuck won you recycle them nigga? I don't like littering be all jokes aside. That's why Litter. So I just throw It on My side. You recycling to pee Bottle. That's why they pee. That's why you pee in the bottle. You don't want it literate. You keep it in the car. Piss Outside. Reduce, reuse, recycle. Yeah outside littering Nigga It is pissing that turnpike outside. No traffic key too. No It dog. It's the shoulder. Right? Yeah I know.


What the fuck the Fuck is wrong with you? Yo, I ain't no Ethan. Yo. A music question Is Freddie Gibbs rapping better than j Cole in 2024? I seen you post that. No, but Freddie Gibbs is amazing. No, that album Ain't bad. No. Freddy went crazy Crazy. He went crazy on that album dog. But I don't think he raps Better than Jake Cole. He's not rapping better than Cole. Jake Cole is a stretch Though. With all due respect. He's great. No, He went crazy. He went crazy. But he's Great. Yeah. You saying just in this year? Just this year? Not overall. Not saying overall. You're just saying this is 20 because did Project Versus Mike delete later you say still No, I First time that that shit with daylight in them is, Oh, he went crazy. He went Absolutely Crazy. Crazy. We talking about consistently for a whole year in the pro.


I'm not gonna lie, it's a, it's a good conversation. It is a conversation. Gibbs has been consistent. Gibb been going, his projects have been fire. That 30 girlfriend shit. Ooh boy. Kobe been consistent just outside of the one little apology joint. He dropped the project and it was consistent raping but Outta 12 months, was this project better than anything Gibbs dropped this year? Yes. Think you don't count. You think so? No. I think, I think Gibb's album was Better than I I think Mike de delete later is Tide Ish with with the Gibbs project. Yeah. I think they neck, They're Neck Connect. They Neck connect the eighth, the eight Ish or so. Songs that I love on Mike Delete later are super duper fired. There's just a couple, there's some duds on there. Give Shit Was just Gives Is solid all the way through.


All the way through. But there wasn't as many, the highs weren't as high to me as as highs on, I'm Gonna say it. I'm gonna say it since you ask the question. You want that you want Definitive, Want, Definitive answer? I don't think so. I love both of them. Yeah, I'm going with Gibbs. This shit. I Fuck that too. I might have to too. Sorry. When I Love it, I might have Love Jacob, Love Jayco. But when I start lining up the projects song for song verse for verse, I might Have to, I don't think either answer is particularly wrong. I just feel like Cole has been, I Forgot about that daylight verse now. Overall stupid. Overall. I would never go ahead and say It. Yeah, never shout. But Gibbs had an amazing year. He Did. Underrated It. Is There anything else in music? It was a quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet week. I don't know if I downloaded the album.


Me either. Okay. I said anything Out. That's that time of year. We're not gonna get shit until, nah, Everybody Chilling. No, no. Everybody Chilling right now. You gotta get some Christmas albums. Ever Since, ever, ever, ever since Drake put that ride coming, niggas been falling back. Just, just seeing what? Seeing what's happening next. Whoa. No, I don't. I don't think. Maybe in one case a little bit, ice was telling me about Auburn one in particular. Yes. Yeah. But Why isn't music selling as well? Like I've seen some artists do 15 th Streams Should be trash. I think for the most part, I don't think the goal is It is the sound. The shift has been away from selling albums. I think now It is. We saying Artist to 9,015, people Don't make Albums.


They're not making albums for long true consumption no more. I'm also get you three or four records that's gonna go on this playlist and that's what we living off of. There's been some albums that sold, well this year Kendrick did what? A Buck Tyler sixties. Tyler, second year, Tyler Tyler. But Tyler been cooking. These are the big, But look at Thoses consistently. Those are, but we're talking about Outliers, album house, what I'm talking about. The construction of those albums are really thought out. They're themes. These are the artists. These are artists who really push the envelope in making projects, but Already of the field are making songs to get put on playlists to last for a couple weeks and they're coming back doing it again. A majority of artists are not even, even if they're not specifically targeting playlists or radio, they're not necessarily putting their all into it because it doesn't return the value.


I'm not gonna spend two years fucking obsessing over every little noise, every little case. I use my rap when This shit is gonna disappear In two weeks. Spending all these money for these fucking engineers to make This shit sound Crazy. Shit. I don't like that though. I don't like that. Because if you look at Doshi, right? Very new artist album nominated, Not as new. Easy To do that. Easy to do that when it's your first. I Get that. But if you listen to her, she talks about how she created that project and, and all that stuff. Sh nothing about her album plays like a playlist. Even though every song doesn't tie into each other. It still sounds like a thought out project. It does though. She's TDE, she got push. That's a good point. It's different. Yeah. They don't do that over there.


They subscribe to artistry. TDE as a whole, nobody from TDE. Yeah. Puts out quick consumption playlist music. That's true. Okay. They don't Allow it. I don't like, I don't what you I don't like that. Don't get me wrong. Don't get me wrong. Gimme an example. Don't get me wrong. I do think that TDE 100% wants you to do that. But when you listen to certain people speak, I don't ever think that she came into the game thinking she was gonna be like everybody else creating projects, playlists and shit. She seems like, it seems like they're, she's an artist at all. They're following behind. They get these type of artists because that's what they want. But I don't wanna go ahead and make it seem like it's a TDE thing that very much to me, She might have never got picked up by another label that wasn't focused on artists.


What I'm Saying, they have built that artistic Culture. Them niggas are Yeah. They play shit. It matters over there. So the quality matters. You gotta be, if, if you chasing a quick joint, this ain't Saying Okay, so if so, alright, cool. So let's just say if people are seeing that formula work, right? Because it's working even to this, even to AB Souls project. Yeah. It might not be doing the numbers. They're not chasing numbers but Go ahead. But it's having the influence and people are really responding to it. Correct. Why won't other artists follow the same route? Because, But yeah. Other Labels I need to follow to a label. Yeah. Not just that I need a different bro, I gotta pay the bills. Yeah. Yeah. You know we had reason sit up here and told where he was like, yo, I got like yo dog, I need to get this out. Yeah.


Y'all have stopped me from getting this out. I need to tour. I got to, I got, yeah. Yeah. He said that everybody can't wait the five years to put out a project and alright. Trust in the, believe the system and everybody can't do that. True. Some people are, yo, I need to hit now and we need to get this out. We need to get this out. We need to get this out because now I can get the road. Now I can sell some merch. Now I could do this. Now I could do this. I need to live outside with my music and, and a bunch of the labels want money. That too. They don't give a fuck about your artistry nigga. Go ahead and beat my artistry jou over there. We need such and such over. I Don say no Names. I guess the con, I guess the con the conversation changes for me. 'cause at that point then I'm just thinking short term versus long term when when you get into the game really trying to be in the game and yeah you might get those one couple of records, boom, boom, boom.


But you know, eventually that's going to fizz out. Like that's which is why a lot of people today are using now I go acting, I go acting. I wanna get, I wanna get here brand, I get hot and now I'm pop off over here. Now I went and got a deal here, I got this, I'm in the movie here I got X, Y, Z. Well that goes because there ain ain't no music, ain't no money in This. Music goes back. That goes back to Ian's initial question of why aren't out because people aren't really in This shit for the actual music aspect. Yeah. Yeah. That's a larger part. No one wants to actually be an artist anymore And the fans aren't demanding that. That's true too. Nigga. We just had J Cole who was arguably number one, right? Hmm. He's up there. He's up there.


He's in a different stratosphere. He Yes. Jay-Z walked over to Drake and said, yo, by the way, well this was 10 years ago. That was 10 years, 15 years ago. Ago ago. Yeah. That's not, he was a artist 10 years ago. He wasn't chasing numbers, he wasn't chasing whatever the case may be. He was chasing the hit yo G. Get him one. He needed it. He was chasing the hit. He needed it. Yeah. Why? It's power ation. He was chasing, he was chasing the hit. Right. Chasing the hit. He needed hit. Why did he Need it to expose people to the lar larger body that he was creating? Not just because we need to get some money off of him, but we need to expand his, we need to expand his reach. And the best way to expand his reach is by getting a hit to attract people to actually listen to the album. Bro, A lot of people look at it like this here, bro, if I'm a chef and yes I could whip up some incredible shit that takes me a long time, but if I could just do some quick minute bullshit and y'all are going to eat it and still sell a chicken nugget, I'm going with the cheese, I'm gonna go this easier route.


Cool. And I'm just gonna keep selling y'all this. Cool. That sounds like a restaurant that's open for about five, six months until people realize there's some around The corner or McDonald's or Wendy's. Very Very few McDonald's though. For sure. For sure. Very few people create a McDonald's. Don't get me wrong. There are, I hear what you're saying. Look. But they have had fast food products that are selling shit. Everybody knows it's shit. But it fills you up for right now. Yeah. For right now. And you, you hungry again an hour later. Cool. Two hours later and they have had a or a hundred year run. I get enough people in here buying this, but now I'm selling them fucking a sauce that we made. That'ss nine sauce is flying off the shelf or I'm selling nine, 9 cents.


They're not even here for the, for the bullshit food no more. They're here for this. Even With that, the issues that the music industry having to the McDonald's point, McDonald's make the majority of the money off real estate. We know about your food. Here You go of what? Here you Go. You always The big thing on it for real estate, One of of the Biggest, that's why you see music, more tech and data. You said I you said I'm the one up here being smooth nigga talk like Billy B. Williams. Yeah, my bad. You know, Hey yo, enough with the music, we get it. I understand right now a jury is in deadlock when it comes to Danielle Penny. Yeah. Penny. Penny. Penny Penny.


Yeah. Danielle Penny. It is a deadlocked jury right now. Those of you don't know Danielle Penney was a man who choked out another man who was acting erratic on the subway station in the train station. So you choked Him out. Jordan Neely. Jordan Neely. Thank you ma'am. And he choked him out and he ended up dying. And right now the jury is in deadlock. They can't, you know, can you help us with that man please. Yeah. He faces a manslaughter charge in the subway Chokehold death of Jordan Neely. But right now the jury's deciding his fate and they've informed the judge that they cannot reach a uni unanimous verdict. Verdict on the top charge. Let's see here.


What's The top Charge? The top, the top charge is a manslaughter charge. That's the top. Yeah. Yeah. It was never second degree. You lying. It was never second degree murder. Mm. Never. It was manslaughter. He can face up to 15 years in jail. The judge gave the 12 jurors an Allen charge where the jurors are encouraged to hash out their differences and reach a unanimous verdict in order to avoid a mistrial. So he was charged with manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide. He can't be murder and he is pleaded not guilty to the charges. And prosecutors contend that Penny used too much force on Neely for too long. While his defense team argues that he was acting in defense of both himself and fell fellow passengers.


Which is Bullshit. It can't be murder 'cause you need motive and intent for murder. He ain't necessarily have a motive when he entered on the train. Can't be murdered. Gotta be manslaughter. I feel bad, I used to see that guy all the time too. Jordan Neely. Yeah, he Was a MJ impersonator. Really? So he would be on to square a lot. Yeah, I'm, I used to, you know, he did have moments where down there, you know, people would fuck with him. So I'm not sure like if he was an erratic person, but I do remember seeing instances of him, you know, getting to a couple Things. He was schizophrenic. Yeah. But then as you learn that, but with, with the, with the guy who, what's his name? Daniel Penny. Daniel Penny. Yeah. It was a six minute long choke hold.


Yeah. At what point does that now not come into effect? And then also his like wasn't he he like a Marine or Something? He was a Marine and, and the prosecution brought up as a witness, the person who trained him in choke holds. So he knows how to, how to perform one. And he knows at what point somebody will go limp and they are just unconscious and when it can become versus keeping It Perform. Thats What I'm saying. Exactly. And that to me is the difference. I agree. He held onto him, him for six minutes. Agree. He knew what he was doing. And then when they searched Jordan Neely, they found he had no weapons on him. He, I think he had like a muffin in his pockets. And so, and also he was just like, oh he was, you know, he was scaring a pregnant woman.


She was like, yeah, no he didn't. That's What the lady said. Yes. So she was also called as a witness. The thing is dog, even if he was scaring him, I mean I I get restraining somebody, I get the whole, you know, I'm trying to protect people or I get that once you got him that six minute hold, that's a Long for Bro. Do y'all, he lost consciousness B let him go. It should have been over with. Fuck shot, let him go. Yeah. My thing is to Mel's point fam, if the people on the train are now saying, nah, I was good 'cause this is the thing and people, this is a regional thing for us. Yeah. People out there don't know. When you get on the train in New York, it's wild. That's, that's normal almost for the guy we might look at as being crazy or a little deranged to be on a train being loud, very normal.


We've seen motherfuckers piss on the train. We need to see niggas jerk off on the train. So again, unfortunately for a regional thing, that's normal to us. So, so for the viewers and listeners, that's not necessarily normal. Mel saying the pregnant lady, like nah, this is just another train ride for me. Yeah. My my My we know like, you know what I'm saying? 'cause we rode the New York City trains. That's not abnormal for a motherfucker to be talking to themselves or yelling or screaming or doing some shit Dad sitting or whatever the fuck. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. What what what needs to change for me is that the people need to get more involved. That's, I was thinking Feel like, like if the people got more involved to just hold him down, we wouldn't have situations like this. Not saying that the guy Daniel, he, he, he's guilty and he needs to whatever comes in 'cause he should have let go.


Yes. But I'm saying we, we have this mindset in New York in the train station. Yo, we just gonna mind our business. Yo nigga jump on the tracks. We gonna mind our business. Yep. Yo, this happened. Turn your head and mind your business and that shit is wrong. I, I'm pretty sure three other people could have came together and held them down till police came or calm them down. Yes. Know What I'm saying? That's true. And there was somebody else who also wasn't even on the train at the time that this even happened. They boarded the train while the incident was in progress and then came along and held Jordan Ailey's hands down hands. So he Literally could not, they should be charged himself To murder, but they haven't charged, they charged Him. They should be accomplices to murder. I agree. Yeah, I agree. It is not as extreme, but I'm with Mind your business shit, by the way.


I'm with You. I'm with you on what you said in the, in the other side of that. Right. Wish I would for the people who do walk New York saying Mind your business. Mind your business. 'cause a lot of people don't shit me. I'm currently dealing some shit where I feel like, damn, I wish I would've mind my motherfuck business. 'cause I try to help. That's a good point. Somebody. And now I'm the person being charged with This shit. But you responsible for how you responded. You could have handled it another way. I Tried. I tried. And then when the situation did not go a certain way, I was forced to act a certain way. What forced you to Act? I, I I can't No, I'm, I don't want you to get into detail, but when you say forced, it's something internally No, No, no, no. Wasn't I'm, I'm there to help. I'm here to help people who I feel are in a Mediate Some shit.


Mediate something. And even within the mediation, the mediation went from mediation into to an active Aggression now Escalation. So now I now have to be aggressive. Got it. So in those moments, I know a lot of people who said to me, yo, that's honorable shit, but nigga you should mind your business. Yeah. Fam It's to Think like that. There was a story, it happened in Elizabeth where a couple was arguing and the dude looked like he was about to, I think he did hit the, the girl or something and the guy jumped out out of his car like, yo, yo, you can't do it. He popped him. Yeah, it Happens a lot. And she left unfortunately, And she left with the other Guy. I don't know what happened after, but I'm just saying unfortunately we are in a time where minding your business can save your fucking life. That's true. So I'm I I'm, if I'm on a train and I see it, I'm not jumping.


You better Use discernment though. Like fucked up. I It is some things you That discernment can, I'm not, my discernment is, my discernment is to get home to my daughter. Listen, listen, Listen. There's plenty of times we watch shit that happened. Kids watch things in the street that happened and yeah, you wanna mind your business, but the humanitarian in you to to, you know, prompts you to go out there and interfere. Imani situation, I might have interjected. Yeah. I Imani It is the situations talking. We don't know who. Wait, I'm minding my motherfucking business. I think what hap I'm minding my business. I'm sorry man. Please. I'm so sorry. That's okay. I am minding my business in domestic issues. Me because I've witnessed when you get out the car and help the woman, she ends up leaving with a guy and she would jump you with she jump You on no Kid off.


Yeah. Get off It so depend. Unless he's trying to stab or do something crazy. Oh, he got Knife. Yeah. I'm, I'm outta my business. You know what I'm saying? I got tents too. And Mel, you gonna say Mel? But a lot of other things y Niggas ain't shit. I see. That's fucked up. You know why? Because if, because if, if your daughter's outside, oh your mother mom or something like that, we always say that and it's so easy for us to say when it comes to us. But we would, I would, I have two sisters. You right. I couldn't imagine my sisters being somewhere in that moment and Somebody beating And there's men around and she's being hurt, attacked or something and niggas is like, man, I got mama my business. I don't know. Like that would fuck me up. I'm sorry to hear that. But At the end of the day, the goal is to make it, I don't care.


Y'all can say whatever y'all want to say about ice. Yo my goal is to make it back home. I've heard too many stories of the nigga putting the cape on being a superhero and also becoming a victim or also that being his last day. I don't give a fuck. My goal is to get home. Even if you don't get killed. Say what y'all want. Let's say you in the dude shoot a field. Oh you catch a charge? No, look, you are the dude shooting the field. One. You beat his ass. Now you got beef, now you got a broken hand and you got a beef now you got a beef. Guess what? They coming back. We all gotta come back. No. Guess what happens next week. He getting piped out by the same person you was defending pause and you got a broken hand and a beef. Right. And he know who you are. Y'all now y'all beefing the street shorty back with him.


Cool. Okay, let's just, my, my nigga Ice is on the, on the two train Right. Going to Harlem. Hell, and you know, you know, you know a nigga can't fight so a nigga go, Nigga sh Ice can fight. Damn. So a nigga just put him Inchi. Right. Nigga put him in yo beer. Right. And I, and and I just get, get on me. I don't know ice, but he doing the the fist, the Oh, I'm getting choked out. Choked Out you off. Not off his feet. Not off his feet In the air. Yeah. And I come On the you only five, six nigga, they hard to get your Off. Everybody here got that sentiment of your mind, your business. Y'all gonna feel the same way. If y'all find out nigga Ice got choked out on the two train on the Lennox.


That's, that's, they gonna feel Can I ask a question? What, why I'm on the train? I don't know. Let's just start from there. You might be So with a Fats I Didn of an ice nigga. You see what I'm saying? No. No. If you don't know Ice, Ice head, he can see. If you don't know ice you not helping ice. So Then, so then, so Then when we find out, just like, and I'm not to make that a joke. No, no. But now we turn on the news And that's somebody's man man or somebody's Cousin. No, that's our man. Now we have to come in here and report on that Shit. Oh, I see what you're saying. And the message is gonna be to people on And the message is going to be to people. I gotta Ass that you was going to see. I'm going drive ahead. I go ahead. No, go ahead. No, no, no. You no I was just saying like, you know, I I want to be very clear.


That will be like why didn't Message He's Right. If I found out that there were people that could have helped my man who was getting yoki, beared out, I'm a yo yo Pick somebody. I'm sorry somebody else. You just look so tender. Oh Shit. Hey. Yeah. Now you do look a little tender. Yo, you, you on your bury shit. Gto. Yo you Oh Shit, I thought he was going the other way. I thought he was going the other way. Right. Yeah. So anyways, this nigga Yeah. You, you thought she your friend again? No she not. Oh my God. Stop doing that stuff.


I know. When Mel not fucking with niggas. Get that nigga. Yeah nigga. She's My friend nigga. No, she meant for us to get you. Who? You said that man. Huh? I love, I have, I have a question real quick. Shoot, this is not about me. Okay. Put that out there. You got a friend, right? If you're married or in a relationship, Oh Shit is bad to receive or are you? Oh Shit. If a person you Could you receive gifts from women or female friends? In in what kind Of gifts? Yeah. What Kind of gifts? Like expensive gifts more than what your significant other. Got you. Like can you, can you accept it and rock it like an AP watch? Damn that's too strange. But like can you accept it and watch like rock it underwear like some Offwhite sneakers?


Like some Wait, who is This person to me? Who is this person? To me depending on relationship life for Christmas. The Giver? Yeah. For Christmas. Yeah. With people's Like, like who's the giver? She's a female friend. My ex. I mean your ex. It may be your ex my Ex-girlfriend. My ex. I'm ex When my ex-girlfriend gave me a gift with it to be an acceptable gift. Yeah. And it's some flo shit like expensive shit. And the gift is more than what your girl, I have cool relationships with some of my exes, so Of course you do. My girl knows some of my exes. Of course she does nigga Right here. So it depends on the ex you it depends on the ex. I wish Yo, listen the thing, this thing right here, my wife on the street, the ex can your girl accept gifts from her ex? Mm. My girl don't have no exes.


What the fuck? Crazy. My last, my every fucking Barry white ass niggas. Listen, but for real Ish. I'm not lying. We hypocrite. Let's, let's go with bro. I answered you some It me you a misogynistic hypocrite. Me and you. If certain xs of mine gave me a a gift, my girl would have a problem with it. If certain xs of mine gave me a gif, my girl wouldn't have a problem with it. True. It's, it's some of my exs I'm on the phone with right now too. 1231 o'clock in the morning discussing my business with my girl. You Right there now you that nigga. Yeah. Y'all try to flip them The lesson on how to do that. Hold on. Hey, I like that white freaky shit.


Set up the plate. Girl shit. Set up the play. I gotta this relax, relax, relax. Coming in Up Too. Hypo hypocritical. I'm too hypocritical. Like if somebody wanna gimme a gift, I'm accepted and I'm gonna rock it. But like, and then con I fi I find myself. You ain't Gonna tell her where it came from. You gonna lie. That's the thing I find like, I feel like I'm gonna keep it real when you pay the bills in the Crib and you And you gotta listen. Finish and when you gotta hide the shit. 'cause you gotta hide where you get some shit from.


Where that from? Oh. Jr look like you gotta hide shit. It feel lame. I just want tell the truth. Just Keep tell the truth. Then there's Flip. My wife can't get no gifts from no nigga. There's a flip side to that. What if he gets you a gift too? No. Oh Shit. What if he gets you a gift too? Get this for your I'm not accepting that. Come on, give flies. How you doing forces It is it for if the side nigga give him a gift too. Done. Y'all seen your man, he needs some bigger pants. Give him these. You Right Like a solution. Met my wife You doing with babe? Hey, what if she lie?


Yeah. And you don't know. And she said she gave Some flush. No, I ain't quiet about that because one time I got a gift. Right. And I'm gonna keep it real. I gotta a gift from, from my homegirl and she bought me some Yeezys. The the green shit, some el fly shit. They was real. No, it was official. Okay. And like you sure straight friend my peoples. And I told my wife, yo, yeah I got this from, I got this from her. Cool. But then like years later, a year later, like she like said some stick shit about it. Like, oh you getting, tell your girl tell your peoples to get 'em Right nigga. Like I So is that inappropriate? And then now Did you feel wrong when you got she popping Up with gifts?


No. Hell no. You crazy. Did you get her something back? Huh? I didn't get her nothing back. No, no, no, no. It was a gift. It was appreciation giving. I thought you were Melanie. Me. No, no, no. What was she Appreciative of? I'm not trying to funny. What was she appreciative of? We had did something, I had supported her on one of her adventure. Get it to supported one of her ventures. Supportive move? No, she was giving back to the community and I showed her for the free, That's what they call it. Yeah. Come on, stop playing. So Love it when they get back to the community box, she, she got me a gift and, and my wife like, she held it down like, oh, all right cool. But then later on it was brought up flip. You can't do that. And then now No, no, no. Now You serious?


No. Now there's a pack of cologne that somebody wanna to send me. Yo. Some Gucci Ill shit. But I don't want to go in the crib. So do I keep it in my car because I want it smell good. I went to smell It, throw that shit away. Not through how I went to smell it and, and do I keep it in my car? Some old school shit. Then she gonna go in your car. Oh Shit. In my, I went in the studio Chilling yo by myself like this. I hear the door open, she walking up the stairs like that. And every was just walking in my shit. Just looking at me like nigga. Yeah nigga. SY shit. Doing. Say it again. Said he said you. She was looking yo damn Robb, yo. I Came robbing my whole shit.


I thought it was JR because I think it's a trick when they walk up the stairs, like she walk at the same time as him. She could sound like one step. Oh Shit. Have people in my studio. Hmm. And I can't tell her not to come to my studio. Who the fuck am I, I can't. But you just walk. You can't just walk. Like what about this yo, y'all good? Like Yo flip is the gif and all This shit that you, is it worth the headache with Your life? Never. It's not worth. It is. That's My point. Throw This shit away. Wait, wait. Don't get me wrong. You should be allowed if you got friends, friends should be able to exchange. I know why you look at me like that. I ain't saying I'm you robbed. I do think friends should be allowed to exchange a gift like that. It is harmless. Some curve co Shits. That's nothing crazy. Hit you with it. If It is not harmless, I wouldn't talk about it.


The Curve crazy though. But if it's, if it's cool water, if it's gonna have your, your wife bringing some shit up or having you. But She, but my wife is, that's that Caribbean shit. Like she played off in the moment. Well That's what you chose. That's what you signed up for. Listen, if you wouldn't want somebody to do something to you, don't do it to them. I, I'm not gonna lie, I look at that differently. Thank you. Show me. I Just think, I think that this is my opinion. Misogynistic. That's not misogynistic. I am the stuff that I'm not so the shit that, So, well it sound like me and you together, But yeah, No I would, I would, I'm taking the gif. Ooh. It depends on who the GIF is from and what it's for. So I've, I've spoken that shit for free for people. Right. I just did an even not too long ago.


I ain't get paid for it. I did it as a favor. Exactly. If the girl said, yo, I appreciate you coming through. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Here's a g from my appreciation that's different. He just said that's what it was for. That's What I did. But It is different if she appreciates you. But why you Blinking your eyes Nigga? Your Body, you blinking your eyes not blinking but you blink your eye. I've been dealing with a lot of shit, nigga. I've been dealing with stupid ass fucking the the Dyson shit coming in the crib. I've been dealing with all This shit and I'm checking my accounts and it, it matches. Like come on nigga. What? But, but if, Why you laughing for I Nigga Got that, You know I didn see the charge, The charge The joint. Yeah, but you can't get bag without your participation.


So even if the girl is trying to bag you, you gotta play. If you don't participate, nigga this was business. Stop that. Stop. The reason Why, fuck Thank you. We gonna be real. We gonna, We gonna be real. Stop. Come on, Stop. Hey my nigga, I ain't never fallen no pussy in my life. Yo. It, it took two people Ish. We not talking about falling in pussy. We talking about there's a way to shut, We talk. There's a way to shut something down or let some shit. Or even if you don't intend in doing anything, just the fact that you allow it to still linger around a certain way is disrespectful. So if so let's, let's just say a nigga, a nigga is trying to buy your girl some, some shit. But she's making it clear. Now ain't and you, like you said, she can't land on nothing that she don't wanna land on.


Just the fact that she's allowing that to continue To be in the space is a violation. Yeah. Because the person already showing you they not respecting your relationship. Yeah. Come on. And they keep trying and keep Nigga like mega in the house. Yeah. Y'all added this whole third component to it. That's extra Megas. The slip Flip's example. Was He, did I didn slip? No, don't put that on. I Didn example Was he did a charity event for the young lady. I did. The young lady gave him a gift of appreciation. Man, We all and done speaking in a bunch of it be trying to bag us after The person that gave the event Sometimes. What the fuck are we talking about? People Allowed Go lie. Yeah. Even if That was the case, never experienced that. But yeah, even if that was the case, even if that was the case, say they did try to bag or I tried to bag.


That's not what it was. It, I'm not saying in your case it's A possibility but even if that was a gift is a gift. I'm just saying the reason Brought Up one time like yo, hold on, hold on, hold on. Y'all. The reason why I'm saying because my wife brought up, my wife brought up one time like how would you feel if I received a gift from someone I wouldn't like it and I'll throw it outside the crib on some old school shit. Like, yo get This shit outta here. But you've said you're a hypocrite. I am all the time. Yeah. But I wanted to, I wanted to see if anybody else is a, is a hypocrite like me? Yes. We all are my nigga, Everyone. No. Yeah, you're not with that. Right man. You accept gifts but you accept gift from people from you accept gift. But if that nigga from Chicago PD accept a gift from you throwing it away.


Right. Keep it real Parks. Exactly. Nigga, what if she get him a camera, like the ill shit solely they Our camera. Oh, so you're gonna utilize the gift with him? Yeah. More likely than not. Yeah, I'm just saying yes. Okay. That's that's all I wanted to say. Two niggas Is Lennys is lying. Lenny, there's a lot of Lennys up here. Boy. Why I'm telling the truth. You I I'm telling y'all and I I don't even want to go ahead and assume to just answer it. People are playing like they're more secure than what they are. I know for su, I'm telling you she ain't playing with no camera. She's gonna be offended. She's lying. I was she gonna jealous. She's gonna get jealous. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's Already made it clear.


She make him get rid of that Camera certain level thing. You see your girl, your wife get a G you are going to be tight. Some crazy Percent. I'm insecure when it comes he Gonna do the same. Oh I you Gonna do the same. Listen, I didn say I'm insecure. Look, We didn't discuss your wife's getting a gift based under the circum. Same pretenses. It is all relative. Like it's information is contextual that that allows how far we can go Gonna Do speaking against a nigga. You don't know Where's the gift coming from? A nigga you don't speak no nigga. Nigga you don't know a nigga you don't know. But she know could be from work, it could be from the whatever you correct. She got a rapport with him. She got friends. She decide to yeah she got friends nigga.


No she dope. Yeah. True. So who are you now to determine what's good for her and her situation And her boyfriend And she's your wife. The Ruler of the life. She's your wife. So she's able to also say to you nigga don't be bringing no cologne or no offwhite. That's why I asked can I fucking put it in the car on some old shit and keep it in the car. You Don't, your wife don't what your cologne smell like. That's sneaky and come on no cologne. Shit. Oh Shit. Oh Shit. Y'all your man, your man Wally Who barely match Man. I love you though. You crazy. Your man who Barely match. Hey yo. Today I just, When nigga start explaining himself, I stood in The try to change man.


You did it. You Did. Yeah. I see you cool enough man. Cool enough. I Don, I the ain't really on j Lemme get the pants. Lemme get them pants yo. Take your pants off. Stop doing stop. Stop doing that to your wife. Doing what? That's the one person you ain't supposed to be doing this hypocrite. Shit. I don't give a fuck. I'm Just Telling you all the Time. I'm a hypocrite nigga. She say why did you tell him the rest of the stuff? Flip Cares more than he give off. He get like he, he gives a fuck though a conversation in there. But No I do care. No. If I act like I don't care, I'm lying. No we Don't. We know you care tremendously because that's but at the same time you said what Ish? Nothing. What you say? Say it loud. I Say you pay the bills. That's whack. That's a whack. What that mean? That's a lot of niggas that pay the bills Feel like I Don Fuck that I could do.


Yeah but so what Ish. But there's nothing I could do nigga. You don't feel like that Even, even if I felt like that there's nothing I could do. I know there's nothing because what I gonna do, I'm gonna risk. I'm gonna risk the happiness of my household. No, can't do that. So lemme finish because my ego and my achi more bullshit than I'm trying to portray to society. There's nothing I can do. Nigga You can't do that because you also had experiences with her way. The shoe was on the other foot. Other Foot. So you have to, you have to. So you have to honor That. You gotta take yeah you have to Honor That. Now your don't We need 99 Dyson nigga. I Don want your Air need off. I got one of them That is annoying. I Why you need that Gucci nigga? I sleep with baby. On what shit though?


Yeah, the cold as Fuck. That shit be cold. Dyson air purifier. I got one. You think I bought that shit? Throw that shit out the window. That shit, that shit the better. The White noise machine shit. The shit that you talking about. It services. Y'all services the house. No y'all. This shit the Dyson shit it service is y'all. It's for the family. The sneakers and the cologne only Service you. It is about me nigga. And that's why I say You're exhausting. We Niggas am I? Yes man, I been having nigga grew up in Newark. I've been I agree with her though. Yeah It is just like the, I don't know how your wife does it. God bless her. You are just, you are so I'm going.


I Love it. Love. Ready you up. Shit Girl. You almost That inducted into a cult nigga. You almost, you lived with a pastor and a priest. Come on man. I no, it was a self-proclaimed prophet of God. But that's a whole Story. Oh Shit. That don't help. He Real Was I didn't bring him in the fucking house. It wasn't me. And did You respect him at the time he was there? No. You was ruled to the the Priest. I sure the he wasn't a priest. He was a self-proclaimed prophet of God. I was. I did not. I was like, what's your government? Did you cook for him too? The fuck I did When You cooked you didn't feed him as well? I did not. So you never cooked. You ain't never washed his feet.


I fucking did. Didn didn't do nothing like that. What I'm saying I am exhausted but go ahead. Being inducted into a coke gotta be more exhausting than dealing with me. Yeah, It was alright. Dealing with me is just more like Mel listen Mel, look when I come here let me just talk y'all. 'cause I know y'all giggling. Shit. It is my life when I come here nigga. I'm shit able to express myself. I can't say This shit to her. Ah. I was going, I was gonna say that but Y's going make me at, I can't say This shit. Who? Why would the fuck you think I wanna tell her? Hey yo. I told her I'd be cracking jokes about the Dyson and shit like that. She said all right, go tell 'em about this other shit that I did too. Like that's her shit. I don't want to hear that shit. She want to get a fucking new chandelier.


For what? And I hope she get it for Us for the house. No kidding. It's a beautify. The house. We Don't need chandeliers. She Want the house to look a certain way. She want a certain thumb Spot. We're throwing a gathering invite all the family. She wants a hot chocolate station. Yes. I love that idea. Dope. Thank You. I slapped that whole shit up holiday. I think that's dope. That's fire. A hot chocolate station for the holiday Season. Yes. Look at your man. Thank you. Thank you Corey. Thank you. At chocolate. My daughter wants to decorate the house. No, that's dope. No nigga You bri ass Nigga.


Yes. Let the kids decorate the house nigga, you better. That's gr. Let them Decorate that. You don't, You don't even be home like that. Pretty much what I'm saying because what do you even care? Fuck leave me out of this because somebody agree with something about their homes. What About it? Because I seem like a pig. Like come on bro. Y'all right in the house. We getting ready through This shit this weekend dog. Me too. You gotta set Nigga. You gotta be pussy on something true Here. My bad. And that's what I learned up here from y'all. I'm Sucker Wait, wait what you trying to say? We pussy? No, I learned that like when I listen I come to certain shit. Everything You know It is with more, with more money and more visibility come more eyes and and more scrutiny.


Okay. Right. With more money, more vis visibility come with more eyes and more scrutiny. You getting that back. So what I'm saying is that when this more scrutiny, a lot of things, a lot of things that may have not taken serious when we were broke. It is taken extremely serious now. Okay. When I was able to do that shit that I was able to do, I flip the network back when I was just making a couple of dollars off YouTube. It's a little bit different now. So now I have to move accordingly. And she does too. Does so does she stuck with you hold up. So she stuck with you when you wasn't getting no money and there was certain things that I might've wanted to buy that I was, I wasn't able to buy that I didn't have the capability to do so. Man, she now I do. So now I want to decorate my shit. Now I'm overcharging you for what they did to the cold crush nigga. Now I want these dumb ass mechanical blinds that we as niggas don't give a fuck about.


Let her rock. I'm leaving the crib. Can her brain, She might be saying I'm leaving the crib and her brain, I'm leaving the holidays, I'm leaving. I don't here. No You not. No you're not. Yo, Go ahead. Leave And you can communicate the same thing without being a dictator. Look, She keeping the Card. Hey hold on. Lemme talk to this nigga. You can. What you mean communicate without being a dictator? You can It It is. I've learned 'cause I used to do the other way too. I make the money. I'm the man that then nigga pack This shit and you be like, yo, hold On. No wait, wait, wait. Im Sorry You all the dictators that lived had ran a successful country And they died alone and got murdered and They sleep be Miserable. Except for the ones that, except for the one that you could not take history classes. What Dictator Nigga Not they ran you out. Brooklyn and John Young, Whatever his name is, he's doing good nigga Napoleon.


Who's Napoleon? Napoleon did good. No he didn't. No he didn't. He was exed heed. He got a hole at the end. But he did good. He got exiled. He Did good for himself. Who's Napoleon's wife? I Don't know exactly. There you go. Being a fucking dictator. So he ain't have no Hoes. Napoleon ain't hold Napoleon Short. He had To overcompensation Napoleon. Napoleon did not do good for the country. No. Oh are y'all fucking Stupid? Oh my god. Wrong. What's wrong with you niggas? Your history. You went to Jackson, right? Nigga, That nigga. Which one of the 11 you went to school taught you? This one in the Bronx? I went to Murray Bertram Environmental studies. Okay. Martin Van Buren.


Wait your high school is called environmental studies? Yeah. Was in Jackson or was a campus magnet by that time. Which one? Didn didn't go to camp. I went to the other one. I went to satellite Be in the building. I was gonna school to the alternative, the trailer in the back. But I mean that he was, he conquered a lot. Okay. For Fry? Maybe not, maybe not for the country. But he conquered Fry. Y'all had pizza every day, right? No, He out the aluminum. Gotta be a Warrior in home. How long was gym class? Hey what's, Hey y'all valedictorian before of Jim? No, I was valedictorian. No, for real. And that's what's wrong with you nigga. I was smart. What happened?


Oh Shit. What happened is society, Nah, you still smart my name? No, I'm fucking with you. Society going outside. But I was valedictorian but that's even, even the point. Point. Cool. What kid? The car. Like how many kids was in the classroom? Like seventh grade? Huh? How many kids was in the classroom? I like 37 kids. Was there windows? Yeah there was. It was that great. And this Is had the cage on the windows. It was some gray foam Look like. Damn man. It wasn't the round shit was nigga you need to do this. I didn have a I didn nigga.


The round safety scissors. Oh Shit. Yo. Hey close it for me. At the end of the, at the end of the day, I was speaking about Napoleon conquering places and Oh Shit. But we talking about inside your house, it's not Working. Right. But nigga you didn't know what happened in Napoleon's house. Yes you do. He died alone. Man, bitch, you do what? I A lot people. A lot. Listen, a lot of, a lot of people died alone. Not you. You don't want to. You don't want to. I Don. Nobody wants that. I Don. But it's not about that. It's about, see that's, that's what's wrong with you niggas and I, I set all you niggas up to show that you panda for the people. There's No need panda. This supposed, this is supposed to be a place where we speak about our feelings inside. I can't say this outside. I can't even say this to her. I can't even say this in my car. Nigga driving around. Why the fuck fucks he's on the phone talking to a friend, trying to help her with a stupid machine.


I can't even say in the car. I come up here to say and y nigga judging this is your way, Your way saying it to her. Yeah. Yeah. This shit off. This is your way of saying it to her. 'cause you know you saying this, but nigga you want up like that. Stop your ears. Stop You not like that. You the man you nigga law. Why you can't say what you wanna say. I've learned It is better to get shit done just by being Kind. Thank you. That's why. Yeah. Yeah. What you Could say what you want. Kind. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. No need to, you can still say, Hey I Don, I've done both Don. I don't think that this mechanical shit on the wall is nice. Yeah. That's not kind. Hey I Don think we need mechanical blinds. I don't think I, I Don, I don't think this mechanical, I don't think we need this mechanical thing on the wall made outta metal and gold. I think you spent too much money on that.


I think it could go to something else. Then check the account. Well I don't think you need 17 pairs of sneakers. Flip that could go something else. What about all the things that she th might've thought you ain't need in that moment where you wasn't supporting? Let's move, let's move on. Niggas The Gucci Cadillac, right? I didn't need it. And I bought two watches. Well your two Watches. We, we know your two watches. What? Get What you get. It's her turn went ahead and flipped that tax money and all that. She heard the story. Hey Fox The story. Listen. Hey Flip. Here's the thing, her investment is paid off. I Was talking man shit to her and she reminded me like, nigga, even when you started giving money, I still gave you half of the the income tax. Yeah. She Got you.


Damn here you don't. But that was So what That you wanted to do was all investment and now it's the return time. I say no More. Let's all Thank you. She gets the ball. Thank you. Y'all good? Yeah, we did it. We did it. Yeah, we did it. Good shit. Gary, does Anybody else have anything they need to get off? Nah. Any more internal family excuse or I got some shit for ice, but I'm gonna get at him on Patreon Five. Okay. Yeah, it's the best thing to do. Damn. Damn. Alright, well sleepers right? Yeah. Fuck it. Let's get to sleepers. All right, well I I guess I'll order is I'll pop it off you. Yes. All right. Yesterday being that this is recorded whatever Y was the 19 year anniversary of Lil Wayne, the Carter two album.


Damn. Damn we old yo. Yeah. Oh Shit. 19 year and that's his fifth joint. I was like man, shit. Anyway, so I'm gonna play a record off Carter two. This is Best Rapper Alive. Thank you. Yeah man.


Football bulky you little salty Allowed. Even though I'm boss, I'm busy. I hope. I hope in the right and I hope you every line Rapper, rapper, Heart beating, stealing and feeding.


Feeling and leaving, killing and grieving, deported. Erase. No, no plates, no face. No sight outta the like a bunch of pussy to me.


Fuck him. Fucking good. Fucking long fucking hard. Fuck who Fuck that. Just like that. Right back. I'm on that money train and that Mac track the quarterback well protected from the the young heart attack I that card. You can't see me baby boy you got that cataract. I'm right here. Straight out the hood just like a cat since every where Fucking me on my hands I can handle That is no. So just victory baby. I'm just, I ain't even outta And that again is Best Rapper Alive Lil Wayne Carter two happy 19 year anniversary.


That just sounds nuts. God damn we, that sounds fucking Crazy to me. God damn. He went crazy on that though. He did. He absolutely did. I'm going to the West Coast. This is a aroomfullofmirrors Wonton Su Hey y'all. We live from the burning bush. It is the lost driver of Kush lost in his wilderness. Hiding inside of book. My diary rivals Moses copious note holding the cannon and lets you turn the coach who ain't even close to this type of understanding between the world and me. I'm still standing big trash cans in the street. Get a warfare. It is for the four beds. Turning young cubs to ball bears.


Yeah. Forever caught in my cross there staring at a mirror staring back. Ain't no more star. Yeah. Appointed times to the nation. Busting that Satan from the block the bell. Hey Mr. Great tribulation. The four horse crus Satan nigga Salivating. Hey that kept you waiting. What are y'all going do y'all crew gotta chill. Oh we know. I know. I'm you Got it like Gotta reveal guarding the details, listening to shock valve mirrors on a different scale. Making it ivy issue. Better off dodge disrupting the usual. Ready? This your cue to go. Let's play it like you knew better fitted for this new era. Watch your head guard your heart early. Correct. And all that Rich told you, which is two of me and some gems and high some room full of icons.


You tell me what you See. Okay, I'm back by popular. Fuck y'all crew. Better demon land silk road niggas figure they knew better. You ch spinning a over and with everyone in. Gee see the set is just Beethoven big dog. This shit guna shit. For what? Shit. Your average disrespect us. Golly. Get y'all lashes. I close out 'em all. Some souls gotta fall the season of the ones who believed in the past. We stick to the way of the stab. Never be laughed. Be Need apple bombing. We the mob even after math on to the tooth sauce the to gimme dad. So boom tripping what? I said we the innovation new generation.


Don't Fuck that war. Why you monkeys after th black the violence One of y'all going through y'all crew chill. You Got it Like that one nigga Marry me. A legend in St. Paul forever. Name a nigga better come back with his head. A done play in the background rebirth of a God living hit descended from the clouds. The mentions I transcended think exception been in they mind living. But Nico Dehaun isn't one restricted by physics. I defy the laws with these metaphors I'm giving in from my highest source of my flying sauce of the heaven. I Marks been bringing nor and giving knobs to they cough and smoking rapids with caution. They booth I ain't even coughing. Only option 'cause they ain't no competition.


I've been going hard almost ready to put my dick in. Turn the game into my bitch. Where the industry watch me slip in Kings of the underground. Rolling Jay Punch armed You right next to God. What y'all gonna do? Y'all crew gotta chill. I gotta, that's a Aroomfullofmirrors wonton suit. Shout to the guys and girls Big-ish. I'm going to, I'm gonna go to they and the song is called Straight Up Show you what Is they?


Straight Up. That's hard. Big Mouth. Yeah. Mine is sorry. By Nick Hakim it's called, I don't know Long until the night.


Where did you go? And but I know you watching over me.


You help us through the good and through the pain we breathe. One Day we wake up from That is Nick Hakim.


I don't know a beautiful did we go, what is he saying man? What? What is he saying? Where did we go? Yep. You don't know. Hey man, where you find that song at? Yo, You guys never ask me that But this one I just, I'm find the song. This particular one. Why? Who gave you the song? Listen to song. Just son A dick. Why couldn't I have come up with this? Nobody's ever questioned any song I've ever played, ever, ever, ever. What's up with this one? Why are you speaking to niggas through songs on here? Why you doing doing that? So where you Got it from? Tell me Apple Music. How did it pop on your album? No, not too much on mail.


Not too much on mail. My browse category Because she's just afraid to say that. She's like, she just went through some shit like she don't even wanna make it seem like It is. All right nigga. Speak you through music nigga. We ain't ain't gonna do that though. Take this whoever. Whoever fly let it fly. You know what I'm saying? That was good. You know the song about death, right? Yes. He ain't know that either. He ain't know. He did not know that. He did not know that. I didn know but it makes it worse now. Who's she killing off the neighbor? She killed the neighbor. She killing off the nigga in Chicago yo. Oh she killing on somebody in the building. That's crazy. Listen, what a lovely show we got. There we go. Thank you. We hope y'all enjoyed it. What a lovely show. You could come in here with a hat and you can be cool nigga that you no work Chase.


Shout to Joe. Man that hat shit don't work nigga. I hope you feel better. You think it come in here with a hat? With a hat on ice and melt on shit at you. Oh you, you Dirty Ice. You thought that you come here with a hat and melt on shit at you Ice. Ice. Where a fucking sweat ice. And he talking to me. He talking to Ice. Right. We listen and we don't and we don't judge don't judge. Woo. So y'all, you can't go rap.


He said go rabbit, you can't go rabbit Shit you only get seven My at a certain age if you go rabbit nigga go out. We appreciate you guys tuning In To the JBP tied the big Melyssa Ford. My nigga Ian Dunlap. He done laughed around a lot of you niggas nigga. You know what I mean? He's smarter than your average beer. My nigga freeze nigga when he's out it's cold. Even the cold can't stop him.


My nigga say something nice, he sometimes there's a hole at the bottom and a bag and they get loose. I love you baby. The best engineer. Who am I? QueenzFlip? Ripped apart. Get some hard, that's courage on Strips. Not from stupid shit. Call me little flip because I flip a little. You flipping. When I flip, flip up.


Known sy Best Extra come home but I clap boy. I'm a boy like Pastor Troy but I'm stone sucking with my nigga. Bone Crusher On this outside Free. Outside. Outside. Maybe outside Baby Free. I might be outside too. I mean I'm running the, we running the streets. I ain't gonna say we, we we lot of, we going outside this weekend. This nigga turn French when you got a girlfriend. Sure do. I'm going to H crib. I try to go and let me in. Will never happen. No invites That nigga fo. So wait, where you say you going? You said you gonna I gotta talk to them Verizon Niggas that put This shit in his crib, they probably knock on the door and let me in.


Going to his crib nigga J one Falling away no matter what county I'm in here, Death the world sucker free. Just be me and my niggas left. I ain't never scared. I got big hammers everywhere. Places where you need your passport heavy here. When I put the game back perspective this time. Leave it there. Could think what you, I blow and see if you could think what you're from.


Like a new single. Make sure you leak for a month. Treat your face like a buffet and tell my niggas, eat what you want. You don't know nothing about it on a couple hundred thousand on the table. What? And tell your niggas keep what you want. Usually hate or something stupid that a nigga die for. What you think. Does anybody remember the poem? I don't. I should by this point. But What poem? The poem went the end audio. Reva Deci Being insecure and shit. Yeah. Baddies are Insecure. Girls close mind Want Wonton Soup? Yeah, The good. Yeah. I mean I tried prostitute.


The baddies are insecure. Stagnant. Stagnant. Women want travel. Want you to teach some things. Grab you a Tylenol because you're gonna need Itf. You gonna need it. I had all them. That was good. Tylenol. Oh, used to say average. Yeah. Was ibuprofen. He mixed it up sometimes? Yeah. Okay. Nice try. That was good. That was pretty good. What the fuck do you think I'm saying? Parks? Well I'm not insulting you. You said welcome back. This one nigga.


Shout out to my man. I see why nigga, I'm not insulting you. I'm saying welcome back because you sound, I'm giving you credit. Where'd I go? Meaning like, I thought we was outta here. I thought we was going hot. It bother but you back. I thought, dang. Come on man. Miss you homie. I hope I Don care if you live or phony because nigga, no, what's up? Because we got you open dude. Fuck that nigga. Little fucking nigga on back. Slip in a frozen to stop to the bag or watch We outta here.


Do We out? Nope. Nope. No. Joe Biden. JBPJ. BP without the JBP. Good job.