
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. No dead ass. First of all, you, you in a great mood, amazing mood. Lord woke us all up this morning. Allowed us to meet today. Could not be happier.


Yeah. Or somebody or whoever. Corey. The universe. The universe. What? Even though the scientists, now let me just tell you Corey, and then I'm not talking to you no more for the rest of the day. The scientists are saying that the universe, they believe to now have a start point. And if it has a start point, then that proves that something started it. Yeah. And that's something would have to be, they did all that spiritual transcendent able, they did all of that shit. You right. Is you a nonbeliever is you don't believe in God. I knew you was the atheist nigga. I Who it do you believe in? God? Of course I believe in God. But you one of niggas that get around like your friends that believe in something else and still argue for that side.


Like nah. Can see how it aint a God. Oh he's a cos player. I don't now My man told me that he prayed one time, nothing happened. Hold on. I forgot It is. It is with the church as a kid. I forgot them. Virginia churches nigga them was all French out. Slavery nigga. Those the slavery churches. The pitch French out with the pitchforks fam. The K kk church. First off I went to church in New Jersey. You No you didn't. You went to Church of Virginia with the assembly lines. What? What? I know that church. You know the church. Alright, land in my boys. You stole something. Hey, cut your hand off. He went to one of them churches.


Nope, the pastor, the other pastor. I ain't gonna say that. Different communion boy. Black blood. Your man drinking black. That's your man drinking black people. I'm in a good mood today. Me too. Just letting y'all know I got a whole lot of sleep this weekend. Sleep like you would think somebody is, but nah, we fucking still, we still thugging, You know what I mean? You got a lot of sleep out clothes. You had clothes on while you was asleep or something? I'm here dressed, yes. Alright, cool. But I didn't, nigga, I don, I lied. I lied. If I do it again, you just got me. You got me. I'm calling Ka man. You, you, you say you got a lot of sleep.


I got a lot of sleep man. I, I was on Instagram and it was about midnight. No, it was maybe one or two. I'm home. My wife's outta the country for the, for the, for the week. Oh, so You was home? Yeah. That's, That's nice. Go you, you Was home. Go me. No, the point is I was on Instagram and you weren't asleep. And you weren't asleep and Amani wasn't asleep. Y'all were at the shaky butt. The one at the what? The strip club y Don't comb that around here in Jersey. No, no. The shaky butt You No, the shaky butt the floor. You not to do that. I don't do That. That was my first time ever hearing the shaky butt. The Shaky butt. Well you know, you learn something new day When we was at the shaky butt. Well not yesterday. I didn't say it was yesterday, the other day I had the con flip to coming out.


I Was bad. I don know if I'm opening with that. Your Parks was outta town. You was gonna meet us. But yeah, he was handling some bi I wanted See you flip, throw some bread man. No you don't. Why I saw that. I saw that clip. Wasn't it? It wasn't good for him. It was, it was getting, you gotta go out a couple more times. Yeah, you know what, it's the risk. At the end of the day, you guys are haters. That's number one. Number two haven't been in the strip club or through money in a long time. So I forgot the format and how you, it looked like your first time. You catch that? Nah, you just catch that not the first time the strip club, your first time throwing the money. No. Nah, nah, nah. I mean when I walked in there, you know I'm, I'm, they know me. Yeah, I'm flip. Oh happy to see me. You got your man. But It is, I didn really happy to see him. He asked me to ask you Flip knew a lot of people outside.


I didn't shock me because when people don't come outside, I from the rip assume it's 'cause they're afraid of what might happen to them. So flip don't go outside. So I just thought that he was fearful of his life. But he came out and, and once my, once I smalls he with me. Oh he was safe Smalls. He with me. Man, don't do That. Smalls did Act small say Yos. He With you? Yeah. And then Smalls gave me a hug and cracked the jokes. No, you knew Smalls. I was like oh shit. He knew Smalls then you knew the streaming nigga that pressed me. Yeah. You knew some of them gang members. Press Ty Streamer, Ty Tyle. Shout to Ty. He pressed me. The streamer Dudes think gonna fuck you up.


One they wanna catch me on that stream. I Fabio foreign. Them niggas smoke up. What top them smoke? I no smoke All in them niggas faces. Yeah, they love You. Shout to Ty. I gotta piece it up with the streamers. I do. Yo, if you watching this if and you're streaming. Actually you're not. 'cause all you niggas do Streams. Y y'all don't know no world outside of streaming. Shout to y'all though. We gonna piece it up this year. Nah, he was outside so you know some world. So Flip knew the little gang member dudes. Crypto dude was dead. Blew a nice Yeah, blew a flip. 75. He blew a flip. That diarrhea watching him throw. Nah, no. I didn have five In front of flip.


Those Crypto dudes are a little bit disrespectful. They don't throw money regularly. They beat the girls with the money. And I was watching it. The fell hit the head just wow. I said yo look, just taking it. They took, Hey, if somebody wanna throw 75 grand on Me, I'll take it. You want Throw? I said look at her face. Look at her face Joe. She don't like that. Joe said, that's not true. She got hit in the head niggas, you hit her. So hit it with a knot nigga. So after a few hours, flip dig, get a, you got some money. Okay. I got a stack. Yeah, he got a Cool stack. Yeah, he got some money. Amani came in. Biggie Smalls hypnotized. Yeah, he Biggie Small's hypnotized immediately. No money just blowing, just running his mouth.


Hypnotized, gazing, gazing in the eyes. See that? I remember that. Used to work in Cindy's. Yo, shout out to my jersey. Cinderella niggas man, Cindy's Little Dollhouse action. Back in the day though, before all the murders Dollhouse still open. Now I I know I'm blown away by that too, by the way. Man Still open. Yo Imani a different nigga when it comes to certain individuals in the club. The nigga, he was in a tra he was in a trans, like he he was what? Like he was trans. I think you mean trans thought he said a train. Very clear. What club y'all s that nuts.


Yo. He was in a crazy and then the crypto nigga threw money and once he hit Imani in the face with the bread, then Imani got out the, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on, nigga hit Imani with throw you. You know what I like about Joe. The money was falling on us and I'm watching Joe. Joe is cool because he understands the game. Not me, nigga the money started hitting me. I started getting up, getting uncomfortable, putting my hands in my pocket. Walking in the circle. You ain't shake something? Nah, they just throwing, they just disrespectful. They just throwing money. But when Imani came and he was in a, you know, in his, in his zone, the money hit him. Wow. Woke him up. He start, he said yo, if hit me again, he threw it again.


But not on purpose. But they're throwing it at the women that's in the area and it's hitting us. So niggas was throwing that money on y'all. I ain't gonna lie. I ain't gonna lie. I felt the way. But they was raining on y'all nigga. The nigga came after. Did you pick any up? The nigga came after this money been for you. The nigga came after and whispered to Joe and said, yo, you know I fuck we fuck with you over here. We fuck with you nigga like you up with us. Oh wait, you down with the crypto bro? I ain't like that shit at all. Nah, Nah, I'm disrespected outside man. Yeah, they did say that. They Love me outside. You know we fuck with you Joe. But they ain't say they right past me. The niggas, they ain't with the brand. They care. I Can love outside. It is only on the internet where I'm a fucking what they hate you bestiality and all this stuff. Oh man. Only on the internet do these crazy things get said man.


But I'm in a good mood. I'm sorry. Just one more thing. I, I brought this up not just to reflect on your field trip, but the point out that I didn't get an invite. That was the point. I was home without an invite. I would've liked an invite. I would like an invite. Would you, you want win? It's not you focused on the wrong part. Come on. Probably not. What you say in the group chat before? Oh that sounds dope. I'm not going, I'm not going though. But I said where, where's it at? Yeah, where's it at? I'm not going but, but I might've went to next week. Ah, that was the, that was the girls, girls' love karaoke joint. Mark. Just so we are clear, I never would think to invite you to the strip club. Like I think that your wife has like a really short leash on you. Oh Shit. No, I'm allowed to go.


I'm Coming in. I'm coming in. Tell the truth today about what I think Get, If you walk out the door At 12:45 AM Of what house? I didn Just don't See That. See that when I picture you, you Know what? You know what? Withdrawing you're out. Nah, nah. I know you about do. There you go. But if I was already out, I would stay. I was about To say that's the Ish. I Was, I was To give you the, that's Ish. Can 12 leave the house at 11? Nah, nah. The pi ran late. Man. Gotta Leave the, this go outside. 5:00 PM just Dressed for the night. He, he wait at Wawa in the parking lot. About 30 now. Yeah. Yeah. No that's, You gotta leave the house at 11 yo oh eight. I can't walk up my house at 1245.


Oh. I leave the house at 11. Bitch, you got a formula to how you leave the house, bro. Like I get it. You Wearing a trench coat to hide this little outfit. You wearing a Burberry trench. That's why coffee is your excuse. Yo. I'm gonna wild, wild to get a coffee. You know that's your shit don't work. You go there and you they have a coffee. I got an espresso in my house. Flip. It's the, it's the, the PO box. Oh Yeah, the hoodie store. The PO box. The PO box. Oh yeah. One of my workers car broke down on, on the highway or the House. I gotta go Check on the house. Gotta go check on one of these. Your PO box be near the Uhuh if You Spot It is right by lookers.


The PO box is by lookers. S right by Lookers. No PO box. I'm still not off for shaking notes either. He stepped on it, shaking Up. They gonna get you. We Got a good laugh at that for another five minutes. Y'all was talking about some other shit. We Cracking. Oh man. Man, big man Hootie. Who? Yep. Working out Here moving and shaking. That's it. That's all attention you get from me. Big. I ain't Nigga never quit nigga don't stop believing journey nigga. I'm on your yo. I'm proud of you nigga. Thank you. We, I doubted you. I was the first one. Hell get outta here. Pack it up. She drove her audio fucked up. P it. Yeah. You came like Queen Sheba nigga correcting me.


Yeah. Yeah. See that Meet and greet not just correct. There you go. I see. Not just correct. Pack me up. No, no. See she'd being nice. Come on, get in your bag. No, I didn You smoking on smoking on Annie proper Shit. Shit. Smoking Onpro get this shit off. All the shit he did to you. No, No. And the meet and greet. The nigga smoke. So passing books, passing my blunt. So much Grace. So much grace in class. You lucky boy. Always, always lucky she got Grace. You gonna Lie to you. Your Ankles smoking on that. Smoking on that Ky stop. Yeah nigga, what's up? Stop JB n nigga. Yeah, all listen I'm in a great great great mood today.


I have no idea why. I think my BM are getting too comfortable with me too. Yeah. Who? My baby mom's. Why isn't that a good thing? Yeah, I was about to say. What's the problem with that? I mean, It is a good thing. I mean, she text me over the weekend, Hey, Running to the mall just in Encount buying some new clothes if you wanna send something over. So I sent something over naturally. Yeah, you gotta stop that as a baby dad though. You can't do things you would naturally do. 'cause it's a trick. 'cause I wanted to send a text but I didn't just say, Hey big dog. Ain't that supposed to be, ain't that like one of the things in the, when you do the monthly, the shit ain't that included.


But you can't say that. You can't say that. So I didn't say it. I backed a bat it in. I just got a bat it in. You just sent it. I just sent it. Just sent it. Look at y'all. Y'all so star. They so stupid. But ain't it, It is supposed to be included. Yes, I would think so. Yeah. Yo, I'm gonna ask y'all later about Jimmy Butler and the $55,000 child support increase and how y'all feel about it. So even if y'all run away from this, it's coming back. I'm gonna get y'all, it's coming back. It is definitely coming back. All right. I was gonna start with some Jam. Jam and Kim with some, with some Cam and Jim, but too close to home.


Yeah, too close. Too close. And And my heart is heavy. My heart is heavy over this. All right, Who's ready to go? Let's go. We are. Yeah. Why the fuck not big em? EL Live your life, girl. Mic check. Mic Check. One, 2, 1, 2. Mic check. Mic Check. One, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2. You know what I mean? So happy to be here with y'all. So happy y'all are here with me. Let's go.


Shout to all the happy couples out there. Lot of y'all popping out revealing your significant others and babies. Y'all popping out with the babies. Lot Of babies, lot Of pregnancies out there. Shout to y'all. All the happy covers, all the miserable covers, covers wherever you might be listening from. Wait a minute, everybody who could walk out the house past midnight, mean shout to y'all. Shout y'all Shout to the Hey listeners, all the subgroups out there, all boys and girls out there, all the streaming niggas out there.


What's good? What's good Always for the the S that nick down. Shit. Brooklyn, what's good? Don't the sauce, the all that my people's loving. Damn Long Island. What's going on? B, the newspaper up. Let's go. Let go.


You know, they want to take a nigga picture Delaware people to Carolina now. Streets for real. Detroit. What's going on out there? What up quick temp. Dallas. Dallas, Dallas, whatever. Y'all good? Y'all good? Y'all good? Y'all good? Good, good. Hey, the Carolina San Diego still. I'm letting go. I'm letting go aggressive.


Look, I used to speed excessive. It is Jay-Z. Man pot. Sometimes you guys are fucking funny rings. Life on serves sinking. I don know to tell the truth. Yes sir. Dope. All the children. Listen. Everybody in school, everybody in college, Lord, everybody on out there. Everybody get to it. Get most cases when blazing won. Bullshit. I see it to the end. I right. So personal. My heart beating due the pen. Make no mistake about me. It's only one nigga.


Drugs. People understand that. Love it. Nothing. You make a motherfucker die breathing and you saying something. All the podcast is out there. Entrepreneurs out there, nine to five is out there. Yes sir. Yes sir. Voice nice and well rested, huh? Sounding like I got a good 82 in the talk.


Play with 'em if you want. Keep this applause going for the best guests in the world. News Biden, one of the largest podcasts in the world. Not just urban. Not just urban, not just urban. We Number one over there. But I want to bang with the whites. You know what I mean? We, we number one over there. But get me in the mix with the rest of them niggas. Yes Sir. All I got fucking small hands of soft mouth.


Okay, I'm doing just Mother lines. Whoa, shit. And that is not males drop. That's not males drop. But I am gonna have fun for at least two weeks with the button I am. And flip And mark, mark, mark, mark. What episode is this? 7 91. Welcome to episode 7 91 of the Joe Button podcast. Brought to you by Feud. By Powered by PrizePicks. PrizePicks Gang. I'm your humble, grateful gracious. Happy to be here and fully dressed. Host Joe Button here with a few really amazing people to my right.


Come on man. Huh? Me. Who? That didn't sound quite. Come on. Who? Come on man. We go Big male. Huh? Legend in this shit. Fuck is they talking about? I don't know. Another legend out there. Queens. Split. Queens get the money, huh? All Star line up. Big Ish. Wisest in Irvington. Come on man. Stop playing with us Scholar. Stop playing with us out here. Huh? Sky got shot. Yeah. Dual lives. He's like fucking the jackal himself. Wheels freeze the freest. Y'all know man, tormented you niggas out there with some tweets.


You bitch ass niggas back in the day. All ask around. Ask around. Huh? Mr. PhD himself. Huh? What? Stop playing with him. Stop playing with Big Mark Lamar Hill. Huh? Took a stand on CNN for us. I don know about it. Yeah. I didn sometimes. All that black ing shit. It hurts us. He, he bucked out with that. Just got the gig too. Just got, just got the gig. Just got renewed. But listen, God works in mysterious ways as part of bringing You right here. Back, back home. That's it. Back home with your people. Godda it. Mark Lamont Hill. Doctor is in the house. Parks. El Myra Finest is here.


What's popping? Poet is here. Corey is here. Ericson is here. Ian is here. Ke is here. Avon and Tan are here by remote. Happy Birthday. Avon. Hey, nobody got fired. We didn't downsize. Looking. Looking to add. Looking to add. Add some ensemble cast members. I mean, everybody's here. No trouble in sight. Gorgeous outside. Actually no mysteries. You know what I mean? What you want me to do? What do you want me to do? Hey, invest in the business man. Gotta invest in the business. How's everybody doing? How's everybody feeling?


What's going on in your mind? Hearts. Your souls. Your spirits. Talk to me. Talk to me. Feeling good. What's popping? Feeling great. Everything Is great. Last looks, last looks. Lint brushes, lip balm. Oh, last looks, Fuck all that shit that y'all like to do. You know what I mean? Last look Man. I was just way you saying take that stealer shit off season's over, bro. Yeah, you Yeah. I lost the bet. Oh, that was, oh bro. Oh, that was your last look. Oh shit. Shit. Unpled. Wow. Yeah man, you was the Purple Toes the match. Oh my God. What Else is happen? Put the hat On. Ice is changing outfit. Oh my, my God. You said fuck Yo. You look, look so funny in Raven's merchandise. I'm a man of my word man. Who you bet With. My cousin Andrew.


He hit the big Ravens fan. He was like, yo, you know, what was he, what was you going win some, some bread with The kick. He didn't even want the bread. He was just like, yo, you gotta go in there and wear, wear the raven shit. Freeze. Whole pot. Holy shit. Purple the Toes. That looks crazy on you. Crazy. It looked crazy. Buying it. That's sick. I was sick in the store. Keep Your seat. You gonna take it back? I was sick in the stick. I'm bet. Is a bet. Bet is a bet. I bet is bet A bet. A bet is a bet, man. What's popping? What's popping? Mel, glad to have you back. Thank You. Thank you very much. How was your weekend? How was everybody's weekend? Man? Mine was fabulous. Mine was good. Y y'all know I spoke about what's going on with my grandmother. Asked for the prayers and stuff.


She had a setback. But as of this morning, she's doing better. So good. That's good. Shout out to grandma happy. I mean, yeah, that's great news. I ain't gonna say nothing about Aunt Phyllis funeral. Nope. Would you like us to ask? Nope. Okay. No, I ain't asking. Rest in peace. Aunt Philis. Shout out. Peace. Peace. Shout to my family. Woke up Saturday morning, attend services. And that's all You get from Me, buddy. I know what that means. Yeah. You Was watching people in The funeral. No, I know what that means. Nope. You went, you went physically. Yes. Okay. I didn't say nothing. Zoom there. I didn't say nothing to nobody in my family about it neither. But maybe my mom. So Rest in peace. That further tells me what it means. My Aunt Phyllis, Was it one of them things where I think Aunt Janice put it together?


I don't know. Look, lemme Ask you. Lemme ask you. Lemme ask you. Was it one of those things where you looked at your mom and y'all was on the same page without saying no words? Well no. 'cause my mom was seated inside. Excuse me. So where Were you in the car? Didn't let you in? No, I get him. Get Please don't ask me. He was Physically, physically on the property. I get it. I get it. Phyllis funeral, bro. Nothing. No, you not a man that's late neither. We, we sent one of my favorite aunts off with a blast. Man, shout down on Phyllis. That's all that matters. Love it. That's what that matters. Rest. Peace though. That's it. We had a blast. Happy home going. They went out and they they did it. They did it. Okay. Wow. Okay. Old do it, Joe. No, no, no, no. I'm telling you, I'm in a good mood.


What we doing? What we doing? What we doing? What we doing? Where you wanna start? Where you want to go? Anywhere in the world. Where we at? What, what we got? What we got. Wanna gimme a take? Gimme a take. Gimme a take. Gimme a topic. Topic. Take, take, take how you feel, how you feel, how you feel. Topic. Take, take. Bold. Take bold take bold take. Hey, so what we got, what we got? Wanna start with Cam and Jim? We got to, I mean, nah, I don't want to, but, but yeah, we kind have to. No, we do have to Cam and Jim. It is heating up. So Monday came and everybody was waiting for Monday. Correct? Because before you say a word, I, I do. Got it. I'm shouting out Cam for the return. That's how that is. How you return.


It was over the plate for him. That thing was 300, 300,000 views in two hours. Mm. That thing was moving like hotcakes. We as a people love a mess. I know that. We don't never want to say that. We love to see a mess. Boy, do them numbers jump when it's a goddamn mess outside. So yeah, but then he double back. He got Elliot on episode two. Yeah. Listen to that Today. Which yeah, which I, you, you commend for being able to invite people that you had smoke with or that had smoke with you or negative things to say about you on your show. That is, I respect, that is a skill. That means you putting the gig first. So before we get into anything, I do wanna shout him out.


That's how you fucking return the show. He's doing it Ellie, he walked it all back. Of course. Yeah. He walked it back with Devon, which is fucked up. We love a mess. What he said on that other show down the Dow took off the cleanup was on Avon show. And that's family, but didn't get the same traction. So I'm glad that he was able to go on cam shit and clean it up. Elliot. Yeah. For 2025. Stop that. Take Elliot. That's a bad, I really liked The retort of, I wrote too. I was a rapper. Yeah, That was, that was great to me. Yeah. Elliot Was a rapper. No, no Can. Oh man. Can you go to Starbucks? Please, please go to Starbucks and get a hot apple cider.


For me, Elliot's thing is usually like, I'm a journalist, I'm A journalist. I've been writing, I've been telling stories, blah, blah, blah, blah. These rappers, athletes, so, and forth, so, so forth are not Got it. I understand that. But Cam Sartor was, I wrote too, since I was nine years old. It wasn't in the same format. But I'm a writer too. Still was writing. Understood. And I mean, Annie told him, people don't give a fuck about all of that writing shit today is personality based. If you out there chasing a guest than you already lose. Yeah. That is a fact. Like he was honest with him. None that I haven't already told Elliot a million times, but Whatever. Elliot wasn't all the way wrong though either. In what he Was, he was like 90%. It was all, he Was 90% wrong. The, the the, he Was dinosaur wrong.


He was all the way wrong. What's his 10% that he was Right? I I I And he didn't say it Well 'cause he was all the things on that show. Okay. But I, I think what's missing is when you are a journalist and then you open up the space to everybody who's not journalist, I'm fine with that. I don't care. But it can be confused and people can start to think that that other thing is journalism. And the danger of that is two things. One, it changes your expectations. Like every time Shannon Sharp interview somebody and people get mad at what he didn't ask and what he didn't do. It's like, he's not a journalist. He's like, he's like, that's not what I do. I'm not, don't, don't, don't expect that of me. But to me it also gives the guessing out. 'cause now they go to the places where they don't actually have to confront a journalist. Politicians do it all the time. They go on these shows that aren't gonna ask 'em real questions because they don't have to.


So that's the audience thing. The second thing for me is, you know what I, I'll I'll leave it there. For, for me that's the big, the big issue. I my I got a problem with your very first sentence and I'll toss it right to You. Because in real journalism, that doesn't take place either. It is, It is very, very few platform forms nationwide where the tough questions are asked. And that's in any forum, in any genre of journalism. Yeah. But it's not, we barely asked questions though. It's not unique journalism anymore. This ain't the, I don't even think it was happening back then. But it's not just about the tough question, it's also about the preparation that goes into it. It's about knowing the story, reading the story, being informed on the story. Those are things also ethics, ethics, Ethics. A lot of times you got these folks that are come in there and say, yo, we are not talking about this. We're not talking about this ethics.


We're not talking about this. We're not talking about that. And all your preparation, you was prepared to ask them about A, B, C, D. Yeah. And they tell you, we can't touch this ethics. And since when has journalism or either we touch it or we not doing it. If you trying to touch it, we not doing an interview. I feel you. I I'm, again, I'm, What's happened Is these, these these acts have taken the power back to themselves. That's true. See that That's really what It Is. Then I'm okay with That. But that's where my issue is with this first sentence, which was you and then you open this up to No, nobody opened this up to these personalities. Nobody just created. And, and probably if they had the choice, Elliot might not have clearly by how he feels about things. But you didn't open it up.


We It is such a, it's such a, the illusion of some type of control that you have. That's true. Right. We didn't, the next generation after the pods, there's the streamers. After the journalists, there's the personalities. We needed the, the, the steward Scotts to run up in the companies and teach them what some sauce, the bridge. It was a bridge one and two, once the birth of the iPhone got here. Yeah. We are doing it ourselves now. So the journalists needed a publication or a publisher or some type of platform. It's the personalities that took this shit in our own hands.


And like, well that's not entirely true. Journalists Today, yeah. Journalists can Do the same thing. Different outlets. They, they can do the same today, everybody, Because we all have the same rights. But I'm talking about the chain of command that we grew up in, which was, because that's what Elliot talks about. And that's where Elliot made the say day double xl, the sauce. But I think hip Hop, that's what I think it's a, a almost, let me word this right. I think it's almost a jealousy thing. Because what happens is a lot of journalists were behind closed doors. And a lot of them niggas got the personality of a wet mop. And so when you get this athlete or when you get this rapper, or when you get this other individual who's charismatic that didn't come from a journalistic background, they didn't have formal training in journalism.


But when they get on that microphone, IE Joe and get the going, it gets to going. Yeah. And so now you putting these niggas, it's More sauce Dancing out of a Job. It's more sauce in the chili. Because I can learn the, I can learn the stats. Gilbert Arenas can learn the stats when, you know what I'm saying? But you can't take some of these journalists, sports journalists and give them what he got when You journalists was there. We had to taste the ground beef. We had to, it just tastes like journalists. It just tastes like, You know what I mean? It tastes like that's my problem with listening to Torre talk about Kendrick and fucking Drake. Not that he shouldn't, not that he don't have a really valid journalist to take an opinion. Journalist tore, well Tore It is sort of a journalist per I wanna hear.


Yeah. Throw some sauce in the mix. Everybody got their own sauce. The podcasters, the personalities, the streamers it wrong. But none, there's nothing wrong with the field having sauce. But my issue is at this point, sometimes we act as if there's no value to journalism that, that basically anybody can do it. But has It is, It is. It's like thinking about iPhone. Everybody takes pictures now, now we act. You don't actually need a photographer. There's something that a photographer can do that is a unique skill that no matter how many iPhones and high quality powerful cameras we pull out, they can't do unless you're trained at it and all. And again, I'm not mad at all these people having platforms. I think they should, You know what I mean? I think they should. I think they should do it. I ain't got nothing bad to say about that. I'm just saying that sometimes in the midst of that, we lose the value of actual journalism. That's all I'm saying.


I agree with Marcus. A lot of people, like a lot of journalists think I don't, I don, that's, I don't agree with that. I think that's a small sample side. People, I think that we all all, Which is why I said 10% of What he said. I think journalists, podcasters, media members and artists all scratch each other's backs. And if we just realize that and recognize that we could all be Cool, man. I I think the journalists used to It was only them. Yeah. Like now it shooting. They was the, they was the gatekeepers. Now it was like you had to go and interview with this journalist. That's because you're, you're not being talked about in X xl. If you don't go sit with Elliot and let him talk True now we don't need you. That's right. And that's a big part why they met Opened up and now they could do this. They could do that. I could go over here, I could go here. I could upload and talk to myself. I could talk to whoever I want and still get it out There. When the gig need a Journalist, y'all shot power.


That's what happened. They call one, I wanna see r Kelly with Gale King and not act, But now R Kelly don't gotta go to Gale King because he can go to those other places that won't press him or won't do the research. Don't have the resources or the interests to do that. But just don't care about Mark. Why do, why do you necessarily think that that's true? I think that if if, if some, if somebody had somebody I, if, if if Kamala Harris would've came and sat down with us, I think everybody in their own right would've done as much research at home as possible to make that interview interesting. And, and, and provocative. I don't think that we would've just sat here. Like that's so you, you kind of, and this is the my thing.


I'm never hear nobody dish journalist. I hear the journalists diss the other people. It is not the other way around. Nobody's jealous of the journalists. The journalists are jealous of the athletes or the rappers or the other people that have jumped into this particular medium. It is the other, yeah, it's, well, In fairness to journalists, they have fucking decimated. Right? They, They're the ones that lost Print media, especially, I'm not disagreeing. So they're defensive for, So go find a Swaggy way To journal. Agree, agree. Who care. Listen, anybody can go to school for journalism. But journalists that's trying to be content creators, not everyone can be a content creator. Not everyone has that source. So I can, I disagree. I can pick up right now and decide to go to school.


I said, You a hater. You said you Disagree. Yeah. I disagree with the pro. I could pick up right now and decide to go to school and be a journalist. But a, a journalist cannot come into the field and interview a nigga with the sauce and a swag. Yes. Theist. They Told me you're gonna be a good journalist by the way. But that's what I'm Saying. Journalism is still a creative platform. Yes. Just 'cause you say, Hey, I wanna Go school Journalist. Don't mean you're gonna be a fucking good journalist. But, but I'm pretty sure, I'm pretty sure with my character and my uniqueness and originality, it would get more recognition maybe than a journalist that put the work in for over the years. But this time, this day and age, Somebody close this out because journalists are not important enough for the A block on this show. Except that every story we talk about on this show is based on reporting, original reporting that somebody did, which is journalism.


Journalism isn't just the interview. Journalism is actually breaking a story. Creating a story. Developing a story. So by the time you get to the newspaper, by the time we get on that board, everything on that board only exists because a journalist gets it. That's Not true. That's not true. That's not true. True. Not, that's not true. But Not everything alright with I, I'll take a step back. I don't even think A lot of things, A lot of that don't because we get to see it in real time now Hear social out social media, hear out, hear me out. I overstated that point. I co See that point. Gotcha. I don't wanna stay in, in that, in that minor point. Let's take the bigger point I'm making, which is that the, the news that we talk about in the world gets reported. You're saying anybody can, can, can be a journalist, but not everybody can be a content creator. True. And I could say the opposite. I could say anybody can make content, but not everybody has the skills, the mind, the discipline, the research abilities to do journalism.


I agree with that. You could learn. But the truth is in the middle you could be a mediocre journalist or you could be a mediocre content creator. They both are legitimate skills. But again, the world has now shifted where it's like journalism is just the, the facts and this is the real talent. And that's not true. That's what I'm saying. I think Got it. That may be true. I just can't identify with that. The demand for journalism is down the fucking best. That's A fact. I'm not me. That's it. People, People have, people don't want, people don't give a fuck about the tenets of journalism. That's it. Objectivity truth, truthfulness and accuracy. Yeah. People don't give a fuck. A lie can get halfway around the world before the truth gets it. Its pants on and nobody fucking cares. But would you be able to, you would you, Mel you would you And we not gonna, they're Gonna say that I'm being a dick.


But somebody closing? In closing. Go ahead. Ask. I would like to talk about Kim. Jim and Jim. Close it Off. What does Jim, I was just gonna ask Mel from her experience, 'cause Mel is very intellectual when she reports on something Right. And when she talks about something, but male has also has to shift to be more of a content creator to get more people to see. I'll say I'll, I'll just say this as an answer. I'm, I didn't go to school for journalism, but I have a lot of respect for, for that, for the craft of journalism. So I try to apply journalistic ethics. You do when I do my interviews, but I never claim to be a journalist because I didn't go to school for it.


I don't have the degree, but I really have like a large amount of respect for the ethics and I try to adhere to them when I am in an interview. Got it. And that's what how I'll leave it. We go, yeah, I woke up this morning to Jim Jones, that snippet of, of Jim Jones' song, which was, it didn't get to the part where he was really getting at, where he was getting at. Cam and Jim. Cam and Jim. No, no. I mean not Cam killing me Cam and 50 Cam and 50. Thank you. But, but I was like, okay this is round two. I heard your last episode. We, we were kind of, y'all were kind of debating whether they would even be a response and what the response would be. That's why I was, I was trying to get y'all take on that. Like how do you feel about Cam's response this morning at when he really kind of broke down all the things Personally.


Oh, new niggas knew a response was coming. Yeah. Know Cam, you knew a response was coming. He's been telling you a response was coming. I think Cam took it light. Honestly, I don't think he said anything that hasn't really already been said. I, I saw people talking about the the Jim BM Fs story, but Jim told that story, you know, I, these things are information that's already out there. I think he did show some form of, yo I'm gonna address this. I don't wanna do this no more and I'm done. But he didn't go as hard as we know Cam to go. And I think he, that was out some, some form of love still there. Well he said it, he said, I notice a pattern when people are aggressive with you.


It is peace. But people like me who love you, you do this with. So he he said that out his mouth. He did. He did. And we've seen this before. That's my thing. Like we, we saw this back when Jim went up on Flex a couple years ago, I don't know, about seven, eight years. We, we saw this exact same thing. Cam uploaded a response and kind of said a lot of this same shit. A lot of the same exact shit. So again, it's just repeating certain points. I still don't like it. I just don't like it playing out like this. That's my thing. I don't like any of it. Hate it. Let me, let me preface anything I have to say in this conversation with, I hate it as a New Yorker, new Jerseyan, same.


Don't like it at all. I don't like it. And while he said some of these or most of these points before Cam, I feel like it's different because we continue to see y'all together. So we've seen y'all do the verses. We've seen y'all do the ki ad in Madison Square Garden. That was big for me. Dipset still is personifies New York. I'm sure ki felt the same way. So it's different after you see them. I think they were rumored to go on tour at one point. I think that was the locks tour. I I might be freestyling right now. That That's So for it to happen now after all of that is like, okay, what, what has, what's happened?


What's gone wrong? Maybe nothing. Maybe we just are able to work through tension That that's what I take from it. Yeah. I think the bag we not cool. We not cool but got business the bag Together and that's what They, and I'm not gonna let it fuck the money up. Yeah. They hadn't seen each other before the verses and then they say we ain't talking after the verses. I looked at the way Cam even promoted the verses. Jim and Joelle's was going hard for weeks. Not a pee from Cam until like the day before or something. And he put the flyer up or something and said Yo switch the check cleared. No that's all he said. It was like I basically, this is business. I got paid. Here's what I, here's my obligation to post. See y'all there. Even there, I talked to some people that were at the verses over there on that side with them and they was like, yo, we didn't know if Cam was coming.


No. They said Cam was about to leave. No, no, no. I was there. We Cam came like the, nobody knew Cam was coming. Yeah. The way, the direction he came, he came and went upstairs. They didn't see him. It was no communication between them, them niggas. Yeah. Because Joelle's and Capo was in the same dressing room by the exit. Nobody Cam wasn't there Cam, I think Cam was upstairs and nobody knew. They Was like, we don't even know if he gonna show. That's I, that was what I was told From folks And as Steve South, I mean Cam was saying the whole time like he never wanted to do this. He always wanted to do a tour. It was always more lucrative they wanted to do versus he wanted to do the tour and they just decided he gave in after the check got Right. Which I understand Even in even in, even in that they said that Cam was the reason that the check got Right.


Right. Jada Kiss said shout to Cam they was going, they accepted a dollar amount. Cam did the negotiation for everybody. Yeah. And they got a way bigger bigger payday. Yep. Than what they was gonna get originally even in that business said they Cam got all the money like yo we He, In order to get him here, hey we you take ours. Oh. Oh wow. So it's like this is just business. I don't fuck with y'all. Y'all know I don't fuck with y'all but I'm not about, I'm about my money. Hmm. I would just think I didn't like hearing Cam Belittle Dipset and not belittle, but to him it was just like he minimized it. Yo this shit was from oh one to oh 8 0 9 and that was it.


Like that's it. It's over. And I'm like, that is a New Yorker bro. Not as a New Yorker nigga. We See the after effects Of what y'all did and what y'all built and how people feel About you. Part of A large part of why New York get to talk like New York. It is 'cause of dip Set. That's a fact. So yeah, it bothers me to hear From to see this from a fan standpoint. Yeah. But Gam is looking as a it was, he sounded heard at whatever Jim said. He sounded her, let's say hypothetically Jim was like, yo, I came up with the pink. I came up with the aesthetic. But when he mentioned it, he was like, you built the whole everything.


Now if you took it like that, I understand Cam feel in a way if you took it like something I created my man or anybody else is running around saying he's the sole person responsible for it or in large part responsible for it, you're gonna take offense. You're gonna take offense. But we've seen like again when Jim, Jim, they tell a story of when Jim created Bird game Cam go and trademarks it like It is been moves here where it's like I'm just about the business. Like I don't see all of that's personal. I don't know. I don't want to get into nothing personal. I agree. I'm, I'm a fan of the movement. Same. This bothers me. I hate it. All of that personal, whatever's really going on between these niggas, I don't wanna know.


I feel Like we shouldn't, I don't even, I I don't even like hearing it. I don't if y'all got beef or whatever you want, I don't wanna call it beef. If y'all have friction static, whatever, I kind of want y'all to just be able to deal with that. I, I don't feel like the public should even hear this. I do think hate that shit though. I do think Cam took it easy on him. But I also think that Jim kind of could predict that Cam would have a response and his name would get trending. Like Jim been in this shit for a long time. He didn't just by happen happenstance sit with Justin Laboy and give him all of this shit. Right. I don't believe that. I believe if he gave him, gave him what he gave him, he knew what was coming and had a plan. His caption underneath the, the freestyle says who am I to fuck this moment up or or miss this moment.


I got an album coming, I got a movie coming, everything is coming and I'm dropping something now. So I mean he ain't niggas ain't stupid out here. Yeah. Now as much as I hate to hear from it, boy did I laugh at some of the shit Cam said. Now I'm laughing as a 44-year-old man. Cam's funny. Cam is fucking hilarious as hell. Well Cam is funny but I wasn't laughing at Cam trying to be funny to Jim because I love him both. I'm not in that. I'm just laughing as like an adult at some of the shit Cam was saying. He said Yo nigga you not you not from Harlem. He name, he named four blocks. He named four to five blocks and said we see you nowhere.


I was like okay all this man. Wait what Else he said that was funny. He said some funny shit. Oh. He said when he went in his, on his diatribe about all the people that Jim has pieced it up with. See Campbell's doing that to be funny. I think that's dope. It is. Yeah. And he said it was dope at the end. At the end he said that he was still but you know why he said I think that's, I think it's dope to piece it up with people that you had friction with esp. Especially if niggas got to shooting over it. That's kind of fly to me. When he was telling his the Jim Jones origin story of yo we was already outside me bloodshed, McGruff, yada yada y and we would see you and you would say Yo y'all niggas is I got the free crib.


Y niggas is hot right now. YI hear what you doing. Like you was a fan. I was like okay you gotta take his word on on what happened. But what's wrong with that? Y'all was hot as fish grease If Jim is around, yeah yo y'all killing, you wanna come through the free crib. If I like Jim is a hustler, has embodied that sense and Jim was in what made the world to you, which is 98 8. Once you get to talking about children of the corn and all of that, that's for the heads. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's for the heads. But when you got your shot, Jim was next to you and I have to assume that you saw value in it 'cause you kept him there.


I hate to see him go. I hate, I I just hate to see him do this. Can we just add though, the comedic value was enhanced by Mace snickering in the background while eating hardcore. That shit was amazing. That was the best part to me. Every time when he's like you was in the ocean nigga tasting water, all you hear is Mace laughing. That shit was perfect. Well I don't have to, I don't have to say nothing about told you how to rap. Damn. I'm not, I'm not sound To be funny. No, no It is just Damn what is there for me to say. I taught you how to rap and you say it what? Gimme some popcorn. He Said in the new joint too. Yeah. Niggas taught me how to rap. I went platinum And I and he and he did and he did And he rapping kind of good these days. He been rapping good.


Jim been rapping good. Been rapping good. I'm just At this age he's still rapping good. He's still getting better. Yeah, I can, every project Jim keeps getting better. I've been saying this for years, that's a fact. But Jim Duke keep alluding to, I gotta move this way and do what I gotta do. 'cause the lieutenant ain't take care of the Coppo. Yeah. Like I don't know what that means. Like they got personal shit with That's personal shit man, that That only them two will know. Yeah. It'd be so, it'd be so hard to to speak on when two of your friends go at it. It is hard to speak on it man. 'cause you gotta be, that's why I Like you gotta wear the socks. I I Like the way you, I Gotta wear capo socks and the cam socks, right? Both. Yeah.


I mean it's, It is, cam is funny if you know where Cam come from and how he speaks. It is funny. And Jim, you just respect Jim on how he handles things. Man, I, I do think that I am, I like how Jim is preparing to drop a album and taking advantage of the opportunity. Man, he's a, he's always been a businessman and Cam as well has been a good businessman. It's just a lot of things on the inside and that shit happens when you come up. When you come up, you know, we look at the person that put us on to feel like, yo, you coulda did more and you should have did more. But we don't know or we don't remember the sacrifice they had to make to get us in that position. Mm. I'm not saying anything about Capo and Cam, I'm just, I'm pretty sure that Cam has a reason and Jim has reason a lot of shit with the, that whole Harlem shit man is different.


When it come to the bread man It is, It is different When it come to the bread, them niggas be, yo, you ain't paid me yo, you ain't do this yo damn you ain't do this. It's just crazy. It's a lot of shit that come with that and they piece it up. So I guess it's all about business. Me, I, I can't do that. I be, it'd be too personal for me nigga. You have to gimme a bag to calm down nigga. Like pay me my back in retroactive shit, then I'm gonna be cool. You know what I mean? That was the Other part that was funny about what Cam was saying. He was saying, no, you're not from Harlem. You're not from Harlem. And Cam could say all Of this nigga brought up Jaja name. He started picking up that Nigga's name. They was, they they was getting real Harlem Me. Yeah. But he could say all of this stuff but me as a listener, you know I know a lot of Bronx niggas that claim Harlem.


I do. Me too. I didn't really think about it until they started doing it. I knew a lot of Bronx niggas that took that trek over that little bridge and spent they time in Harlem and they, they say your grandma lived here used to come over here. Yes. And I was like, Well Then if, if my grandma is over there and I'm coming over there, I'm always over there. I ran around here. I mean and it don't help that. I mean my whole professional career Jim did from Harlem. Yeah. As a New Yorker. Whether Kim is right or not, Jim is from all, I'm gonna ask you a question real quick. You hear that when Jim allude to yo the lieutenant On the east side, You hear when Jim allude to the lieutenant not taking care of the Coppo, then you hear the other niggas, some niggas that was a part of Burger Gang say that Jim didn't take care of them.


Right. So like See I don't hear none of that. Before you did. Not recently like but that was some of the things that when I interviewed Jaja she said, or you know different people said, yo Jim ain't do this and stuff like that. Or Jim did this or did it like this. Do you feel like once we get in a position in life, you being from the industry that I'm not from the industry, Excuse me, I don know what the fuck you doing. Yeah, but don't Do that. Alright. Do you feel like You, that nigga trying To play, do you feel like we start to pocket watch and we start to get, or we do you, where does that come from? Is other niggas in our air? Is it pocket watching? Is it knowing your worth? When I think It's Everything. Okay.


Expectations is a big one Too. Yeah. Expectations. Yeah. So we are not doing it from the heart. We are doing it with expectations. We're doing it for our own reasons. There's no artist alive that didn't think the person running their shit couldn't have done more. But A lot of Time it do be nigga in your ear Too. That's what I'm saying. They're telling you like, yo, he should be doing this. This should be happening. Oh look, if he doing that, why are you not doing This? Why am I not? You start to believe that. Why am I not at the hip hop awards? Why am I not at the after party? Why am I not at the BMI ceremony? Why, you know how many times during the year there are for a artist to say, Hey, why did that happen for me? Like, consumers don't ever really look at that, but almost every week a artist could find a reason to say, why not me?


And It is tough And it's easy to pass that buck on to the people that brought you in. Yeah. Okay. Know You what I'm saying. That's I wanted, oh damn, he wasn't looking out for me. He was at the Grammys. Why was not at the Grammys? Well, maybe you weren't supposed to be at the Grammys. Maybe there's a bunch of reasons why it wouldn't. I think people just wanted to be in the business to know the logistics of it. Like they wanted to be in it. They don't wanna take the word of the person that's putting them on. Right. They want to be like, I want to be in the room when the business deals is going on, instead of just trusting your man word. And I think that's that thing that goes on in this business since the beginning of time. For me, the Put on is a put on It is a opportunity Exactly. For you To do get it popping To do something.


Yeah. For you. Yeah. Hey, Yo, real quick. But a lot of people don't take it. They Don't listen. A lot of people take a put on as a handheld. Yes. Right? Yeah. Like you Have to escort me to the top. Right. That's Why I cut hands off. Yeah. I cut their hands. Right. I don't play none of that shit. That's another reason why we ain't never getting into managing artists and all that. The expectations of an act Now. I mean, you could just make, but I wanna just be honest and speaking from experience. 'cause Cam got me a bag before. Right. But, and, and, and when I was going through what I was going through, I just made it look good and the niggas thought I was getting more than what I, I was getting. So if I got a new truck based off of a skit and a nigga like, yo nigga, we over here struggling, but you pulling up with a new truck, you didn't understand how I got it.


So we make, sometimes you can make it look good for, That's another big part of it. For sure. You Right. And then it, it would make the people that you with feel away, instead of just asking A lot of music in entertainment business is someone front and like they smoke did something crazy, but they really pull a string over here or got something on Yo it's crazy Parks and niggas took that church nigga wrote me a letter. Oh, you got a new truck about it happened. And it's like, nigga, well you don't know. I, we still in the same position. I was just able to leverage some shit to get this shit right. But that don't matter after everything is selling Or I had a deal over here that had nothing to do with what we're doing musically. Exactly. And that's where I bought the shit from my own real estate had, or Nigga, Go buy your own truck, nigga. Fuck you talking about? Stop strip, buy your own truck. Yeah. Yeah. But if they, but but Ish, if they feel like they putting in the work to help you get to a level and they feel like that you didn't, like if I, if I go and say we have no money, this business that we are in is not making any money.


Right. And then you see me pull up with a truck, then to them it's like, yo, you're lying to me. You're lying to me. But that's not what It is. Or you hiding the money. Sellings ain't facts my nigga. I agree. I agree. And that's where trust come in. Is It, is there a way to be a rap group and this not happen because it's so, I mean, I look at the locks. That's a great example of like the group staying together. De la Olas probably the only two De La And then after that, I don't even know who else. I can't even think of nobody else. I mean, it seems like most groups don't last. Is this just an inevitable, inevitable part of being a music act or a hip hop act? Like, I mean hip hop especially, it's usually a lot of alphas. Mm. Like no one wants to listen to a rap group with like some passive dudes.


Usually. That's pretty rare. It's not hip hop in regular business, business break up. You just don't hear about, it's not, that's it's not publicized. You're not on a front row with a fan base. That's millions of people strong. The niggas that might have started Apple or the niggas that started this company know the niggas that started that's company. They may have dissolved that friendship and that partnership after a period of time. It is again, it's just not in the forefront. Well there's just less nostalgia with Apple than there is with a album or a group. No fan base. It's no fan base that people still Identify. Exactly. Dip said, we're not using the Apple from 1983. Yes. Yes to that. But in business It is typically assumed that all parties know how business goes.


That I was about To say that part too. I was gonna say a lot us come from a place where we don't have any business background. We, you know what I mean? That's true too. We, no not, not shouting at nobody that never went to school. But people don't even have the foundational pieces that come with business 1 0 1. That's true in school. So again, I'm, I'm an advocate of college, but you learn certain shit on your climb and a lot of these people never learn that shit. And so they be butting heads on like Little, Little, little foundational shit because none of the people involved no Business Boy. And that's compounded by, right? Like if our relationship spans over the course of 30 years and we started broke, then you got Rich, then you got broke and then I got Rich and then we had argument over this song Outta Money Should Be Broken up.


And then you got a artist and then they got Rich and then you signed Vato. And it like, It is 20 years of different points that could be strenuous to the relationship. Business aside, just you dealing with your emotions, having to watch 30 years of whatever you've seen from your man. Like it's tough. It's tough. I ain't gonna hold you. It is, It is tough. And again, in rap And that's why you see so many people go through it. And again, in rap, rappers are the man, but in a group it's hard to have 2, 3, 4 or 5, 6, 7, 8. Wu-Tang was nine 10 demands. That's difficult to manage that. Yeah. I mean Praise.


Yeah. Crazy. Like imagine going to going to fucking you in a group and now you gotta go tell the group members, yo I'm the man. Like just try It is like a band. The man. Yeah. You was a little more clear. It Is different. Yeah. It's tough to say like Mel wanted to be on the billboard. Like there's no way, there's no way to say, Hey Mel, you're the man. Thank you. I appreciate that. Yo, yo Joe, real quick. A lot of people try to discredit Jim, but you know, like he was the director of a lot of those videos like Santana Town, like he the Dipset anthem. Like he really put his work in when it came to that.


So that's the underlying piece for me too. It's not, it's the money and it's also the, sometimes people don't feel celebrated because in some groups there is a clear alpha and everybody's not the alpha. Right. And the people who aren't though feel like they get ignored. So Jim, for a long time, based on interviews I've seen, has felt, felt like people weren't celebrating enough what his contribution was. Or if you look at other rap groups, you know, people don't realize it. I was writing these rhymes or I was doing these beats, I was doing this and I didn't get credit for it. And I think a lot of times that that that ego thing or that insecurity thing builds up, I'm, and that goes a long way. You See that property, you See that, go ahead. I'm Sorry. That's an ego thing. I was about to say. That's the ego thing. A lot of people not really willing to play the background. True. You know what I'm saying? Like everybody ain't big, you know what I'm saying?


Like you gotta, you gotta think about very few people in hip hop or Chic have played that role. Like, I don't give a fuck as long as the money coming in, I'm good. I don't need my face on the cover. I don't need none of that shit. Right. Everybody can't really do that. And that's, to me, that's an ego thing and an insecurity thing For sure. Hmm. Yes. Again, I'm not disagreeing, but if I'm doing all of this shit, I'm, I don't have an ego because I want my credit, I want my name at the end of the movie to say, Hey Style by Joe Button or Visual by Credit. So there for a reason, like yeah, it's on the back of the movie.


But yeah, my family's waiting to see my name up there. Cool. So yeah, that's on the per I gotta be at the trailer. I think that's on the person. If you want, if you want your hard work and all of your fucking shit that you got going on to be credited to you, then you have to put yourself in an infrastructure to where It is like that. Yeah. It's also difficult sometimes to know that at the time what you're doing is what you're doing. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, he, he may have just been going shopping and finding some clothes, not realizing that is a title that could be a be credited, you know what I'm saying? I gave You the outfits, I gave you the Direction. But you find that out later on though, Paul, right? Yeah. No doubt. You find out as you find out, as you become a part of the business that, oh, because initially when things are happening, we don't wanna do the research.


We trust the person that's putting us on. Right. I'm gonna trust you. We don't do the research. But if you take your time and, and read, you know, the, the fine print or understand it in real time and maybe sometimes we feel like if we do take that time that we may miss an opportunity. Right. I think that's how we were bred in society or the neighborhoods that we come from. You know, every opportunity, you know, you don't wanna miss the opportunity so you jump on it fast or somebody else would get on it. What If, what if we learned together? But sometimes the people that's I'm, I'm You Right. But sometimes people, a lot of times We on the fly, sometimes the people that's interested, they, they're not interested in everyone. So a lot of times you won't be able to, you won't be able to learn together. Great point. True. True. That makes Sense. Great point.


Listen, take me out the group chat. These gentlemen love each other. I love them and are millionaires. Yes they are. And did it slew to both? Did that mean anything that they talking about or got going on is personal to them And It is none of my business get me out of it. Even though I'm always happy to get new gym music. For sure. Always happy to get new gym music and love everything that Cam's doing over there and love the freestyles in the front of the ship. Yeah, shit's fine. But Jim and Cam for me is up there with Hove and Dame Wayne and Baby Outkast. It's up there.


Outkast. It is up there. Yeah, it's up there. It is one of the greatest relationship Breakups. Friend rivals. Yeah. Yeah. Frenemies Be nasty though. And I don, but I don't want even say rivals 'cause they love each Other. Well, rivals maybe friend, competitors. Yeah. Whatever. However you wanna word it. Friends gone unfriended. I don't know. Yeah. Frenemies. Like they're FIEs. I don't dunno if they're really enemies. No though either. You know what I mean? So competitors frenemies. That's why it's frenemies. Friend competitors. Friend competitors Fucking crazy. Oh my Lord. I don't think they're enemies. I don't think it's real.


No, I don't think they're enemies neither. I don't think they love each other. But I do, I do agree with Mark though. When he said that, you know, when Joe just mentioned the different frenemies or from competitors, whatever he said, how, you know, when you, it looks crazy. None of them, everybody falls out the same way. Yeah. And It is like a pattern. Yeah. When is it gonna change? Who's gonna stay? You know, you talking about De La Soul, I don't, you know, salute to them, but the young niggas don't know about I'm De la Soul had nothing to fight about because label keeping all that shit, Same fight Ain't No tension. The relationship we both broke. It had to be, it had to be friends for 40 years. The label will give us our shit one day.


Shout to day soul man. Shout to shout to everybody man. Rest in Peace Dave. Speaking of friendships, we, I keep watching this Drake LeBron thing bubble up. And last week I was frustrated. I've been mad at LeBron about this actually one of, I was mad that he made me take Drake's side. You know what I mean? Like, you know what, you probably been a bad friend who Right? I'm just saying. But like, ooh, I know. Look, whatever. What a fucking pussy look. But now when I'm hearing all the stuff, you know, I've seen the, you know, the, all the stuff, you know the, the act stuff I've seen the right, the, the, the dms, all that stuff.


It's just a lot of dry snitching and I can't respect that. It is, It is, to me, this is something Drake can't recover from more than losing a battle or even suing Universal. To me this is like the worst of the worst thing you could do to somebody. It's bad In my opinion. I still think he could recover from This And outplay Drake, what did I do? I didn't technically do anything. That's why I could recover. Does anybody not believe that he's Edo in this? You can't prove it. One and then number Can't prove it. Yes, that DM looked funny, but you can't prove that I'm doing that.


Or, Or even in a DM situation, let's say hypothetically you're talking to your person you think is your friend about a scenario or something just in confidence. It wasn't, you knew that wasn't Not your friend, but still something in confidence. Still do whatever the case may be. You talking to somebody and you're explaining to them why you're upset about something and you use that as an analogy. I would never use that as an, It's nasty and it's corny, but you can't prove that it's with malice. This is some white man shit Man. What about the freestyle? You can't prove that. That's with malice. So what do you, what do you, what do you call it? I didn't, I didn't say a name.


I hate that y'all making me take this side. No, No. I'm just, somebody have say you having a conversation, don't make me have to ruin your public image. Yes, I'm talking about LeBron, but who knows how I'm talking about that and I didn't say his name. That's a lot of circumstantial evidence though. That's what I'm saying. It is, It is circumstantial evidence. But It's a lot of, if you include real, real niggas know. Right. That's all I'm saying. And I guess real niggas ain't his fan so real niggas No. Yeah, Exactly. That's fair. That's why He could bounce back. It's disgusting though. It's really disgusting. I I, I, yeah, didn didn't expect this From real. The real nigga nowadays in this culture, like that shit is so good point. Come on dog. Yeah, That real nigga shit is over. That Shit is played out. How about this basic human decency? Oh that bitter.


So If that's the case then, then he has a strong point. Yeah. Talking, basing human decency. Then you got me cap for him. He got A right to be tight. Yeah, but you don't, you don't get tight and then respond by doing some white man shit. You don't Dictate how somebody responds to you. Disrespect. We talking about real nigga shits. Yes you do. No you don't. You there's ethics and response. It is exactly. There is ethics and response. If you slap me, I can't shoot up the, I can't shoot up your block. Who says, Who says though? Who? Why not Shouldn't I shouldn't. Who's in? Who says If I, nobody says But It is that there's Rules of engagement. It's not, no, it's not. If I smack Mel, I mean if I smack mark right now and he slammed me on that table and stomp the dog shit outta me. Whoa. Whoa. He's not Wrongest. I, whoa. He's not wrong.


Wrong. Y'all know my rule. He's wrong. I do this playing. He ain't wrong. I said to me, he would be wrong to you 'cause he breaking your shit. Y'all break the Table. I be playing on breaking that. But if I went to your family reunion and shot up the whole family, everybody would say that shit's too far. That's all I'm saying. Far to them not to. You determine what's too far for you. That Is what's, that is what's happening out here. And that's really what's happening out here. New year, you punch a motherfucker in the face In the club. Wait, shoot. Saying wait, hold up. Lemme we're Saying fuck Mors. I'm not saying that saying fuck Moral New Year, new Year's Eve, but we're co-sign at Amazon. And this is a popular thing now where people are afraid to go to the funeral of the person that they love that just died because they come in there to clear the funeral.


That's not new. That ain't new. That's been going on for decades. The Chicago News Was doing that back in 2015. LA niggas was Doing that shit. Don't tell me about all these other places I don't know nothing about. I'm just New York. That was not a popular thing. It wasn't All, you guys Guys are insane. Why we insane The take you guys have right now is in direct opposition. I'm going back like months and months and months when we were watching Love and Death Get a Mel and we were talking about the consequences of actions and I was just like, there's consequences to your actions. It may not be, it may be like, you know, a really like intense consequence that might not match up to what the actions were, but there's still consequences.


And y'all Were like, I don I don't remember yesterday. I don't even Know A love death is, I'm trying to Remember the show. Love and Death was where Candy, the chick with the fucking ax. Okay. When she killed the neighbor. When She, when she killed, when she, when she killed her lover's wife. Yeah. I talking about Yeah. Her lover's wife. Yeah. Yeah. I remember that story. And you guys were, and I was basically, there's consequences to fucking cheating. You're like, but murder. And I was just like, you can't dictate what the consequences are going to be based on what the action was had put. Thank You. Said a story. Solid work. We just wanted, you know Yeah. Solid work teaching us how to change our take from pod to pod. Yeah. We went against we're hypocrites. I'm about, we went against you because it was just the right thing to do at that moment. We're hypocrites, man. Got it. Thank you. I appreciate you saying that. Yeah.


You know you are right and, and and, and You. Right. But we just Man, we talking about Dude Code. Yeah. And Dude Code, if you know that I'm cheating, you shouldn't say that at any point. True period. We don't, we don't have to. It ain't, it don't need a big deep dive and a whole unpacking. We know the dudes know what the code is, but the Problem is everybody don't subscribe the Dude Code. Well that's why you ain't supposed to. And that why you ain't fuck a lot y'all Who brings Dude Code. Right? Do not fucking adhere to Dude Code. You ask safety about this particular, let you fucking lie. Talk. Well, because I wanna hear Mark and Mel Go ahead Mel. I apologize. No, I was just saying a lot of dudes do not adhere.


They, they front like they adhere to Dude Code and then they are the biggest fucking pillow talkers in the fucking world. And gossip. Little bitches. What About bitch code? That's facts. It's not trauma. I, I didn't say nothing. It's not trauma. I quite enjoy it. You Do Dudes being bitches. Yeah. I think it's fucking hilarious. But I'm speaking about the men that do subscribe to Dude Code and well, I guess to your point that say that think they're associating with people that will Yeah. S that a, I don't know this man Mistake on there, But we've seen a pattern that show he don't really subscribe to Dude Code. And that's Why, that's what I don't respect. We've Seen a pattern.


Listen to You with Kendrick. If I do something with you that could potentially Then he shouldn't be the one to go get the girls and bring em back Bro. S Right. That's real. But let, let me say this right. Nevermind. No, no Sound. It's gonna sound for that it's gonna sound like I'm keeping for him. It don't matter. It don't matter. Say it don't matter. We talking, we turning a blind eye of niggas crossing him. No, no. We have wait. I I am We have What Was the what? The, I went to a, what was, what Was the Cross? I went to a concert and rapped because I'm a part of the Los Angeles Lakers and I went to go support la Oh, that's bullshit.


That's bullshit. That's what publicist's answer. And you fronting Wait, what's the, there been times No, no, no. There listen, there have been times up here. What happened? It is just jumped You there times up here where you took the neutral stance. Yes. Ish. Based on a relationship that you've had with this. You Right. Ish. So if you had a relationship with these people and these people are saying disparaging things about you that are very, very serious. Yes. You would never sit up there and be dancing in and mouth an assault. I would, I would Not. That's what I'm saying. Right. I would not. And that's the fucked part. They part, maybe they That's the cross. Yes. Maybe both the related Yes. Me and you are that tight. I cross if flip, if flip Shows up, that's a mistake right there. If flip shows up to a Jim Jones video where Jim is dis in cam and you end the video, cam has a right to feel away.


You fucking ain. Right. Absolutely true. That's what I'm saying. And vice versa. And vice versa. And Drake feels away because LeBron showed up, stayed public. I mean that that, that's, that's obvious. That's fucked up. There's one assumption in there, but what a bitch, what are y'all talking? That's Not a bitch. That's not a bitch. That's y'all niggas being apathetic and acting like niggas don't have personal relationships. I that's not true. I can explain what I'm saying of No, he does have a right to feel however he wants to feel okay at who he perceived to be a friend moving funny. Gotcha. I'm not calling nothing on that. All right. Okay. What you do with that information is what will make you a bitch. That's possibly true. And that's what I'm saying. That's true. But does that warrant you to try to destroy my Family?


But no, look, I'm saying Drake, but in the same breath but in the same breath. Y'all niggas are saying that the response is up to the person that's responding. No, Not that. Yo, I'm talking to niggas that You can't pit can't pick and choose. You Think it cold on Man cold. You Can Absolutely. I'm talking, I'm Absolutely To a code that he didn't, he hasn't showed that he really subscribed To it. I'm not holding him to shit. I'm only dealing with people that are no man code and understand man code. Anybody outside of it could have any perception that they want on the matter. I'm only talking to the people that know what we talking about. Man code is if we fall out and I try to pop your Chick, Is that man Cold? I fell out with mad of you niggas and I know y'all dirt.


I would never Exactly. I would never. And I hate y'all niggas. Not even hate, but I don't fuck with y'all niggas. And it's some juicy dirt. Why though? That would make me a bitch, a bitch Dog. If a nigga snitch on me, talk nigga snitch. You don't gotta snitch back. Huh? You standing in what you believe. So if me and you do a crime and you rat on me, I don't gotta go to court and rat back on you. Are you talking about integrity here? Because I'm feeling like I'm going by what I think is I agree with that. Sound like You agreeing with us this So Drake Is wrong. No, listen to what I'm saying. Yeah, about the, the ratting part. If he did that. Yeah, he's, he's, he's, but I don't know that he did that.


Oh. I don't know if he put that out there for the world to, I don't know that You don't know that. Well, we can't prove it. But you do know it. We know it. We can't Prove it. You're from Newark, now you do know you're from Newark. I wonder how the movie is and you start, You started with that analogy, using that analogy, putting the line in the song. And now I Didn't start with that. Go ahead. You you Did start With, I just talked about the line and the song and all that other stuff. But You talked about the analogy that he used. Yeah. In the dm. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think that if I make, so let, let's again, It is unknown shit that we are just assuming to be true. Not me. Look Like the dudes hit hit me in my dms. That dude dudes Be in you. I I'm like no they don't you nigga.


They don't hit me. You dis me. 'cause I said that crazy. Yeah, Yeah. You right. But look, the dude, what's the dude's name that Drake was supposed? I don't even know his name. Texan. I Don know. Oh, I know you talking me. I can't name Chris Griffin Or something. Chris. Yeah. That nigga hit me in my dm. So I I'm telling the truth. I'm like question mark, I don't even know who you are. And he was like, yo, I'm the dude that da da da da da. So my thing is, even in that you answered all your dms. No, I'm, you know what I think too? Yo, you know it's okay to Just leave It. I didn't know what he was talking about. I didn't know what was bro again, uncle P boy. What? I'm starting to see how you got that mass production of hoodies my nigga because the, you, you getting a check from 'em Niggas over there, son.


What niggas? OVO. Oh shit. OVO. Hilarious. Here you go. Stoping. So o we having a real conversation. There's not no Real conversation. The nigga that Chris, whatever that put the DM out, which is some bitch shit hit you up and you had a Conversation with him. I didn't have a conversation with, then it got sent the nigga four question marks. Stop. Did you respond? Stop bro. Stop. Stop. Did you respond after stop? Did you respond after you read? I don don't, no, I did not respond to you. Didn't respond after you read four question marks and then what happened? And that's it. He told me who he was and I kept it moving. 'cause I didn't know what the fuck he was talking about. Why you Didn't engage a conversation with him? Because He's talking about Drake. Back to my point, Bro. Stop bro. Please, I'm not accept, I'm gonna tell you stop. I'm not accepting this from you. Isn't crazy. I'm gonna tell you to stop because you Know, man, Cole, you Threatening me now to stop.


Not I'm, I'm not stop that po shit. I'm not, I think you know man, Cole and I'm not accept. Yeah, I, I Agree. I'm what I'm saying is this, I think you, You playing devil's advocate. I get That. I'm I'm just saying like, yo, if he did that and purposely did that, that is some sucker shit. You are ratting. If you purposely did that, that is some sucker shit. I don't know that to be true. But You believe it to be true. That's what I'm saying. If, if you had to put your money on it, what would you put it on? They all doing sucker shit, man. I Don't know these niggas. So I'm not putting my money up on nobody that I don't know. I'll tell you this, I don't know what these niggas morals is. I think, I don't know nothing about Drake Is meticulous. Drake thinks about every step, every stage. I don every reaction and action. And I, and I can tell you with certainty that he at the very least knew that this is how the world would see it.


And there's no way you'd want the world to see it that way if that's not what you did. Nobody wants to look like they ratting. If they not ratting when he was after Kendrick. He, he, he does the same shit. Y'all contradicting y also. How so? Because if the nigga's that meticulous and you know you're gonna get looked at by the world as a bitch ass nigga, you think I'm a meticulously plot that out so that the world could look at me as a bitch ass nigga? I think yes. I think He's crashing. I aint looking at him like that's, I think he's crashing out's. The World is not looking at him like that. Yes, they're not the world, not Drake purposely did that. I'm going on record saying that's some bitch ass shit. Cool. And I think that he knows better if y'all, y'all the niggas that be talking about how meticulous and plot me he is and all that other shit. And if he did that, we've seen 6, 8, 10 months of him not being as meticulous as y'all niggas claim he is. I think he's meticulous.


I think he just has a bad strategy. I think he's not, which means You ain't not fucking meticulous. No. Or you're just wrong. He's not like us. He, he, he is a different kind of person. His mind works that he doesn't not mind looking like a dude that just snitched on somebody. He doesn't mind going after Kendrick's girl or saying, You know what I mean? You, you cheating and doing this, that and the third. He does not mind doing that shit. He doesn't mind threatening I'm gonna ruin your public image. Who the fuck says that to anybody about anything True? He all that shit. To me, that's just his version of don't make me expose you to those who don't know you. He was trying to do that. True. And just his way of doing It is I'm gonna ruin your image. Right bro. Y'all, y'all, y'all alright. Y'all got it. And that segment does not condone cheating At all.


I think they're all doing at all. I think they're all doing bitch shit period. I think all of the shit is disgusting. That's it. The nigga that put the dms out, that was corny, Super corny. Drake doing what he did in, in, in the record to allude to LeBron. It's corny and his wife, It is corny. Especially after we watch how Savannah was acting at the basketball game. That's corny. What she does as basketball Game. Well. However, that, that whole situation you remember I'm saying Joe, I forgot like Yeah, no, I Got the picture on my phone. Yeah, how she was, she was just, I forgot what It is, but Joe had talked about Real Drill and Drake. Yeah. Hello? I can show you the picture. I Nah, I'm good. I And then on top of that, we heard a lot of stories. We heard a lot of stories, shit. So lemme ask wait, hold. Lemme just say this. We heard a lot of stories about LeBron.


We heard about the, a lot of stories that Drake is saying. See wasn't playing with that boy. A lot of stories that Drake is saying. Oh, that one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We heard, we heard, we heard, we heard people allude to it About we know this look and we know what happened when we Ish invite me to your house. I'll show you what, what what they, what they talking about. Hey, invite me to your house, me and you, me and you gonna walk in the kitchen and just have a talk and and these are the looks that's going Quick question. Yes. So you, you going down a list of corny shit just by definition Yes. Is what LeBron did. Corny. Y if that's his man's In the middle, that shit corny in the middle.


Okay. Wow. In the middle to me. Why, how please explain that to me. And This what, this is the point where, hold on, bullshit Comes out on It is not bullshit because you asking me a question. Right? You getting paid lacrosse people? He he, he, yeah. I am. See I can see, I can say it. He went to the con he went to the concert to support Kendrick. He's friends with both of them, right? And yeah, it's corn. I I I'm in middle. Thank you. But it's corny. It's, it's not, it's not in the middle. It is Fucking sensitive. I'm in the Middle though. It is the Marty Rose corn A thousand percent. Why? Because if you're my friend DeMar der Rosen has publicly, LeBron is never publicly. I I'm everybody's friend. I don't care about that friendship.


I'm your friend and I'm Your friend specifically. I think DeMar is more corny than LeBron is. So if you, my friend tell you, stay the fuck out of a beef with your other friend. So am I not supposed If of y That's if you living by a code. True. So based on what my ethics are, that's corny. Alright. We be in circle. Let me hear from you. I said I think DeMar was more corny, way more corny than LeBron was. If what they both said to be true where I'm going through depression, you my man, you talked me outta that. You brought me through that. Now I'm here at the show. It ain't like y'all didn't know what was gonna happen at the show. Y'all knew, the world knew we tuned in the watch, not like us be performed on that stage. You up there dancing around doing all of this. It was in the video, in the video, in the video. Like so, so all of that To me he's corny because Drake helped him out of a dark depression when he got traded from the Raptors.


Is that that's what you're saying. I'm Saying that if, if that's my man's and you helped me out of some shit like that, I don want Yes here. I know you don't, but man do certain shit. Tell it to somebody that cares about what mans do. DeMar DeRozen is from Los Angeles. Cool. So tell your man coach shit to somebody that give a fuck about what Manmar DeRozen might be. Third cousins with Kendrick. Cool. Then let Kendrick talk about your depression. DeMar DeMar Rozen probably was depressed being shot at by gang members when some other gang members had to pull Afire. And that's what he said His relationship LeBron made that nigga soup. His Relationship with LA I don Or Kendrick I'm sure supersedes whatever this raptor shit y'all Talking about is by decades.


Okay. That's All I'm saying. But you, You think stay out of it. Yo Stay niggas are crazy bro. You Can't, niggas are crazy. Yo Joe, if you had, if you had beef for one of my closest friends in the world right now and that nigga made a video, I would not go in the video. Even if I'm a million times closer to him, fuck with him more. He did more for me. I'm still not gonna go in the video where he's dissing you. But just stay Joe today they didn't work together. That's a false. Yeah, it's not a It is, that's not a fucking false equivalence. Drake and Demarro not work together. Drake and Demarro might be Joe. Huh? Drake and Demarro might be closer to Mark and Dre. I'm Sure they are. What Are you talking about? I don't even get invited To the fucking strip club Nigga. You had rap beef with my brother, my biological brother and I made sure to stay out Of, of it to not get in the middle with that shit.


I think what Drake's realizing in real time is that the per his perception of the investment that he put into these friendships is not being reciprocated. Exactly. Yeah. And that is why he's fed the f why, that's why he's doing what he's doing. I would like to respond to what you said because that's kind of my point with all of this shit. But I don I didn think that I had, I had what with your brother? Wrap beef. Say it one more time for me. Wrap beef, which is a little different from real beef Joe before you Hold on. Hold on, hold on. Yes, now, now can I, can I respond to that? You are correct. It is the little different. Now let me respond. Before you laid pen to paper, you called me and said, yo, what is your brother trying to do?


Because the shit he's saying on Twitter and this is he trying to take it there or what did you or did you not? I don't remember Yesterday I You worked well. Well you did. So it could, that makes you sound strong in the argument when I don't remember. Yeah, you did. Well I gave you the option to remember. Yeah, you gotta, you the option to remember. But okay, I'm a great human. That's what that call sounds like. Again, It sounds like you value your friendship with ice. It sounds like you value The Friendship. I'm saying, I'm saying that and Drake rat beef and real beef or street beef or any other beef, Drake's not a street motherfucker. So It is not the same. Maybe he doesn't have a clear understanding. It Is what the Street It is. But that's part of, but that was part of Drake's point is that this has crossed the line from just a spar, a rap Bar.


Listen, I'm not to something else. Listen, I'm not arguing. Drake already saying it was personal for me. He said it so I'm not arguing nothing. I'm taking him at his word and he has a right to take all of that shit personal and everybody over there that that played on that side. It's up for you niggas forever. That's, and niggas got a right to not give a fuck about how Drake feel about of course about their behavior. That's too. And now he's gonna move the way he moved towards you niggas and vice versa. Okay. But for the audience watching, when you start exposing cheating secrets and I don't know any of that to be true, when you start doing that, the audience reserves the right to say you a bitch. A thousand percent million Thousand percent. Million thousand. That's the end. What I have to say thousand percent about it. So LeBron's A bitch and Drake is a bad friend.


I'm sorry. LeBron's a bad friend and Drake is a bitch. Is that the, is that the, that's the, that the summary. Yo, I sit here for 10 years and tell you niggas that none of these people are friends. So for me to have this conversation under the guise of friendship, stop it. Like tell that shit to somebody else. But to the nigga I believed, I think that's fucked Up to the nigga that believed it. Yes. Yeah. It's, it's different. Yes. You look at everything. Nobody's friends. But to the nigga that really believed him, that was my friend. We were friends. Yeah, you did that. You my nigga. Oh, all right. No that okay. No, it hit a little different to him. And That's what Drake was saying. And the free Drake didn't go down the list and say all you motherfuckers that I saw in the Hamptons, I have the same issue with. It is y'all are fake.


Y'all are industry fake. I don't fuck with y'all. I'm just gonna give y'all head nods and keep them moving. But you, that's different. Drake doesn't think everybody's his friend. He just thought that person was his friend. And I think that's a reasonable in this business. I'm sure there's one or two people y'all consider friends outta the thousands of acquaintances. That is a fact. LeBron was his person. He got a fucking tattooed on his body. Well he might really think that's his friend. Well that that you just, I was with you. What, what's the, what part did I say wrong? You said what man, he Got a lot of people tattooed on his body. That's fair. He never met tattooed on his body. That's, You Know what I mean? Fair enough. Fair enough. I Ain't shooting for Him. What? Flip what? Nah, tattoo. I don't got Drake on my body. No. It is The most I've ever paid attention to Guy friendships. That's not Joe. That's not I know Jim fucking cam, LeBron and Drake Like some niggas value friendships difficult though Joe.


Oh my God. You act like publicly that you don't value friendships but you value friendships as well. You probably are able to mask it better than others. But you know, some people just value friendship different. That's it. I understand what they're saying now. Like I would be mad if a nigga was dissing me and you fucking went to his concert and he's calling me a PDF. I would be mad too a thousand percent. But I would also say like that doesn't warrant you to destroy my family. Right? That's that's that's the angle I said they're both true. That doesn't warrant like you know, we can discuss that we can fight but then now my family could be destroyed forever. I think you trying to destroy his family. Huh? I don't think you're trying to destroy his family. That ain't for that. I don think we know I don that's about his family.


A lot of niggas heard us. I agree. Listen in if, hold on. If Drake Purposely put that shit out there, he's trying to destroy This man's family. I don what It is. Drake knows or turmoil in his man's family. But for all you know, if this view my man and you know what's up, me and my wife done fought. We done been through all of that. That ain't trying to destroy my family. I'm trying to destroy your public image. Image. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm Trying to show them that you are not who you Pretend that still embarrasses His wife and now you're embarrassing my fucking wife to the world. Yeah. Now you are embarrassing my children to the world. Yeah nigga you are trying to destroy my family and throw something in my family's bag. That's some bullshit. It's still bullshit. I'm with trees. Listen in the industry you hear about the phone shit you hear about these little but nobody comes and talk about it. It's an unspoken rule of nigga.


Ah, I see you make sure you put the phone away nigga lock the phone up in the Ziploc but we not gonna come up here and expose it because you just man shit. I think I don't want a nigga to exp explode nigga be wildling the shit you see Y you over there too. Oh yeah. I Wouldn't give a fuck if a nigga stole outta my house. I'm not getting on Twitter to say I'm gonna tell you how he was cheating. True. But You right, you but You Right here. Drake the same voice you give your woman impersonation. I wasn't Giving that voice. I wasn't giving that voice tore. 'cause I'm not saying that he said that. Right. You can't prove That he said that. You can't put that on him. That's True. That was my only point. We just speculating And if he did that shit with malicious intent and malice, you are on some goofy ass shit. Or he might have been trying to do it speaking from Man code is Like, But the journalist would never report on just what something looks like.


That's right. Ah, Journalistic Integrity. Yeah. Now it's time for my favorite part of the show. What else we gotta say about Hey that's a Good one.


It is time for my favorite part of the show prize PrizePicks. All right. It is playoff time, which means now it's more important than ever that you use promo code J JB A BP and it's now or never. So don't miss out on the best place to win real cash while you are watching the playoffs and you can now win up to 1000 times your money only on PrizePicks. And PrizePicks now offers MasterCard for quick and easy deposits. Give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up. Good to see playoff football. Well Indeed it wasn't The greatest weekend playoff football. Good To see playoff football inter occurrence happening. True, true. It was intense. The games, I didn't love the games with the exception of the fucking Redskins, the red commanders command. That's racist. That's racist. You cannot gonna beat the allegations. I love that one. You want, you want to change the name back? Yeah. Nah, you wanna change the name back? Nah, I'm just 48 so I remember that. The Redskins habit. What am I saying? Yeah, commanders game was really, really good. Let me give picks since the lines did not play last week and I gave you Jamir Gibbs. I'm giving you Jamir Gibbs again for more than he's gonna go crazy. I got him for more than 90 rush yards. Let's go Sequan. I'm riding with the good guys. Let's go. Sequan for more than 80 rush yards. Cooper Cup went off. So let's go with Puka Nku, my man fantasy star for the last two seasons. Gimme him for more than 70 receiving yards. And does Travis Kelsey pick up this week? Nah, I'm staying away from him. Staying away from him. Give me, give me, yeah, I wanna pick somebody else. Who else is playing Op Travis Kel After not playing two weeks healthy Travis Kelsey. He said He didn't want too scary. I don't know what Taylor Swift did to him in the house. It's too, too spooky for me. I don't know. In that Eagles game it looked like AJ Brown had another fight to the head coach in him. If he don't get the ball again, maybe I'll go. AJ Brown. Yeah, gimme AJ Brown, another fantasy star. Gimme AJ Brown for more than 60 receiving yards and gimme Pat Mahomes for more than two 50. Pat Mahomes should show up That you some defense though, boy. Actually nevermind. Scratch Pat Bones. Gimme Josh Allen. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, yeah. Gimme Josh Allen Houston defense. Ain't no joke. Yeah. Houston's Houston. That secondary is and and pass rush. Jesus Can be in the secondary with Moses as a safety. Pat Mahomes is Pat Mahomes bro. We Gonna see, we gonna see. Yeah, but Daniel scored more than 30 points a year. You averaging 245 yards a game. But okay. That Ain't but you said two 50 so, okay. Fucking Pat Mahomes. I'm so glad we don't have to hear from Sky Mahomes. What's his little brother name again? I forgot his name. What's his little brother name? It's some people, I'm so glad that they went away. But now's not the time for that. Download the app today and use promo code JB P to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat if you download the app today and use promo code JBP, you will get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game. That's right. God dammit.


Now it'll bother my OCD for the rest of the week that we had that entire gym cam conversation and did not play the Jim Jones Jones. That's the wrong plug. That's the wrong plug. That's that's what's gonna charge you up. Well we'll the shit there You right here, right here. Oh it It is. Thanks man. Yeah, it's gonna bother me if we don't play the Jim Freestyle snippet that he put out. That shit was hard. Jim Jones rapping might not be for everybody but, but I absolutely Love it. It's for me so I absolutely Love it. I'll take it. Any wore pink in the video? Jim Jones peep that. Yeah. Jim Jones. Yes sir. I Love it. I want you to Know one Thing. I Love it.


Static. What up? You gotta remind them who you're, who you're remind them. Gotta remind him who you are sometimes talk to Play. What name you remind them. Who you To tell Trooper. My God put so much work died on Job Joe. Joe Biden. I've been powwows where they scream lot. I done walked out my building and I seen bodies. I've been caught the das looking like he seen Gotti and know my niggas. Do they time, you know my team. It's been seven years since I seen Shotti. It's been seven years since I saw Now we gotta fly straight 'cause he got four fells.


Nigga. I've been going to the tunnel since you saw Belly been through the most niggas talking about we fake blood. I had to spin for the coast. Shit that was 20 years ago. Let's go Jim. Nigga talking about outside. But they put everything on the post. No, no shit, we not jacking that got a place that we go that we not packing that you know this whole shit like a acrobat nigga and everything that you on coming back for that told me. Platinum. Listen, it's All good. I Love it. Same. I I absolutely Love it. Me too.


And man, listen man to to the, to the dudes that are fortunate enough to have been in this game 20 plus years. Right? Like we getting a little, we getting a little older. So time we got time on our side to the people that been in this game more than 20 years, there'll be ebbs and flows. Ups and downs. Yeah. Peaks and valleys. There's gonna be a time where it wasn't the greatest. I see people keep bringing up the Rucker. I was there, I seen it. Whoopie doo. Well I wasn't there but I was outside so I seen it. Whoop, Whoopie doo. What else they keep bringing up? Like who gives a fuck man we didn't see, all I be needing to know from niggas is will you fight and can you fight?


That's it. After that it's up to your own fucking make up your own view and you get More props for Fighting instead of learn knowing how to fight. I get the niggas props that will fight more than the niggas that, yeah, like It is nothing. Jim will fight. Especially on that airport. Escalator, elbow, elbow room when I'm on the airport. Escalator nigga whatever airport that was fucking what else go Freddie gives shit. Like who? Like what are you, when you've been here long enough, you don't need to be said. Don't need to be said. Shout out to Kim. Kim and Jim. Why Don? I keep doing that.


Shout to Kim and Jim. Shout out to Mace. Shout out to Mace. I just asked some popcorn the other day. Went to see de Thieves too. Hey, how was, See that 10 45 on a Sunday night? So when I ordered my Buffalo Spring chicken rolls and ate them shit, I, I know I was dozing off in there and every time I woke up what she ate, I didn't care about. Well who ate? Oh, I'm a faithful black man. That's dry snitching right there. No it's not. He could have been with his girl. No.


Or it could have been alone. True. My girl been here too much. Go go. How long does it take for you to miss her? That's why I like dating people with kids. Like eventually they will have to get back to like their kids like, Hello? What? How long she gotta be away before you want her back again? I asked Couple how you answer this. Are you asking the room? I asking that in the kitchen. I'm asking everybody. I I I you made me think of, but yeah to everybody I'm asking 'cause my wife's been going for like solid four days and now I'm kind of like okay, wish she was here again. But the first four, the first four I was great. That was don't let Joe front the niggas in the kitchen said I wish I had the sha Charcuterie what The show was.


I wish my girl was here to bring me some. Yeah, I see you miss your girl, don't you? You trying to ignore me. Don't do that. I hate you. No, my girl being here is the only way I'll get my money's worth. I can't say that. Why she will pop up nigga. No. 'cause she is so great at that domesticated shit. But when it's long distance, like I need my charcuterie board. I need you to take the stand. Yeah, I need, I need mine. I need mine for a few things. So when you not here, maybe, maybe a day. Shout out to the domesticated ones man. I'll be one mine back. He does. Hey, Shout to the nigga.


Shout out to singing with me. Me. Let's go big Ish. You You throw that on a RB night Boy, boy. Yeah. So probably about a day. I always miss mine man. Yeah. I have a good time with mine. The bed feels so lonely and empty without her. Oh Yeah. I need a couple more, but, but you don't, y'all all live together. When you live together. I feel like you need like two or three days to get that out the system. You know what I mean? We ain't, we ain't gonna live together when we live together. These houses I'm looking at over there, these houses I'm looking at.


Woo. Oh shit. I could live in should be another wing. I could Live in the movie room. Oh shit. Come down. Come down those four flights. You saw what she Lee Ralph said. Yeah. That's the, the reason her marriage for 20 years has worked is because they do not live in the same house. They Don't live in the same coast. That part. Yeah. Vincent Hughes lives in Philadelphia and she lives in La. You was feeling that? I think that is fucking awesome. Yes. Your let's have a beliefs. Let's have a couple of homes. Absolutely. Some, some of your beliefs. When are you gonna Nope, nope, nope. It's a trap. It's a trick. I'm leaving. I'm leaving. She tried to trick me. I was bread crumbing. I was Bread crumbing.


I like that little reverb. Shoot. You said you had a question. Oh no, no. That was, that was, I'm, I'm, I'm good. You clarified How many more days before she come back you Think? Another I think like she's four four and, and I'm getting to the point now, like damn near missed her from color purple. Like the crib is, is not right. Well nigga You did, you did leave her. Wait, you Did leave her for about four or five days when she was, when she was sick. I was pretty protected. Didn didn't her? No, no. I said it on the, that's different. I'm just, I didn't really, I really didn't want the flu. Let live. If you want, if you wanna go out tonight, I'll go out with you. It is the part that he missing. It should be turning up. You missing 'cause you home with the baby. That's part of it.


That's, That's a big part of it. Oh. Because that motherfucker wears, That's the part He's kicking my ass. I mean, and I'm not, you be Low key draw snitching you. It's all special. Yo. I ain't draw snitching. Yeah. This is why you keep your business to yourself, right? Because we like What about you? I, I like being at home with the, with the boy. It is all, It is all good. It is just, I'm not as good at this shit. Like I itch was killing me 'cause I, he said you gotta, he needs a coat 'cause it's winter time. Like we not going, he ain't Walking three feet. Your son Needs a coat. Somebody put his son under his arm like This, this and walked him to the car with no coat. You trying to protect the strip. What's wrong with you man? If Well, can I ask y'all a question?


Yeah. You, you ever seen Mark walk in with a coat? I had never seen Mark in a coat. Just jean jackets and Hillman hoodies. I, I wore one. But you weren't here. You were away. I had coat on. It was really cold that day. Up in Queens. It is cold today. It is really today. Cold outside today. Today It's not really cold today. I parked, I parked, I parked right in front. No you, you're low on the iron right now. Yeah, it It is not. The iron is low. 28 this morning. Exactly. You got the whatever that shit is. Niggas sick. We not that cold. It is just said 28. It was cold this morning. Ain't no wind blowing. Exactly. See, Thank you. No there ain Wind. There's Winds all it's fucking cold though. There's wind crazy. It's, hey yo, you know what you showed me that no matter what degrees you got and shit like that, like niggas still got fucked up.


Shit. When it come to being a and your good dad, but you the pops nigga put the coat on the child. It stupid. This is just so that people on the street don't stop me and tell me why that baby need a coat. That's the only reason. It's so that every auntie on the fucking corner don't get mad. Get the baby needs a jacket. We only walk into the car. At the car is heated. My house. I pull up in the driveway, the boy only walking three feet. I just, I just My girl for this. And you can't wear the his thing, you can't wear coat in the car seat. So you put the coat on, then you walk to the car and you gotta take the coat. So you looking like oh you, you can wear a coat. No you can't. You absolutely can wear just you being frugal nigga buy a big coffee. You're not supposed to have a child and a coat in a car seat. Exactly. It's dangerous. Really? That's why you take the coat off isn't the adding pad. They in the car And so instead of putting a coat on having this crazy 2-year-old run around in a coat, I just take him without the coat.


Carry him like this and the wind is hitting his head. Football like the wind, like his, while his head. I'm walking to the wind oj. Oh that's probably bad. Herschel Walker go get into the car. Oh I strap him into the seat and then we go Gotcha. Okay. Alright ma. And I hope my wife ain't looking on the security camera. Does Your wife listen to this pond? Not the whole thing. Are we? So if you notice what I talk about in minute two first of what I talk about hour two very different. Got it. Don't doubt her nigga. She read the descriptions. My home nigga, the niggas in the descriptions. One hour and 12 Mark talks about holding his son, them niggas SaveOn, whoever to put that shit together. Them niggas be violating him. I don't like that shit like that.


You know I heard the time. Wait, how I he Right. I be talking crazy Hour two three yo. I saw this girl that's pressing the button. Them niggas man, them remote niggas. I don't like that niggas That used to be my Happy Birthday but fuck it. That used to be my strategy. She started listening to the very last second of You used to get this shit on Too. All the time in the world. The Patreons dts after Sleepers. The All. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Why y'all think I don't play and start Texting? You don't home play you his It say shit, she here. Whatever. She don't hear. Her friend heard It. Don't say shit. I love my mother-in-law. I love my family. I love my children. This nigga ain't talking now. Y'all ain't talk about talking about my mother.


Y she was an actual chef. She pure ready to food for the baby. Oh. I'm so appreciative. I ain't good behind the scene camera. He start talking and he look nigga close the curtain. This It Is a new year. It might be time to redo that whole G card thing. Nah, not really. It should still be up Joe. I can't wait till your lady come back man. All this 1230 sitting in house. Don't say all this shit. You talking man. G Card. You ain't gonna have no fucking shit. Y'all gonna stop playing with Nigga. I'm him man. Put your jersey in the rafters dog. But I'm him. Hey Listen, I'm Another one. Open the other number. When I change my number, It's up there already. Yo mom, he not that I, I know he not. Yeah listen I know yo.


We talking in the kitchen just regular shit. Guess who come in. Sade from behind Quiet too with, with the heavy shit. She just like Ninja. She like just because She don't walk she float. Yep. And Joie, his expression be the same thing. Like that's like a dick man. Like he'd be so shocked. Well that's the thing. That's why niggas can't trip me up no more. I know who I'm with You. Right. He Said that to me. I don't play. He said that to me. I don't play. See that's the G card for me. Just not playing with the person you love. So you don't risk losing him. That's Real you, that's the new G card. That's the platinum shit. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the black Car G. You you were now watching the ma Thatt work.


Remember I told you that that drop belong to you nigga because you be doing some bullshit. I Ain't gonna find that job. And as soon as she move, watch Joe gonna be doing spaces at 1:00 AM on Friday nights and shit. You gonna be in the house. You ain't going nowhere near no place. I think It'd be different. I'm gonna have a side house anyway. A side house. Okay. She probably would go to the side house. That's, That's LeBron problem nigga. You could have just had the Toronto crib. You ain't need to go go to Drake's. You rich enough to just had a little side by the airport. You know how come on. I don't know nothing about that. Nope. You don't know about it Man, I don't do nothing. I really don't cheat. So, but you used to cheat. You did Used to cheat. You said that on the Podcast. No, I never said that. You said you never cheat on because I never Said you had women that you were with that you cheated on in the past.


You did say that. Not In a relationship. You said I never said that. I said I, I have, I have been polyamorous but I've never, I've never been committed somebody and cheat on. That's what he said. Yeah, but I've had, I've had some. Polyamorous is the new age way. No, because You Gotta be though. Nobody ever, nobody. I'm saying it. Nobody ever thought I was monogamous and I wasn't. Is what I'm saying. Nobody ever thought that they were the only person when they weren't. Oh. So if you had the other crib, all parties knew what could happen. I didn't ever need other cri. When you do it, when you move like that, you don't need no other cri. We Got just tall. Nigga mute up. Don't say nothing yo. We got it Ain. Tell me not to say nothing Saying a word. I am bro. Oh, Kevin G.


Talk to him. Talk to him. No buddy. I did not heard him Blue nigga. He got a new shit. Let's get it nigga. What else? What else? What else is going on? That's important. Unimportant. Oh, Jello. Yes. Jello. Shout out to him. Lean ball. Ah, I thought he said Jello. I lean the company went outta business. I damn It is old for jello. Who make that shit again? I I thought it was over for them. I don't eat that shit gelatin. But I used to, I used to eat Jello. Nigga We could tell we can look. We all ate Jello. Do you? You know how to make it. You gotta put that shit in the freezer. Right. I don't know how to make it but I used to eat it. It used to be free lunches and shit.


That's how I eat. That's the only time I used to eat it. Jello shots. Oh, and Jello shots and jello shots. Jello shots for Jello shot? Yeah. Oh, got it. Yeah. Fuck it. I don't think this shit no more pork nigga. I don't know how it's made Parks, that mixture shit. They be, I don't know how the fuck they do it. Vodka and jello. Jello water. Yo man. Yes. If you was on the Soul train line right, would you have the big afro or the Felicia braid because you know you be trying to freak shit out. Or would you have half and half? Like I, I see for real man. Like said like ice, That's a hard choice. I probably, I'd probably rock my fro. You rock. Okay, now would you do the bell bottoms and do this, that stupid shit or would you like stupid shit?


Because you know, you, you always, you always say, yo, I was there for my looks in the videos. I can't dance. So how would you go? Because you have to go down the line Ba and your hair's thinning. Now you, Why would you you say that to me? Wow. Because I asked her before why she don't rock that afro. That that is not what my response was. That was not my response. And she Don't like, niggas made his own. He just made this shit the fuck up. So how would you do, you wouldn't dance down the line. You'll just walk. They can't walk. I don dunno. You gotta, you gotta exactly give her a beat soul train line right here. I think the fuck not A lot. A lot of women could now probably do this stupid shit. Yeah, I probably, I I I figured it out Big man.


Some rhythm for this one big man. You got the spin right here, man. Wait, What the fuck is happening right now? Big man. Big man. TikTok. Now Hey, we doing the, the Jennifer Hudson, the walk line. What's the girl name? Oh yeah, I don't know. Jennifer Hudson. It is Jennifer Hudson. Yeah, Jennifer Hudson. When all the girls were sexually harassing of action figure Ish. Oh yeah. Yeah. So she action figure Ish. So Wild Aaron Air. So she cut the look at you on this day. So they cut the comments off. Actually they Had to. What do you think about that? What do you think about Jennifer Hudson? Cutting, cutting the comments off because all the women was sexually harassing Aaron p Pierre. I I think that it was the right decision to make. Why your foot moving up like that?


You good? I'm fine. Well don't you think there should be like it should be a louder voice. Like over all topics that involve sexual sexual harassment. What? I just don't see many people having the conversation and moving the needle about all the women that were sexually harassing that man. Talking about look at his crotch. Look at his dick one night with you. Come in cat daddy fuck your wife. Like all that shit that they were saying in there that if God said it, it'd be horrible. I personally did not. When you love someone, I'm fucking with you now. I know I'm fucking with you. Shout to Angelo Bald got, I don't know.


I don't, the number kept changing. 8 million. 13 million. 8 million. Guaranteed. 13 total dollar deal. I have no idea what Yeah, the labels give out guaranteed deals. They guaranteed him 8 million and they said he keeps the, he gets the right to own all of his music and they give him his own label. I was gonna ask y'all what that actually means. Nothing. Publicist talk sounds crazy. Yeah, Listen, I bought it. Me Too. When it came out, I bought it. Hey Wait a minute. Hey New shit. New shit. Shout to and to go see her.


I might sw in that corner and I heard that she who be I'm kind of fucking show me some more bitch head talk. Give a fuck you show the money in pocket. Tell me what they talking about. I ain't fucking listen in and let your thoughts run your mouth. But music, music, new music with my Memphis nigga. I can't take a loss. I'm always going for the wind. Fix your face up Mel. I'm fine. I'm just, I'm don't hate, I'm not hating.


I'm, I'm just processing. Don't He moved a hundred of those too, Didn't he? The first one. 94,000. That's a good number. Yo. These niggas are liars. That's my take on this. These niggas are liars. They're lying. I don't know why they think everybody is stupid. 'cause They are niggas is running around believing this. The music business is in absolute sham. Shambles, shambles. Artists, executives, a andrs. People are getting laid off left and right. Majors are consolidating. They are getting rid of imprints. People with imprints. It is a absolute mess out here.


And y'all want me to believe that Angelo Ball is the one to come and resurrect things because I think this song is a little bop And It is. It is bop. Yeah, but I could think that, So if he sold 94,000 that that's just totally outta Here. More reason for me to say that these niggas are lying sax and shit. Don't tell me you sold 94,000 independently and then rushed to go sign some deal. Well That's the part I Didn't do. I don't, I don't believe that. Why would you wanna do that as him? 'cause he's not in the music business But his, I mean he he's surrounded by smart people, lawyers, his whole family. I just, it seemed like a bad choice.


My, if my younger brother has a $260 million contract, I'm in the music business. That's what I'm saying. So you don't need an $8 million deal from I don't, I don't need anything. And if and who's his Younger brother? The Mellow Ball. The Mellow Bowl boom. Oh yeah, You right. That's Ellos. The he younger? Yeah. Oh, I Thought he's the middle. He's The middle. Melo is the youngest, the classic middle child. And if my older brother has a $80 million deal, I'm in the music business. That's what I'm saying. Like I'm in the music business. The music business is a bank. It is some money and some people with connections that's gonna press some buttons and none of them are doing it now. 'cause of the fires in la Our thoughts and our prayers are with everybody, everyone battling all the fires in la I know too many people out there.


I haven't called you 'cause I assume that y'all are all busy dealing with real life shit. But I love y'all. I'm praying for y'all and my heart goes out to y'all. All of that shit is devastating still. That can be an active thought in my head along with every conspiracy theory that I have about what's going on out there. And I do have a bunch of them. I haven't been calling everybody I know out there, just, just same, same dope. And some people are fucked up, some are, you know, they didn't get to them yet. Some like, it was getting closer. So we leaving. It is, It is fucked up bro. It's, It is no nothing to joke About with that shit. Yeah. No, not at all. Not at all. So yeah, back to this, these lying niggas here and then Def Jam, huh? Nigga, if y'all don't knock it off Def Jam ain't I got.


I know people, they shut up. But Stop it. Just stop it. Enough. Enough. So this is all a big PR stunt for both of Them. That's all this is, Man. That's all this Is. I Don't get it, man. A bunch of gibberish about absolutely nothing. What's The end result or the hoped For? Bring attention. More attention to the record. What do everybody that do this shit for? Clicks and attention. That's it. Get more eyes on you. So what kind of deal would he really in reality, if, if this is all bullshit, right? I get it. I get why they both might do that. Well, somebody said that it, It is a licensing deal and the 8 million is in advance, but there's a cap on how much of that is paid out and when it's paid out.


So again, it's all language semantics. So even the guaranteed is not guaranteed, guaranteed. It's more of a Yeah man, I gave you half, half a mill. Even if I lie, I gave you a mill. I mean I, I don't know the labels to be so generous nowadays. But again, I'm a dinosaur. I'm far removed from this. And if There Was something that would give money to it would be the viral hit from someone that doesn't make music. I don't believe that. That's been The trend for a While. That makes Sense. I don't think it would be a Def Jam. I don't think there is a Def Jam. Mm. I don't think there's a Def Jam. I think they're all lying. But again, I don't know. Shit. I don't know. Congrats on whatever you got going on.


For sure. I like the song. The Song's a slack. I heard he got at least one more hit of hit him. Hey, maybe He's got another one who know. See that's how people get these lying ass deals. Little rumors like that right now. I heard he got two. Well, no, No. Another one. I, Lonzo, Lonzo played a snippet of it in the locker room. It's not, it's it exists. I've heard it. I'm just saying I didn't hear enough of it to vouch for it. But it's, people knew saying it was hot flash To y'all out there. Everything sounds doper in the snippet. Oh man. That's true. That's true. Jimmy Turner. Jimmy Jimmy, Jimmy Turner. Shit sounded crazy in the snippet nigga, man. Right. Still was good. But he's right. Shout out to designer man. I hope he's doing well. That's my man. Yeah. Shout there's A few people I think about. It is. I hope they doing all right after all they went through he got fucked.


Oh, fatty wa was all right too. Should a couple years, I could do all episode. Come on. All the people that I hope are all Right. Do you do, do you speak from that? Because you, you came out of it. If I didn't come out of it, I would, I would hope that these people are right. You came out of it for real. Nigga. Your guard don't play about you nigga. You put your head through the grave like the undertaking nigga. Nine, four and walked out. None Of it's possible without the fans. Hey, you won't lose to the game now. You gonna lie like out here yo Token, because you still humble man. We had a little talk in, in the motherfucking strip club and you vulnerable moment and shit. You, you, you, I get it. You had a vulnerable moment in the strip club.


You get vulnerable in the strip club. No, I'm just saying. No, you just talking to this man. We had Wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on, hold on. We haven't even gotten the play by play of you, him and Imani at the strip club. You what? Is there anything that you, You seem to be very interested in? I, we all are. Be careful. Let know we all are I promised. Okay, sure. I'm just saying real quick. I'll get to that. I'll let him lead that. But it's just a vulnerable moment man. The niggas still got, you know, hum. You know, even though he, he still got little humbleness to him. I, I'll say it, I'll say that. Still a little humbleness. It could be a trick. But I know, I know in the moment. I looked at the environment And I said, oh this is, this is a nice place to tell you man. Did he have like a tear in his eye? Some shit? Nah, he just was just, I understood what he was saying and that's, that's what It is.


Got it. Okay. So when he says lines like that, like yo, I really feel for Freddy Wa or designer. We crack jokes in him, but I know that he genuinely feel that way because he don't really talk about it. 'cause we fuck with niggas. But the situation wasn't too favorable and he fought through that. Now you have a number. Can't fuck with me. Yeah, you fought through it. You were patient, You know what I mean? You fought through it. And I speak to the niggas that, that, that, that, that was in charge of the shit. They like, he fought through it. William Cor on the top. Oh nigga. I don know how he did it. He got through it, he laughed. I said, nigga, shut up. For real. So Put some money to the side on a rainy day for a lawyer. Man, no matter what you're doing out there, that, especially for you entertainers Mm get get, get you a lawyer that's gonna read all 907 pages of the bullshit that they put in front of you so that you don't find yourself working outta some irreversible debt and that you could never just get your fear shot.


That's, That is a fact. That's good Advice. That is very good advice. Great advice. That's a fact. That's it. That's it. Can you, Angelo boy, you are a liar. What happened? Yeah. Yeah. He's a liar. No, I was gonna ask about the P word. Where is it? Perpetuity? What's the, what's the word that they put in the contracts with no matter what perpetuity. That's one of they still, and There's no way out of that. Right? Depends on how this shit is written. Getting A real good lawyer. Yeah. Okay. Well if you flip the signature page, the last page should say you pussy. That's another three word that's right there. We got 'em. We got him. You was talking about the fires and shit. I just wanted to say like, Beyonce was supposed to have been announcing something and there's rumors about what it's gonna be, whether it be act three, whether it be she's performing at the rodeo shit and she pushed it back due to what was going on.


And I, I, I think that was pretty dope of her. Just because it's like we always say these celebrities don't know how to really read the room and 'cause if she would've said something to people like, yo dogs, you see what's going on out here? Don't nobody really want to hear this right now. Like This. She's pretty good at reading the room. Yeah, she's real good. Yeah. She's never really been accused of being like tone deaf whenever there's some shit going on and pushing product and whatnot. Yeah. The weekend did the same. The we can push back his album and tour. There's a few labels that push back all Grammy related activities. I think Universal did because of what's going on out there. The Grammys are still going on. They said because they want to help bring more awareness and donations I guess.


Whatever. They're such good People, Right. Kindhearted Maybe they'll bring Taraji in and out again and do some shit. Yo, Taraji and Kamala were so funny that year on the awards that commercial they shot. Yeah. We was there in like a fake, the dressing room or something. Oh, Kamala's here. Kamala. What? We are just so depressed. Girl. The economy is so bad. What would you do if you were No, well, funny you should ask Taraji. Oh man, Yo, speaking of politics, you see Michelle Obama announced today, she's not going to the inauguration, which I think is a really big deal.


She also didn't go to Jimmy Carter's funeral. And it's just because she don't want to be, well, I mean not say she don't Wanna be in the room with Trump. I mean she That and if LeBron, if Drake gonna tell LeBron, he might tell might he might got the Barack Foul. I got the shit. Oh shit, it's hot. No Obama house. I'm joking by the way. I'm joking. Oh, these niggas will sue the shit outta me. But no, I didn't see. Yeah. And that is a Pretty big deal. It's a, it's a big deal. They just announced it really as we started recording and and they didn't give a reason. Just like they didn't give a reason for the other thing. But after, after inauguration when Trump won the first time, she was very clear in saying that the reason she was making those face ex facial expressions and the reason why the memes were saying all that, she said it was all true. She said, I was not happy to be there.


I didn't like looking around. I didn't like seeing everything we worked for disappear. I didn't like seeing the lack of diversity, all of that stuff. So it tracks that. Now with Trump coming back again, she don't want to be there. And I actually respect the shit outta that. So the fuck wrong. And that's what black women do. That's what black women do. Stand up and they like, look, you gonna see this on my face. I'm not gonna hide it and I'm not showing up to this shit. I love Jimmy Carter, but I'm not showing up to his funeral either. 'cause I don't wanna shake Trump's hand. Kamala had to look at Trump that whole time. All the mother who had to look at Trump, he don't want, she don't want to. So she's not going. I respect it. Yeah. And I don't think she's a fan of Curry Underwood. I I I respect the inauguration one, not the funeral. Because you, you making a moment that's not about you, about you.


Hmm. I agree. How's that different than the inauguration? It's not, It is not about the person that you beef with is either at the funeral. It ain't about Trump. This is not Trump's funeral. This is, I say Jimmy Carter. Carter Jimmy Carter. That's fair. I See that. This is Trump's inauguration. I can get you not going to that 'cause I don't fuck with him. Right. You're the star of the show. And I don wanna Celebrate. I'm not gonna go to this just because he's there. I can See that. That's all I can See that it's just so much po and circumstances and funerals too, where you gotta shake hands and continue like people and shit. You saw Donald Trump posts the conversation between him and Barack with the subtitles, what they were talking about? I didn't see the, the subtitles. I I saw the clips. Was it, was it real?


I don't know. It's it looks funny to me. I I'm gonna find a journalist and see I was Yeah. Yeah, but that, that, that's crazy. The fact that Obama was sitting there talking to Trump, that's the shit that you, and then everybody's dissecting that for the next three weeks and Michelle Obama's not playing that shit. She's like, I'm gonna sit here, put my mouth shut and look unhappy. But sometimes, so I'm not gonna go, I mean, it's not real beef. Sometimes you talk the niggas, right? Like Yeah, I don't think it's real beef. That's the, I think that's my, that was my point all that time. All y'all breaking up with family members and never speaking to people Exactly. Over Trump versus this person and these motherfuckers in, in the back room having jokes, laughing, eating, eat, breaking bread together. Like they all run the same empire. Like, You know what I mean? They, they all, they all's two wings of the same bird. Fuck. That's all I to say. What Are your thoughts on the price gouging going on in Los Angeles?


It is unconscionable. It is un it's the same shit I was saying back in Covid. You know, when I was, I had got my hands with a whole bunch of masks and I was, you know, selling 'em through Amazon. I felt terrible about it. I'm just kidding. I'm, oh shit, you had me fucked up word. There you go. That second shipment, man. I was hold no, but I, I, I hate to see exploitation, you know, and, and we, and in moments of crisis we should be dropping prices. Not, not raising them. That's all. I I hate it. I hate every bit of it. What are the prices going? Sounds Good in theory, man. The prices of like Airbnbs and rental spots, it's, it's astronomical. Like they doubled, not doubled.


Like they went up by like two, 300%. That's crazy. That's insane. I thought Airbnb was giving him off for free Ish Week. What do you think on the, on the landlord side? I, i I mean I think from a humanistic standpoint, you gotta realize that people are in a crisis and mad people. That's why I asked about the landlord side. I know we, we, we talking about the, the upper part, like the palisade part, those people, okay. But the lower part is where I hear that the people are gonna be in need and are in need allegedly.


I forgot the name of the Alta. Alta Al Altadena. Alad Al. And also it's a misnomer that everybody in the Palisades was wealthy. There was people who inherited homes. You know, there was people, there was apartment buildings in the Palisades. Yeah. There's people who were, you know, lower to low mid income, you know, living paycheck, paycheck to paycheck people, citizens living in the Palisades. Like it really is not just like celebrities in the Palisades and Malibu. It's, it's not it's businesses. It's regular working people that were affected by this. So the price gouging, first of all, isn't it illegal to do that when a national disaster has been declared? I feel like it's illegal to do that. It, it's, I know it was, there were new laws that were imposed at during covid about commerce.


I don't know about like rental properties and things like that, that that may be carved out. I don't know enough about that to say, but it shouldn't be. I don't want, even if you rich, I don't want you exploited. I don't want anybody exploited. And we live in this world now where you can do, like I, I went to try to get some tickets for the Apollo to watch the Luther thing. I wanted to see a live at the Apollo. And the tickets were book Research. Yeah, actually. And it was $30, the ticket was $30 and I just forgot to hit the button. I didn't want to tell my wife that I forgot to hit the button to get the tickets. So I was like, I'll just buy, I'll buy 'em secondary market. 400, $650. Right. Just on principle. I was like, fuck y'all, I'm not going to do that. But it's like now we live in a place where people, if they feel like they can get you, they will. That can't be how we operate to each other. We gotta be better to each other than that.


Man. All that shit sound good man. Capitalism, the real world we live in is supply and demand dog As a Landlord. And that's capitalism. That's why capitalism is fucked. Capitalism capital. But you ain't never answer. Crisis is where niggas make a lot of money. Niggas pray for Crisises, you start talking about the humanistic shit. Oh yeah. You ain't get the other side of that as a landlord. Like, like real, real spin. I see Both songs. Would you do it? I'm not sure. Maybe, maybe not. It depends on the circumstances. Wow. I'm a landlord and I wouldn't, I must swear I Respect, I respect that. I'm a former landlord ran Off, he ran off with cake money.


Not, not just that. Not just that. He's such a Hater, not just that everybody, what, what's, what dictates market rent. I'm willing to be flexible in determining that. But there are numbers that we would all agree or unconscionable. That's all I'm saying. So for example, if the average rent in the place you, you, you rent places is what's, what's the average rent you charge? If you don't mind saying or let, lemme not do that. It depends on the area of the, Let's say the average rent is 2000 where you rent and there's mass flooding and fires in the area and you start charging people 10,000. I think that's fucked up. What, what You, there are some people that think 2000 is fucked up Maybe.


And let's say I'm willing to debate that number, but there's a number that we probably all agree I'm only doing this 'cause people are desperate and have no choice. And, and when you're doing something because people are desperate and have no choice, that's where it's fucked up to me. When when you, when you Bro, then what's the difference in, well I I guess because it's a, the, the crisis part but rarity, like, you know what I'm saying? A pair of fucking Travis Scott sneakers that's selling for 30 times, 40 times the price of the, that's not a Necessity. 'cause people don't need it. People aren't desperate for No, No. I'm giving, I'm saying that is rare shit is run the price up. I want your take. Tell me your take. I agree Mark. But you ain't agree. When Covid was going on and landlords wasn't getting paid and they was in financial jeopardy and and at risk of losing they houses and the government was giving people extra money and we sat in here and had a conversation how people were doing better actually during covid and getting extra money and the government said they didn't have to pay their rent.


And you said fuck them landlords. I can't harken back to all of that. But you and I have had that conversation a bunch. Nah, I'm on the side of the people, not the landlords. Sorry. Sorry. That Landlords are people. I'm on the side of the mass. The mass The people, the mass people Not so you're not on the side of unfairness. You are on the side of, because again, the scenario during Covid, a lot of people were getting unemployment plus an additional $600 a week. A lot of those people were making more money than when they actually worked. Right. And they should pay the rent. And then the government said you don't have to pay your rent. So niggas was going out buying new cars and all this other shit and landlords were literally losing their houses. Yeah. And That's fucked up. I had Six houses in pre foreclosure during Covid six.


I had personally and, and could have potentially lost my houses. So fuck the landlords because they are supposedly the rich people, the big empire. Everybody that's a landlord, most landlords Isis grandparents and landlords, they mom and pop and those people use that money to survive off of, you understand what I'm saying? Right. Everybody not fucking Donald Trump or, or or the, the, the what's homeboy's name from Jersey Joe Biden. You get what I'm saying? So a lot of the Kushner and cri like everybody is not those, some of these people are the same exact people that just got burnt out in Palisade that are living check to check. A lot of, a lot of those landlords are living check to check. Yeah. So I, so that's why I'm saying it's a circumstantial thing.


It's just not one Thing. Yeah. But that's the argument for making sure that middle and working class landlords do are, are protected. That's not an argument for landlords exploiting people who, the masses who are vulnerable. You missing my point and my, my question was to Joe, the landlords got exploited in that particular situation And we gotta fix that. I'm agreeing with you. And, and, and so that's why I wanted to hear his take on that particular situation. 'cause a lot of landlords lost their houses that Lost their, I thought the government was gonna pay the Landlords government ain't pay nobody's shit. Okay then that's, that's then I, I'm with, I'm, I got that. They paid me. I got that PPP money That, that's not No, no. Wasn't the landlord wasn't to landlord point. I'm saying they should have given landlords the same protections.


They gave small business the government to the, the government only with protecting the people in need. They didn't protect the landlords. There's nothing, there was nothing out there that any programs that protected You, it depended on how you owned your homes. So some people, like if you owned your home in a personal name, there was some shit that you could've done to not be in foreclosure. But even a lot of those banks took the money that you missed out on and just put it on the back of the loan. They didn't necessarily compensate you for any other things that you lost. Right. So I just think that we pick and choose. Sometimes I hate your, I hate your covid example because like I told you back then, the owner has things that he has to pay and that he's responsible for. Whether there's a rent there or not.


You own the property, It is yours. You're wrong. How? So That's like saying my mor I pay a mortgage. Right. But I'm providing a service. So re regard, You just added something to what I'm saying. Quick question. You got a house and everybody in that house moves out and you have trouble renting that house for three months. You have to pay it, you Still gotta pay the mortgage. Right. Whether it's empty. So what he's saying is whether it's empty or not, That's your asset. It Is still on you. You have to take It. Is that not Accurate? Yes or no? Yes and no.


So when somebody's living in your house and you paying some of the, you paying some of the utilities and all of those other things. Even when the, the house is vacant, I have the ability to rent it again. When somebody's living in my house not paying rent and I can't get them out, you are taking my option to rent that house away. That's why I asked you the question. If you were having a trouble of renting it for three months, but I still have the option to rent it. But you did not. Yes. This is January. You don't get the house rented till April. Yeah, but I think what he's saying is when, when it's empty, what the fuck I'm, I as a, as a business owner, I'm taking a risk that I may not be able to rent it out. Right. But I I think you Take that same risk when you rent it. Right. But his point is when the government creates a situation where you can't get, get rid of the person That said I can't kick you out and you have to live here for the next two years.


You are taking my option to rent the house out Away from me. Now it's not a a gamble now it's an impossibility. It's not apples and apples and, And my heart goes out to the people that lost everything that they had. Their businesses were unable to pay rent before it goes to the landlord that was gonna have to pay this either way. Sorry that you had your fucking arms cut off. So If that's the case, if somebody don't come sit down and eat in your restaurant, you still gotta pay your, your bills. Right? Correct. A thousand percent. If somebody don't come eat your, your, your spaghetti, you still gotta pay the rent to the landlord, right? Yes. Yep. So what's the difference? We look at landlords like they not business owners. You are running a business. If you run one home and you got a three family household and you have three tenants, you are providing a service.


Service the same way somebody's providing food to a customer. It's no different. I'm providing safe and adequate housing to you. I deserve to be compensated for that. The same way if I own a sneaker store and somebody runs out the door with my fucking sneakers in the hand, it's the same thing. I don't think that the renters should have been put out in the street and been without shelter. I don't think that either. And I don't think the landlords should have had a government moratorium that says that they don't have to get their money. And again, when the government was Hmm. I think that's a landlord beef to the government. Government. That's what I'm saying. That's should be a mechanism. I agree with that. Not to the people You're wrong. No. When the government is paying people extra money. See that's pocket Watching. But but It is, you're saying the government's incentivizing people not to pay the rent. No. Yes. That's what he's saying. The government told people they didn't have to pay their rent.


Yeah. And Giving money. Yeah man, I gave you more bread. There's a reason they didn't just wake up and decide that there were, there were reasons why they did that. And I think those reasons are paramount to whatever the landlord, I think you're the blind spot. Right? So Stop, Stop, stop, stop. Hear What I'm saying? So you don't, you you just forget the reasons that the gov, the the, the government is paying people extra money for a reason. Yes. Okay. So these people are not desolate. Some of them That's not true. The Government is paying you extra money because you can't go to work 'cause you can't work. Which is what you were going Tom saying to pay your bills. Exactly. And to live. So now if I'm getting, so now we're why the fuck we're supplementing your Bills, We're supplementing that because you can't go to work. So so that's what I'm saying.


You're the book Joe. If we didn't have to come to work and the government told you you still gotta pay us, but we didn't have to pod you'll fill away. Say it again. I don't have to. You heard me? No. Say it again. If you, If the government told you you had to pay us and we didn't have to come to work and we didn't have to pod for the next two years and you still had to pay all of our salaries, you would fill away. How does that correlate to what we're talking About? Because I'm telling you, the service being provided by the landlord is safe and adequate housing. And you are saying that you have to have these people living your house for free, which is you paying them for free and they don't have to provide nothing back to you. I don't think the podcast example is is that But also I, I think we gotta take a step back. That's why I'm saying you're the blind spot. Meaning that the law was created so that big businesses, big landlords, big corporations, big property companies aren't taking mass amounts of people and putting them on the street when they can't afford it.


But It affected everybody Though. And that's why I'm saying the problem with the law is that people like Ish get hurt too. So I'm saying the the fix isn't to isn't to stop the moratorium on evictions. I think they, we need the moratorium on evictions but to create a mechanism so that Ish still gets his money. And I'm saying we could do both but get rid Ish getting his money comes secondary. That's what I'm saying. The masses being properly sheltered. I I I think and It and it don't say that because the government said to give niggas some money that those people now have to take what their only income is and hand it to a landlord. You talking about people with kids, you talking about people Income. That's what they was doing anyway when they was going to fucking work. They were taking their income, paying their bills. So if the government is subsidizing your income and giving you potentially more than what you were making when you were going to work, you should still be responsible for paying your bills.


You Just ignored what I said. No I didn't. Okay then you didn't reply to what I said that money the government was given so people could live. That's not pay you said not pay What You're saying not pay rent. You Equating the two. What are you So the money you get from going work equivalent for what? The money you giving from gonna work, shopping, food, Family. I get what you're saying. Your salary from going to work is to do What? But but here's the issue. The money the government give you isn't a salary. So that's the difference. They're they're replacing your salary 'cause you can't go to work. No. No, but listen what I'm saying. Listen what I'm saying that is true. If the money I, if I make $600 a month and the government gives me $6 a month, the issue is a hundred percent right? They Were giving them nine.


They were giving you, yeah. So not give 1200 if I hundred a month. So They gimme 1200 Now if you making a thousand dollars a month, right? The government was giving them 16, 1600 a month. I'm with You. Right? So if you could pay your bills on a thousand, how the fuck do you not pay your bills on 1600? And and I'm agreeing with you at that point, but I'm saying for a large number of people, the amount that they were getting an income was less than what? Gonna wrong. True. That is not true. That not true? I'm not wrong. You're me. He's not wrong. Are you telling me It is wrong? Hold Right here. He's Wrongest. I are you telling me that everybody in the country that got a government subsidy got $600 more than an income mark? Number one? I'm asking this A direct question. I'm gonna answer him. Mark. Number one, you have to know the, the median income of the people in the country. That's number one. So a lot of people in the United States of America, if you do 600 times 52 weeks, they are bringing home more money than they bought home from their fucking jobs dog.


This is what I do. Yeah. I I don I don't I you have to fact check. I don't believe that that that's not my under understanding. You're wrong. You are wrong. What am I wrong about? Lemme ask. I'm about to tell. What am I saying That's Wrong? The government was giving people an additional $600 a week on top of the unemploy on top Of their weekly income, On top of their unemployment money. But unemployment isn't your full check. You asking me a question? You're asking me a question, please let me speak. So if you make do the median income in the United States, of course there's gonna be outliers due to average 'cause y'all won't talk about the masses so fucking much. So we gonna stay on the masses. But your Whole finish Outlier. No I'm not. No I'm not. Most landlords the outlier is The person that during the pandemic took the fucking bus down or whatever they was giving and now they was up and it was balling and it was doing better than ever.


I think That's the outlier. Media income, median income in the United States is $37,585. Thank you. Get $600 a week from the government for 52 weeks. You are doing better than you was when you fucking worked. Yo, why do y'all act like y'all don't understand what I'm saying? This is mad. 600 times 52 weeks is $31,200 no tax. And that's the additional no tax on top of the unemployment you were getting on the average person. How Unemployment. Unemployment is your income unemployment Now y'all being willfully Obt No, I'm not the boy. Just Rent it in math numbers. Oh, it It is hard. Just listen to what I'm saying. Listen, listen to what I'm saying. Listen to what I'm saying. You, you are saying that you get the unemployment and now you get this extra six. I I hear you.


I'm not being obtuse. I understand the income you're saying they're getting is unemployment. Yes. Unemployment is not your full income unemployment. Is that not true? Is that accurate? Correct. Correct. Can I respond? Can I reply? Lemme ask a quick, what percentage of the one's income that's full income. I know that What percentage of of your income is unemployment? I don't Know. Half. So if you don't know No, it's not half It is, it's not half. It is a little bit more than half, but it's more than half. But let me just ask you a question because I, So what I'm saying is, so what I'm saying is if I'm getting unemployment plus $600, that I'm not getting $600 more than my normal income. Cool. Can I ask you a question? That's basic math. Is that Not true? Fucking bro, bro, Don't just straight I'm wrong. I'm Trying, I'm about trying to talk you he broke it down in median income. We don't because we talking to masses.


I just said the median income in the United States is 37,585 bucks. That's the median that comes. That's the median. Okay. The additional 600 alone equals 30,000 more money you are bringing home from your job. That's the additional It is 31,200 no tax. If you, so you're talking about now you that's before you get unemployment added onto that money, it's going to be more You have to write into I'm not following you Serious. Yes. Alright, wait, no, I'm telling you I'm not following What you're saying. 37,000 is what you made at work, which means your take home pay is about 20 5K. Cool. Right. Wait, there several things you said that I don't agree, I don't accept the premise is what I'm saying.


Yes, I'm rejecting the premise. But go ahead. 37, which premise are you rejecting? The 37. You don't, you don't record. I I'll tell you why I reject the premise. Continue to continue. We, we talking masses. So we did medium for the entire country. 37,030. That is the, that you can Google that number. He looked it up on the phone. I'm not making it up. So from before you even get an unemployment check, the government is giving you 31 K. So let's say you got 60% of your 37,000 plus the 31 k, you are making more money than you made. When you are physically going to work, you are getting 60% or 70%, whatever unemployment is of the 37 k plus an additional $31,000 that you, you are thereby making more money than when you are physically getting up at six or seven o'clock in the morning to go to work.


You are making more money now to sit at home. Yes. That is a fact. One. And then they, I'm not sure fact, but go ahead. You don't have to pay your rent, which is people's biggest expenditure that they have. Mm. So now you are up, up because you getting more money than you is making that work. And your biggest bill that you have, you're paying out less to shell out for. You don't have to pay it legally. You are doing, if they told us all in here, we don't have to pay our rent tomorrow, everybody's fucking up now let's say Parks, whatever you make, you got an additional 2,500 a month plus you ain't have to pay rent. What are we missing?


Okay, So go ahead. Keep going. I'm listening. I'm just, I'm It is just a mask. I'm pulling it up. It ain't emotional. It's math. You're referring to the economic impact payments, right? Yes. That was the EIP PS Okay. The 600 additional, which was one again and there's no tax. I don none. That Was it. Six. But was it 600 liquid or was, or I thought it was 600 in food Or cash. $600 check per week in your account. Additional 600 cash. That Said 200 month they Said you had to pay back. No, you ain't have to pay back. Now I know that the supermarkets and food was became higher at the time as well. Like food was higher, stuff in the supermarket was higher.


So, you know, I don't know. I just remember that. Yeah, I'm sorry You made more money and paid out less. I get what you saying's all it was, That's that's, I got you. I don't wanna get in the weeds of this, but again, what, what are you laughing? What am I missing? Something? No, I'm yo fm it's, it's okay for, for just to be like, yo, that that makes sense. Like Yeah, But I never said what you said didn't make sense. Remember I wasn't, I I began from a place of there's a blind spot and I think the blind spot is people like you don't get paid. That was never my issue. And most landlords contrary properly belief are mom and pop landlords. Most landlords are not these big gazillionaire. Right. But the what I'm saying but, but the problem is not that the problem is who gets evicted and the idea was to have to, to have a mass stoppage of it.


Right. Again, I'm not disputing the point you're making about this. I don't, I don't, I don't accept the median as a, as a measure because the people, because the people who are catching the most hell aren't at the median and they're below the median. So that's why I was saying I'm I hear you. I'm not disagreeing with what you're saying. That Was my problem with his friends. That Makes, that Makes my point. Whatever number he started at them niggas ain't want to pay. Was struggling to pay his rent in. That makes my point even more valid. I Don't think so. Listen to this. Well lemme figure that I heard you out. I'm also not sure that a higher percentage Of people didn't pay If you were below the median. Right? That means you doing way better than you were doing before. Because if the median is 37 and the government is giving you 31 off the rip, I don't think that's the landlord's place to say in a time of a fucking crisis.


It's not, I don't think it's Time for you to sit home as a landlord Calculator When it's the crisis Going, everybody 600 nigga's Crazy. It's a crisis for everybody, Joe. And again, the landlords are people. What are you talking about? Most homeowners in the country are people too. What the fuck is you Talking about again? Again? So Everybody's going through a crisis. And again, if the government subsidized one person crisis and turned a blind eye to the other motherfuckers, that's not fair. The other people that they gave subsidies to are doing better than they were doing when they was at work. That's the point I'm making. Landlords didn't receive any, give backs, perks or anything during that time. They could have. That's my question to you.


That's my question to you as a landlord. Yeah, bro. That's my, that's my question to you. Yo. Let we fucking the pod up bro. Let's just move along. I, I don't think so. I would like an answer to my question. No, not really to answer your question. So what they did, they got their debt not forgiven. Like if you are in a foreclosure status, so let's say you owed $50,000 penalties, fees, all of this shit and back mortgages, right? So it's not just a mortgage that you, let's say your mortgage is two, two grand a month. So it's $24,000 a year by the time you get to $24,000 a year and they add on penalties, interest and all that other shit, you could legitimately be at 40 5K that you owe out with attorney fees, et cetera, et cetera. So what they did was take that $50,000 and threw it on the back of your mortgage.


So you still had to pay it, you just weren't in arrears no more with regards to foreclosure threat. That's what happened. Not that you had to pay back the fucking loans they gave out, but that rent had to be paid Back. You're wrong. Alright. Alright. What you're Saying had to be paid? What? The Mortgages had to be paid. Something had to be paid. The landlords had to pay. Don't make me call my account landlord. Like at end of the year, all this, The landlords had to pay their mortgage money back. Yeah. Yeah. The rent didn't Have to. That's, that's what I'm telling you. I know. I I'm not talking out the side of my ass, my nigga. I'm a landlord. I, I need to, again, I'm, I'm not, I don't know enough about this to disagree. I just, I'm, I'm not seeing the $600 a weekish Niggas took your money and went to Gucci.


Nigga niggas took your money and went to Louisie. Forget buy Lynn me a fucking river guy. I'm not, not crying at All. 'cause I, I overcame it. What I'm telling you is the same people and You look good Doing it. No, the same thing. So I'm not trying to pitch this story a struggle to me. I'm not, I I'm not saying I'm struggling. I'm telling you though. You're saying that the same people that got fucked Up. Oh, on. Oh no. Ish. I'm sorry. I don't mean to, I'm looking here. I'm seeing, I'm still trying to, I'm, everything I'm seeing says the economic impact payments weren't weekly, but they were one time payments. That's what I thought too. That's not true. They weren't getting hundred Money. Ice was getting the money. I don I wasn't. I was working. But my, my, my girl that I was with at the time, she was getting that every, every week, every two weeks with unemployment cuts.


I'm telling you what the bro, What was she getting? Tell me six. Her unemployment plus $1,200 because she was getting paid biweekly. Thank you again. I I concede the point because I'll do some research. I Said I don went shopping with your shit. You right. I don't want to sound cynical, but what I'm telling, she was staying at home making more money than me. Alright. I'm gonna ask y'all to send that to me. I'm ask YI haven't seen that back's our Original thing back to our original thing. That's why I said it's a humanity piece in this. But you're asking some of the same people. Let's just say hypothetically that got fucked during Covid to now say that they have a humanistic bone in their body and they not going to up the rents and take advantage of opportunity when the opportunity is available to them.


That's what I'm saying. You didn't give a fuck when the opportunity was on the other side. So some people don't give a fuck. Now, I'm not saying I'm one of those people. They, I'm telling you that some of these people might look at it as I'm taking advantage of an opportunity the same way people took advantage of an opportunity. Folks play the cars. And I was on the downside. I'll end with, I wouldn't do it. Neither would I, I wouldn't, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't make more money than I making at work. And I pay my landlord rent neither. Shit. Shit. So you picking and choosing then when morals matter, we picking and choosing when we give a fuck about people, when morals. I think we should always, and I, I think if, if we find a blind spot or, or a contradiction, I think the answer is to fix, resolve that contradiction.


Not to The government. Tell me, I don gonna pay rent. Guess who ain't paying rent? And I'm okay with that. Again, I don't think people should have to pay rent. And If a nigga tell me, yo, I could charge $9,000 a month for some shit that was $3,000 a month, a nigga could say, I'm gonna charge it. Yeah. I don't, I don't see it. But can you off air show me, send me the thing that shows that that's 600 a week. Because what you're saying that makes a lot more sense to me. And I would say you're right. If people are making that much money, I just never saw any evidence of people making that much money. You, I saw your friend group ain't them niggas. Well no, I I mean I I looked up economic income. The, the, I looked up the policy and it seemed like people were getting $600 three times. Not every week. No. That's the stemi. No, you went to the mall during that time. I didn't. You didn't. Short Hills Mall was a mad house.


The Gucci line was down the block. Oh people, I mean people went to the mall with PPPs. We Couldn No couldn't keep, we couldn't keep crab legs in the store, nigga. I ain't seen so many classic bottles. That's From the stimulus check. Right? A stimulus check mark. That's what I'm saying. You're saying every week people got $600. An additional $600 per week. Okay. I don if if it's true, I'm not, I'm not saying you're wrong. I'm, I haven't seen that. This Is dragged on long enough. A, I'm now to break the monotony going to play a song from some unknown white girl on TikTok. I like this trend of peop the, the girl broke up with a man and she's not a musician but she made a song.


Somebody Let me hear it and I laughed at this motherfucker for nine hours. Tree. Wait a minute. Oh Imagine you live in LA with your boyfriend. It's a video too And everything's going amazing. Hey, until he says, babe, I wanna move back to Texas to be closer to my dad. So You give a half of your career, Let, Let's go. This might be a hit. Yeah. And have a Goodbye party. Take off months of work. Deplete your savings to pay for movers and drive to Texas. So Worth it for the love of your life that wants a future with you because he said so.


So you spent a month waiting for your shit to arrive and then another month moving in, building furniture and stuff and you're so happy. A family vacation. Oh, In the hands It Says we have in common. Oh no. What is wrong with you? Yo off too fit.


Just getting your crime. We back for you. And then you drive to Florida to live with your Mom that She was fucked up. Yo, I didn old you now. They gotta save TikTok man. Niggas hate shit. It is fucked up. Why would he do that to that white girl? Why niggas don't know how to, we don't know how to bring up. He sent the letter Ish. That's He sat down on the new couch. She said that just arrived and wrote her a letter that said we are not compatible. We have nothing in common. God damn. After they been together three and a half years and moved from California, she done quit her job and gave them half her saving, depleted, her savings, all that shit.


Scammers is up. Oh no. City boys up a thousand city boys up a thousand. Man. You didn't try to flirt with We just talking about that a scammer man. He just got an 850,000 pretending to be Brad Pitt in the relationship with a old, with a 60 old lady. Oh yeah. That's, and now she's, she's going, she's suffering from depression. She's getting now don't laugh At 60 years old. You should know who Brad Pitt is. No, he was sending pictures. He was sending picture For the hospital bed. Somebody AI shit or something. This shit look like This story. Even say Cheese posted it 'cause we just surprised at this shit. How the fuck he got away with it? I need, I need to come up with a come up like that. Wait, So she thought it was actually Brad Pit.


He said he needed money. He said that he needed money for the surgery for cancer. He also needed money to go fight the, get the Lloyd to fight. Correct. To fight Angelina. Angelina Jolie. Yeah. And Then divorce. Nice French woman scammed outta 8,850 K in fake Brad Pitt romance. God Damnit 53-year-old French woman was duped. 800   Now she now she's going in the hospital for the pressure. She trying to Lawyer salute. She said salute. Huh? Salute. Yo. That's 850. Hey yo. I be Watching. Hey yo Listen do some pitches. Word yo. I went down a rabbit hole on YouTube and I watched people that scam the Indian scammers. You know the scammers overseas?


Yeah. They scam you. They're scamming them back and It is a whole operation. So now the Jamaicans got nigga. Whoa. No I'm serious. Kidding. Lemme finish my sentence. They don't have the video scam in the Jamaicans back. They have repeat patching them, getting them back Because They put money in your account. They put like 10,000 in the accounts so you could them niggas taking the 10 and keeping it. Yeah. Some crazy shit. Sir. Go to YouTube. Watch that shit Mark. I'm going to, you gonna be glued. Huge. Huge bro. You gonna Be glued. Niggas be calling you. Yeah, I got you gotta put it on the green dot card. Yep. Then I'm gonna put it. Yeah. I Hate that scammers text me today. Hello. Your resume has been recommended by multiple online recruitment Companies.


I ain't even know you was on nd on D nigga. Well that's how I know they scamming because I ain't never had a resume. Hey therefore our company offers you remote online job, which is great. Remote part-time, full-time online job to help yada yada y update data, increased visibility and bookings, and provide free training. Now I'm only reading this 'cause I know at least three people that thought they got a new job. True. They be getting you until they made a phone call or went to work. Yo, we No real, we just need to verify your social's right. Get you on payroll. You know we gotta get all your Shit. No, they going crazy. And Send a picture of your license Too. The working hours are 60 to 90 minutes depending on your schedule.


And you can earn 480 to $1,980 a day if you are willing. The basic salary is 800 for every five days of work. Five day paid file period. Yada yada yada. They make that shit sound good. Mm. Too good. That's the problem. And we just, we just need to fill out to finalize this paperwork, we're gonna send this over to you. We need a copy of your license. Yeah. So you gonna put the social on the application. Oh true. You know what I mean? Date of birth on an application. You gotta send a picture of that license. Oh no, yo. Oh No, I had to pack up, drive to far, If we wasn't recording, I would've played that song three more times. But we working so yo. Oh my Lord. Why he did that though? That was hit. I need to hear it again.


I'm gonna go listen to I His song is hilarious. Yo, she had to add a little more Ramen to it. That shit could have been a smash. I ain't gonna Hold you too busy getting no bars off, man. So He took a family vacation. Yo niggas families, yo. Yes. They'll tell you to end that shit. What else? What else, what else? What else? Jimmy. Jimmy Butler. Jimmy Butler. Which part of Jimmy Butler? Pause The child support part or him versus Pat Riley? Oh, I was just talking about the child support part. I'll talk one person. Pat Riley. All Right. The Pat Riley part. I feel the way about too, but Well Let's do the child support first. That's fine. We have child, child support experts, child support experts up in this piece, so Yeah.


Yeah. What what we got, I this I Struggle, but what happened? The girl is getting how much and she, so Here's the story. And she won an extra 10 K Right? Right. Because the newsroom just reported that she was asking 50 5K, which was a little misleading or 60 5K. She she's making 55 already. Yeah. And was asking for a $10,000 increase for three kids. For three kids ages five, four and one I think. Or five two and one five. But they're all under five. Paid a Woman. That's my easy answer. Paid woman. Paid a woman paid a woman. Jimmy Butler's argument is she, or his lawyer's argument was she does not work And we were never married And, and we were never married. But first the she does not work part is important because he's saying the 55 covers the kids. The extra 10 is really for a lifestyle that she's trying to maintain without working.


And then he says she's trying to live the life of an NBA wife by not working. We were Never married. Which, which we never worked. So I should not be responsible for having to upkeep her quality of Life. Exactly. That's, that's the old, that's the argument. And and this is where, what county, where what, how many children do Hold up? So currently she's three. 3, 5, 55 all In the five? Yes. Yeah. Currently. Where's this at? Where's this case at what State? I'm not sure what state. I'm not sure what state. Somebody google it real quick. It might be taxes, but I'm not sure. What I'm gonna say is $660,000. That's no tax. 'cause you don't pay tax on child support. Right. That's the equivalent to like one point, let's say a million dollar job.


Right. So I I just think that if you make a million dollars a year from your job, you could take care of three kids. That's my opinion. Pay the woman because again, child support's supposed to be dual. I It's la Supposed to be dual. So if she don't work, there's some judges that will make her go work. Yeah. Some judges be like, ma'am, you have to get a job. If you want more money, you need to work. I, I'm struggling with it because the pay the the pay the woman is the easy part. Even first of all, if I had a 40, $50 million contract, he's about to get an extension. I probably wouldn't be spending my time haggling over $10,000 a Month. I think it's a principle thing more than a money thing. It absolutely is a principle thing. You got a one yearold with this person, so you just got outta something too. So this also feels like Emotional.


Yeah. Sour grapes. Yeah. It's a whole lot of shit happening. You don't have a one yearold with somebody and then you get to this stage unless a whole lot of shit is happening in the, in the middle. To me, the argument that you're not a wife is a bad argument. It's a better argument when you got one with somebody. When you got three kids, one of whom is like 12 months, 12 months old. You are not my wife. You you, you shot up in that thing three times. Like to me at this point, like the wife, not wife is that's, that's legal to me. The the bigger point is like just y'all have, y'all are co-parent and y'all have a relationship. Let her have this life. Whether, whether you, whether you 'cause you can afford it and, and she's asking for it. That's why I keep saying pay the woman. Yeah, I'm with you. I can't find that where It is at. I couldn't find it either. Either You put three up in there knowing that she didn't work.


Right, right. And just put One up in there. The end. Yeah, it was recently yesterday. This ain't No yesterday. It is an extra 10 grand Or there's an opposite. There's other side of that which Is move to New Jersey or Texas. No. And we don't go through this in Jersey, in Texas. Now Get your kids. Try to get your kids. See niggas never wanna do that part. That's the Ice. No, they don't. We ain't doing that. But that, That niggas never want that side. Oh. Oh No. Why you swimming here? Why were you swimming Changed their lifestyle? Well, I don't, I don't wanna speak for Jimmy's. I don't know. I know when I looked at his, his new home in Architectural Digest, he had a room, a new room for a young kid.


So he clearly wants to do some caretaking, but he may not want to have three kids full time. And what what I suspect though is if he did in his lifestyle, he probably end spending just as much to take care of three kids and, and have nannies and support and travel as he would paying the mom 55,000 though you think? Yeah, It is Jimmy Butler. Yeah. Not as us, but as Jimmy Butler as men. We always look at it wrong. If you have it and, and you could afford your kids to live a certain lifestyle, then I assume that you would want To. Right. Jimmy's saying I'm paying for their lifestyle. I'm not gonna pay for yours. But $10,000 extra. Never. It is not Necessarily a fucking, If I'm paying you 55, I'm paying for your lifestyle too. I month that's 600. It depends. It depends on what that 55 includes. For example, if 10 ain't gonna be, if you pay for private school daycare, that shit ain't, I mean that'll eat up all that.


I don't know. He may be paying that on top of it. I don't know the situation. Oh, I don't know what is that crazy. I'm just saying if you three kids, it ain't like she asking for 110. I'm I'm saying She's asking for 10 extra. If you paying 55 already. Yeah. And 20 a kid in LA a little bit more than 20 a kid in LA It sound like I'm not familiar with la but it sound like it's part of course of what they do out there. Yeah. That doesn't sound crazy to me. That doesn't sound crazy to me. That's what I say. I, I say, I say just payer 10,000 a month. To me extra isn't that big a deal. And I think a woman who has three of your children should have the same lifestyle. Hold up for a minute Mark because our math guy, we doing all of this math right now.


660 oh a year. I'm bad at math honestly too. Y'all have music. Calculate math man. Like what, what do you think? What do I think about what, What do I think about what, which piece? The increase the ask what should or should not happen? I mean, based on the information that we have, I think it's emotional. I think that if you, and again, If you Jimmy Butler, do you you fight it. I fight it. Got it. I fight it again not based on the money. I fight it based on the principle. So I don't know the other things most Tyrese shit. No, I Don't know the under, no, I don't know the underlying things. Again, let's say hypothetically Jimmy Butler is paying the nanny or paying for schooling or paying for these other things in addition to the 50 5K.


Like that's what happens a lot of times. True. So now I'm paying for all of these things and you just getting $55,000 to live with it's fly. It ain't that many Chanel bags in the world. It is. You get what I'm saying? And again, it's child support, not ex-girlfriend support. Nah. Yeah. That's where, that's where that's where it Lose me. Yeah, me too. And and I I get your point, but there's a distinction to me how the Child live is outta ex-girlfriend live. That's what I'm saying. That's not true. How Not? So, because it's a lot of parents that their Kids Oh, it don't have to be true. Oh yeah. Is What you're saying. We're saying it should be. We we're saying it, it should be like for example, if I got three kids by you, I want my kid to live in a building.


Or you Keep talking about the kid Joe said yo, how the kids live the mindset. I know. Hear me out. Let finish the thought. You get what I'm saying? What I'm saying is if I have three kids, I want my kids to live in a certain kind of house in a certain kind of neighborhood, keep going as their mom. I want you to have that kind of lifestyle too. You know what I'm saying? I want you to have that. If, if the kids are able to afford this kind of meal, right? I want you to be able to eat that same. I don't want you them three going to the restaurant Necessities are necessities. Right. And I'm saying at that lifestyle, you know, I think that at that lifestyle, whatever my kids have, like, I think you should have a quality dope car to get my kids back and forth like a Mercury wherever they need to go. I think that you should have Ford's A good car.


I put some Like, yo again, if you need a, if you need a Range Rover, go get a Range Rover. If you need this, go get this. If you want quality food, get quality food. We talking about a million dollar salary people. Right. And so the extra a hundred, It's a lot of us that are surviving and we don't make a million dollars to eat. We eat very well and we drive decent cars and we live in decent homes. But if you had, so it's a, It is a middle area. I hate when we get into these situations where we look at it like it's feast or famine. It's not feast or famine. You making $55,000 a year and you don't work a month. A month. Pardon me? And you don't work. But He's making 55 million and, and I'm saying that that's, and and and I that's the problem. I mean it might be, but I, I think how much I make should match.


But child Support is based off of what you make. Not when you make a certain amount of money that they cut the calculations out when you make a certain amount of bread. Oh well when I was there I make a certain amount. There you go. Yeah. So that's what I'm saying. I I'm saying I'm talking about the shoulds And thank God I ain't go back. You know, I ain't With you. You the that 17% Down there and tore your fucking head off. I got a shout out. My baby moms, both of 'em. I do. I do. You are the win There Seven. That, that was peace. That's 17% shit. Now they fucking what? Yeah, no, that was peace to them. But they wouldn't Do that to you. That's a good looking out. They Wouldn't do that to you. Mel, what do you think as, as a, as a woman, I'm not here.


Well, she ain't said a word about two hours, so Yeah. That's not, that's a lie. I Like when she gets stuck, tell I'm not stuck. You can tell Her mom be elsewhere. Do you catch Her as I'm not, don't, don't do that. I'm, I'm don't do that. I'm I'm president here, I'm Watching, you know, they don't, they wanna pick off. Flip, answer the question then quick go. If you, if you, if I agree with the fact that she has three kids, you got used to a certain lifestyle, you want your kids raising that lifestyle. I don't see a problem with it. He makes an exorbitant amount of money. I I just don't see the, it's at that point another 10 grand that's nickel and dimming to him. You know what I mean? And I think that it's just for the sake of being emotional or whatever the case is.


Do you Think you should have to work? I think it's a luxury to be a stay-at-home mom these days. But I think it's beneficial to the children honestly to have your mom. But do you think You should have to work? Huh? But do you think you should have to work? And what if you paying for like a nanny or something That I don dunno. What if she dirty? What if she's dirty? What dirt? What does that mean? What if she's dirty? I don't even translation. What does that Mean? I I I didn't follow that, but I didn mean she don't need extra 10, I think. No, I just think we, we we we've fallen death on what $55,000 is every single month.


Like I just think we forgetting what that is and what that means. That's a lot of, that's a lot of, you get what I'm saying? Like we looking like yo, when you make 50 5K that you're not short on anything. Yo Like what do like, yo dog, I'm not Convinced of that though. Not at that lifestyle with normal people. Yes, but I'm saying if you have a lifestyle where Mark do the mortgage, what's the mortgage? The Mortgage might might be 30, 40,000 a month. Oh, not mortgage rent. I, I don't know that, I don't know that. Like There's so many variables that we don't know that's the, Especially they just got out of a relationship. I'm, I mean, again, so that's what I'm saying. They could be in the house that they lived in. I'm sure that if there's a mortgage, it's, it's in the hot mid, it's in the five days Addition than It is 50 KA month.


Right. But I'm I'm sure because she don't work that house is in his name. Right. Because she not qualifying for a mortgage unemployed. That's for sure. So that's an expense and a liability that he incurs. I'm just talking about when we break down $55,000 a month, we, we are sitting up here acting like a lifestyle cannot be maintained with 55 grand. It depends on what you gotta do with that 55. If you gotta pay for school outta the 55, that's, that's more than half of it. And that's true. No, That's not true. Come on. Yes It is. If you're Three kids, Do you think that Jimmy Butler's kids are going to fucking private school? No, they're going to Montessori. They're going to some private shit. Do you know What your Montessori school called some on? I, No. I personally do not. But if we're talking about LA it's probably really fucking expensive.


It is easy for an exclusive and exclusive school to be between 50 and a hundred a year. Would you agree with that? 50 grand. 50 grand. Right? There's three of them. One is 12 months. He's not in a $50,000 a month. School might be, I mean, $50,000 a year school. He's 12 months old bro. It Might be daycare then, but the it might, but it's the same principle. She Don't work what daycare See that? Okay, so that's, you don't work. So, so, so that's, that's where it gets even more interesting, right? There's a question then we have to have about what domestic labor looks like and what the value of It is. You think that's, what's funny about that? Do you think that's funny? I don't know what, why is that funny? It's not funny to me. I I I mean I really done miss the You don't, we don't, I'm saying domestic, domestic labor is labor, right?


So what I'm saying is if mom is at home all, I mean, y'all laughing, but just hear what I'm saying. If mom is at home all day, stay at home mom for use a nanny. Okay? So she wants a nanny and she wants a nanny and he's saying that you don't work. So you don't need a nanny. This is, and she wants to use the money. Butler states that circumstances have changed in the timesharing agreement and that there's no need for a nanny. Who said? Said that? Butler. Butler. Yeah. Especially the Riley time sharing agreement School. Yeah. And Bri Brianne being enrolled in preschool or childcare. So she wants a nanny. He's saying that you home, you're not seeking employment so you don't need a nanny. And this is what I'm saying. This is why I'm saying, and I trying agree. And this is why I'm saying we need to count, think about domestic labor a little bit differently. Okay? If she worked a job and worked eight hours a day, would she be entitled to a nanny then?


Yes. Because she'll be able to pay with with her salary. No, no, but I'm saying is forget about salary for a minute. The idea is if you don't work, you don't need a nanny. I agree with that though. And I'm challenging that argument and saying if I worked eight hours a day, I, you wouldn't have a problem with me having childcare out for other hours in the day. Right? If I, if I'm at home with the kids for those eight hours, does that mean I'm 20? Is that not enough? Should I working 24 hours a day with the kids from the old school. Big mama took care of 15 motherfucking kids while pops went to work, nigga. And I'm saying that might have been a problem. Big Mama wanted help. Big mama couldn't get no help. Maybe, but we not, she she made it look good. Mom And Big mama was fucking and sucking on Mr. Johnson from around the corner.


Not Jimmy Butler. Oh yeah, big mama. You know, big Mama was fucking and sucking on the broke mechanic down the street at fucking Piggly Wiley. No man, we we talking about bitches that put the work in went and fucked and suck on a rich nigga for a reason and got it. Got you. But still, she know And I do and I I agree with Mark on the fact that just because you a stay at home mom don't mean that you don't want and deserve an nanny. True. That's what I'm saying. That's, I don't agree With that. Stay at home moms don't feel like picking up Three, you stay at home doing, picking up three kids Every care of running through what I'm saying, domestic labor is still labor. I'm saying you're still doing work. New mothers are labor man, that's not 24 hours a day. Mothers are lazy, bro. That's laziness. Take care of your fucking kid. You get 55,000 a mother nigga go, I'm not. Get your sister. Lemme say it. Get your sister.


Move that bitch in the cri excuse my language. Get your sister move in the house with you. Get somebody from somewhere and move them in the house with you so they can help you take care of the kids. I don't stand on flip side than that. I stand on it by myself. What I'm saying is $55,000 a month is enough to pay the nanny though. I listen, I agree that three small kids is no small feat. Right. By any means. That shit is hard. One small kid is hard for two parents in the same house. That shit is a monster. Three kids, one parent is a a She could barely That's what I'm saying. She Could barely think. Right. So I'm not, I'm not, trust me, she could barely think You.


Right. That's what I meant about the value of domestic. You Can't go to the bathroom. That's what I'm can't take a shower. You can't take a shit. You can't do any of these things about three small kids. So a nanny is definitely deserving of this lady. If not too. That's all I was saying. What I'm also saying though, if 55 KA month is enough to get that done, yes. Maybe again, I don't know their lifestyle, I don't know what their spending. But if we came to an agreement of 55 based on the lifestyle we have, and now I'm adding a nanny to the mix. So 10,000 month, the s not crazy. Is this based off a lifestyle? Or it might be 20 a month. I don know what nanny costs Ish. Are you and Mark basing this only purely of, solely of a lifestyle? Because I'm, I know niggas that had three young kids and take care of their children and, And make less than a million dollars and like Way less.


What are we talking about? Are we talking about the new times? Are we talking about keeping up with the Joneses? Like what, what are we like people take care of young kids. Let me ask you. Oh, stay at home mom. Take care of young kids without help all the time. Let Me ask you question. Why we normalizing that? No, that's your children. That's not you. It's your children too. It is. I'm not talking you personally. It's I'm saying You saying that and, and this is a fact my nigga. When we break up your lifestyle gonna change. We was boyfriend and girlfriend. My kids, when we break up, the lifestyle's gonna change. And I'm saying it Shouldn't, my kids shouldn't At the level. Yo bro, what are we No, no. Let me be clear about what I mean. 'cause I I I agree with you on part and I disagree in the other part. I'm not saying I gotta still send you Chanel bags. That's what they're saying. The girlfriend's lifestyle should be the same.


It is what we are saying. We not together no more. You can't get the rollie no more. Me being a mother of my children don't entitle you to a fucking Rollie or to some short Chanel bags or some other shit. My, my objective and my obligation is to make sure that my kids have an optimum style of living. And we all know that we 55 grand You could do that and It's almost impossible. No. What else you could do with it? 65 grand. You Could really do it with 65 grand. You know what though? Next year 75 sound better. So and the year after that 85 sound Better. And and that's where Ish I'm saying the agreement with me for the extra 10 makes sense in this case because there's a concrete ask attached to it.


I don't think you should get it just 'cause you want it. I don't think the sky's the limit. But Jimmy said their parenting time has shifted and all that other shit, which means that's why he's standing against it. Yeah. Which means he might be taking the kids more and you not having the kids as much as you used to. Because that's what that matters. This red that matters, matters that matters. All all of that matters right there. There's a, there's a, there's an arrangement where it wouldn't make any sense. I'm speaking in general terms 'cause we don't know the specifics of the situation. I'm saying $55,000 in general is enough to keep a great lifestyle in general. Somebody close this out. But if you make $60 million, I'm saying the money they make their lifestyle shit and their monthly expenses are so high that it wouldn't shock me that $55,000 a month isn't stretching to meet that lifestyle as it would to meet most, most rich people.


In closing, mark what Jimmy Butler ISS asking is for, he's entitled to an accounting of the mother's use of funds. I think that's a hundred percent fair. That's what he said. So he, he said, which, you know, the amount that he's paying exceeds the maximum that these children possibly could need. And now he wants to see, I wanna see where the money going, see where The money is going. I now, if the money is going and if the, if the money's going to restaurants and bags and shit, then I, I agree. That's not, that's not what it's for. So you agree that he has the right to see where the money's allegation? Absolutely. I I don, I don't think her, I don't think she should be living lifestyles of the rich and famous off the money. I'm saying, I'm saying personally, her personally I'm saying the kid off collectively, they should be living the same lifestyle.


I'm saying she sh I'm So if you do a forensic accounting and you turn out that of that 55, 40 of It is going to her wardrobe. Yeah, that's fucked up. That shit. That's not right. But if I look at it and it's going to daycare, it's going to food, it's going to the nanny, it's going to tennis lessons, it's going to the night. I'm saying then what I'm saying Yeah, give it the other 10 and let it I'm not disagreeing with that. But that's not what y'all said. We got it. We we can move on. Whose side are you guys on in Jimmy Butler versus Pat Riley? I don't know the full extent of it. So you gotta bring me, I always lean toward the white man on this. It's, it's the safe bet in the NBA Pat Riley is saying your your best years are behind you and, and and, and we're not, we're not paying you top dollar or premium dollar for none of this shit you're talking about.


You're 36 years old, it's over. We're not giving you the extension. We're not giving you none of that shit. He wants a two year $60 million extension junior Year. Jimmy Butler is saying I'm him. I took the team to the finals twice. What it twice? Yeah, You the one paying attention because y'all weren't in the playoffs but yeah. Yeah. That's not the time for low blows. It's always the Time twice. And pause for that. Yeah. Yeah. Jimmy Butler saying I took you to the finals twice. I am who I am. You built a team around me and pay me. Who, whose side do you on Joe Pat. He's definitely on pat. You On Pat's side? Yeah. Got It. Is It what have you done for me lately? Yeah. You paid, you paid for what you will do.


Not not not what you have done. You got it. You paid off off your projection, you paid off your potential, you paid off all of those things. The second that that goes away, I'm not paying you tomorrow. I don't give a fuck how great of a day you had last week. If You still performing and, and the projection is you can still perform then yeah we can pay you that. Did Jordan did Dragon Universal One exception did Dragon Universal, did Jordan Get top dollar when he went to the Wizards? Jordan never got top dollar Jordan. That's not true. That's not true. He got top dollar for those three years but they gave him $30 million a year. Still wasn't Top dollar. It's not top dollar it, You know what I'm saying? It was so top dollar that it took another almost 15 years for for anyone else to match that salary. Even when he absolutely got top dollar those last three years. The problem was it was payback for all the years where he wasn't getting top dollar and, And it wasn't top dollar because, and it didn't take 20 years.


Y'all still making a shit ton of money off me packing up stadium every single night. So if y'all to let me walk up. The thing with the Jimmy Butler thing is, yo, we can let you leave or we can trade you and we could potentially get back what you are bringing right now the Miami Heat are not favored to go anywhere with regards to the Eastern Conference. So now us keeping you at top dollar is not necessarily a good business move for us. We can go get some pieces and get back some young dudes that we could possibly build around with the current talent that we already have. And Right. Ra the market warrants you to get $30 million. Somebody will give it to you.


Here, Here's my issue. And by the way, fact check Jordan got the contract in 96, 97 to 30 million and it took until Steph Curry until 20 17, 20 18 to match that. So it took exactly 20 years for somebody to beat Michael Jordan's Sal annual salary, like I said. But the, the, the bigger, the bigger point to me is sometimes they give you a contract on a promise. Like remember when Kobe was washed and they still gave him big money at the end when the Bulls gave Michael Jordan money at the end it was this is a Thank you and we have an institutional agreement to that understand. Got it. I see. And if that's the deal, fine. But I don't think Pat Riley moves like that. I'm about say We ain't got that If we ain't got that understanding. If Y'all had that understanding, we wouldn't be having this conversation. No, no. Sometimes you do. 'cause sometimes the owners renick it, it changed.


That's they they renick. That's all I'm saying. And so Pat Riley has just had such a bad track record lately with D Wade, with LeBron, with Les Kyle Lowy. But there've been multiple stars who have said Pat Riley ain't shit, or Pat Riley is shiting us on the way out. So that that weighs in one way, Jimmy Butler's had a bad exit everywhere. The Bulls, he did the Timberwolves. He did the Sixers. Now Jimmy ain't always wrong, it's just, it's it's like when you get two people that are assholes and you don't know which one to believe. And this is like the perfect marriage of people who don't know how to, who don't play well with others. So I lean toward Pat Riley in this simply because Jimmy Butler doesn't deserve the money at this point.


I'm not giving Jimmy Butler 50, $60 million a year. But that's A, that's relative. But Jimmy might think he deserves it. If you deserve it, then go out and get it then go out into the market and get it if others agreed. And, and the market is easy, right. You get what I'm saying? Like the market is easy if you looking for a job in most, in most arenas fan, I mean not arenas, I mean just in most forms double on touch. Somebody, some somebody will give it to you. If I'm an accountant and I think my skills are X and I think my experience warrants this, then I'm gonna test give to, But this is where maturity comes. This is where maturity comes in. 'cause when Jimmy doesn't get the number, just like in Minnesota, instead of waiting till June and going on the market, he's like, fuck it, I wanna go now. Yeah. Just like I fucking thought.


'cause you niggas with all that Googling shit while I'm in, in the middle of polling, podding can't do it my damn self. Michael Jordan got $30 million for two years. Right? We're saying the same thing. I said you said Three. He said three. Okay, three. The point is it took 20 Years. I know he didn't get no, they they they tried to piece him up at the end of That's what I said. Yeah, but when you said three it made me think all right, he got 24. A little longer than than no, The disagreement was, I said it took 20 years for someone, it was so much bigger than everybody else's. 'cause the argument, because you said he said it wasn't top dollar, it wasn't top dollar. I said it was not only was it top dollar, it was top dollar so long it took 20 years for someone to match it. And you said it didn't take 20 years and it did take 20 years. I Was more so talking about for annual salaries to become a lot larger than so am I It took 20 years for somebody to match his annual salary.


That's my point. It's You keep saying that based off the two years, if I got 90 years outta you for fucking dirt and won six chips and I piece you up off the back for two, it's not annual to me, you got two years Worth of salary. And that's exactly what I said too. I said, I said he got shitted on for so many years that even the big checks they gave him were just make up for before. I'm not talking about how long it took for somebody to actually make that annually. And by its true definition, I'm talking about the Kevin Garnets and the people that broke the mold of Big Dog Robinson. Yeah. And the NBA and that didn't take 20 years iss what I'm saying Derek Coleman You, you talking about over overall contracts? Yes, We talking about I wasn't talking about that. Okay. I wasn't talking about that. My point was they gave him a bloated salary at the end to try to help him. But Michael Jordan never really got paid what he was supposed to.


What, what, what? So with Jimmy Butler, can he, would he receive the money somewhere else? He could. It's possible somebody give it to him. But the problem is Jimmy Butler's not good enough to determine whether you win a championship or not. Unless you're so close to one. And if you're that close to one, you don't have $50 million to pay one guy. You The last one to know that you're not like that no more. That's The problem. That's The the problem. That's the easiest way to put it. You're the last one to know because the Warriors were interested in bringing Jimmy Butler over there and then Pat Riley was like, I need Wiggins Minga three four first round picks. They was like, wait a minute, we talking about Jimmy Butler. Right. Right. Exactly. No, now you're trying to be a dick though. No, you want a a, a hall of a return for somebody who is deemed a premier perimeter player.


But If you deem a, a premier, premier, premier plan that you don't want pay now you asking for you're 36 years old. Everybody int LeBron, I'm agreeing. He's Saying Pat Riley is being difficult asking for more than he deserves to, to, to punish Jimmy knowing you not gonna, you Can't, you can't look at it like, yo, you not good enough to give you this bread. But then when I go to trade you, I I'm asking for whole fucking truck, this kitchen sink and the motherfucking mattress. So Jimmy is, somebody's gonna be an idiot or desperate. That's what's gonna happen. So Jimmy Butler is good, but not that good. No, he's great. He's great. He He's on the downline in his, He's on the downside of his career. Got it. Okay. I'm just, it's what Universal is saying to Drake, Thank you for what you've done. We view you as on the downside, Drake's like, I'm Drake still nigga pay me. It's the same shit. It is exact same shit. And the problem is the team, like I don't, I can only think of three teams where Jimmy Butler would be a difference maker in when you win a championship or not.


And none of those teams have the budget to pay, have the budget to pay. And the teams that we think might do that actually aren't that good. Like the Lakers, I don't know if he'd be a difference maker, but they don't got the mon the resources don't got the money order Roster. And if you saying he tried to get that from Golden State, he gonna tell the Lakers, get him the whole fucking Staple center. Exactly. Exactly. I know they asked for a bunch from the Lakers. Yeah. I want Reeves Connect. Rui motherfucking Three picks some money. He'd be great on the Knicks. He'd be great on the Knicks. But again, y'all is smart enough to not give up this so much for him. You Do a lot of talking about the Knicks. I don't know if he'll be a great on The Knicks. Don't talk to me about the Knicks though. Look, your team just had to have a secret meeting with fucking Adam Silver Bud Sea League and everybody but Dead End buds.


Hey, can we Keep the Sixers here? Yo, yo, please. Can we keep the Sixers? Yo Joe, He so snappy man. I was, I was showing you was showing Nick, Nick Love man, the Nick look, y'all look Goods actually he would be good at at the Nick. He'd be great for the Knick. He'd be perfect for the Knick. And he played with Tibs before but did now did him. And he'd be great on Sixers too. He'd be perfect on the Sixers. Somebody, he would be Perfect. Somebody close on Jimmy Butler, please. You know what? Fuck y'all man. Fuck. I can, if I say anything Philly related, y'all just shut down man. Even if it makes sense. Yeah, no the hate is real. In Philly related news, in Philly related news, Philly related news, beanie Siegel is using AI for his voice restoration. If you remember Beanie Siegel had that problem with his voice.


He started rapping and sounded a little different after he got shot. Yeah. And now there are, he he, he previewed a clip of him rapping and what AI did to help his voice sound like it used to sound. It should sound good. I can't lie. It sounds ly. I Love it. They absolutely fired. Do we have that clip? Anybody have clip? I can find it here. You find it. The clip sounds great. I'm really happy for beans. It was fucked up to say when his voice was going through that, but that was a big part. Your voice is a big part of who you are as rapper. Yeah, for sure. And when it changed, like even though you're a great mc, It takes away some of the delivery. Yeah. It's tough. Delivery matters. It is tough. But this shit right here, my guy.


Yep. That's my, I Love it. I Love it. I Love it. Can't wait to Hear more. That's, I usually hate ai. I'm down with that shit. The perfect use of ai. That's great. They said that Whatchamacallit was exploring doing the same thing. Who? DOC. That's, Oh, that'd be great. Be great. You should. I love all of that man. I want, we need more music from Mack. I go, I go and see him live when I can. And we did a party for him in Philly two years ago. And it's like when I hear him like perform live, it's kind of a letdown because his voice isn't that strong. And so I get disappointed and It is, shout out to Mack like it, he's still great. He's still a legend to me. Yeah. And one of the few people that watched his ho on just about every track they on. But I need this, I need, I need to hear him like the old Beanie Siegel.


The reason Beanie Siegel, you know what I'm saying? This is a case where I would not be mad at him rapping over his vocal live. Like if you just play it with the vocal all the way up Adlib bit. I'm not even mad at all. All that crazy. I'm not even mad At all that shit sound good. That's it. That was no mix, no nothing right there. Wash this hole and Everything. I said almost everything I heard him. I I just Let it go. He from Philly, I let it go. Is that not factual? It's Not factual. He's from Philly. Preface it. Let's do it real quick. Reservoir Dogs For three minutes. Reservoir Dogs. I do not think that Beans Reserv. Lemme take a step back. I'll say he is as good or better washes a lot. He's as good or better. That Changes A lot. Now I'm with you On Reservoir Dogs.


I I'm, He is as good or better on Reservoir Dogs. Gotcha. A wash. I don't, I don't I think, I think Beans had the best track, the best verse other than Sauce on Reservoir Dogs. But I I that's, that's, I'm with you on it. Thank you. I'm with you. Oh my man popped somehow some you grab Vestibule Yo. Yeah, but I also want to say not to grab my whole ger cape. Oh boy. A lot of those were Chris Paul AlleyOOP from whole for him to do that. Okay. What you talking about? You still Did it. Still did. Still did it. We gotta do It though. Even the story, even the whole story of of Reservoir Dogs in the studio sets talking About the opportunity. You talking about Yeah but where your plate, nobody knew who the fuck Beanie Siegel was when Reservoir Dogg.


And that's why he had the best verse. And you want to join with the locks with sauce heavy hitters in here. It is Ho's decision to put you where he put you. For sure. You still gotta do though, bro. Still you still gotta deliver. You still gotta deliver. We, You could be set up for the perfect reverse and don't do, you could be a rookie and the point guard Game but you're going and but you're gonna deliver if the guy that signs you knows you have that capability and put you in the position To do it. Actually, actually let me let, let's not underplay it too. He didn't deliver. He windmill fucking dunked that straight. Like come On, sandwich down for weekend. Locked up with dirty white paws And s Come on man. You could have gave it to him. Little jump. That's It you guys. How do you spell reservoir?


SE Let's go ball. He fucking, there's The difference between insist and the sense No again. Like yo, you, you drafted me. You ain't know I was gonna do this when you, you're starting playing Guard but You Right, but look, reservoir Dog Thors, I make it hot. Flooding your block the best way professionally. No five poisoning your x-ray sitting in that. Sit on my wall, took the shots, fall nothing to do. Just slows the clip up in the groove and to the poster. I swear big move my team. You would think we're doing thine how we Flo. So don't give a fuck with it. Station Bus pipes, contour. Apply it now. Got a quiet town and tie it down. Make niggas lock it down. Y'all know Where To buy it now. Being Mac. I supply it now my squad row deep and fa cars with two sheets, couple of five, a few backing up coat to last a few weeks.


Case nigga you really wanna test my name and test my game until you have me test my aim. Y'all niggas nuts like test goat, you walk in your apartment building best of you, best for you to keep on walkin, keep from the walking keep on walkin platinum. Be stay see me at the meet the Sergeant at the precinct cheese sandwiches down for the weekend. Locked up with white. Alright, I'm glad I did that. He don't have the first or second verse best song verse in this. He don't best song verse in the song. He don't, you don't the best. Now you gonna say Kiss best Or second best verse was The, that was the argument.


It ain't even third or fourth to Me that The Argument. But it's, he wined it. Not He did win. He wined it. He Killed his Opportunity and It is good or better to host. I think it's actually definitely The background. No way. Now that I heard it again Kiss no Way in world kisses versus is fire. But it's really about they both gangsters don't get, they get chubby. Right? That It is just that bar. That's hot style shit. No, no, no. I'm talking about in terms of the elite Versus I'm not doing this. What you Styles kills it. I mean they all kill it. Styles kill. They all killed it. Sauce had the best one to me. Sauce got the best one. Sauce got but part of why sauce and beans is at the top It is 'cause they're the ones that people didn't expect to have the best verse. It's a surprise. It's a surprise sauce. Sauce ain't the at the top either. No. You, you wildling. I remember my memories. No, no I meant in the song order wise.


Oh no, I didn't mean order. You mean I'm only talking about who had the best verse. I got it. Who had the best verse To me? It's sauce, money. I'm saying sauce in his beans. I I think it's sauce, sauce, Jada, them, beans, sauce, kiss, Hove. Yeah, them three. Those are three. Any one of them to me, those are the three for me. Two you, you got, I don't even think about Beans or Hove on any track that they've done that future Scarface. I think Scarface is the only one. You could say that somehow Some way beans is versus, I mean again, these are all great verses on everybody Somehow some way I take, I take beans. It's on, on, on state property track, on on state, state property, album and these album. Oh, you high. Oh they getting busy? No, they getting busy. I said that's the, I think they match there? Yeah, you Keep up. I think. Keep up or better. This says keep up or, or better. Oh okay. You got it. By the time it song came, Hove was hip to Beans Tricks and Hera rap Ra on his song he did, but so did beans.


I know. I mean for a lot more time. Oh, oh, I see what you're saying. For a lot more time. I'm not letting you do that again to me. Beans, where have you been? Beans That niggas damn near cry. Oh yeah, yeah. That, that, that one I give you. I mean come on. You got that? Yeah, sure. That one I give you still got love for you after that one. Same thing. I'll give you that one too. You got that one? That's what I'm saying. Beans. I think I proved my point. Don't talk bad about VeLD when I'm here. You can't do that. I love y sound like when I'm around, nigga. No. What you say? What? Two outta 17 songs now as I walking through the, I got 6:00 AM on the way to the club. What about that joint? Do it again. Do it again. Thank you. I can't think of it. No, not for me. No, no way. Wait, No you Don Matt come through on some on the club shit.


What we do stop. What we do is beans. What we do is beans all day. What we do with beans. So they blow them horns like Coltrane. Don't make play it because maybe I don't play. Please play his ho. You might have to play that. Please. Come on. Y'all stripping. You like Luis. Look what we doing. You kidding? Somehow it feels no start nostalgic. So man, y'all man, I'm about play this little slap from freeway. I know who that is. Fuck again. Hove had the best bar. Gotta kill witnesses 'cause free beer is sticking out free. But look at the whole that. That's what got, that's Kill witnesses.


Y witness Before they coat still I cry. Tears up a hustler. White tears from a mother pull outs for a brother. You are really, I'm about to say you don't even play that ball. You skip B whole verse. You don't have to play my ball. You skip. You skip B's whole verse and play ball beans. We really glad that you got your voice back but we definitely got, still got love for you. Yeah, definitely got that. And have where have you been and where have you, where have you been? For sure factually. Come on man. Like he but Bes kept up with Hove the most.


He did. He did. That's why I said on every track he's with him. You said it different than me. Yeah, beans but heard y'all. Y'all y'all still love him. The point is, and I love Hove too. Beans keeps up with him better than, in fact, better than anybody I would say. Who has that kind of volume with him. Okay. Oh yeah. Okay. Nah, nah, nah. It keeps up too. But you know what I'm saying. They don't got as much volume. They don't have a volume. They got what? Four, four tracks Maybe The Ludicrous Joint. The the the the on the N Word album. Nah, kiss keep up. X. How many songs have how Finn Kiss on with Hove though? Yeah, that's what I'm talking about with volume. It's like ain't that many people got volume. Yeah It is. It is not.


It's not that many. Yeah. And I mean maybe yay. You know what I mean? Still ain't got the volume number. Yeah, Y keeps up. Yeah. Keeps up. But it's a lot easier to keep up with other people, whoever's and lot to keep up with other people write it. Right. I could keep up with button if I get somebody to write it ain't writing it right. No you couldn't. Please nigga. Nigga Please Want to go get Shawna. Anybody you want to go get, I mean not Shawna. What my, See Shawna? No, my girl Miss one, miss Jade go get Miss Jade. Shout to Miss Jade and Baadilla. And Shawna. I was mad as hell when Shawna called one.


I was ice cold too. Getting, Getting, getting. I Was getting some head. I was like hey, hey. And that was one. No you God damn. Huh? What'd you say? This Snake. Oh my God. Yo. What'd you say? No, I Like that song. Nothing. No I know Guy Coke. There you go. Ish was there for all of the women that wanted to pop me that I wanted nothing to do with. He was there and remember him with his Elephant memory ass. I don't remember none of that shit. But the same nigga argue with Me about some shit. He ain't do Mr. No memory. I know you got it dog. You remember shit that I forgot and don't want to ever think about.


You remember the fucking Fantasia on The tweet? Fantasia? Oh my God. What happened there when I see you, Tweet was gonna get me, Luelle was gonna get you. Oh Elle did say she wanted to fuck me. Right? Yeah. Yep. Mm. I ain't gonna lie you. That's how you stayed afloat. Yo. You did. You doing a lot of shit behind. That's how you stayed afloat nigga. You think you think I was selling dick out idea? You Was wild. Yo. That was impressive. That was impressive yo nigga. T tweet come wonder what happened.


That album was crazy. That shit was crazy. That album was oh my, I came home sick quarter to three. I ain't gonna hold you. Let me get, let me get Rock on some props real quick man. Ooh. And I don't like giving Rock on props. That album was crazy but sometimes Hummingbird, sometimes niggas will play a song. It's It's gonna free. Yeah man. About these niggas. Yeah. Love you nigga. Hey maybe ask you about music shit. I be like yo, y'all gotta speak to Ice first. Broco, I ain't never given you props again, but I forgot about this the other day when you threw it on hold up now I ain't gonna hold you. He threw this shit on. I was like oh This Used to be my shit.


Then I started singing to somebody crossing the bar. Duck ass nigga. I get it. Hey you wasn't outside Ma. It's before your time. Let's go Pharrell. Pharrell gave slaps the niggas Joe. Get along. Oh come on Phil Col. Here we go. Get along with you. Oh my God. That's hard. Y'all Mm What happened to Pharrell Nigga? What He runs around and say God bless you.


The people that he condemn A hotel in fucking Miami. He's creative director of Louis Vuitton. Are we not talking about That? What does that have to do with him? Nigga getting on MP and doing, Chad Had an argument. He retired like you. Fuck you talking about Outta respect Chad. He retire. He is my down music news. TGS back got the album coming out two weeks finally. I'm not listening to none of you niggas till the summertime. I don't give a fuck what y'all do. I don't wanna hear none of that shit. I ain't gonna hold you Friday's come. I forget that the new music even dropped. I ain't checking for none of this shit. I'll be there for that one. Hey, go make it memorable and timeless. None of you niggas is dope. None of y'all niggas are original. All y'all sound like either somebody else or like you've been sounding. None of y'all are innovative.


I don't care about y'all. Y'all. And then y'all wonder why the state of the music businesses in such a disarray. Y'all are trash. I ain't even told about TG 'cause he went away. But I don't care. I got Bad Bunny to get me through. I'm cool. That Bad Bunny is Crazy. That shit's fire. Yeah, that Bad Bunny is talking. You see the residency show you did too? Huh? In NC Train? No, no, the resident. He's doing a residency. Puerto Rico? Yeah. Oh. Puerto Rico talking Month. It's it's a, it's month's. 21 days or something like that. 21 Episode. The first 10 days is only for Puerto Rican residents trying to get tickets later, later on. But Yeah, let's go park. You gonna speak down there trying Nigga. I might Go down there for that.


That might be worth it Might be you Parks go get with bad money C Puerto Rico before you get with Vibe Cartel. Academic just got with vibes. I mean, I'm trying to find the time. Shout out with the new structure. So I I I get to it nigga blamed it on you so No I didn no I didn blaming. I can't get the vibes 'cause of the new structure. No, no, no. You know what I mean? Didn didn't even know what new structure she was talking about Flipping those spaces. It is. And that's cool. I'm I'm almost there though. I'm gonna start traveling. I'm gonna Argentina. I told you. Ooh, I'll be Argentina's I'm gonna find out why they, they they whitewashed you Gonna to all the white places, huh? No, They, they, they eliminated anything black about Argentina. I tried, you know the ex-president. Oh, he died years ago and I tried to speak to his son.


I'm I'm, I'm on a mission. Oh you on some real investigative shit. Journalism shit. Yeah. I think I'm, I'm going to Ghana this, this summer. I'm doing it. I am. You should. I'm going to Ghana this summer. Enough is enough. Enough. I've been too many other places. I'm going and Dr. Umar nigga you nevermind, nevermind. Dr. Umar. I know that trick. When you, when you post the same girl a few days in a row in different outfits. Cool. Nah, he had Three different ones. Yeah, but Simba was there at some point in the day. They was, nigga Omar is getting his shit off. Omar, mark Lamar. I got a list of people that used that educational black power shit. Get pussy snip Pew. PI don't Well 'cause you're faithful when you're married.


Exactly. But in the event that you were not already know what you would be doing. Nah, That's, that's Pel it nigga. Yo. What, What year did you get married? 2023. Oh, last month. Oh that's man. But we were together before we were married. How Long? How long? A couple more years after that. When did, how did you get of 2019? You was out here? Nah man. How'd you get rid Of all your joints and when did you stop practicing? Poly urm Ur. That was only one night Poly ur thing. No, that's a good question. How did I do It? So your wife did that. Poly, poly poly shit was on. We, we both strongly advocate for monogamy.


So that made it easy. Neither of us wanted to do that. You know what I mean? You had a tough time in Apol streets. No, I just was over it. You, you ever, you ever just get to a point where you're just like, I've had enough. They Have not Look fair enough. I mean, you know that I Hold on. That's Imani bag. That Bag. You saying? That's what I now Hold up Know. Hold. I had to come in here and Sit here for four hours and just look you in your eyes And Gimme Free drinks. You freak out. No Eat with pineapple Out. You are mu you muddying. You muddying. I'm sorry. Your good Brother's Name. I take, I take it back. I'm sorry. On Public Airways. I take it back. I'm sorry. No, no. You, I i I took it back. I'm sorry. I didn you talking about I didn't even, I didn't even catch that I wasn't talking about him.


She said they she Never talk About you when she says they No. So, so this is what I tell you. In my twenties, I was just everywhere. So, and then I got a point why I didn't wanna do that no more. It was just, it wasn't, it was unhealthy. Like I was like it it was unhealthy. Caused some shit. No, no, no, no. Mentally unhealthy. No physically, I, physically I'm good. What's good Still am good. Never not been good. But You had to prove nothing Us. Right? I mean if, if it was rough then it was rough and we in hour three she not Listening that. No. But by the time I got to my thirties, I, it was more like the serial monogamy thing anyway. It was more like I, I was moving fast. Like the every relationship or, or dalliance might only be two Weeks, three weeks. Dalliance.


I ain't never heard of that one. Hey yo, this nigga did not say he was going through serial monogamy every three weeks. What I'm saying is, what the fuck nigga talking that's serial monogamy is lemme get shit off. That's literally Wait, is that three Weeks? No, Let's stop. You wasn't monogamous nigga. What to That's, that's serial monogamy. That's a fling nigga. That's, I'm running through these Joints. Fine, fine, fine. Whatever. And as, as I got through my thirties bullshit. Those, those times got longer. So then it was like, oh, I'm seeing somebody for four months, six months. But then it always kind of ended let go. So when it was time to actually end everything with everybody, it wasn't like I had five people I had to call. Mm. It was like one person I had to call who I was seeing and maybe other people had to call who I would check in with go.


No, I was check in with send some money for eggs. I see Y bad wasn't checkin when you monogamous. Yo. I see. I still talk to you on the phone. We still talk. You know I still talk to you phone. I still text. But certain texts are inappropriate once you like in something serious. Oh, even, even if we not fucking no more. What, what is that? That's what journalism did. And what and what does that text look? Got you up outta there. Hey yo, you saw me on CN like shit like that. What is that? What is that text? What text is inappropriate? Like what type of what style? Stylistically. 'cause I know that varies across relationships. It depends who we talking about. We talking about Somebody that you was, because it says all the time up here that he is able to maintain a platonic friendship with people that he may have once been like that with. Yeah. So I might have some, I'll give you an example. I may have somebody who back then, not now, who I had a platonic relationship with after we dated.


And they might be like, yo, I seen you on such and such, yo I still wanna fuck you. Or you still, you still look, fuck. You know what I mean? Some, some, some shit like that. And what's inappropriate for you to say that? That's inappropriate? I I Wait, Wait. You on the hook for what they text you? I mean, yeah, you gotta, because I argue, I I that in the you gotta nip that in the butt. How do you shut it down? Oh, I'm arguing that now. I I Wouldn't. Huh? How do you Shut it down? I'm arguing that now. Literally You can't just let that Fly. You can't let that fly. That's Disrespectful to Yeah. You can't let that fly. Yeah. So go Ahead. You can't let that fly. So I'm responsible for what somebody else text me. No, you're responsible. How you, How you Respond Don boundaries that shit. No, no, no, no, no. I'm not talking about response. Maybe I didn't respond at all. Maybe I dubbed it. Maybe I checked her in real life, but I'm not about to be responsible for back is different. What somebody texted to clear blue argue.


You're not responsible for that. You're not responsible what they rule. You're not responsible. For example, if you, if sometimes my response was a non-response and if you get a, if they get a non-response twice, they probably ain't gonna do it no more anyway. But if you respond smiley face, You Entertain it. You entertaining that shit. You can't text nobody. I missed that pussy no more. No, no. Damn It. That shit still is what as I remember it. No, no, no. That's bad. That seems, that seems past the line slightly. But It's past tense. Yeah. Just coming down, coming down your thighs still. Yeah. That shit dripping. Y'all niggas. Oh, y'all Just got plenty. Shit. Shit. Nothing crazy. Yeah. Nah. So I, those Type of rules only exist because women don't know how wet other women's pussies be. Mm. And, and, and, and sometimes people, people try to spin the block.


Right. So if I ain't seen nobody in two years, it should Be down the leg. Right. Right. Trying to change subject. Saying, Saying if you pussy is dripping down the leg, the leg, you know the shit go down the hip. And I'm assuming you don little, you're not gonna get me in my phone reading everything I said then maybe once a year. And that's the move right there. You do a Little. Nah, that pussy did used to get that shit was crazy. That's just, that's just still crazy. Mom can't, yo you can't. That's, I text could see it though. I text as if, if my wife were to look at my phone, smart. You know what I mean? And, and she would never look at my phone. But I, and she, she has the password. I gave her passwords, everything just for same, you know. Well No, you don't get password. Your shit got taken over. You don't give shit.


No. She took the password. S Little. Yeah. Your G card. I did bro. She got her face in your phone too. Yeah. Well the g what's G to me like this. You can do that. What's G to me? Is your phone being partner ready? Like here you can have my phone. There's nothing in there who I amm in front of you. It's who I am buying your back. And That's all I'm saying. That's what I'm saying, Like, like there's no, there's no, there's no text that my wife could look at and feel uncomfortable or, or, or that I would feel uncomfortable doing. I, I'm comfortable with everything. I, I, I communicate in my phone. Alright. What you do when You're old work is calling your wife names in your phone. Hell No. That wouldn't happen. Never. I won't play like that. That wouldn't happen. Can't do that. But if it happened, Then I would have to shut that shit down. Yeah. You have to check it.


You have to check. I like, yeah, you can't play it. You can't Say this nigga over here double say nothing back. She is Like that. Gotta point. Y'all crazy. Nigga is crazy. I'm kidding though. Yeah, yeah. I'm kidding. And I'm potting. Even if it happened in the past. Yeah. But, but no man. Oh man. No intellectual pimping for me. You know what I'm saying? I just, same. I'm just talking shit. I just, just regular dude. You know what I'm saying? And you meet, you meet people, Develop relationships And that's no, I mean in the sense of, I just, I'm not trying to exploit nothing. If people are, are, are, if people find intelligence attractive, sure. I don't you don't lean into that. Yes, he does. Not in a way that's like I, I'm just, I'm just, that's just who I am.


I'm just Me. Well I respect that. Yo. I gotta be me. Let me ask you something based off that conversation. Me, you and Ish was having during Covid when the government told us that we don't have to pay rent, were you paying yours? Not the one in Brooklyn because I didn't have it. Couldn't afford it. The rent was 6,000 a month. Rent was 6,000 a month. And I was like, I don't have 6,000 a month right now. I did not have it. Okay. Not, not, nope. But I was the only dummy running around paying rent. But I paid my rent. I was paying rent. But I, but I, but I, but I still pay. I was paying my rent, but I paid my, I respect the landlord, Joe. Nah, for real. I clunky With this phone. And also what, it Wasn't, I wasn't paying rent. I clunky. You guys are old line yo.


And it wasn't, it I it was Mr. It was like Mr. Roper. It was a fucking big ass company. And I still paid it before. Yeah. By the end. But during that time, no I didn't pay him. I was Mr. Roper never got paid. Yo. He was, that nigga was at Jack Counts every second. Yo yo dog. You got bitches over here. Y'all eating like come on three's company. Thank you. What? Wait, what did he just say? He said who's Mr. Roper was Mr. Roper. Wow. It was Mr. Roper then it was Mr. Furley. Mr. Furley. Mr. Furley. Sorry. Mr. Fur was in the closet. I heard the show before. Mr. Furley was Good Mr. Yeah. He seemed a little too obsessed with Jack. Nah. Yeah. He wanted to fuck Jack. He definitely wanted to fuck Jack. No. Mr. Furley used to be flirting with Jan and then Chrissy that's by, Yeah, That's by, he was trying get the force he Wanted to Fuck that whole house.


The flamingos, you know, every time he came Jack went in the kitchen. Fer used to block three's. Company owed us an episode of Jack Getting some Yeah. Getting some coochie from the motherfucker. Yeah. That's crazy. They really dropped the ball with that one. They really did. All 'em years now House? No, it's the seventies after the threes company came out. Right now it's threesomes. That's a show to need a reboot. Seventies, early eighties. Yeah. They trying to fucking squash the history of what Quaaludes was doing in the seventies. Nigga Dog three's company though. I seen what Molly did that to to Yesterday. The EY shorts and the ESP drills. What Janet with a, with Uber out.


Yeah. And what That Janet and Uber X Black Janet was going for you. Not Christy. No, I was a Janet Guy. I was a Jan Guy Too. I was Jan guy that had a little short hair. Always short hair. That's short hair. Boy they get you. Chris Iy Chris just a blonde bimbo. Couldn't cook nothing. Wasn't holding Jack. Damn. Really Janet. Don't anybody that the anybody that to show casted as the sex symbol. I wanted somebody else like fucking Kelly on Saved by the Bell. I was on Lisa Lisa's LA Oh Lisa was Ese. Yeah. Lisa Turtle. That was an easy Family matters. When Urkel was chasing Laura around, I was on the best friend that died. Yes. She all day. Beautiful rest in peace. Oh my god. Angel.


What? Angel in guy She was, You know, she was beautiful. I never went with whatever they was trying to, trying to do. Yeah. They also didn't pick the baddest joint to be the baddest joint. It depends on what you like. Because niggas thought Chrissy was the ba the the the one One three's company, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's You. That also White was name. Linda. Linda. Linda. Summer blonde hair, big boobs. Suzanne Summers. Suzanne Summers. Yeah. Thigh masters. She went on to get thigh masters. Janet was selling weed. S like Shannon didn't make nobody What she left. I might have popped Lisa and Jesse before Kelly. So like facts of life. You the fuck Joe? Me too. Jesse's not Facts of Life out. What you the fuck Joe Was The, was the brunette. Come on. No, The street Tough brunette.


He saying He the fucking Joe. So Joe, Joe Was there was Blair the blonde, there was Blair was the Was Rich and it was Joe, Natalie. Y'all were not fucking Natalie. You Weren't fucking Natalie. And then Tudy and then too Mel. Why you Always talk like you know who we would fucking and who we wouldn't fuck and call him a Picture of Natalie Discernment. Fucking Natalie. But why you Act like that? Who Natalie is? I Think fuck Natalie in the stretch. Okay. You don't know these shows either. Spin off of different strokes. I just don't know none of this shit. Y And he don't care. And don't make him tell us that he don't care. I'm not saying nothing. I'm minding my business letting y'all talk. I Was just surprised. I'm sorry. Thank God. So facts are like you smash facts. I'm gonna pop bla before Joe. You take The good, you Take the bad. You take both. Thank you Have the Facts. The facts alive. I don't remember.


I think you, I think you did Nancy McKean. I think. I think you would've did Joe. I'm telling you it Would Joe, I'm still mad that y'all know Nancy Reagan suck a good dick. I am, I am. I'm Still not over that. We don't know Put spec on the, we heard They all say, they all Saying it though. They all say, They all say they gotta have some kind Of, they was like you gotta meet Nancy. Like it was like executives were like, like passing. I get it. I'm just mad that y'all knew that like the ABCs. That was a thing bro. It Shouldn't have been for y'all. Like the way my brain worked. If my dick wasn't of time appropriate, age appropriate. When that person was that person, then I missed the boat. Hey I wasn't like that in the fifties and sixties. I missed it by the time I got on earth. I wasn't checking Nancy Reagans song.


It wasn't the Fifties but she's the goat. 60 Seventies. It wasn't that. It's like kids now. Eighties. You saying eighties. She was still dicks in the eighties though. Ronald nigga Ronald Reagan was the president in the eighties. Yeah. Yeah. But he was already fucking, Yeah she was doing this in the sixties on the M GM lot. Literally that news came out like 2021. She beat Monica. Yes. From what I Hear now y'all base that on. Oh from what I hear, from what I Hear Nancy, Nancy Reagan was like the wilt Chamberlain of this shit. That's why the kids said ain't no wilt. Nancy Reagan was like the Wilt Chamberlain. I believe she gave Niggas a hundred yo 40. Rest In peace, rest. Rest in peace.


She was crazy at the ri. Well Thank You. I've been working here Too long. I gotta get the fuck outta Oh man. Publican niggas going hang yo Some these talks don't come on. Pierce Morgan Piss Is Fucking Aaron. Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan is like the Republican Kobe. Right? Shit. He Allen opposite the Kobe mix for the Republican. They love him dog. They going tip, he made up Mag word. They gonna be mad. It's crazy. Rest in peace. Nancy Reagan off of our Beanie Siegel hove conversation. I did want to ask y'all if you could pick any rapper in the world for you to be on the same song with them five to 10 times, who do you think you would get the better of?


Majority of the time. Joe Button. That's What I was going, that was my guess. That's literally what I was gonna Say. I Gotta write it. That's peace. Okay. Joe button for you. Yeah, for sure. I Gotta write it. I Well if I'm, I'm getting a writer because that Matters to me. You right. He gotta be a family member. Oh Shit. Oh you got, you got a lot of niggas straight from there. I got A lot of nigga Joe. Now I'm shooting a gift. I'm definitely, I'm definitely gonna Say Joe Dave Ball. I brother already Do so Five tracks. I killed Joe but no Joe's on my list. Yeah. Alright. So Joe button. This Is corny Trick question huh? Yeah It is corny. You know what It is for me? It is like beating anybody else in the track wouldn't gimme any satisfaction but like destroying you on a track and then sitting here afterward.


That would be, that would be fun. That's why I think that's why everybody feels that way. Alright, well let me just direct my comment to you since you the voice of everybody feel, I don't think you could beat me in nothing. That Pierce Morgan is not present. Like if one of them little fucking social thought leaders and white niggas you be around if they not present. I think I got you. We doing basketball. We are gonna do spades. What else? You said You don't shoot pool right? I Ain't gonna hold you yo. Bowling. Bowling you bowl. I think he good today though. I think he good And pool. I'm IMing He keep pushing that pool. He keeps bringing up pool. He was The only one who didn't answer. He's the only one didn't answer that. I'm, I'm alright. I'm not, I'm not good at pool. He Nice. Yeah so I'm not good. That wouldn't count. I'm not good at pool but I saw, I saw the couple you playing basketball so then it's like, I don't know how well you self, self assess Bowling.


Back to, back to your question though. Yeah this nigga Playing with a lot of them legends out and he getting away with a lot. Playing with niggas up here bro. Play This nigga short so I can't hear everyone at the same time. No I said back to your question, I'm going after a lot of 'em. Eighties legends. I'll get a couple of niggas outta here today. Cool. Mo DM? Yeah, yeah, yeah. All 'em niggas. You ain't beating mall. Cool D All them niggas. Molly Mall don't rap Mar don't rap. What's what's Some muscles? The bridge. Mel Mel not getting Mel. Mel outta Mel. Mel. Yeah I'm going after them. Nah, you're not getting me. You not getting Kumo D or Kumo D. Crazy. I say every, yeah maybe before Kumo D you should start Going Pre and post Ku d. I'm going get them. Eric You gonna get G Rap too. I'm going get Them. Leave. Leave Uncle. I better leave. I'm saying I think they all gonna eat Lunch. I, I'm not going.


Yeah. What about Shannon? You think you get Shannon Getting you can Shannon outta here. Yeah. Big daddy. Kane Sha was no was nice. Sha was going out. I'm not stupid. Exactly. Big Daddy Kane rap better than all of us right now. I'm not playing with Ka. Right. Just second. I just wanted To see what he was gonna say. No, no, no, no, no, no. As long as you know your limitations, that's Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's mailbag. Old legends. Hey man Y'all So trash man. What else Is important or unimportant? You talk playoff. Is this sports? That's it. I think. Ain't nothing else out there. It's cool with me.


I'm satisfied. Lemme just check my, check my mental Rolodex. Which is the notes in my iPhone. Mark. Yes sir. I hope when this nigga played you in basketball Like you, you, You, you play well. I'm okay. Nah, 'cause you talk a lot of shit. I haven't talked a lot of shit. You, you only hear me talk shit. You don't hear him. He started his whole, I don't pay attention to this nigga. I pay attention. Yeah he nigga you know when he has to do bracelet. No, no, no. Listen what I'm saying is that I don't pay attention. Yo. I didn't hear you don't talk a lot of shit. Wait, hold on. Stop. You gotta hear this because y'all do that a lot and I don't hear him. Say it again. Yo got no headphones. He said a lot. I saying what? Listen just now. I said nigga you said you don't pay attention. I said nigga you notice when he gets a new bracelet.


I'm saying you do pay attention man. No but not when he speaks. 'cause a nigga will talk you into a fucking lake. I'm not paying attention to that period. You talk a lot of shit because you're good at talking and I hope that you can back it up. I hope that you play basketball and shut this nigga up, period. Oh, so you, you want me to win is what you said. I don't want you to win but I want you to fare well. I don, I fair. Well there's Only win and lose. Hey Mark, I ain't gonna hold you. Don't lose 'cause you, you saying you don't. You talked a lot of shit. Thank you. Thank you about both of them niggas. Thank you. Free. Okay then. That's not true. That's not true. This is what happened. This is what happened. This whole exchange started with us minding our own business. And this nigga come on up saying y'all niggas can't play no basketball. No I'm not. You're not athletic. Nobody who can read that good can jump basically is what you said.


Pops called up and shut shit down Nigga I'm free tonight for Monopoly. TalkTalk stupid to me like you talked last part. I got money you free tonight. I got some money. I'm free tonight. Let's start with availability. I have some money for what? And I'm free For what? For What? Are you available and Yeah you don't, you don't do this one. We talking, we talking about Taking monopoly. See, See that, that that's, that's what get 'em every time. Right. And you don't have a sitter Mark. Stop. Don't You Don't have's gonna be at my house. I got a table, I got a gang. Yeah. Okay. I like you also have a daytime curfew. Mind your best. Oh shit. Not today. And it's not regular Monopoly. I figured If it's not today you can stick around Trump. What makes it I gotta go pick up the baby though. Oh.


But I could come back. That's my shit. That's my line all the time that come back Be playing depending on what y'all talking about. Can y'all just tell me what the monopoly shit is? I really think he would be good. So I really want to introduce him to the game. He Has to be able to be outside longer than two hours. How long does this monopoly take? 10 hours. No, 40 Minutes. It is 90 minutes. What's, what makes this monopoly different than regular Monopoly? Monopoly? We'll tell you about it off here. Tell you about, Okay, We'll tell you about it off here. Oh three dice core. Are we going, are we going to the Canelo Crawford fight? Yes sir. Yeah, I think, I think that might be one that we should be at. It's Worth it. Yeah. Where is it? Vegas. Vegas. I think that's one that okay.


September. You changing. I think I wanna say September. I'm up. I told you I'm nah forget it man. Nah, I'm just, I just know before you was always saying the fight in Vegas was never your thing. You wouldn't go to them Shits Canelo Crawford. So I'm To even hear you say that It is like, okay I see it. Who you got change? I can change. But as of today, who you got? You Know who you got. He can't say nothing else. I don't, I I I want to, I want to go black. Gonna stay black nigga. It is, It is gonna be that boy. Canelo is, I'm different. I Be rooting For Bud but yeah, I'm rooting for Bud. But Canelo is different. Tough bro. Canelo is different. He losing A step too. But he's tough still. Yeah, but Bud had to go up. I know, but Canelo ain't the same Canelo.


But he's still tough bro. He's a hard out, comfortable that way. He's a hard he At you. Would you go out there To the fight? Yeah. I doubt it. He, he a hard out though because you Can't win the mix. I'm going and I'm bringing my girl and I, I'm being faithful. You can't win to Frank. Lucas makes his shit nigga go. Who can He got the shit In Vegas. You can't Where To? Frank Lucas makes in Vegas. Why not? Why it's hot Nigga you don't understand It. It's Fucking freezing in the winter. Really? It's the desert. It's freezing In the fucking winter. Not in September though. I went to Vegas. SES was hot as fuck. You telling New York at night? It is freezing in Vegas. It Is. You right, You right, You right. No, You right. Hmm. You right about that. I'm going to that fight nigga. It is. Come out there nigga put a mink on nigga. I'm scared to know what they gonna want for a good ticket.


Yeah. Gonna Be stupid Exploitative. This the one Exploitation. Get a box nigga. Yeah. That's fucked up. Fucked Up. No what I Mean And that's why I ain't going Bump the tickets up to seven grand. That's Fucked up. No it's it's a luxury. It's a luxury. I it's A luxury. You do not need to go be at the Canelo Crawford fight. Unlike like heat. But you need four walls man. Thank God we got landlords like Ish. Hey, if we need, all we need is roof over our heads man. Thank you. Thanks Ish. Make sure, Make sure the heat is right Ish. Make sure them old ass radiators the steam shit is out Ish. Was mad as hell during Covid. Yo. He Was tight during Covid. You passionate. My man suffered man. I appreciate. Nah, you, you got house about to be going.


I don respect that. I understand. But you survived. Look at him. Look came out Stronger. He thriving clean. Hey, Kanye did some shit. Dude fly. What he sold? He sold something or something. Some new slippers or something. Just posted some new joints. $20. He went off on Adidas first 'cause he was like, you know we severed business ties yet when I search Yeezy, y'all come up before me and y'all still got all my shit on your site and everything. So he went on a whole rant about that. And they took it all down. Like now Adidas took it down. Yeah, it's all down on. Good for them. Good for him. And Then he went and launched a new Was it like a slipper? Yeah, Slipper. Like the slipper Socks.


It's it's not Like actual Slippers. It's something new. I saw It is $20. I wouldn't buy 'em, but they looked all right. Why? What'd you buy 'em? I don, I don't support ye that, that, that that, that Nazi antisemitic shit was too much for me. Got it. I can't, I I can't, I can't fuck with that. Not until if he, if he apologized or actually felt different about it. But I actually think he's fucked up on that. But I also think Adidas did him dirty even musical You wouldn't support. No, I don't. I don't even stream his stuff anymore. You're not getting a new album? No. No. If I hear it's gonna be here, mark Don't play that shit. Is anybody all you don't. I ain't seen a football game since. Yeah, so You don't And I'm with you. I'm with Ka Nah you with ka every time, every time Steelers lose you with Ka lying.


Right. That's the cat. So you Don't, you don't support what he said. You said so you don't fuck with him. Yeah. When he said Hitler was wasn't that bad. Yeah I definitely was support that. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And slavery was a choice and slavery was a choice on that part. I don't fuck with none of that. You a nigga that would Is anybody else? You a Nigga that went in front of the, you a nigga that went. There's not a lot of people who I got that line for or Kelly's another person, You know what I mean? I don I don't like to be in the room when it's playing. I I I asked DJs or people to turn the shit off. Never. That, That's just me again. I don, I don I don't think everybody has to do that. That's my own personal choice. I'm with you. I'm never cutting off that r You what? R Kelly? I don't play r Kelly and I don't force it on nobody else. Paul. You you do what you do. You don't play because I'm somewhere in this plan. It is what It is. But you would never hear no r Kelly in my car and, and nothing play Kelly's no more.


And I gotta rule in my businesses. You cannot play it here as a, as a company. Rule. S I'm down with teacher. Yeah. I'm down with teacher Moses. Nigga. I love teacher Moses. We playing that all. Yo, Why? Come on Mark. You you really asking why that artist? Because he pee on people kids. It's called conviction. He said he killed what? He pees on people's kids. Yo listen, I don't know about that. I'm talking about the artist. The song. Yeah. That artist pees on people's kids. Got it. Who he peed on on. Did you ever think that you would get this rich? Like because y'all, I hate hearing them. People say oh, the songs remind me that like there's not songs don't remind you that one and two r Kelly ain't making none of the money. We on on the happy people ain't making none of the money from his catalog. It Is who Pete On stepping the name of love. It's just personal that I just, it I don't separate.


I can't separate. It comes this my, this is why I do it. There was a couple reasons. One, I don't want to endorse him. I think there was a long time where people were making fun of what r Kelly did. Making light of it. It was, and I think us continuing to support him makes it easy for us to ignore what he did. You know, there's lots of artists do fucked up shit. I'm not saying we gotta be perfect here. I understand. I'm saying in this particular case, I saw a direct harm. The other reason was for a long time r Kelly was making his money. He, he had a compound where little girls were still, or young girls were in the house literally like a cult. And he wasn't making money from a lot of sources. So we were directly funding what he was doing. It wasn't some abstract shit. Like I don't wanna, I don't wanna listen to Miles Davis kind of blew 'cause what he did to, to Cicely Tyson. That's like then you can get in the slippery slopes.


I'm saying r Kelly was directly doing shit at the moment that we were funding. And at this point because who I, I don't desire to listen to r Kelly anymore. Got you. You know what I mean? For those reasons. That's all I hear. When I hear and I know that is when I hear that, I'm sorry I got a step. But you ain't gotta apologize for that though. That's just you, I'm saying you can't tell none of them old folks that at the party. You can't tell the old folks Turn Kelly up. Don't I don't tell him it's his own private boycott. So you walk out, you woken out. Yeah, I do. That's is my choice. But again, like I'm not, I'm not, I'm not asking other people Ain't gonna be there 'cause of the daytime curfew Party don't come alive nighttime prize party for you. You don't have like a private boycott. Somebody that you don't support because we private. You listen to Akashi?


No. Integrity wise. Wait, why, why why? You know why I don't listen? Why? That's not a good example. Why is, it's a perfect example. Why? 'cause he heard some people that I'm, I'm I'm friends with and he's trash some people that he, that some people, he sent some people to jail that I know personally. What if you didn't know those people but did the exact same thing? I can't speak on that. 'cause I know them Annie's trash. I know Mel Matrix. No. So, okay, so Annie's trash, Lots of reasons not listen to him. He wasn't trash all the time. What I'm saying is gotta be personal. I saying you trash Shit. R Kelly is one of the greatest music discographies to exist. I agree. So to to, I'm trying to make a parallel with Akashi. I see your point. But The parallel is only, we all got things. We all got lines. That's it. True.


And I'm just saying my line is Oh No, I wasn't trying to convince you I'm not. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm just saying that's the parallel. Please. R Kelly Cheese. That's what makes it harder. I get what you're saying. I like r Kelly's music. I just What about the music that he wrote for people? You wouldn't listen to that neither. A line It's a little bit difficult. Difficult. It's a different for me, but It is, It is more difficult. Like do I wanna not listen to, I believe I could Fly or whatever. Or or Aaliyah's album, first album and things like that back when he was making direct money from it and it was affecting like, again that culture shit, I wouldn't, but now it's different because I don't think, when I listened to Aaliyah, if I played Aaliyah in my car right now, I don't think people are even subconsciously like supporting r Kelly, Amy Jane nothing but a number.


Oh, I wouldn't play that. Alright. I wouldn't play that. Okay. For that reason. For that reason. We got it. But the but the but the at your best remix. My bad. I ain't, I Like It is okay. It's all right when you go home, play whoever you want to play. Yep. That's it. But in here, Don't look now, but fucking Lady Gaga and Bruno Mar, they got a little slap. Yeah. That I like Together. This is not my sleeper. I'm just giving y'all 30 seconds so y'all can see what you on. I just woke up.


Let's go. But since I, wherever you nobody's promised You get the point.


That shit sounds great. Nah, that shit's great. It's called Die With This Mouth. It's really, really, really good. Are we gonna hear anything else from, what was the name of the group? Onic? I hope not. I doubt it. You said you hope not. Yeah, I hope not. Why I'm, I'm cool off of that. I just want Bruno Mar solo at this point. I didn I that, that seemed like it was a mistake. Nah, I'm like nah. Grammy award-winning mistake. Well the single, the singles work. The album not so much. Not so much. I'm Oh, the singles work. Both of 'em. Yeah. I'm cool. This bitch got me paying of it. I'm hoping that was just like a, a thing for that time. Yeah. And I, and I think we liked them so much that we even pushed them singles.


Mm. Singles was fired that, what's the name? Smoking out the window and Leave, leave the door open. Shit. Shit Open. All right. For my sleeper, I'm giving you Teddy Swims and givon. Let's go. Yo. That's some bullshit. Right? Someone thank God.


But I you are so beautiful made up in my head. Are you in my s that I asked ever since Mad? Are you something from a dream?


Something that made That's just that I, every time I wake He never do you stealing. Not from me. I computer rush. Even when you slow dance for me. Looking at You right there. Are you from this world? I swear. Beautiful spirit. I just want you something. I don what I don wake up Are up my head.


Are are you are, are you something from a dream or something that every time I wake up news, Brand new music from Teddy Swims and Gion. That record is called Are You Even Real brand new available on your phone and on DSPs right this second. All right I'm, I'm gonna go to Detroit. I'm pretty sure y'all all saw there was a bunch of Eminem records that were leaked and the leaker is talking about he got upwards of 300 more to leak.


And it just reminded me of a song that Emon Royce made called Take From Me. So that's the you're gonna be okay. New old music. I've always been the type of dude that feed my clique. I know that without the fans I ain't shit. But y'all better read my lips. I don't spend raps this ill for you to just hack and steal and leak my shit. So peak my trip. I hope y'all don't think y'all helping me out with that shit. That shit stressing me out. Nickel nine is blowing up Christmas time. You should hang my album on top. We can buy your place.


'cause around that time my stocking is going up. Feels like a victory. Bitter this week with the big of the bigger the we between the relationship of me and my big broke hear what I said feels like the shit was switched on me. Everything I do for the nigga and the nigga, no I'll do anything for him. But the nigga refuse to put this straight shit on me. Keeping your distance probably best if you don't wanna fuck with me. But you know me probably best fuck pity you want that. You know is Layla Ali, chest tuck titty the problems. You got a problem. You think that I'm already set so I'm gonna look down on you. Just be proud of me. You already got my respect. I ain't trying to say something I regret so I'ma just stop chasing the pain and let you deal with the fact that we don't get along. 'cause I got a big face in the game sometimes I feel like fuck my life, I fuck with a few niggas did I know with my chick was the shady hope niggas wouldn't think twice.


What they fuck my wife. Guess that's the difference in friends. And so shit, I done been broke. I don been through the motions. I don't take no attention to birds. I use my scope and I tend to to vote. Just no one ever blows up your just to talk. I don't make money just to loan it to y'all. Tell a nigga acting you wilding it like dialing and then talking to a hole in the ball. Please look at these expenses. These niggas expensive. If I gotta lend you money every time I see you just to be a friend bitch I don really.


I live in the bubble. I struggle with the fame. Trouble is the pain folks double give a fuck what you say when my music you take so subtle just to give it away to people who don't even appreciate close motherfucker. I'm lip today as I break my back to give you my heart. You steal my fault. It's like driving a spike through my heart. You might not think it's that big of a deal to steal from me for music. All I got aside from my daughter, that sound like a ma. But it's getting harder me that part to not just go crazy trapped in this house. I'm about to snap in my not to start of what I got that I not work for. Put it all in every record. I rip record when the police tell me why you on the circle going to keep happening. And I keep grabbing but I winter sometimes. Is it worth though the bullshit? 'cause it feels like a town there no getting up from. But I won't let it gimme down. I'm uccu me think blacks are buckle. They appreciate me when I'm gone.


You say was ill right the way I kill mates with the way I feel right now when it feels like I'm so done with the shit that I may as well wipe. I have nothing else to give you. Nothing Left trip you farewell. I pitch you before I call my last gift to you ladies and gentlemen Lord house I give you And again that is new old music about 12 years old now 13 that is bad meets evil Take From Me.


All right I'm gonna play something off this new Ransom project the fir at first it threw me off 'cause he's using the freeway flow which I thought was weird but he kinda buy it. It's weird too. Let's go Ryan Go for the love. This shit is real. We ain't have many places to go man. Got To turn to them streets. Damn. I couldn't run to my mama 'cause she was never one for the drama. No love for my father. These concrete streets made it harder. Drop love for my honor. Swapped drugs for a dollar.


For a dollar. Yeah some hot slugs Make 'em holler. Squeeze guns 'cause I never had a hug as a toggler. Tooth fi selling dreams sparked plugs and some copper Caught a bug out enough to burst scrubs over. Your dread coming if the plug is a roster won't buzz till he see a little thug in your pasture. Some moj a ju full of vodka. One glove and a chopper unplugged. I'm a shocker mom. Duke's getting high 'cause the love couldn't stop it. If you serve it you'll be laying in the tub with your pop with hot here I grew up like a monster. Two tough boy ton or two stuck playing contra. One round street fighters ball up black Blanca. Two shooters on the corner parking up in the high. See them nigga got two fours spark 'em up like ma but dark enough like Bob a little mo tried to put it on me.


That's body smart up for the karma. No weapon you could form sharp enough. Put the arm for the arm. It is hard enough getting hard. Where do you go? It's no love for a more damn we still hustle till the sun come up. It is no peace till the guns go down. It's a cold winter. She won't sleep till the sun show up. 'cause mama knows she don't want no frowns. The streets so bitter. It is cold down. Better bundle up. Your pops going. He don't want you now he a known sinner either go home or gorilla the words from an ex dope dealer nigga. Yeah, no such thing as our close. Now the streets only made the hard cold and made me start over the past Could be music to your ears but be clear if they made the hard over put the pain in the pot.


Stir with a little. I ain't have a pops plus a block. You created dark soldier. I pay what I owe you but you won't get a penny more. We'll find a diamond in the rough without any plus two addicts in the shop selling socks. Three chains with no locks. DVD starting Demi Moore. Sharon Stone got a safety pin hinged on the herone. Chuck D, welcome to the ome. A big brother never home so I had to but all my brother-in-law and poke a face so you would've never known You play the cards you've been dealt when the bet is on. When do you go for the love when it's never shown. We still hustle till the sun come up. It's no peace till the guns go down. That's ran Where To. She won't sleep till the sun show. Obviously Playing homage to freeway. I Fuck that shit.


Yeah was hard. Shout out to Philly. He bo that flow. Shout out to Jersey. Ran It is in the kitchen. So Mel, you want to do yours? Yeah. You in the kitchen looking for sleeper, right? Texting Alex it ain't in there. Probably check under the stove. Well check over the stove. It probably It is sleeper there sleep if you look behind the chips. But It is, It is a sleeper there. If you look behind the chips and stuff or under the same page. Okay, mine is called Terms and Conditions by Benji and Spillage Village At Sake.


We good time Because I like to walk head out and bounce to the beat air. Show me what you talking about so I can feel the meaning. You don't need to knock it out. Just focus on your breathing when you are ready. Shout it out now watch out for the ear. If you down to ride, there's a wonder this remind me of Mother Land. I'm a mama. We can take a ride to the wonder. This I hope come along for the ride.


Don't have to be alone. All the lives after all the lows come to highs. Ain't no need to catch you up to speed. All you really gotta do is breathe every day show to give you August. That just might be y'all. You really need need up to speed. You do show to give that just might y'all, you really need In out fall Show.


Don't everything show Who you As.


Benji and Spillage Village terms and conditions. Shout out to them. You got my shit. I sure do buddy. I'm going to Avara. The song is called PARADIGM. This is the Sped Up version. Let's get it.


She the lane And I was going. The lane.


Hi, I don open. I guess I can, I was going That is PARADIGM, the Sped Up version by Avara.


I ain't gonna hold you bro. You should hit your back up sleeper more often. I ain't gonna lie. You backup sleepers. That was one. Nah, my, my my, my first sleeper was, yo, what you played. Sorry. Great minds. Hey man. But I think Mark has a sleeper. He wants Mark got little something. We, We good? Mark got some K shit. Come on, let go. Shit. No, I'm, I still got this Bad Bunny that got me in a choke core. Better Die is is the joint. Get to it.


Get a song. Bad Bunny. That's Veda Bad Bunny. Omar Cortez and Davy. Oh man. Bad Bunny. What y'all doing over there?


Fish? Just ice. Ice Man. Ice is crazy. The Bad Bunny did it. Yeah. Must it. Yeah. That'll do it. That'll do It. It'll do it. Bon Will do. It'll do it. It will absolutely do it man. How they saying Church won't, won't do it Won. He do. No, I was gonna say before we got outta here man, wanna a shout out to Jamal Crawford? It was just announced. Yes sir. Served that. He well deserved. He officially signed with NBC Sports. Mm oh okay. For broadcasting. Nice. Shout out to him. Starting, starting in October. He Brilliant mind. Yeah. Told you all he is been killing. Nah, He been killing. Yeah, He has been. That's very dope. Very dope. He one of a few.


'cause a couple of the mother motherfuckers trash. How Baba Doug tape Trash Couple of mother motherfuckers. It is trash dog Also. I ain't gonna say nothing about easy to block captain editing battle footage. Nope. Ooh, Let Mark, let Mark address it. 'cause he from Philly. So what he easy to Block Captain is from Norristown. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Y'all following through. Come on now. If he, if he was smoking niggas, you here be Yeah, I can't work. I don't hypotheticals. I don't do hypotheticals. Why? Why ain't never heard that before Now I've been saying when he was smoking Niggas I've never Well he got, he got, he got Mo Whopped. I I, I texted you guys. You did. And I appreciate that. Yeah Because I watched the first round. I was like, yo, the first round I was like this ain't going the way he think it's going to go.


Then the second round thought he was gonna cook and he did not Like his Ass whooped. He's getting his, I was embarrassed it was 3.0. I was like he to me it was 3.0 Me. It was three. Oh. Editing battle footage fam. No comment. Niggas was chanting 3.0. I don't think a comment is needed. What the fuck is that nigga? We was gonna do that. I edited mine. Stop my time. Yeah man, I put all that shit outta there yo. Do you see what? Do you see what them niggas did to your shit? No They got, when Hollo tells you something about the no and do the gun and all that. And then these niggas, these niggas is amazing with the graphics.


They got a nigga walking and you start slowly transforming these niggas take you to a bedroom where you sit down, take your clothes off. Yo these niggas are amazing. It goes And then what happens? I'm telling you bro. One day y'all gonna know the real Mel. Mel is an asshole. Me. I'm telling you. No, I'm a sweetheart. I you're not, you're not. You're not a sweetheart. No, no. You're horrible. No it's hold on a little strong. Alright. Yeah. Very strong. Don't she treat us bad And then when we do a bag, it looks like the beer, It'd be a lot, it'd be too strong personalities against one.


So we, you Gotta understand. Nah, I like when Mel get the shit off man. Thank you. Go ahead. Because she got A lot of shit to say. She say He'll play that music with this nigga. This bullshit Quin ass. Play It, play it. I left all that. I left the Chicago shit alone. I left all my thoughts. You did? I'm shocked. I left it alone. I am shocked. I can't but there's still a Patreon. I told you I badger you on Fridays. Okay. Not when Mark is here. He did say that With his cape Because he, you know you guys, you guys are ridiculous now. I got you. Man. S good. My man he play, he find something shit can be dead. That's funny. Son could be dead wrong. And this nigga find he finds a way. Was She wrong?


She wrong? No. That she could be no Mark. No that's not, that's not when I'm wrong. Don't Mel keep it real. He doesn't say it. Mel. You said what? He does not say it said is Wrongest. I she wrong. I call it out. When is she wrong? Mel stop we talking about that cake shit. I said yeah that's wrong. Oh you called said on the phone and told her no we said it on take three of us. We was on the show and Queens. No you softing the blow. Come on, come on Mel. You know that's, that's fire though. I would've did that. You know man. But you, I can understand what they're saying. No nigga you are wrong. You never See that. I will do that. If she make wrong, I'm gonna call If She'll make amends for the cake shit. I'm not sure how much other tangible evidence that, how can I Make amends for the cake? Shit. Give everybody back money. Pull my request. Think think, think of something else. Approve my cash.


You're wrong. Now what the, gimme an alternative. Gimme you guys. The alternative is a Hundred gift card that anybody Run room set the You Right. That was, that was Funny. Shit. You see your man comment on, on editing the footage. What'd he say? He, he Said something to it. Tell us. He said respectfully That was You. Right. Respectfully. That was his side chanting that. Why would we keep that in when you could watch the battle until he was getting fucked up. Y'all destroying battle rap brand. But not keeping it real with niggas. That's you gotta keep the chance of It is bullshit. What? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I don and he wasn't getting killed by the time, you know what's so sad though? I think that he thought by getting with like him publicizing the whole remedy shit, it hurt him more than it.


And that bar wasn't fire. First of all, that bar wasn't fire enough. It did like he should have kept it. I hurt him nigga. Yo I got knocked out. I don't know nothing nigga just keep going. Don't play into it. Yeah I would've just, I talked about yeah he shoulda just left it alone. 'cause he's a talented rapper because he cooked. He got cooked on it. But him in his mind he like yo I won at the end. But no you not with the culture. You didn't win. Especially with a figure like Pat It is. It just fucked him up. Yeah it, I thought about it this morning watching the show. I'm like hey damn that shit fucked Easy because Zy was going up here. Yeah. Hell Eazy Call call smack. Call smack battle. Make shout out to Norristown. Be is one of them niggas. Nigga get get Rock on the stage If I knock you out. I don't care about your alphabetical laughter line. Yeah like it, It is everybody that heard that what he did, nobody agreed with Easy yo rim.


Yeah like yeah It is a total down slope to yo rim. You love me? Yeah. Yeah. That's The punch slide. He should have got hit again. He should have got hit again. That shit Was trash. And again I feel bad with this take 'cause I don't have nothing. I know personally against him but he's talented though. But It is probably the best rapper ever come outta Norristown. Yeah. Oh that's a stat. Where's Norristown Outside of Philly? 15 miles north of Philly. Too far to be Philly. It ain't lower. Marion like Kobe. You know what I'm saying? It ain't close. Nigga Won. Well nigga won Claim Kobe word. That's Different. What's the difference? Kobe look across the street from Philly.


Kobe, we hooped in Philly. He he, he was a hooper Kobe. Y'all booed in that star game. I was there. Yeah we boo everybody, we booed a mayor. We booed kids. We booed fucking, I booed a kid. I booed this kid smoked a layup at halftime from the boy girls boy and girls club. I booed him. He from Philly. This is what we do. We are booing city. You boo niggas boo kids. Y'all come on you wide open. Oh shit. Mark. Before we go yo, before we go. Yo, you insane. You in that Joel em bead fighting clip. Yo. That was funny. Nah my god that was funny. My god. This context you might be missing. No we got it. All that popm. I dropped him the context. So first Your skirt Down first.


That's I saw Joint first of all Shit. Oh shit. Mark, why are you in that video patting Joel Beads chest. Okay, so I wasn't patting his chest. Gimme a chance. You saw a little bit of the clip. No, we, I saw. Yeah. Mark, come on Yo. First of all, first of all, what? Lemme explain. Get your little ass out the clip. Tiny ass There. They were fighting in my seat. I was, I didn't go over there. They was, they they were fighting in front of me. They were in my seat. You stood up out the seat. You did? And were on your foot. He's Seven feet tall. You follow me? Are you like tall guys, First of all, my point is I didn't go over to the scene.


They, the scene, the, The scene came to you and stood. They Had to get in there and Pat, I had been talking shit. I been talking shit the whole game with Kat. Right. I had been talking shit. The whole game with ka at that, at that time in the game or at that time in the, the season it was, we was always slapping hands doing shit like it, it, it was, it was in the rhythm of the game. It wasn't like I ran over you rhythm. Hit the hand in the rhythm of the name. Know what stand. Yo, we need to come up with yo, you know It's footage. If you watch the, I'm gonna show you. Look at the whole footage and see if you feel the same way. We, We need to come up with clear man cold shit. Like a lot falls under the dudes and don'ts of man cold. And this is one of those things patting another nigga on the chest during A fight. A nigga that, you know, after the fight broke up or a random dude.


So your Man outside the club fighting. You not on the chest pat, man. More like y walk into the car, you gonna be like, yo, you got that off Yo. Nah, nah, nah, that being too freaky. I the joke, I take the joke with somebody. You upset. It is just all my nigga. No, that's not what s That's not what happened. Whoa, Marcus. Okay, come on. Hold up now we reenact hold that so bad. Yelling out on Mike. They about to start bowling again. You put your sneaker on the couch like a lot is going on Right now.


It's alright. Hey, you did that, yo. Yes, that's exactly you did. You did. Yo, we still and you only foster Mark. Did you just sit down there looking like Motherfucker. All I need you to do is sit in your seat. Oh, You had a problem. They coming over here. You got a problem with staying in your seat? Huh? I stood up. Man, mark, that was crazy. It was crazy. It was crazy outta context. That's how I tell you. Nah. Okay. It was crazy. You guys have enjoyed this broadcast I did until the last 30 seconds. Don't do that again. Just let him fight to, to the fans as much as we have enjoyed delivering it to you.


Keep Mark and the rest of us in your prayer. Joelle Lord knows that we all need to be there again. We are praying for everybody in Los Angeles. Yes, it's going through a tough and devastating time. Until next time we bid you a do farewell, ADIO, sirva, dichi, OTA, or vo. So long. Goodbye. Or a simple head no will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have again. Rest in peace to my Aunt Phyllis. I love you. Gone but not forgotten here with us in spirit until the next time, man. Last but certainly not least, the baddies are insecure.


The stagnant women want to travel in a close minded women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol, you might need it. And that's that. On that man. Anybody got any exciting plans for the week? Nah. Really. All right. Washed Gang is back. Just Watch. Not this week. Washed gang is back. Mark, if you can get a sitter for the night, man, we can go, we can step out. Yo, I I I'm gonna try text Now. I think that crypto dude not gonna be there man. So we can get in our bag. You got some fun? Yeah, yeah we can throw some money around instead of staying You outside tonight. Let me know. You know what I mean? I gotta make up for Saturday. Hey, You know what I mean? Come on back out. Flip. I'll text you but let's keep I Can't, I can You threw your whole stack.


Yeah, he hyped me too. He like and a nigga own here. He said in front of yo, he owe Holly money. He won't to throw it. She looking like this. Oh shit. He like that. He fo I threw the whole shit like a, He owe holly money and wanna stand in there and hold the stack. Nigga, if you don't get rid of this fucking stack, stop embarrassing me in here. I you down nigga. Nah you did. We had a good time out there. Yeah, it Was nice being outside. I, you know, I feel comfortable. See that's why I don't want to go 'cause I don't want to embarrass you. You my man. Thank You. You doing, you doing a lot. Yo. You go that person rent money up, yo. Oh yeah. You getting The rent money now? Come on, come on now. It was somebody in, nah, I'll tell you. I off Ish.


Mel. What's up? You got any exciting plans for the week or you just recovering from Chicago Almost lost. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm recovered so I'm just gonna be working. Oh, she went to Chicago for real? Oh shit. Yeah. Yeah, she was in Chicago. Chicago last night. Did you have fun? Yeah. Was it cold out there? It was very cold. Did You go to the museum of what's the nigga name? Al Capone? No I did not. Okay, Got it. No you the best behavior right there. Word Killing him. Mel went and did her fucking event and went right back to the double tree. Man. Waldorf Stay at Double Tree. Oh. Waldorf got a double tree. Does not have a double tree. Shit.


Stop playing with Melyssa nigga Over. She Stay at the highest nigga is over. She the highest emotion. We stand the highest if niggas give up the end of the flight, nigga. She stay Fucking. Oh my God. We'll get the room closest to the elevator. 42 B. We'll get the room right there from the elevator. You Flew first class ma. That's a exit row. First class ma'am. I ain't gonna lie. First class or exit row. I would One f All male do is lie. You can't, All you guys are being ridiculous yo. All she do is lie. You guys are being ridiculous. We Oh man. Alright. There any jokes I need to get off on y'all? I don't think so. I think we did it Nigga.


This nigga is stupid. I didn say nothing. I didn't say nothing. I said yo ice. I didn't say nothing to you bro. I'm pointing the fucking paging nigga. They have that in the hotel that male stayed at. Nigga, If he snuff you and don't break the tables. I'm gonna laugh if you break the tables. If, If he snuff me and you don't stop, I'm snuffing you nigga. Then Corey gonna have to jump in. Nigga, we gonna have a rumbling. I got a whole plan and I plan on breaking that table before I leave. I'm gonna break that. I got a plan. I don't need nobody jumping, Jumping on that table, nigga Glass. I, I'm just letting you know that in the event that you snuff me, I don't want nobody to jump in. I'm cool. Oh, you get the one off of me.


I could take a hit. You can, you can. I don't wanna fight you. I Ain't gonna, I ain't gonna fall You. What? You challenged me before outside. No, I don't want no problem. I'm not gonna fall you Up in the challenge. I don snuff you. Huh? What was the challenge? I don't remember. Nigga called me out to fight outta nowhere, nigga. Oh yeah? Said yo, we caught niggas said, yo, Paul, hold up. Oh yeah nigga, you said you kicked out that Beon They Did deserve to get full Last year. Oh, stop. They thought I was recording myself. I believe that because the nigga they got, I was recorded for my future evidence. Avon and Santa got the audio. Nigga said, yeah, we go outside right now nigga. I can't believe Joe. Wow. Shocked me. Nigga. It was like this.


And then look at Imani. Oh, sometimes niggas gotta fight. Yeah, that's what always ball you nigga. You ain't promote Petes. That's not even what happened. But that's your, that's your version. He did say that sometimes niggas gotta go fight. Oh, I heard that. No, that ain't, that ain't what I'm talking about. Oh, I did. Listen. Hopefully y'all enjoyed this part man. Let's end with a bang. Oh, party is a, Hey. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Get outta here. That is not how I'm ending the fuck you talking about. Look at me all in my phone. Thought all in my phone. Dogs. So She ain Play with your phone like that when you, the niggas be texting you. Maybe not him no more.


Hey, I was sick. Imagine you live in LA with your boyfriend. Fucking go. Everything's going amazing. Run it up until he Says, babe, I wanna move back to Texas to be closer to my dad. So you give up half of your career, quit your improv troop and have a goodbye party. Improv troop. Bitches don't be doing shit. Two, pay for numbers and drive to Texas. Took your savings. Half of the Love of your life that wants a future with you because he said so. So you drive and then another month moving in and building furniture and stuff and you're so happy.


The guitar. Let's go. A family vacation Sits on your couch, which around in the hands. You Wish you got the little double in there. Yeah. Yeah. She killed the harmonies. The harms is killing. Thank you. Common. Your, And then you drive to Florida to live with You.


Your mom jam about to give up 10 million now without The Nigga say shit, why would he do that to her? He just realized ain't had nothing in common. No, but do it and don't do it when we move. Well, that's when he learned. That's when I caught it. You know what I mean? He didn't know back to Texas. They didn't know. Fucked. Fucked.


You know what, I'll end, I'll end with this. On a recent pod we was talking about faking nuts. Oh, I saw shit like this just makes me think of faking cheating because that should be an easier way to get out than all of this. And you let her leave thinking that, oh my God, I have boundaries. I'm not gonna do this with you. You can't fucking just fake the cheat man. The long road trip she quit a job might not have. I broke, broke. That nigga didn't have her no money to go back to Texas. She quit her improv group and she, and she took half of her savings to move them to motherfuck Texas. In all the ways that I've broke, had a girl break up with me like tricked her into break it up with me.


I never thought Hannah No. Of the fake, the cheat. That's a good one. You're a devious mother. Fucking No, I did The cheat. Yeah, but fake it so that when a breakup happens, you can still sleep at night knowing that you did the right thing. But Nike and goodbye guys. Goodbye Queen.