
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. Clear your ugly ass throat. Come on, do that shit. Come on Ish. Let me get a mic check. Flip. He ain't got the mic. Lip balm. Don't give a fuck. Lip balm. The corners I need make, make sure get your corners.


I need some, I need some lip. Lemme get some of your joint. There you go. This you don't shed, I put my finger like this in it. Shit. Come on bro. Let me, yo, let me, can't, it's this not too bro. Shed with me. Share with him. Your lips look delicious. Yeah. You want his lips like yours. Your lips Look d lip with this. Your lips looking ill right now. Give him some of your lip. B yo. What are you doing? You niggas is ugly as hell. Who? Ugly Boy. You just started looking nigga ugly as hell. He just started looking. What? Yeah, It is all nice. He just started looking cute. He a type now he just started looking cute. He ain't my poor. I don't got no type man.


So how y'all doing? We good? How you doing? We good? Great man. Let's see you act now, nigga. Big us up now, boy. Big us up now. Champ. Big us up. Boy. The team, team, the team. Hold up. The team is here. Wait, this is the greatest team in the world. This is the squad right here. Do it now. Announcer. Go ahead. Huh? Joe. Buffer. Do it. Suck ass nigga up. What are you talking about? Do it now nigga. The team wants the greatest team in the world. Do it. Let's go. Ready to go. This is the greatest team in the world. Announce it. One go. I'm with the greatest team in the world. Why? Nah. Nah. You ain't Nah. Do it like you had. I had no sauce. I had no sauce. Yes.


Come on. But I mean, there, let me get into my, start my rhythm. Lemme find a groove. What are you talking about? I don't even know who he is talking about. I know what he, I know what he's talking about. Tell the audience. Okay, so he's saying that because Mark Lamont Hill is not here. You're not going to big us up. Flip QueenzFlip. That's your bag. And shout out to Mark Lamont Hill and shout to our brother Mark Lamont. But that's what he does. Oh this, he look over there. Oh, this is the greatest team is team right here. This is squad, this team right here. Ooh. Now you just started talking regularly. Hey, what y'all did? Nah nigga give us the greatest team announcement, nigga. All right. We this the greatest team on Earth. Hey, come on, come on.


Put a gun to us head. You get crazy. You think I'm gonna treat you different because Mark's not here man. Mark could be here three. Oh shit. The way, the way you be acting, y'all ain't gonna lie. You sell ass for class nigga. What? When it come to a nigga, I, I'm watching you. When a nigga in a different class to you, in your mind you sell ass nigga. Oh my. Hey, you want to go? Oh, okay. Let's rush. Fuck out. Cool man. I don wanna go. Where? What you talking fuck out here nigga. I been watching you. Boy. I want your ass boy today. You better get that same treatment, nigga. We was just getting along great before we started. And I, and I'm a traitor. I waited, I baited you in with kindness. I just to kick your back in, I'm with 'em.


The mic. That was the trap. Well just know me and you are And we don't talk about contracts. No, we don't. We don't. Let's leave it. Don't talk about contracts. Let's respect the audience. They don't. And you are about seven contracts. And ain't no one contract nigga could take the place of you and my heart. Boy, are you crazy? Why? Why did you say seven and you about seven contracts in? Are you stop. Mark just got here in October. You think ain't no new nigga could take the place you and my heart. Are you crazy? You know how much more shit Mark would have to do for that to happen? That could never happen. Don't you ever think that I love you. Aw, I love you. You mean a lot to me.


And the business wouldn't stand the way it does without your contributions these last few years. Aww, I said that. Say this is Mark is just a additive. Say that at three o'clock. Marcus. Just attitude. Say it at four 30. I can't wait. I can't wait. Say it. I wouldn't be here, but say it nigga. Oh yeah. You know you're gonna be here. Yeah. Look, See that? Why? That's why this team is just alright. Oh shit. Oh shit. That's why this just the I team. Damn. But you know, Wednesday's the main so as hell. Look, you hit your man crazy. Oh shit. That was a true maniacal last.


Yo, shout to Mark. Shout to our sister Mel here with us. The spirit. Yes. Serious. For sure. Let's have a good time. Let's have a good time today. Yeah. Who's ready to have a good time? We all, we are. I'm ready. I'm ready. We ready man? I'm ready. Alright. Great. Who's ready to tell the truth to their, to their audience? Yeah, it's me. No, we got some truth to tell today. All right, enough. The fellows. Have we we taking a stand? Oh shit. A stand. That's the theme today. Yeah, the fells take the stand. Normally before a stand. I want a pre-production meeting. See how far Steve, yo, where exactly are we standing? Where are your stand? How tall are we standing? Can we a little bit. How many toll down we get done here with this stand? Hey, who all gonna be at the stand here going?


I don't fuck with him. I gotta stand down. Y'all may have to stand without me on this one. Oh man. Let's a little bit of Mary get this weekend started, right? This is good fellas. Take a stand. Music. Come on. Now is flip in the house reminiscing when he could just walk around talking the phone to who I be. I'm gonna let him tell us about it. Man. That's my man right there.


I mean everybody up cleaning the house right now. Microphone. Shake, mic Check. One, two, one, two. Y'all know who It is. 10 years. 10 years in count. Best in the world. Best crew in the world. Six days of rain in New York. You know what I mean? Yes sir. You know, that's my bag. Shout wherever you might be listening from Big Jersey. Always, always New York City. Even outside of New York City, all that Westchester, new Rochelle. Niggas that bitches up there. It wasn't just Eric Adams here. Go, Hey, I Know that We been Here.


You know what I mean? Shout to the parents out there. Shout to the fans. Couldn't have done it without y'all. The first and the last time. Listeners. Hey, all the teachers out there, the executive, the nine to five is the entrepreneurs out there. All asur, all asur school. Almost over depending on where you goes. Way the love we come on. They was too young out there. 40 up, 40 up right now. Shout the out there. All the out.


Shout to the whole J. Yes Sir. All the happy relationships out there. All the happy couples out there. Everybody stepping in. The name of Love It.


Everybody Right at the precipice of a breakup, man. Our heart is with you. But summertime It is coming man. It's getting hot a thousand times. We've been through this. God, We good show. Great show lined up for y'all today.


Oh wow. Tear me up in the headphones. We in this piece. Keep the applause going for the best crew in the universe. Come on. Stop playing with him. Next man. Up. Next man up. Yeah. What's Flip, flip, flip, flip. What's up man? Chilling. What up, up, up, up. I'm you keep looking at me a certain way nigga. I don't slide you today. Stop.


Stop playing. We friends nigga Lion hard nigga. I fly. Niggas name Lion hard. Lion hard Niggas is right there. The comments slide. Niggas lion, hard lion. This is 8 32. 8 22. 8 22. Little hard. Welcome to yeah. Mad anxious. Welcome to episode. We'll get there. 22 of the Joe button podcast brought to you by a few by power. By prize. Pit prize gang. You I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, happy to be here. Host Joe. Buddy. What is this? What? Sesame Street? My introduc. Hey Joe, buddy. It is that. It is crazy.


Yo. What? Yeah man. Do your introductions man. Y'all ain't gonna fire introduction nigga. Lemme try to hand myself up. That wasn't fire. That's just bitch. Alright, now introduce yourself nigga. Hey yo. Yo. You know who I am man. Queen Phil. I'm in the building. JBP flipped that. They called me outside but JBP Flip. Nah, stop. Nah, but it's from Queens, you know, salute. I'm here. I'm in the building. I feel good. I feel great. Shout out to my sister and my brother that's not here today. You know what I'm saying? To my right. We got the one and only. Huh? Library back in effect. Niggas redemption is at hand. Viral library. Viral library. Nigga.


Redemption is redemption. Future for the redemption nigga. You think that nigga play. You know, you know the fuck you talking to nigga. The light-skinned nigga. A redemption. Big redemption. That was Simon. Simon had his why? His man Simon had his hands full. Yo. Stop. Oh shit Simon. He's still going leave that Simon ain't slick. Fucking Simon. Oh shit. Yeah. Are you doing it? Yeah. To his right. My man. The one and only freezy of the free man. Huh? Mr. Take it further himself. Mr.


Take further. I could expound. Hey Expound. I could expound. Big Expound on everything. Expound for. We good nigga, Mr. Mr. She ain't going nowhere at all. You can't even go outside nigga. You wanna go walk the door. We don't got a dog put into the calendar so I can take it off the calendar. Everywhere I go she go everywhere. Go.


Hey you better be on when I get on too dinner on the table to his right Myron As Yeah you go the girl trip. Chaperone. Yeah, I'm here. Hell no. Shit. My finest the one and only Pickety. Pickety popping up man. What's popping Upstate? What's good? Good. Queens. What's good? Yeah, finish up man. We got poll here. Yeah. Corey here. Corey here. Trey here. SaveOn remote. We are here. We are here. Give it up for yourself then let's go. Give it up for yourself. Hold on. Ericson in the back. Paul. Me Paul. Me? Yeah. Big E. I playing with him.


How's everybody doing man? What's up? How's everybody feeling? What's popping? What's popping? What's popping? Feeling great. What's popping? Feeling great. 80 degrees. Feeling good? Yeah. 80 degrees today. I was out in the yard all weekend. All well all week. Week? Yeah. What you was doing in the yard? Getting, getting ready for spring. Man. Don act like the course furniture riding. Don't use the yard. Gotta get the landscape right. You? Yeah, but don't Oh, so you would landscaping? Yeah. Oh, okay. Don't say that. Summarizing. Yeah, summarizing. Yeah. Like winterizing. But yeah, I'm saying. Okay, I'm with you. I'm with you. Okay. Make sure 'cause niggas said they in the yard. They usually, oh nah, I wasn't in jail though. Okay. All right. Alright. I was not How everybody's week? Yeah man, my week is crazy man. My my damn wife. Sorry. Oh shit.


My wife, my wife took the week early. My wife took the week of unbeknownst to me. When did you find out? She ain't put on the calendar that night? Nah, like I found out. So when I first found out I, I usually do my morning phone routine. 'cause at night I'd be on spaces all day. So I get on the phone in the morning just to check things, check the temperature, do flip the network thing. So I'm walking around the phone, the room, nobody's there but I go to the stairs and then I hear family madness playing. I'm like who the F? So I had to Hello? Hold on, hold on real quick. I pressed mute. Call You right back Keisha. I go downstairs. I see my wife. This what you doing? Just Chilling. All right, cool. I Think you lying get this. I swear. I think you're about to rub one out and then she walked and the Coffee.


Nah, nah, nah. No not rub because no, when I, if I want to do that, gonna in the shower nigga and turn the water on nigga. 'cause she can't catch me. But I did that. Cool. That's the Monday. Now the Tuesday I get up, I get a phone call Wake. Oh shit, I wanna have this call. I turned to my left. She right there up too with the headphones on looking because she wear headphones. I be talking that night looking fucked up. My whole funk sway yo. I'm like damn. I'm happy that she's home. I'm happy. So what you do with the phone call? It was, it was a FaceTime. Yeah. I didn't ask her. Didn didn't answer that nigga. You my wife, you don't get no answer. FaceTime answer then. Then to do the little ring ring after the text after ring. Like, oh you good? Yeah, I'm all right then.


I kind of was mad at her 'cause like now you home like I haven't had breakfast in years. Like make some breakfast yo. Oh shit. Like make some pancakes. She, she looked at me. Do you that at all. Damn. So she was home and took off. She just doing what she want and I don't like that. I'm uncomfortable. My wife works at a school so I get this like periodically but it'll sneak up on me. I had that shit week spring break? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mid, mid spring break. There's a bunch of them shits now. Here he go look why I didn it make pancakes. I'm just asking for what nigga. It's not, his job was Hungry. His wife right there. He was hungry. Yeah. My wife is. All right, hold on. Like now I'm gonna keep a rip. Shout out to y'all for following society norms today. But nigga I don't do that.


I still believe. Yeah, We still believe in The old school shit. Boy. I believe it. Grandpa Tim and them niggas. I believe in coming home with the fool. Ready. Why she don't play? She didn't give a fuck I wanted, I told her okay, I get a pancake because when she did make last time, she made breakfast for me. I'm sure it's Delicious. All I, it was amazing. But I came And I said, and said I touched it. Oh this is cold. She got offended that I say said that like, because she started asking me, okay, so how do I cook it at the same time to keep everything at the same tempera dish. But that was, and I'm answering like an idiot. But she's being sarcastic. Yeah, I had to have that talk before too. Yeah. Like it's cold. That's a pet peeve for mine. A cold. And I'm not insulting you, it's, I'm just saying to my warm food, your dog.


I get it. You made this a little Earlier though. And I appreciate that. But Warm that Back up. We have the warmer, we have to ugly, You Know what I mean? You've been over there for a while and that's peace. But what the fuck do that have to do when me getting a hot plate? And then they say the thing they flipped it say, oh, Muhammad supposed to hear that back microwave convection oven. But they do it at the Or what's the other shit? Air fry the food warmer. Yeah, but how they do it at the restaurants, Paul? That's what I was telling. I wasn't insulting her. I was just explaining. They put it under the lamp. The lip? Yeah, they got the lip. They Restaurants got mad stove. So they could be cooking pancakes right here. Sausage right here. Egg cake. Like we wouldn't have married y'all if y'all couldn't keep a fucking plate warm is what he said.


Right. Like if y'all well go ahead. I, no, I wouldn't marry her but, oh, I told her that when you making the bacon and saucers. I said that you gotta time it and then you put the pancakes. She she got tight. Like she got tight and I just was talking to her. I thought I was vibing. But never again niggas, that's when you gotta bring up the financial, financial abuse, financial, Hey, did I ever hand you cold money? The money ain't cold. Right. Make sure the food ain't cold. Money flay nigga. What you talking about? What? Yeah. What's up? You get hot place Ish. Your place be hot or you don't care? Like Well, I need to know. I don't like hot food, but Ooh. And I cook breakfast better than my girl.


Oh yeah. So I make the breakfast allegations. Alright, so when, so when you, you don't like hot food? So when you make the breakfast, does she, I don't like hot food. How do you like your food room? Food. Not water. Oh, he likes his food. We just talking. He like room temperature. Wait, what are you saying? Like all food. I like, like spaghetti. Like I wish you, I like, I be thinking of shit that I don't like hot food. I'm okay with steak. You want a steak room temp? I don't eat steak. Got, I don't like hot food. He let that just sit, let it sit for a while, girl. That's too hot. Take that back. Fried chicken. So when they finish cooking the food, they just leave it in the room for a little bit. He let it sit. I want the fridge, borderline room temperature food. How does it get that way? I'm asking when they cook it, it it sits cools off nigga. Yeah, it sits.


You ain't never had a fuck he let the food sit Joe. This nigga's from the par partridge family. I don't know what he doing. Room temperature food my nigga. You can't enjoy hot food. What? Yeah, certainly. You certainly can. Some people do though. It is some people all I you, I'm, I'm cool with cool cooler food, but I don't necessarily don't. Do you eat, do you, do you eat what you, what about spicy food? You eat spicy food from temperature or you don't eat spicy food? Yeah, I eat spicy food. I'm talking about the temperature of the food. You can't really, I can't enjoy it when it's too hot. Yeah. That tongue is for nothing. You gotta waste of a big car wash tongue this nigga, you know, like dogs got the tongue where they could taste all the flavors.


You got that shit and just, but that's why, that's why you can't taste the flavor in the food if it's room temperature. No. Yes you can not. Your food trash you. So would you eat, would you eat food out the fridge? So some people like do that can eat cold food. So you eat that too? Yeah. Cold chicken is a shit. Chicken pizza. Yeah. Yeah. So you eat it cold. I could God that niggas, I, I don't Chinese food because my mom like real hot food, Chinese food. My mom be hot food. I'm just thinking of things that should be hot. Should be hot. Do you? I'm just asking. Yeah, I don't You eat Chinese food. I don't really like hot food. But you enjoy, you got it big. You got you like cold food, big dogs. Alright, let's start this thing with local marketing genius moves.


Yeah. Okay. That's what we will start with. There is a bar in Jersey City on Tunnely Ave. Is that what It is? Legendary bar. It's a bar. Yeah. Yeah. It's classified as a restaurant. I never been inside. It's a, it's a restaurant. It's a bar. It's it's a bar. It's a restaurant but it's a bar. Niggas know that as a bar. It's a sports bar. It's ringside. Everybody in Jersey City knows ringside. Ringside is ringside is a thing. It is. And shout, shout out to Ringside to Mario all over there. Yeah. Shout out to Mario. Well I know about this because, let me just tell my experience 'cause I'm old and washed.


My son posted a picture or a story at Ringside. Okay. So I hit him and said, you a bird, you're at ringside again. And he says yes. And then he sends me a clip of two people fucking outside of ringside. Oh, excuse me. Because that's what he told me. He said, yo, everybody saw my ringside. You don't know what happened. I said, no, I don't know what happened. He said he sent me the clip. Yeah. So he sent me a clip of a dude. Was this a side chick? It was a, it was a chick. It was a chick. No, a chick humping a dude in the car. And the boyfriend and her boyfriend walked up on the car. Yeah.


And they were parked right outside the door. Ringside right front the door. Like not around the corner. Right in front of the door. So it was a big thing 'cause somebody was recording like you got caught fucking in the car. He is like, yo, the dude going off like yo, the dick's still inside you. Someone was recording? Yes, he was recording. Recording. He was recording. The dude confronting his girl. Oh, okay. That he caught fucking the car. I thought they were recording the fucking and they were still fucking, and they were still fucking, when he opened the door, he caught them actually fucking, they was fucking, fucking, Oh yeah. Well let me finish my shit. First and foremost, they didn't stop. Yeah. All right. See I didn't think that that was the boyfriend at first just 'cause of how he was talking with a phone recording.


Like if you caught your girl door. No, no, no. The one with the phone was a, was like his man or something? Yeah, the boyfriend was at the car. The boyfriend was at the car. That's who I'm talking about. Okay. He didn't look like he was moving in a way that told me he was angry. Like he should have been angry at this. He was hurt this girl or maybe or the other nigga looked in the car, looked like he might have had the nigga was hurt or she does this. Nah, nah, it wasn't that. It wasn't that. He was a little emotional. He, the other nigga might look like stop playing with me either way. So they was fucking in a white Kia in front of ringside. And now Ringside has a drink called White Kia. Oh no. On the menu. And it's a, It is a sangria but it went crazy. It's a closing drink and everybody is running over there to get to get the white Kia.


The white Kia. Oh shit. That's funny. So I was happy to see it for ringside. That is funny. I like, I'm not gonna lie, that's, I just like unorthodox marketing like that. I smart capitalize off of it like marketing there. I didn't know that was ringside with a me when I first saw the clip, I didn't realize it. And then I'm, I'm seeing ringside posted and I'm like, wait, that happened there. Yo, you gotta be a different type of motherfucker for the people all over the world. They don't know what that is. My nigga. It is like fucking at Walmart down south in the front door. No, no, no. We know some of the stories that come along with ringside though. That part too. That's why I was like, yo, you bold doing that right there.


What? What? Yes. That person's bold for doing that right there in the nineties. A lot of us that went to ringside did stuff like that right there in front. Was that? Yes. That little block over there. I 100% fuck in that Dunking Donuts in the car crew across the street from me. That's down. I'm just saying that's not in front of, niggas have been in ringside and been like, yo, I'm about to pop this right outside of here. Yeah. Niggas have done that bunch of places now. I didn't know that that was still happening. Dog. I'm saying Walmart parking lot, you could fuck over there in the corner. Right. You not fucking in front of the door. Oh okay. They are in front of the door fam.


Like my man could touch the building in The handicap parking. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Like right. Yes. Right talking they were right in like you're bugging. We tried to hide it a little bit. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. We'll go down the block. We tried to hide it baby. And what did I say about, and this is back when I was uncivilized, but that could, what? She could've been fired. The nigga, he couldn't hope he couldn't help herself. She clearly was fired, couldn't help herself. Had to be right now that she got that chacha, that nigga voice was crackling and everything. Like about my cinnamon apple. How you, how you, how you could just do that though? In the front seat? The back seat. He went from the passenger side, went around the car to the driver's side.


He was talking to the driver's side seat. I they like we couldn't see where they was. Fuck us. It was mad tense. Gotcha. But he started off crying on the passenger side. Walked around the car. He wasn't crying enough for me. He what did you expect He wasn't nigga to fuck something up. Right. And why are you crying? You said why are you crying? You sn boy are you snuffing homie Mid because it's not his fault. You don't, if you don't know him It is hard. The ring side. I know from back in the day he would've been shot in the head that that was my, that's my point. I ain't wanna say that. It is bad. That's what I was saying though. The ring side. I know bad. I hear they've cleaned things up so I don't even want to put that in the universe.


But you couldn't play like that back nigga. You would die couple. Yeah. It would've been bad back in the day. Yeah, it would've been bad. Yeah. So let me be happy for dude. Alright. So you said marketing, you said marketing genius. That's the marketing genius. That's it. The clip, the Kia got it, got it. They capitalize off of it calling it the white Kia. So now did, so now everybody's running the ringside to order a white Kia post. Including my bird ass son. Including he got paid. I'll be more Impressed if they were running over there to fuck in front of the building. Yo, Fuck that Kia nigga. I got a Jeep skip. Right. Like that's crazy. Niggas gotta go see what that white kid is. I ain't gonna hold you. I seen, seen what before Loco did to the hood. They probably putting some shit in there.


But anyway that's, that's, that's enough of my local news. I'm just shocked that this shit took off like this. Just shout the ringside shout. I Love it. Like I said, I love that for them for some local shit that and shout out to the local bars in y'all city that get down with the get down where it's a culture over there and you kind of, You know what I mean? Yeah. Shout I say everybody ringside buckets and such niggas know what It is such. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. I seen niggas, when niggas get that that horny I seen niggas fuck outside and behind dumpsters. Niggas gonna get it. Niggas huh? Yes niggas, I've never done that. Okay. Just so we clear. No fix your face bro. Nah do you start a dumpster, let's not get crazy.


I wasn't that uncivilized But outside though. Yeah. I wanna make sure we front gazebo Front of the masses. Zebo. Sometimes you don't need a spot. I'm into that sometimes it's in the spot. A dumpster. Fuck. Nah, it's too far. It's too far. No I'm not doing that. That's, I'm not, I'm not doing that. No. Hey restaurants be having all types of maggots and shit. I'm good. We're not doing no dumpster. Yeah, no dumpster business. But the patio or the bathroom? The Bathroom. Well the dumpster just blocks maybe A little basement storage room if you can, you know what I mean? The upstairs. Wait, wait, hold on. Some spots got 'em. Okay. The dumpster is uncivilized. Yes, yes but yes. Flip but no, no, no.


I'm agreeing. But it does block you from being seen. No one's gonna check back there. You're right back. Exactly. You get a lot of shit off. You bust that back door. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. Okay. We're not beating the allegations as a whole dude. Well we're not trying to be the allegations. We are actually trying to, we are actually trying to confirm them. The little hook part where, where the arms put your leg right there. Yeah you, you bus that back door. You can stand up Nigga freeze. You gotta your foot up the acting to the karate kid with the karate s that dumpsters can fire boy. What the fuck they talking about? You lift the black shit up and hold it up.


Hold the dumpsters holding itself up. No that's Why's Crazy shit. All dumpster disgusting. I don dunno what the fuck. It's nasty. It stinks. But y'all did that before No done. I, me personally I haven't but I've heard stories. Whew. Man y'all I heard stories niggas them big ass tall dumpsters my nigga they bad big. You pull your car up right? This? Yes. And and I I've heard niggas getting right, right behind it getting out. Like I heard it. Yeah, it's not, it's not fun. But did it sound like enticing? Nothing about that? No. No. When you heard the story was you like, oh Wait, Wait till I get my turn nigga, when the horny hits you, you ain't thinking about what enticing I'm trying to get in that.


No. And if that shit is fire, the last thing on your mind is that mouse running over. Fuck we talk What girl, don't worry about that mouse. Yo Girl. That ain't no you got rats at home girl. Act like you seen that before. Fuck you talking about. Right. Okay. Jordan Hudson, bill Belichick's girlfriend that we, everybody's fussing about the news is reporting that she has amassed a real estate portfolio worth $8 million only 18 months after her and Bill got together. Mm. And how old is she? 24. 24 I think. Or 26 some somewhere in there. Something like that.


Yeah. So you, so is she the sugar mama including two? She's not even got no Y'all don't know that That's still Joe. She's not the sugar mama. She ain't the sugar mama in that. Yes she's not. Whoa, she's not still that's sugar free. But we don't, you don't know that she's sugar free. That's an assumption compared to to him with him. She for Tam. You don't know. You don't know. You don't know where she come from. We Oh no, no. She nothing about this girl. That's all we know is what we are seeing. I don wanna sleep and we and we assuming that she, because she's young and he's rich that it's a money grab because that's the typical thing. Shorty might got her own Spanky. I, I salute that. A lot of reports are coming out.


I alute that about, about shorty op. I salute that. Not that I know what's real and what's not. 'cause I don't, don't take me as a fucking, as a rock solid taurist for anything. Well they saying that shorty Bill might have been you want that 30 unit ain't about nothing. Listen, I'm not mad. Even if he did that, I'm not mad. Y'all think he's getting rocked to sleep? No, no. I didn't say I think he's a willing participant. I don't know. I don't got enough information to know if he getting big nigga that 24-year-old is ticking that nigga up and through there making him feel as he's never felt before or has he haven't felt in a long time of the two of the houses she purchased in one day.


Swag. That's swag. I'm you gotta remember like now that's not uncommon like that. You, you Joe wait, you a football coach, you around testosterone or, but he was around still testosterone, crazy people and all that shit. Nigga aggression, you know what I'm saying? Yo. When Bill Belichick divorced? When did he get divorced? Good question. I don't think that question should, should have been asked in the answer long ago. Even if your wife rode the wave with you nigga she had to deal with the tough shit you had to deal with. Nigga you, you tough, you, you aggressive nigga. This young girl came along and probably they divorced in oh six. Fucking licking his after 29 years of marriage lick at his knee caps nigga shit that he ever felt in a long time. Nigga of course you gonna give her everything and he wants to feel that way again.


Alright. Actually I could find a way for that to support what I'm, what I'm saying a little bit actually the oh six they divorced when oh six After 29 years. After 29 years. And kids, that's a long time. That's a long time. Those can't call me. They they they doing it different now bro. Yeah the girls man, girls act like you don't hear what I'm saying. Stop doing that. Tell me the girls is doing it different bro. I said it four times yo. What you doing later? All right I'm gonna stop by. They stop by. They got somebody else with him? Yeah she's showing him shit that he haven't seen. Nigga his wife Ethel wasn't doing that nigga Ethel was just Margaret. Margaret wasn't doing that. Making dinner helping you, nigga helping you with the Ethel wasn't doing that.


Margaret was making sure coming bed with that No was making sure was hot. Making sure that thing hot. Yeah man with a sheet around her like it some bullshit and a bombing. Yeah. Slide over John. Whatcha talking about Fuck outta here Margaret. She wasn't doing that nigga. What this girl doing, y'all niggas and all she wanted is some money. That's it. If it, but I'm just saying but let's just say she do. Yes he got it. They do fair trade. Ain't no robbery dog. That that's what I'm fair, fair trade ain robbery. I don't think he getting rock to sleep at all. He getting rock. This girl is getting a bad rap now. Who says that all she wants is money? That's what I said. Yeah, I'm No, no, no, no. He, I used to say if if case that's what it was like. 'cause everybody's making a big deal about her portfolio.


So what? Well no there's also if he's cool enough to say hey yo, that's what you want. You want that? Like you said you want that building, I'm gonna keep, that ain't about nothing. I don't think 8 million is nothing for Bill but I'm gonna keep it a buck with you. I think that true but it also don't say that she spent his money to do that. But in real estate, let's say you don't have to spend million dollars to get $8 million worth of real estate's. What I saying that's one of the misconceptions. He might have gave her 800 grand and her portfolio is worth $8 million. Yes. Or she might have bought it on own or she could have bought it on her own. Right. Yeah, but she you get what I'm saying like yo, I don't just 'cause your real estate portfolio is worth x. That don't mean you spent X on it.


Yeah but still it means to change my shit to X. Right. Oh I'm hit the button. Hit the button. Go ahead, hit the button. Update shit. No it ain't and I ain't see it yet. Do it again. There we go. So what do the people report? And I think that's fly. What's I think, and this is my personal opinion, I think that from a man's perspective, when you fuck with a chick, even if she getting you for your bread, but she puts that bread to use, I think that's fire. As opposed to going, buying shopping bags and cars and stupid shit. If shorty gets some money and she turning that money into other money, I think that shit is dope. She turned that shit into assets. There are reports that if that's the case, she is acting as not only Bill's love interest but his caretaker slash publicist slash just whatever he needs her to be.


Salute that, earning that shit. Hey you know what that is playing your, you know what that is A partner? Yeah. Nigga a real one. That's the shit nigga. She she's the shit, she's the premium. Fuck that shit freeze. She's the premium package nigga. That's a real, I see something with everything. That's all that is bro. There's a rumor that hard knocks playing some shit with UNC that she kind of jumped in and put the, put the nicks on that because again, bill don't really do the media shit like that too, too tough. So he might not be, they might, they might catch him slipping and shorty younger and the young they know the game so ah, no, no, no, no, no. I know what they're trying to do with you and let me every 24, that's not a good look for you. This gonna sound nasty but I'm just so don't say it. No, I'm just prefacing it.


Us at 24 might not have been another dude at 24 years old. Mm. It is levels of maturity depending on what your, your, your, your walk of life has been. So she just might be a little more advanced 24-year-old that's like no you're not taking advantage of my dude. You know what I'm saying? Playing game the same way she jumped in on that interview. Right. Everybody wouldn't have jumped 34-year-old, would wouldn't have jumped in on an interview with that much vigor. The, I don't think there was absolutely nothing wrong with her doing that at all. So we No, I'm saying but a lot of people wouldn't have came to his defense as quickly and as aggressively as she did. She's like, nah, nah, nah we not doing that bro. The same way. People making a joke about Shannon Sharp needs somebody young to around like to, to teach him how to use the phone and yo don't do this.


Like he's making old person social media mistakes. She could be that for him in terms of all of this other shit. Like I'll help you navigate this world that you're not used to. I got you. 'cause they, they trying to catch you slipping anyway so like that question be true. She sees the what that question really meant and what was gonna do I see the play. No, we not doing that. I'm protecting you dog. I got you pulled here. She protected her investment bro. And she could be invested too. He got divorced what year? Oh 4 0 6. Oh 6 0 6 got divorced in oh six. Led a dynasty for however many years after that. Two fucking many. And then you look up and you 69 70 however he is.


I know my dad keep talking about, oh there's more years behind me than in front of me. I just gotta live my life. I know, I know what that is. He's 73. It's code for a dad. Just gotta live my life. See at 73 you start to feeling like you just gotta live your life and in living your life that might involve, well hot little 24-year-old, there's a lot. I can't picture that for me. At 70 bro, there's a lot of old white millionaires, billionaires with young 24, 25 year olds and their portfolios and all that stuff has seen the influx. So like it happens nigga, I just saw some old ass white billionaire in a wheelchair with some fire joint nigga said, she said I love him and I kind of believed that a little bit 'cause I just fell as I got mesmerized.


But yeah, nigga, them old niggas get it nigga. Yeah man, if I'm 70 with a few hundred million and I see something nice like all right come sit here for the rest of my life. Rest in peace said Nicole Smith. I was just about the words on my mouth. Yeah, that's the pan And Nicole Smith, the old nigga in, in the wheelchair. Yeah. Embody that shit. What I would pay her to sit by me until I die right here. I would And he put a lot of shit in her, in her name. I think so. Yeah, he did. Hopefully my wife would understand. Yep. So you gonna keep your wife and the caretaker. If I'm dying and my, and I'm with my wife, I have a, a list of requests that I don't feel like she should be able to stop. I'm on my last leg here.


Okay. So and the list would be like, yo, please let me know just a few things off the I need, I need, I need to join list. Just gimme three. Well I didn't think didn didn't ever think about that. Say you're gonna have that nigga if I see Ann and Nicole Smith rest in peace, respect or you know what I'm saying? At 70, 75 years old not to sound like a complete heathen. Is she 35? And I and my time is limited. I'm gonna have told my wife yo, I want to pay her to sit in the rocking chair in our den until I kick the bucket. Make pancakes. Yeah. And I don't feel like she's giving a hard time about either and warm, warm 'em up too. Especially if I make sure them eggs is nice. Especially if I still got 200 million or 70 years old.


Oh yeah. You going body it boy you financial abuse 200. I'm shooting high if I'm 70. Yo, what you say with 50,000,200 is shooting high? Yeah, there you go. Yeah, if I have $50 million at 70 years old, I'm gonna want to go out like a rockstar. Mm You are. I don. For me, I don't know if that involves the 24 year olds just to make it clear, but again there's a lot of space between 45 and 70. So we'll see things to change. Yo, you take your ass in the bedroom and shut up Margaret. Yeah, let little you and ya bon let fuck in there. Let Stacey sit here because if I'm 70 my girl is 66 or something like that.


Yeah, You right behind me. I can afford her a young buck too if that's what she wants. Yeah, but not in the crib in the shed. Yeah. Yeah. Behind the Dumpster. There you go. Crib. And I gotta pay for her nigga too. Yeah, yeah. Why not? Nah, she, oh if I got she should go it outta her allowance. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. Do it outta your allowance. Where'd she get the allowance from? Well what she do with the money is up to her. I said where she get it from? Oh she getting it from So you paying for a nigga? Yeah, but not directly like yo dog. Yeah. You know what's so crazy real quick, real quick that you said allowance right? One of my homegirls was saying that the allowance that she got, she bought her man a gift. I said nigga that's not your money, that's his money.


That's not true. Huh? I disagree. That's not her money. That's his money bro. You bought him a gift with his money nigga. That's not true. That's not true because she could, she could've did anything with the money. It don't matter nigga go out there and get it nigga go to McDonald's, burger King, go somewhere and get your own money. Don't take that allowance I'm giving you about me. Which is cool. I'm just saying that was the argument that I was having was the gift. Dope. You're wrong. It was fire. Yeah, I disagree but it's not, It is. That's what I'm saying, the gift that the guy that's given an allowance is gonna want, she should spend some of the allowance on that. It's probably a nice I see what you saying. He wants saying. Yeah but the gift he probably really wants and will make him excited. She probably is not getting that from the Wendy's money.


Yeah, but you can't, you can't brag and say you can't and say, yo, I buy my nigga something. I you can't. It is not the only nigga I got money like that. It could be a meaningful, thoughtful gift. Yeah. That turns him more and more than an expensive gift. Yo, that that, that's some cliche shit that we should bury. What I disagree. Meaningful, thoughtful gift. I totally disagree. Meaningful and thoughtful runs out. No it could be a meaningful, meaningful, thoughtful runs out a thoughtful nigga hold more weight, other shit. That's all I'm saying. I got it. Save that for Hallmark and the fairytales. I'm telling you in real life you probably got four meaningful, thoughtful gifts before your girl or wife runs outta that. Every year James is coming up with something meaningful and thoughtful but the action nigga you not that meaningful and ain meaningful grams the action could be meaningful.


You find me? Gimme six things that's meaningful. Gimme six things that could be a meaningful gift. So for a rich nigga hold on. Wait, wait. Here go. No for a dude that got it all like you saying I'm gonna use your example. Yeah. Gimme six meaningful gifts. Gimme six things that a nigga that's rich gonna answer my question with a question. Y'all are the ones dying a letter. Important thought. Guess one for sure. A written letter. Yeah but that even that should be a part of something. You're not coming to that nigga handing in my envelope talking about playing Aaliyah four page letter. No you're not. Why not? Why not? We got, we all got, we got everything. This gonna be your last gift my nigga. So small. This will be your last gift gift. If you come hand that nigga a letter, this will be your last gift giving event. That's a stupid ass up Joe. You Hey listen. Listen buddy. A letter gonna do for you if Sade wrote you or not.


You have a lot of things. She's written me a letter and accompanied it with something else that might have been thoughtful. You not just handing nobody a fucking letter nigga you just save that shit for all that. All that mushy face shit you just said how meaningful it was. They still ain't answer my question. No, I'm about to tell you. I said gimme five to six meaningful and thoughtful gifts. It is very difficult to give a letter bringing family together. Some people bring family together. Surprising me with some of my family I haven't seen in a long time coming together. That's two. What else is a meaningful gift nigga? Something your girl could surprise you with some food. Your girl could surprise you with something. Y'all went on a vacation and she saw something that you liked and it coulda cost $14 a and you forgot all about it. But the idea of meaningful True.


That's true. That's true. First all it It is different per person. Person. That true. That's fact. That's no that's facts. She could have got something more that's dismissive. She coulda got something more that's dismissive at the tour spot for $14 and came and gave it to her nigga with everything. And he'd been oh baby, that's so thoughtful. She could have blew apic enough of these fucking podcast lies. Not tell that shit to somebody. Fuck. Nah. Enough of y'all. Enough a nigga. That's rich enough of you sound crazy. You really bugging. I asked YA question, I tried to answer the question. Niggas stepped on their answers no flip start answering talk about could bring the family together. I know, I know. That's whack. Gimme six. No. Yeah fam. Wait hold on.


If she, if I have different children and she, I seen women go out their way and bring all the children together to see their father and that was meaningful for a rich nigga. That's fly. It's not applicable. Applicable all across the board but it's fly. So I give that. That's too, I tried to tell you that that answer is not applicable across the board. 'cause thoughtfulness something that's thoughtful for me might not be the same. It won't affect Ish the same. It won't affect flip the same. It won't affect you the same. That goes to attention to sense. I know hip hop you gotta violin in the trunk. Wait, wait Hip hopin, that's that's hip hop that me coming in and playing a fucking violin. Show me that. You playing the fucking hip hop head. Right, right. Listen, listen, listen. Because didn didn't know you. I didn't know you could play the fucking violin. I don't care about the violence bro. You're a hip hop head.


You're a hip hop head. Yeah. So for your birth, yes. If she brings Eric being rock my house, I would love to finish speaking yo for your birthday. She goes and gets five albums that are personally signed to you by some hip hop niggas. It's thoughtful. I had to go find these niggas signature and talk to these niggas to get you a gift. That's some shit that's thoughtful. Some thought went into that gift for a rich nigga buying him some other shit. That's cost a lot of money. It is no thought in that. Okay so I got a autograph. Cool mo. Alright so I get a autograph for enemy. Oh shit. Oh shit. Slick. Really? Oh damn. I got another, I got another watch. I got another watch. Whoa. Here's a jewelry. What you fucking do? I got another watch where you found slick with girl you was in London.


Now watch your fuck. Watch your fucking mama. That's three. I got some Seedings. No that's cool. What else is there? What else is there? Thoughtful niggas. What else is there? Hold, hold on. Thoughtful ass niggas. He trying to downplay it nigga. He was just, no, I'm trying to prove my point. You just credit shy they for giving you a CI touch whatever the fuck you was talking about day, the process, how important it was to you, how fire it was nigga it wasn't the I don, I don't know the expense of that but you were just saying how dope and thoughtful that was that she gave you some fucking the five sense of shit. Five sense of shit she gave you. Yes. So don't conflate my point. I'm with thoughtful gifts. I'm telling y'all like I keep saying and y'all don't have an answer for I gave you three come five to six we're struggling.


Okay. That's what I keep trying to say. And y'all keep making it sound like yo, this question off the cuff is a different question. But if you got a year to think about something to do for your man that's rich that you buying him another expensive gift ain't going to hit home. It's like when niggas a nigga that's works a nine to five job and he gives a girl 15 grand that he saved up. That shit hits different than a nigga that makes a hundred million dollars giving you 15 grand. Says you that. Yeah that me. Nah that says me. I'm done talking to y'all. That's some shit that broke niggas made up to feel better about some shit. Really? Yes. This is where you going with this? Yes. Yes. Oh you crazy bro. Yeah please. With all that to God. And that $50 giving you 15 means more.


I don't want to hear that shit. Please. Yeah, you crazy bro. What else is thoughtful? What else is thoughtful? Yo, you sound crazy. I'm fine sounding crazy. Gimme more shit. That's thoughtful. It is tough. Thank you. It's tough. Thank you. No it not the Thank you. It is know where to fucking fine Slick rick nigga. Yes It is tough. Hey Joe. That's the point. It is. It takes some fucking asking niggas to come up with a thoughtful shit in 40 seconds. It's not. She just happened to find fucking redhead cake men outta nowhere. No some thought into it and figure out where the Fuck that was at. You got it Big dog. Yo sound absolutely crazy. You got it. You got niggas get on podcast mikes and just start lying about shit.


It is perfectly fine with me. Just know that that shit sounds, why does everything you disagree with gotta be a lie from niggas? Please answer that directly. Or any time you get stuck in some bullshit you say, oh I was lying. Listen, imagine. So when you doing the bullshit, it's okay to lie. Answer that. 'cause I'm tired of that. Every time we say something that we believe in, you say niggas as long, y'all don't say shit. Y'all believe I just told you something. Y'all say shit. That's good for your brands and who? Who talking to nigga? Nigga. I'm the nigga that stands on. I don't have a brand that stands me. Question. Yo. I didn yo up every yo, I'm lying for the po. You the one that say that niggas are worried about and your and I don have why y'all telling me about what's thoughtful?


'cause some niggas actually care about The thoughts. Hold on, get to six. I'm one of free. Get to six. I just told you we can't get to six. If you, if you were listen for a second, keep saying that. Push your mic away from you for a second. Thank you. What I'm trying to tell you is thoughtfulness takes time. No back up. Don't touch the mic. Thoughtfulness takes time. You asking niggas to come. I can't come up with six thought. Let's go freeze right now for my girl on the moment, on the fly right now. But if I took the time to put some thought into it, I could do it. That's what I'm telling you. The same thing for her. The same thing for your girl. That's five senses. Shit. She did. She didn't come up with that on the fly. She thought about that and said, you know what, this would be fire. I was fine. Thank you. This would be fire. Thank you for that baby. Don't do it again.


But that's unappreciative on you because you don't appreciate thought. Hey baby, this was super sweet. Wow. Your thing is she dont appreciate that. I can smell and feel and see. I'll snap you for right now Nigga. I'll You right now. We'll choke you for her. Hey, this was so thoughtful. Don't stop thinking. What the fuck? Don't think again. Okay. Or alternate the years that you think. Let ask you next year. Kill it without thought. Salute. So would You think it was a like say, say hold something for Harvey. You remember? That's not joke, that's not said, said.


I'm just, do you remember, hold on somebody who don't, that's not what nigga said though. Do you remember when ELL brought you the plaque? Right? And how thoughtful that was. Imagine if Sade happened to get in contact with him and have him bring you the plaque. Would that have bought tho if Sade got in contact with ll, he gonna be having a different conversation. Mama said, now let's talk about, I'm thinking about some shit now. Lemme tell you the type so she can get caught. My type of nigga I'm, she might have talked to some niggas in the past before that that made a song.


And then on her little Instagram, she get to pick a song and go pick a song from the nigga. Oh my God. How y'all feel about that? Wait, the what now what? Where y'all stand on that? You gotta run that back. I fast. If rims, if Rims X makes music? Yeah, let's say X from 20 years ago. Sure. Oh shit man. No. 20. Not 20. He X. Okay, carry on. Carry on. Not 20 though. Y Parks. Sure. I want to hear more. I want to hear more. He said a scratch in his back rim's ex from 10 years ago. What he did makes music fire too. Yeah, the slaps. Okay. He like the shit. Yeah. But carry, yeah, it might be pretty good mens, this is why I'm hot today.


No, tomorrow Rim posts a picture war story or real with his, with his bot behind it. Yes. Yes. This is why I'm hot. And she adds a song and it's him and it's his song. Yeah. I'm secure but I don Yeah. I don know. I don know. Yo, you What made you that one big dog outta your whole iTunes? That's what You right. Spotify. Look, it ain't even this new joint. It's just Slack from years ago. She and are you making her delete the post? How you know he got a new joint? That's why I don't fuck with do bitches. It worked two ways.


Work two ways. Oh, you being done for thoughtful. So shout, I didn get in contact with Onyx to them niggas, but not ll niggas like ll I have a Onyx autograph back the fuck up. You don't need, I'm good. I'm good before you ball and I'm talking shit right now. But my girl is a great gift giver. You've said that before too. But 10% of that I feel like It is. 'cause I've said to her enough thoughtfulness, that's the, like that first one she killed it got the kaleidoscope shit with me and Lex and it was like a, every time you twisted the thing that's fire.


She smoked that. That's when she thought that that would do something to me. See he don't respect thoughtfulness, I'm telling you. No, I do respect it. Just in the moment. But right after that it's going in the little, the the, the junk drawer nigga, the thoughtfulness drawer. Oh my God. They opened a junk drawer the other day. I seen all the little Father's day pictures that my son did in the school for me. Aw. I said aw. And he and I slammed the shit outta them. Like what? Do you want me to forget it? No. So you know what the thoughtful gift would be for your girl to get, get in that drawer. They make a thing where they take all of your school shit and they put it in his dope ass book. Book. Yeah. So somebody thinking about you, that's, that's something that you could carry on when you 50 because the people you have years old.


Everything my nigga. When a nigga got money, a money, another money gift don't mean shit. That's why the girls always ask what do you give the man that got everything? That's where that comes from. A watch that's I'm a little necklace. You can't say that. That's what I'm doing. You can't say that yo. Why keep saying niggas is hating on niggas with money. Everybody, money is relative. Y'all touched money my whole fucking life. So money don't do nothing for me. So I'm not hating on a nigga with money. I'm saying that for a nigga that has some money. A thoughtful gift matters to the man. You got other niggas up here that's saying it, but you might got more money than us. That don't mean your opinion weighs more. Well and I'm more thoughtful than y'all. So you said if we take money off the table, I'm more I'll kill y'all on the thoughtful give off based off what?


It is crazy when you base that off nigga. Have a thoughtful give off bro. Have a thoughtful give off here to give it to each other. I mean I've done that already. Wait, no, no, no. I have two. Wait, hold on the that's true. Ice is pretty cool. Ice he gave Parks is too, he gave you a thought. So really I'm shit, I don't mean to be shooting at ice in Parks right now. Shooting at me talking about y they they kind of, they've done, they've done it and they was thoughtful and but look, but Joe stay right there though. That's the point. Wait, wait. I was just bonding guys. Any you guys. No, I love y'all. It is a bad ain contradicting himself when parts gave you that giving that shit such a heart. You like oh shit.


No that was great. That was great. But that was, but to be fair, I keep saying get to six y'all dog Ice bought you some shit for your nose hairs and your hair. That was our hairs. The shit cost $30. No, that was fine. Y'all keep, y'all are not responding to my point. I'm a fan of thoughtful gifts. I'm saying that at six of them. I disagree. It's going to be a struggle. You gonna say I disagree that other shit disagree. I disagree. Y'all disagree Now after you bought all the cars and the cribs and the chains and the jewels and the fucking new lawn mowers or sheet rock, whatever you niggas be buying now. Y'all disagree? Y'all done bought all the five shit already. Now I disagree dog. You got a year to think about a gift to give me. True. True. You got a year to think about a gift to give me.


Don't nobody do that man. Everybody thinks yeah I'm done two weeks away, two months away, whatever. I don't listen to this though. Before the person that does have everything and you want to make an gotta think harder, you gotta think harder. Have y'all got y'all partners something that thought thoughtful a bunch of times? Yeah. And some of this shit be little shit that, my thing is with my gifts, I want, I don't want something that's gonna go in the drawer the next day. It is thoughtful and I want you to, I want it to be used a lot like so some indoor staying out. I put, I put my wife a Van Cleef nigga she put that shit in the drawer, nigga It is your girl. The, the jewelry tight or did you buy it for you not fucking with you because I see what y'all, that was funny.


What you say? It was funny. I can't anything he said indoor something. Go ahead. Flip. What would you say fan? Clean indoor. What park? No, something indoor. Please. What? Something she can use in the house. I heard. Alright, we heard you. I'm vacuum job. Hey this nigga idiot. Stop that. I'm finished. I'm letting the jokes go.


She likes gold. But I bought the Van Cleaver. She's like, man I'm not gonna wear this all the time. I'm not that type of person maybe works for me. So, which means that, that means, that means not for nothing. Don't take it no disrespect. That wasn't thoughtful. True. Got it. That's what we saying. You just bought some expensive shit that's popular out here. True. You bought it for your girl. Your girl. Not even the type of person that even that wouldn't see, like she got a lot of fucking jewelry on her hand. But it's that Caribbean. Yeah. Stuff other gold. The darker gold. Yeah. Yeah. She like that. That was good restraint by the way. Oh yeah. I gotta applaud you for that because I don't wanna disrespect because I don get in trouble a lot with that. But she plays right in the drawer. I'm like why isn't a drawer you could wear it? It is a drawer nigga in a closet. Holy shit. That was funny. That was funny.


It is my mistake. Funny. These are about nothing. Me. Yo. Y'all niggas not at all at all. Yo. You my man. You don't play when comes this shit, not even your money ain't, I don't give a fuck about your money nigga. I'm a man nigga. I do. Time girl, Portuguese nigga. She gonna fucking away from Portugal. Got the dirt from Portuguese. She got the sand from the beach and Brought it put in the gates. Nigga we walked on the stand to give her the first time. Motherfucker. Who the fuck you think you talking to Joe? I like where you go like that. It is Fuck that nigga Ish word. I like thoughtful shit. Yeah nigga. The first door, the first door I got my girl nigga. My first house I lived in, my girl purchased it for me. Nigga. With my brand nigga, I don't give a fuck nigga. That's thoughtful nigga. Yeah, It is your childhood home nigga. We, we lit, we live.


Fuck that nigga idiot. I try to go buy my childhood home too. That shit ain't work. She said how much you say now? I tried to go real estate though. Wasn't I went to, I went to Queens. I went to Love Ham. Well how much is that? Had that many childhood numbers here. All right. Yeah. Fuck that house. Just don't fuck about that shit. Yo. The floor still creaked back then. Nah, they cleaned it up too. I walked in there, I recorded the whole shit. It cleaned it up. You went in the house? I did. You asked the people can I come in? Nah, I grew up, it was broken and recorded. Swatting Jr Jr. My son. Yeah. Jr's with me. You we know people Jr without No, but it, it was, it was, nobody bought it yet.


So you know when they fixed it. Oh, okay. And the doors opened. Yeah. So I was surprised like oh was shit. So my old room, I was telling people like, oh look, but little twin bed. Yeah. Yeah. I had a bunk band when I was here. Shout some. You had to cut the bunk bed in half. Nigga to make you feel like you Well, some of the bunk bed. The metal joints. The metal joints. The metal joints come apart. You got a metal bunk band? Yeah. Nigga, you cut it in half. Not cut it with the joint. You unscrew it. Yeah, I don't know what that Yeah, you lost. He not going answer. Not at all. I know you call it me.


What man? Yo. Y'all got a good young team, man. Y'all got a, y'all got a good young team. Y'all got a bright, bright future ahead of you guys, man. JayDon Ivy. Y'all get back, you'll get some players back and you'll really give it beef stool. Beef stool will be be back soon. Nah, y'all, y'all put up a, y'all put up a good fight. You just came up against a more veteran, a more experienced team. A tougher team. A team that's been there. Whoa, whoa, whoa. A tougher you going, you're going too far outta too far.


Team. A little more grit. No, you're going too far. Hopefully next season Cade will take the next steps to Superstardom. He's well on his way. Shout to Bicker staff, a coach of the year candidate who will do a great job in grooming him and developing him as a talent. You guys, the pissed ons have a really bright future. Now. You did. You guys did manage to lose every single game played in Detroit. And that's partially my fault. 'cause I didn't tell you how much New Yorkers love Detroit. Detroit is such a beautiful city. No, honestly, I spent a lot of time out there.


I had a really good time. Some of my greatest friends out there, some of my best sold out shows happened in Detroit. Detroit, threesomes of fire. My, my hotel over there by the Motor City. Come on the casinos. Yo, what y'all did for music with Motown, what y'all did for the car, the car and the, what y'all did for the car industry and automobiles and everybody being able to drive. Now, yo don't never let nobody take nothing away from you and your team, Jared and your abilities. When k, when Kade start getting superstar calls, y'all gonna be different.


Listen, there's some really good free agents out there. You guys will take the summer off. Go enjoy yourself. I see Malik Beasley likes to tweet an Instagram. Now he has all the time in the world to get his Instagrams off, right. What else? What else, what else, what else? Oh my God. All the Detroit celebrities. It felt so good to see Tim Hardaway, senior, rip Hamilton, Ben Wallace, Chris Weber, big Sean. All of these niggas that I think should be at their house. All of these niggas that we're not used to seeing, it was good to get a glimpse of them for a second before we head on to Boston for round two.


I, I don't, I don't understand what the purpose of, of your speech of that you just gave. What, what? I mean, are you, are you being complimentary Or I'm being complimentary? The, the series is over. There's no reason to talk shit to you guys while you're fishing, while you're on vacation, while you're in Cancun. Hey, did, did Bicker staff have his exit meetings with everyone yet? Or is that later today? Nah, that I think that might be, That might come later in the, In the, in the near future. I, I would say This though, the part that hurts is this team probably won't be back. Everybody. Everybody, like some people might be gone, right? I mean, nobody Knows. It sucks when you give it your all with a squad and then a few niggas.


We just lose them and all it hurts. It hurts. Lemme go say something now. What were you saying? My brother? Nah, I was saying man, It is amazing series man. That boy Jalen Brunson is tough, man. That that little dude man is a problem. He does a good job of representing you. Wait, if I knew you was gonna say his name, I would've said it with you. We can say it together. Maybe now that the series is over. Thank you. No, no, no. Thank you. No Thank you. On three. Come on. Come on. No, no Thank You. No Thank you. Alright, so I'll do it without you. That's cool. One that's fine. Two. His name is Jalen Brunson. Hey, did, did that, did that Thompson twin get back from Mars yet?


I'm not gonna let you do that to my young fella. You're not gonna, But did he get back from Jupiter? That Stop on that. Stop on a dime. Bring it back. Cross. That shit looks like a glitch. I, I thought my TV was broke. It looked like what? It looked like that move you did during the game. I did some shit, bro. And broke my knee out there fucking around trying to be, trying to be fucking young. Oh listen man, I thought y'all was gonna pull it out for a second last night, Jared. I did. Yeah man. I mean, our young boys fought hard man first time for a lot of them in them spots. Yeah. That's why Malik Beasley hands was so sweaty at the end. Right? Oh my goodness.


Don't do that. Don't Do that. When a guy, when a guy makes 6, 7, 3 pointers, that is the guy you want with the ball in his hand. Four seconds left in a three point game. But the ball wasn't in his hand. Yeah, no, not that. All the lights are bright. Yo bright lights could also make your palm sweaty. Nah, we sweaty. We wasn't shook by none of that. You know what my favorite part was on the Jalen Brunson shot. It shows Detroit's bench. My last 30 times seeing the shot, I wasn't looking at the shot at all. I was just looking at Detroit's bench and how you guys ended up leaving, leaving the arena. Did you make it home safe?


Well I'm, I'm talking to you so clearly I did. Well I don't know if you home, you might have came to New York trying to still living the nostalgia of it. You might have came to New York and found a hotel or something. Still trying to be down. Wait for greenhouse to Open. I'm good man. Might enjoying some, some good weather in, in in Detroit. Plenty of time to do that. Plenty, plenty of time to do that. Hey, ain't it great to get sent home while you already home? Can you speak to that? I would say that is, that is much better than having to take that flight. Yeah, flight Back. Even though I was looking forward to a game seven. You, You told me, you promised me I would see you in New York. I made dinner reservations. But I'll just cancel and have it for one now. I'll just have, I'll just have dinner for one now.


But you guys look good man. And I gotta tip my hat to you for answering the phone. Got to, man. You know, win Loser maybe gotta be the same. You answered the phone man. Lot of people won't wasn't first. They don't really got nothing to hold their heads over, bro. All of those games that they lost, they should be proud. Yeah. All of those games that they lost were nail biters tough games from a a young team. They, some people look at it like they overachieve. No, ain't no some We definitely did that. I I, some people I think that's disrespectful, but they did a good job. They had a great season. That shit, they, they ain't got nothing to hold their heads over. No. And I'm talking shit, I'm, I'm talking shit to Jared, but of course, of course. But yeah, the, the Piston fans have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of y'all.


Y'all showed up and showed out. Listen, it had to go this way. If not, tears might have lost his job. Man, y'all, I'm, I'm sorry we we can't lose to the pistons. Nah, nah, we we gotta go home when we supposed to. That's the second round. Maybe. Do you have anything you wanna say to me as a fan of the winning team? The team that sent y'all home in five games? No six games. I'm sorry. All six games. I'm just Congratulations. Congratulations. Fun entertaining series The Boy Brunson man. What, what can you say A hell of a performance CLU Clutch player of the year. Yeah. You know And y'all didn't double him. Y'all didn't double the clu. NBA Clutch Player Of the Year. Yeah, he served, he all serves to that. Y'all didn't double the clutch Player of the year.


Let him catch the pass freely. Y'all get me to do all that? Y'all Left your young boy on an island by himself against a stone cold killer. The NBA clutch player of the year. It is my turn. Or your turn to Talk. Oh yours. I'm sorry. Hey man, congratulations To the team. No Congratulations to you at all. And we'll see y'all next season for sure. Wait, after the series. After the series, you just saw it. Y'all looking for us next season too? Absolutely. You're looking for everybody Next season. We not even focused on next season to be honest with you. We just focused on the next series.


Man, Y'all need to be, y'all got y'all hands full for sure. Yeah, no, don't worry about it. Hey, can you hear this audio I'm playing Finds Hardaway Hideaway back. No, no I can't. I don't. He lost it outta Bounds with four Tens of a second. I'm playing when Malik Beasley lost the ball out of bounds with four seconds of me. We gonna do that. We not gonna do that. Alright. Alright jar, we ab Oh, man's fucked up. Hey, hey Jar. We love you man. Good luck next season. Alright y'all. Peace all dog jack. Peace, peace nigga. Complete the clips. Your asshole. What, what, what, what? What?


This niggas an idiot. Holy shit. Why we here? So who y'all Who y'all. Who y'all play next? Boston. Boston. Oh, again so, right. Oh okay. Yeah. Last time you was jacking at Yo Boss gonna lose last time. We got a chance last year. But you think that they, I think we have a chance this year again. Very, very slim chance. I think I got a chance. It's a slim chance. But so Boston is healthy. Yo, you know on the monopoly, they're healthy enough know on the monopoly board, the Chance cards them the ones that get your head cracked around the ball. I mean it could give you the advance to go. I think the Knicks have a very slim chance against the Celtics.


Could be. Yeah. But even if they lose how many, how many think, how many games do You think it go regardless? Like whoever wins, I think if it goes six Knick fans will be pretty happy. Anything past that? That's a blessing. Okay. But this might be the year they fall off and it's the last year that they have that team together. The team is too expensive to keep together so who cares. Yeah. I don't care. Now if they win again, what's if they win again? It's new ownership. That team is breaking up. They're reports are already coming out. They're looking to cut salary next year. It is a fact. It has to happen. Lot of money. They spent close to a billion dollars that, that's the new owner's not coming in looking at you spent close to a billion dollars. We already won a championship. We're not doing this again. But if we win too, somebody gotta go.


If we win too, then I then I got my money and I'm getting outta this state still getting outta no matter what. You think they're getting outta that this summer. Okay, so you think what we think about, oh go ahead. Go ahead. So you think they're gonna break up the two? No, that's saying something different. You're just saying that team the way It is. I'm saying this team as presently constituted will won't be back. That don't mean they breaking up Tatum and Brown. I'm saying maybe Drew Holiday is not there. Maybe Derrick White is not there, can't live with Derek. Maybe Poor Zynga is not there. Harford is 59. Yeah, he gonna take the league. Minimum some. Something is going to change. I thought he might top something is gonna change about our Celtics team but we got a series to play so I don't wanna look toward next season, but it's time for our favorite part of the show.


PrizePicks. Alright.


PrizePicks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into Cash Money with millions of members. PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all really simple and easy to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for a chance to win. Now up to 2000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with prize. Prize big. And let me tell you what me and Ish have in store for you guys today. We are going with eh oh we are going with Christian Braun for more than seven rebounds and assist. We're going with Zac for more than 16 points. I don't know if I agree with Ish there, but we'll put it on paper. The Joker for less than five and a half, three point attempts. I'm with him there. Okay. And Jimmy Butler for more than five assists. I'm with you there Ishmael. I'm with you there. Run your game. Ishmael Zoo box. How much money you got left over from all the money you won. Parks let me hate on you for a little bit. I got, he ain't even touch it right? I don White. Nah, he pack of t-shirt. He ain't shit. He s not Parks won. A little grip. Go ahead let's go. Parks good for Parks and congrats to anybody else out there to touch some money with PrizePicks. If you use promo code JB BB you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So for the people in the back, one more Again, if you download the PrizePicks app right this very second, please, please do not forget to use promo code JBP and you'll get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


Did you come up with that line? Run your game? Yes. Fire. They use it. My man that's ip I just slid. Hey my man that's just ip. I just, my man moves. I thought that trick I just slid. Yeah, run your game. I saying that some shit that run your game. That's me. No, not you. You gimme that. Yo. That's fine. Can we use yo you got that, that's you, that's, that's on. And yo, if they gave, oh wait. Hey you free. If they gave me a big upfront like that, I, I'll give 'em a ip. They gave me a big wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What If they gave me a big like that? I all right. All right. Kicking past coverage. Front, front nigga got as and that ain't true.


Nigga give you a big bag today and you don't do half what he asked you to do. Right. That's not true. That's not true. Right. That's subjective. That true. Niggas get bags of stipulations yo. Hey nah you gotta just give a nigga a bag. Hey nigga give your bag with no chips in it. Wait you air in the bag. Oh he said niggas give you a bag with stipulations. All bags come with true. Ain't no bad but there's some. Yes, that's what they're doing out there. I'm being funny. There's some stipulations are extreme and some are not. Okay, period. I'm not talking about you, I'm talking about general. I know you're not talking about me. Me and you gonna work together till 2037. Nigga. Yo just keep, I know you not talking about me yo. Then you are a team. You upset them when you that to at least 2040.


You upset them when you do that. You upset them that you the love that you had for me. I love you too much. The fact that you want me, you upset them Man, I love you too much. It don't get to me. Your game don't get to me no way. It got to be first. This is not game the first six months it ain't game. I was like, oh I'm not. Then I started seeing his game. Nah, I'm not. What's my game? Tell him my game. Tell, tell him my game game is too con constantly because I'm phony to constantly boost someone up to make them keep giving. Some would say all I do is insult people on this broadcast. I no. Well later on you do not initially. Your boo fine. You, you go over there and give a look. Yo. So now a nigga feel like he gotta give more feel good. It's a trick. It's a ice. You look at ice, you gotta agree with this phrase.


It is way Whoa, whoa, whoa. Shit. Let's go. It is, yo, you've been doing a lot of spinning on me. I want to see the same energy after three. It's three. See? Oh shit. See, See that? See that's part of it. That's it. Good example. Don't come. You know what I mean? Take shit out. What I'm taking out on the fuck Simon nigga niggas wait Ish. Why are you helping them? You confused. You threw me off just now. He said, he just described what pimps do. Don't help nobody else don't help nobody else. Let me fight with these two niggas. You body that shit. All right nigga will get up. Yo whispers you inside. You killed it right there. Fire nigga.


That's positive encouragement, huh? I don't know why y'all think that's a game. Yeah. You heard we can't talk, we can't talk about it here. But I don't know why y'all think that. That's GIII think that you really mean it. And I think that you, you are the one that see what you see so you know, you know the metrics so you know what's happening and what's doing it. And you, you morale is important in the workspace. But you over moralize nigga, if that's a word, nigga just over moralize. Yeah. Like you do shit like to everybody. You do the same shit to different people at different times. That's your bag. And you get caught doing it. Yo, he did that. Yo. Yo, here he go here your man me paying attention y'all. I'm so loud.


This The good work. Yo, we killing it right now. Boy. I swear to God you do That again. We outta here. Come back in here. No, we gotta do good. Yo. Come on nigga. Come on nigga. We caught you. Boy I catch you. I think that shit is fly but I, I look for it. They don't give a Fuck that niggas. Oh I got time to look for that shit. Like, oh he did it again. Oh he begging him up again. Oh he big them up. Oh he big me up. So do you think I should stop begging y'all up? No, I don't think you should stop bing the up. But I just think that you master the way to do it in the way to make a person feel good in the moment. Good. Great. It's supposed to be. That's great. Do You think it it, do You think it should be a collective?


Yo, we doing great. Let's go not individual. Individual. Now. Now if other niggas are seeing you do that to a certain individual, what do you, what what does that tell other people? You do it. So if a nigga looking at you like what are you saying? I don't understand what you're saying. What is he saying? You told me don't join in. No, don't join in and help them. But explain to me what you're saying. Yeah. Ain't he talking? I ain't saying shit. Say help me. I'm laughing. If your men man, if your men don't understand me, yeah I don't get it. Yeah, I'm losing you. I'm saying that when you do those tactics because in one breath I'm, you sound like I do it to everybody and then in the next breath you sound like I don't do it to everybody. You do it to everyone at the expense of others but not realizing that you're doing it at the expense of others.


So if some, if you, if if if niggas are sitting here and it's a team and we are watching you big somebody up to the side and giving them the credit like yo nigga 'cause of you this shit is ah, the shit that Joe do wishes fly. How does everybody else feel that may hear that you don't do it privately, nigga go to fucking call them niggas on the phone or go in the fucking corner and do it. Well I don't think that anybody should feel anyway because It is nothing that anybody here hasn't heard at some point. I see. So, so everybody should be rooting for somebody to hear that. So if Mark hears that now 'cause he's, 'cause he's killing and I'm joking saying that we could buy new couches 'cause of Mark. That's not something that you didn't hear when you first came here. Mel heard it when she first got here and they definitely heard it when they first got here.


Actually the messaging to them was, Hey, head down and work for two months and then let's look up. And when we looked up it was great. Parks certainly has held it down. He is heard nothing but great things for me. What are you talking about? Everybody here has heard, yo we do it this way, we outta here. So why is it bad that Mark come in and then kill him? That should take a load off of everybody's shoulders. There's nothing that should, there's nothing that should, should be, there's nothing that should be, I think we'll flip the truck adversarial about that. Thank you. Thank you Ice. Because he be out for you. He gonna turn it into something else like no, he's right. He what Martha doing? He does do it to everybody. But I think what you're, what what Flip is trying to say, you can correct me if I'm wrong. Yeah. I stay outta these conversations. I don't give a fuck but I don same.


I just see it. I I see what he's saying. Give it to me. You'll do it in a way to make it seem like yo, everything was trash before you. It's almost like you putting down the, the rest of the team for one, whoever you're highlighting at the moment. And that changes one which he, he has a point you were saying telling Flip when he came here at one point how you, you sparked back and It is that you brought that energy that was missing and basically saying niggas was trash before you got here. Now insert Mark. You're telling Mark Yeah I could buy couches for you. You because of you, you doing this niggas was trash before you got here. It it keeps moving is what he's saying. Am I, am I correct here?


You are correct. Okay. Okay. I don't know if we playing, I don't know if we serious. I'm I'm not dog lemme clear say this. I don't get like I tell my girl, don't play around about things that we, that you serious about 'cause it sends the wrong message. So just to be clear, anything with my name on it, I'm not, I don't ever think I'm sending trash out. I don't give a fuck how I speak to y'all individually or in here or private or take pride in your product. There's not no, not nothing that's gonna have my name on it that I'm sending out that I believe to be trash. I believe that because you canceled pots that wasn't good. I think this is the best of the best of the best. I think that may be part of the problem is that niggas is good.


I'm, I'm battling with consistency and other things. Not quality of show and quality of people. We great. We killing. That's what somebody said that somebody said that what you just said, like Joe is battling with consistency instead of quality. It's consistency. It is just not a quality issue. It's a consistency issue. And if it's in It is, if it's inconsistent for long enough, then that becomes a quality issue. Got it. Somebody just said that and I think people are like that because things are so good. Interesting. Somebody just wrote that to me. And the things that motivate Flip today are different from the things that might have motivated him two years ago. The same with y'all, the same with Mark. I'm kind of just playing when I do it with Mark. But like different people take different, take different motivators.


Motivators. So I don't mean to make nobody feel like that. Nah, nah, I we're being serious. Let me, we being serious. I certainly am not trying to do that to anybody because you don't make but but lemme say why why my head down I work. I don't exactly whatever happens happen. That's always my stick. Niggas don't feel a way. I, I pointed out to joke around and shit like that because Marcus is bodying it and it's supposed to happen like that 'cause it's a team thing. I'm just point out to you because when you try to do it to me, to me it's funny. I try to stop you like, nah nigga you just did that nigga don't do it to. But just so we clear on the baseline of my thinking with this thing 'cause maybe I don't communicate the best. So just so we clear on my thinking with the how this thing is supposed to go when it's operating functionally and correctly is everything that we do inside of here and as anybody that sits here every, anything that we do inside of here should help each and every person outside of here.


True part one. I agree with that. Agree. Part two to that is everything that everybody does outside of here is what should help us inside of here. It's like a well-oiled chain and that's it. I agree with that. Anything else I don't give a fuck about. I agree with that. I agree with that as well. I agree with that. Yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense. That's what I got. Some niggas lies be boring gang. I've said that some niggas life is boring. Some niggas lie be as simple as just going home, seeing your family, having a meal, going to sleep, waking up and going to work. And then when we, if a nigga talk about that, he be like, man, if you don't get your boring ass outta here.


He thought his calendar was boring and it wasn't. His calendar was fire. Yeah. Ice. Ice thought his calendar was born. That wasn't at all. That is, that was the best thing in the universe. That shit was fire. I absolutely loved that calendar. Mad fire. That was great. Although we tried to spin it. I went home. I went home and told my girl, let's make a calendar. She still ain't do it. She keeps saying she wanna do it but She ain't do it yet. Now we lit though out. I told my girl about it. I'm like, yeah niggas think I was controlling and put together. She's like, but the calendar was my shit. I've always had it. I'm like I know It is what It is. Man comes with the gig. Wait before we leave 'cause we did the ad, we were talking about sports.


I have to ask my brother here Laker fan Simon. Oh, how you feel dog? About us losing? Yeah. Again in the first round. Lemme see. I didn't think the Lakers was going nowhere. The Laker roster as constructed wasn't really a good roster. The Lakers are not supposed to win one game against the timber wolves. Why? Because they're better than that. That's not true. It is true. I think we better in name. That's not true. I disagree with you. If you, if you say that I'm I'm I'm gonna say I don't think that you've watching the games. That's not true. The Laker right before the season ended, y'all smacked OKC by 30. Okay. And, and and, and then when y'all played them a couple days later y'all lost by like a couple in that same, in that same since All Star y'all probably only lost a handful of games.


I'm not, I'm not ES ESPN so I'm not looking it up. They were, I went to the Knick game myself and saw the Lakers kind of route the Knicks as a good team. Nothing but with the eye test said that the Lakers was supposed to win only one game. I'm not mad at them losing to the 10 Ws. One game against the Timberwolves is is where some of the disappointments should come in. Not with LeBron, not with Luca and not with that team. Keep going. No, no. LeBron Luca Reeves Reeves go yo, before the playoffs started, they please answer me. I will. LeBron, but lemme talk Luca. S before, before the playoffs started, all the chatter was that Reeves is the best third option in the NBA. I'm agreeing with that.


He had a shit series. No. What happened? He had a shit series. But when JJ Reddick trusted Jackson Hayes 'cause boy, well he was jumping all around to fucking paint when he played us so the boy could jump and he was doing seemingly well with Luca a little bit. I don't know what happened for JJ to take him out the rotation. Finlay Smith Finlay Dorian Smith, what's the guy name? Finlay Smith. Finlay Smith. He cooked us. I was like, oh shit, they got him then they got Vanderbilt back then they got that other draft pick that they liked a little bit. The fucking white boy, the lake, the Lakers had pieces to where I thought, I thought they would be better than one win against the wolves.


I don I don't. Nah, I mean so Luca's back is fucked up. That's number one. LeBron's age is showing. That's number two. LeBron and Luca don't play defense. See LeBron got so many fan club members. That niggas won't call it a spade, a spade. LeBron don't play D LeBron could lose the ball. He don't get back on D He plays D in spurts. When you, when you playing these young niggas, nigga 70 years old, that could all shoot the ball and they all are attacking the basket. Minnesota is D so they got interchangeable niggas. The Lakers is so shallow that we had to play Austin Reeves, LeBron James and Luca the whole second half of the last three games we played. You can't have have a nigga 40 something years old playing the last 24 minutes of a basketball game and expect for him in the fourth quarter when the game is tight to show up.


That's not gonna happen. I don't think that you have to do that. That's that's what we, that's what we wrong. And no look and we can't score like that. Like we don't have shooters like Hachi Morrie can shoot. Right. He, he's streaky. Finney Smith can shoot sometimes he's streaky. My nigga. If you watched the game the last game when go bear my nigga, he was out there looking like Wil Chamberlain reincarnated yo, it was like your little kids when you hold the ball up high, they was jumping at the ball. He was getting the rebounds just laying that shit. Shit back up. Yo dog. We don't, we we just didn't have the pieces put together. Connect ain't been playing well since they traded him and got him back.


He's tough. I like him. The Lakers in my opinion are three star, three starters and some half pieces dog. The three seed in the west should win more than one game against the six seed. Okay. I don dunno what you're saying. Not when your, not when your ace is he ain't healthy and your and your deuce. Ain't he old? I disagree with you, but it's fine. That's your team nigga. I'm in the second round. I don't give a Fuck that. Well I I wanted to know how you thought about Boston nigga Antman celebrate after sending y'all home at home. I think Ant Man's amazing. I think he a young vibrant dude and I think he full of energy. I I appreciate him actually. I think he, I think he's making his bid to be the face of the league.


Like if y'all, for those who don't know, they calling him Jamie Lannister talking about he the King Slayer. He slayed Durant and he's now slayed bro and may possibly go up against Curry next. I I I think it's well deserved. And the joker he got, they said, I think it's well deserved. I think it's well deserved. He was running around arena. He came play bro celebrating and, and I respect the fact that with him you could see like some niggas, you can't see them work on their game. You could see the work he's putting in his three ball is popping. He shot the most reason I think in the league this year. His handle game is way better. I I I like watching him play. He one of the best people. I like see him play. Y'all glaze him. Is that what you think?


No. You don't think that? No, but it's just funny to say you don't think that. I think they tough. That word is just crazy. I think they tough niggas bad niggas. Yo. That's hilarious. It is. The kids are yo you glazing yo you glazing yo. In my day niggas love to glaze. Donut. Niggas would head write the little Kroger's and get mag glazed donuts now glazing. See what about It is a bad thing? No glaze. You being serious? Never. Okay. I think glaze is a weird word to apply to a dick. That's what I think if you're asking me, if you're asking me.


I don't think that's the two shouldn't be together. But it's funny. It's funny. Well you hit a during that ul nevermind. Nevermind. We ain't come on bro. I'm just, nevermind. What's wrong with your man? You are a nasty nigga though. I said nevermind. This guy's crazy. Which is what I was saying with the dumpster stuff. But s not that's, that's nevermind, nevermind. Fine. It could be. What else, what else, what else, what else, what else y'all? Any new music y'all wanna talk about? There was, there was some we could, we can Get into Benny dropped, Benny dropped the EP Banks. I'm sorry banks. Banks dropped. Banks dropped, which I liked. That was like Wednesday or something like that. That was, that was nice. Get actual couple listens in before the pod.


Absolutely Really loved album. I do too. I, I bank my problem with banks like since once he stopped the whole, you know, heavy on the punchlines, like leaning really on the punchlines was the beat selection a lot for a lot of it. And banks' voice is very monotone. Yeah. So that voice with those beats just made it kind of bland even though he was still rapping his ass off. Right. And I said this with the last project, you can hear it, the beat selection has gotten more, more life into the beats and now he's flowing over it. The, the marriage sounds better. It sounded really good. I had a real, I really enjoyed this project actually.


My sleeper coming off of this project. Oh it's Gonna played the same sleeper. But Yeah, I could've picked at least six records that could've went. Yeah. Like I, I love this project. Salute the Banks again. Independent Blue Independent for Sure. You know, putting crafted art out that hey they might not, it might not show up on your algorithm. True. So what True It's passion behind this Salutes of banks. Man, I really enjoyed this project as I do with most of his projects. It's always good to hear 'em. Yeah. Also Summer Walker dropped a single, Hey I was, I was waiting for it 'cause I'm like she has to put some music out.


The tour's getting ready to start now. This is a project that I'm very eager to drop whenever it's dropping. I wish people would start dropping. I didn't, I didn't press play on the Diamonds and Pearl version or the Rent is due version. I pressed play on the Diamonds and Pearls version. I didn't hear any difference. I don't know if it was a mistake. I like this sounded like identical. So maybe there's another upload that'll come or something. I'm not sure. But that other one though, this is the Diamonds and Pearls version now the rent was due on the rent.


It is due version. Oh. See this sound a little different. It is. This is different. Yeah. See when I, when I first played it, I didn't hear, you know what I told you about your ears man years ago. You right. Oh yeah. This is a different for you. I'm, this is not what I heard. Hey, cut your ears. You didn't get the ear Lasiks. I gotta, that's next. Hey, hold up now. This is hard Shout Justice. Shout Summer.


Yeah, let up. Yeah this is oh what? This ain't the one. What? Alright. Nah, that's too five to play off the phone. Oh, okay. Yeah. Do it right please. That's too five. That's too five. I was waiting for the drop too. You saying the rent is that's too five for the phone? Yes, that's too five for the phone. The rent is, I see why that one was called. The rent is due version. Soon as it came on we was like, oh, all rent is due. I got it last. Yeah. Fuck that phone. Shit. There we go. Let me EQ shit up.


Oh this sound like some S WV shit here, bro. Your phone Ain't See what you do. Yeah, I like it. Hey. Oh Shit. I told, I told you I understood somebody.


That's hard. Something's playing so and fault's playing. It's not me Ice. It was Freeze was me. Yeah, Thank you. That was hard. Yeah, that's dope. God damn. Go Summer. When is this album dropping yo right back promoting when your album is dropping? No, they, no. 'cause you know why they keep moving them dates, especially for the certain names, bro. I'm still waiting for Roddy album. And if we, this is the fourth date now, now it's July. Shit. Just bring back albums. Yeah, just bring back the album. I I'm not, I have no problem waiting long as we got a well crafted project when it comes Jake Lamore album drop.


This record is called Invest In You. It's toward the end of the album. I wasn't gonna sleep for this but Fuck that Show. Just Tell me what Shout Jacob Latimore friend the Show.


That's not tough. I'm ready for albums. I was just looking at it on break and last year at this time we already had 21 Savage Schoolboy two Metro Future, Justin Timberlake, Flo Millie, Tyler, Beyonce, buddy j Cole Ghost Face. By this time last year. By this time Last year. Last Year. Yeah. See what we had this year Weekend. Bad Buddy Drinking Party. Oh yeah. I don't, I don't, I I think off memory this year sounds muddy but I think if you get to writing down and sitting down and looking at releases that there's been, there's been some good shit this year.


I just think it, it hasn't been so Big artists. It hasn't Been overt in your face over the top. No, it's been here today and going tomorrow music. It Hasn't been a lot of big artists. That's what It is. It is like, yeah, we got something that's dope for the moment, but there's nothing sticking anymore. And that goes to the, the the work put into the project. They're making album, they're making songs they're making shit for right now. And just to get some numbers up at a certain level and then we going on to the next Treating it like a Instagram post. Yeah. Shit is I'm Ready for. It's sad bro. It's sad. I'm Ready for some heavy hitters man. That's all I'm saying. Yeah. But yeah, nah, I ain't gonna let that continue to be our message.


I'm looking in my phone. There are some albums that, that there's some art artists and albums and songs that have some staying power from recent and if not then shit, let's big up the Legacy acts. 'cause what you're not doing is not listening to music. True. You're listening to something. Yeah, for sure. So if we are gonna big up the Legacy acts, let's do that. But I'm still on this the artist album. I think my most played album has been Alchemist and June and Larry June and Chains and Bad Bunny of that Was Fire. Trying to think. I'm still on that shit. Who's that? Our dude that did the, that redid the nineties Love songs.


Shit. He got the song with rl. Come on man. Is it fucking, it's not Kenya Dixon. Who is it? Can't think It is. It might, It is Ken Dixon. It might be him. It's Kenya Dixon, it might be him. I still listen to that project. What else am I still listening to? That known shit KW and her shit. Amazing. Yeah. I don't know man. The the Drake party shit. But that should go unsaid. That shit hard. But, but all of those things, they still not mainstream artists that I'm still listening to Kanis Project. Listen, when I get to talking, it's more on the r and b side of shit. But in Afro beats and r and b, there's a lot going on. I can't speak for what's happening in hip hop. I think it's slow for hip hop. It is. It is. It is. I think it's slow for Hip.


It is slow. What I'm saying ain't really about that. But in r and b and Afrobeats It is lit. It is lit. It is, It is. It is. I can't speak to it. I don't know. I don't know about Lit. I take your word. It's some good music. I I don't know about lit though. 'cause lit is like big. Yeah, like yo Lit is like outside. DeVito just dropped. It all sound like outside right on the, on the Afrobeat side of things. Right. Like I'm just saying there's artists that are dropping that you could count on for the, he gave me my Chris Brown feature. That's what, that's what I need from a DeVito project or Chris Brown project. Like there's things happening that I could count on in terms of good music and thank God. And ever since ICE showed me where to actually find the new, the new music that comes out every Friday, it's changed my experience.


Well like you ain't know how to do that. Hell no, no, no. It's a mess. You have to really click to a bunch of, it's a mess pages to get to that. Yeah, it's a mess on there. So that is helped. But look back to hip hop. Like, I'm not gonna say there hasn't been any Lil Baby dropped the album this year and, and I like the album. The point is, where do you hear, what do you, what do you hear from that now? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. You get what I'm saying? ESTG somebody that I like, nothing. Like it's not, nothing's sticking anymore, but you're naming people that was on bullshit recently. Like ESTG. We love him, but he on bullshit right now. You know what some of the rumors are out there about him and his situation. So we ain't gotta speak about it that, that first album at Gunna Drop when he came out.


I'm still on that. I love that album. I'm still listening to that. That was early in that years. If nigga years ago niggas focused on the quality of the music then when they dropped, you could still listen to it for a few years before it gotta be, you know who album I still run to this year? I'm just, I I'm looking at the list of shit from just this year. Yeah. Again, I'm only talking hip hop. Jim's album was good. Jim Hop Jim having a good, very good album. Jim's album Is great. Like that's a al And, and well like I said, I I I damn near like the deluxe a little bit better. But it, it independent though For sure. I would say everything good is independent. That's My point. And you can hear from Jim's album. He put, he took time. Like this wasn't a rushed album. I just put a bunch of records together. True.


What I'm hearing from a lot of the bigger artists is, all right, we need an album by when. Alright, cool. I got a bunch of yo go pick 12 or 13 off of here from that batch. That's what I, there's no intention behind it no more. It's just, alright, this is the album here, let's turn this in so we could go on the road or we could go do this and we can go get some money. I I guess part of my argument is answering its own question and with so many big artists last year, they're all obviously gonna hit the road this year. Oh, the road looks crazy this Year. The road is crazy this year. All the way from stadium tours all the way down to theater tours. Like it seems like everybody's going on the road for something. Yeah, it's true. And I I I absolutely love this. Like every time I look up somebody else is announcing the tour. Oh no, it's An expensive summer.


Very for some And the stadium tours are doing good so far as far as with with Kendrick. Yeah. Yeah. Can say. Yeah, Yeah. Kendrick looks great. Beyonce looks great. I saw a lot of people trying to point out empty, like that's there's this new trend which I let, let me Oh yeah, say this Iso go ahead. To me, it's a new trend on my algorithm feed of let's pinpoint the empty seats at the concert. Okay. I don't care about the empty seats at the concert. I don't care who the act is. Is the concert dope? Is the performance dope? Is this stage show dope? It is. Like, are are, are artists just standing there walking back and forth, rapping, or are they putting together a production?


That's what I wanna see outta the show. Who concert that? Empty seats beyond everybody's literally everybody's show has an empty seat Somewhere. I mean especially if we're talking about these stadiums and even arenas. Even arenas, yeah. There's gonna be sections that are empty dog Depending on when they taking a picture. That's true. You might be taking a picture early as hell in the set right Or right after intermission or something like that. CP Yeah, That's true too. You know what I'm saying? Like, yo, so I, I saw Beyonce's doing this thing at her tour where she's flying around the stadium in a car. In a car. It's Dope. The car is airborne. Yes. They have the car hooked up to some type of a crane or something. Oh no, she's in like a drop top Impala or some shit.


Oh shit. She's sitting in there singing to another level. No, no, I'm choking, bro. Oh yeah, yeah, because he flipping and flying dolo. She in the car, Can't flip the car too easy. So, and I saw where it rolled past the, the box suites. So there were two box suites completely empty. And I just kept saying, yeah, but y'all said the Tors sold out. Y'all said the Tors sold out. And I'm like, dog, first off you see this shit. She's flying in the car. This is dope. Right. Who gives a fuck if the suite is empty. No. And the box suites might have got bought by. I was just about to say, sometimes in box seats are Bought out. Not JP P Morgan. Somebody fucking bought this. Like what they talking about, the people complaining about, they complain about the C seats, empty seats and shit like that.


Anywhere. Show at some of the shows Like Yo Fans, fans, fans pointing At it like, yo fam not even complaining, just looking for something to point out at this great show. I seen a nigga tweet, I seen a nigga tweet. Now they want to act like we ain't been concerned with empty seats. And Joe Button kicked that girl out the Oakland show. Oh shit. Shout to Paige. Don't do that big Paige. Shout to Paige. That was totally on me that night. That was wrong. It was a mistake. Kev. All y'all, y'all still, oh my God. But that was hilarious. That was, anyway, listen, ain't the show here soon? Beyonce? A couple weeks. Oh, I'm not talking about Beyonce. Who talking About, oh, that's what we're Talking about, Kendrick. I'm, I'm talking about Kendrick next week. Go to next, next week. Hey, y'all can add that aint, I'm gonna See that.


I saw the set. Listen, I was like I, this is not my Beyonce. Y'all got it? Yeah, y'all can have it. I'm, y'all see next Friday when I'm like, y'all got a hard out. Oh no, it's a hard out next Friday for sure. Oh, the Beyonce show's next Friday. No, Kendrick is Kenrick next Friday. Ken Kendrick. Oh, Kendrick. Oh no, we might not have podcasting. Oh Yeah. Maybe we should do a little Thursday. Or talking what? Talking about y'all have a hard out Who the fuck y'all think y'all are? Nigga. Recap episode. Well last a hundred episode highlights. I gotta go see what the fuss is about. What it look like. Something. Yeah, I'm in there. In there. But yeah, it's just it. We were just saying how everybody's hitting the road and it's gonna be a very expensive, expensive summer and lit summer.


For sure. For sure. But I think some of that conversation goes into Russ's tweet about Spotify hiding the numbers. I Love it. Yeah. Same kind of concept. It's yes, the fans knowing too much. Like I absolutely, the curtain is two rays. It's something that I've been saying this about Twitter, Instagram for at least 10 years now. I used to say, yo dog, just hide the follower counts. It changes everything. Yeah, It does, Man. But they won't do it of course because now there's value attached to it and, and inflated ego attached to it. But it's the same thing. Yo, just let the music speak. I'm going, fuck this numbers Chris Brown Kendrick. I'm going Tyler Pat Bell and Oh, I wanna see Tyler too.


I got Woo Tiger tickets already. Oh Yeah. You wanna see Tyler? Maybe one more. Tyler joint. Tyler. Oh Tyler the creator. Tyler the creator. Not Tyler. Your man Tyler now was shot. I'm not, I'm not See that. I'm not missing that. Tyler. Tyler, I gotta See that. What's not my bag? That Tyler the creator? No, Tyler. Where's Tyler at MSG. MSG. Yeah. Oh, when is that? July. I got the date. July something. That nigga freeze Wayne. I'm going to see Wayne. Oh yeah, for sure. That Wayne show. Yeah. Album release date. July 6th. Excuse me. June 6th in there for that MSG nigga Freeze on a tour Nigga. Oh, you just outside you for Def Did you put this stuff on the calendar? You for Delph? Yes, they are on the calendar.


All right. Are you, are you for Delph? A lot of calendar. Oh, June 14th It is Tyler at MSG. Are you for Oh, I'm going to there. That and all these shit are coming up soon. Excuse me. Are you for Delph? No, never. No, you ain't going for Delph. So you going with your lady? Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Did did she want to go or you asking? Yeah, she told me. Yo, when is this? I want to make yo, you know we in there for this. Right. Respect. Absolutely. Wayne's her favorite artist and she's never seen her perform live. There we go. So I'm excited to take her to her first Wayne show. Okay. I don, they should have left Flip in the Vibe show. Yo. If the security that didn't let you in the Vibe show was watching his pod, like what would you say to him? Nah, no nothing. Because He might be working the next show. No, listen. Oh yeah. He might hold you down The what? Tawan.


They was good at the, they was good at the vibe show, man. I think it, it was, no, they was good. It was you. They wasn't good. That's what we talking about. It was, it was bigger than that. A lot of people did not show ever. A lot of people did not get in the Vibe show. But not only that, I think the, a lot of people got in too though. A lot of people did the hip hop police. They and a lot of people ain't QueenzFlip. The hip hop police was like, yo flip, they got JBP flip. I'm not, nah, they was like, that's why you didn't get in. Honestly. They was like, flip. Why you ain't, because you Should have wor the JBP Merch. The guy was telling me to come in, he hip hop police. He's like, yo, come on, come in. But I was out there recording with JR. And JR was telling me, yo Pops, he's asking you to go in, but you ain't want to go in Flip hoodie is coming soon. I like, I like, I like to go in. I don't know, I'm just, It is ignorant and it's stupid. And you, you know, you learn a lesson in real time.


That's it. That's all. Yeah man. It was more lit outside. It wasn't lit inside the box. No, it was man lit inside. But I was out there from there. How you know, because I saw, I, I went to the watch. I was tight, went to the window. What they doing in there? Yo, yo. I was to go watch yo FaceTime me so I could see the show. I was tired. He was like, yo, what? I'm like, yo, these niggas gonna kill me on Monday, son on Tuesday. That was cra that was crazy. So, because nigga you talk so much about it, that's what made, that's what made it bad. It didn't work. It didn't work. It didn't work. Do you guys care that Kanye has come out of the closet? Come out? What do you mean? What, what, what do he identify as?


He said he, he's gay. He wants attention. So you, do you watch Jim Jones cook him up on Angela Angel show what Jim Jones had to say about it? Yes I did. What'd he say? He cooked his boots. What'd say he saying that he wants tension. All it's the same shit. We same everybody said, he said he, he said a flyer though. He cooked his Boots? Yeah, he said a flyer. 30 seconds. All I've been hearing is the jokes like, yo, if you was Kanye cousin and you locked up and you oh shit. And you've been bragging the last three or four years. Like yeah. Yeah, my cousin dog. Then this nigga said he been sucking your dick. That's your cousin. Right. You know you like, so he said, he said I'm gay. Yes, but that's not how he, he came out and said I'm gay.


He said it twice. But that's not how gay work. Yeah, we yeah, you can't, yeah, you can't be convenient. That's, that's convenience. Gay. You can't be gay at convenience. Turn that shit on like a s like a light switch. Yeah nigga. All right gay. Now can you be conveniently gay if you was sucking dick till you was 14? Sounds good Word. No it don't. Words do mean things though. Not to jump in here. But why did you stop it at 14? Because he might have suppressed it for whatever reason. I'm just saying. What do gay mean? I'm lost. What he said is I suck my cousin's dick till I was 14. He ain't say that was just his dad didn't say nothing about other dicks.


Sucking other dicks. So him saying he gay to me was like a continuation of what he didn't say with the cousin shit. Which was my cousin went to jail and I was led down a different path of dicks and continued sucking dicks. Is he saying his cousin turned him off and Nah, nevermind. Don't say it. You about to be about to play something. No, I've already made too many edits. This this broadcast. I'm not gonna put more work on Parks play. Oh thanks. You ever just see a nigga though and be like eh, and be like, you know what? You know what?


Not for nothing. I think this nigga sucked Dick before. See somebody where you like that is the last missing piece of why this is happening. It is like, yo, this could only be happening if this nigga sucks. Dick. Yo. You be saying some outlandish shit bro. No, no I can't be saying Atlanta shit because Kanye said that shit and the world went about his business. True. Because the world is tired. Him. No we know. No it wasn't even that. It's not. Well he just told us last I'm keep and even when that happened, what the world say.


I know, I know he, he blamed the jaw stuff on the car accident from years ago. And that was always fishy. It was always shit. It was bro. It was always, it's another story. I know you not beating up. It is a whole nother story. It's another story but Yeah. But even that story sounds a little different now man. Ah, they don't know what you're doing. That mean it's niggas out there that's holding it down. That's impressive. That is impressive. That mean that niggas is running around out here keeping to themselves that that Kanye West suck my dick by the dumpster because maybe he not sucking pause.


Well maybe he got that fire and they just wanna keep it to themselves. Not the flame 0.1. Kanye suck Dick. I need a beat with that. Yo. That sound, they might got a beat, got a beat with no production. No I'm meant production. So you wanna produce it now. I meant production. Just production. I'm sorry that came out wrong. Course production. Y'all want shit to be flat. I'm getting, I'm getting a track with that nigga. Oh yeah. That's why he, that's why he be calling Joe name all the time. Oh he was trying to get you, he wanted to get you over there. Ka wash. That's another one of those double standards.


'cause when niggas make those jokes about you, you get up, interrupt the broadcast, be ready to fight, get irate. But but you can make those jokes about me. What do you mean by that? What do you mean by that? What you make those jokes about me? What do you mean by that? And I should just continue to be a professional. What do you mean by that? I should just continue to do a great job at this. Right. Like maestro. What do you mean I didn't, I don't disrupt the broadcast nigga. You think that was funny what you just said to me? You stopped the B say to you broadcast nigga you stopped the B to broadcast. When when I go back and forth with niggas, you stop it and take it out. Mm yeah you always take it out When? When it's me defending myself, I run shit. Yeah. Salute. But you run that when they crack they jokes. You let it be in. You run that. Yeah, I know. Yeah nigga. Yeah. What's up? What you wanna do yo take him out. What You right now?


No, I'm just saying turn him into blank man. The nigga do be calling your name like I don't like that shit nigga. I'm down with you bro. Well he is not doing it for felonious reasons. You want him to call your name? Nah. Hell no. I was asking. I didn't think nothing about, I just found out he's gay today. Yeah, he said he is gay. He came out. That's what's up. I just don't think that's so shocking. Anybody congrats. Was it like in a ranting way? Like oh I'm gay. Like It is probably tweet. It was ending the rant. That was like his exclamation point. No, what I cared more about Kanye news wise was that he put the Donda two album out officially. Like he, yeah he threw it on. It is on the DSPs and everything. I didn't even know. And then, oh wait Kanye being gay means that my gays verse straight argument and the verses changes.


Oh it's over, over is absolutely correct. The gate is finishing straights. We get Kanye now too. I'm done. Who's we? Come on. Oh shit. On the side. Don't argue on side. You not on. Fuck that subconscious. Don't that side boy. Nah I don't believe that My man. My man on that, on that side. Would you be my friend Less never. Oh good. So why Are we on this? Yeah 'cause you do that. Kanye being down with the gays reaffirms my point in the ver in the music verses y'all can make me gay the box with the gays too. How not make you game though? Huh? The bonds with the gays the too. Oh yeah. It be more fil but yeah the imagine if niggas one of the niggas, no no disrespect but one niggas in here came out like, nigga how we gonna do the next part nigga?


The same way we would do the I I I'ma have to crack a couple of jokes and get it off like I think I may get cancel on the fire. You going crack. I going nigga. What? Wait, what nigga you did what nigga? This whole time nigga I've been hugging you, telling you I love you nigga you had some other shit nigga. Then you gonna dis me no flip nigga you not even my type damn Imma fry you even more nigga. I already know I was gonna go flip. You gotta go, you gonna kick me out. He go, you gotta go bro. It's all right. 2040 you got Imani since 2040, nigga 2040. Huh? You got my man eat in 2040 and you after the shit he got away with look at you anyway.


Boom. Right off. Boom. Right. But boy his other thing was I'm I'm, I'm dropping an album every month. I'm independent. Did you listen to this Don to two? Shoot. I had the shit when it first dropped. It did. It was didn't do nothing for you. It is not down to one. No it was cool it, I said that what's cool on a scale like 6 8, 6 Ish seven. It's cool. It ain't groundbreaking. It's not amazing Don, the one was amazing. Got it. It was a different, it was a totally different one for me is still probably one of the best albums since it's, since it's dropped. Yeah, the album. That's a really, really, really great album. Donda Donda one, Donda two, I'm not really going to check for so I'll take your word for it. But then right after he dropped it he, a text message went out of a bunch of producers that was like, hey we didn't get paid for this.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. We didn't sign off on this and we are going to lawyers to get this taken down as soon as possible. He tried some tricky shit too. He dropped it under the artist's name of Donda. Ah yo Kanye gotta stop man. Yeah, Kanye gotta relax. That's my man. But he be tweaking sometimes he might really need some help like Capo said, like he right, he might really need and he's going to places where they don't enforce it, you know? 'cause he was like that some of his behavior when I saw he did the stream of act, some of his behavior warrants somebody to come in and they gonna say he's tripping out to go put 'em in one of those psych wars. You know what I mean? And he said Japan or some of those places, I guess they don't, I don't know how it works, but he's just going to places where niggas can't catch him type shit.


So to him or prayers or whatever to update you guys on that whole a hundred men versus a gorilla conversation, the president and CO of the Fosse Gorilla Fund says that the humans would win. Well draw strength. I talk about gorillas all day long. So I love that other people are talking about them as well. I don't think there's a definitive answer, but I have to say that, that I would be on the side of the humans in this case. Gorillas come to this with, you know, a ton of power. All that upper body strength, you can see them here kind of just smashing people right and left. They've got incredible jaw strength. But I think the sheer number of humans that they would be up against and the fact that humans could hopefully coordinate their behavior tag team, take a little bit of a rest while the gorilla would just be going full steam the whole time would really put the advantage in in for the humans.


I love seeing how engaged people are about gorillas. I mean they played a big part in our mythology and our movies. People are clearly fascinated by them, which is wonderful. And so taking that fascination and maybe turning it into action for gorillas so that they have a future on the planet, you know, It is a great outcome potentially of this conversation. Sure, okay. A hundred of them versus common sense. That's my next battle. A hundred right there. Get a hundred of them versus common sense gorilla will beat. I was joking last P when I said it. We know you don't nigga it don't stand a chance against no damn gorilla. No the fuck are we talking about man, fuck are we talking about?


And that's what we said the other day. They showed the gorilla grab a baboon and pull it apart. No, when he played the bon he played drum motherfucker. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom nigga they showed the orangutan, grab a dude at the zoo and these are zoo animals so they ain't even wild. And he just grabbed my man arm and ripped the skin off this shit like stop. And they got big ass long fangs and nigga yeah just stop, leave it alone with my nigga. Shout to the gorillas. Yo, leave us away.


Leave. Most importantly, yeah, shout out to the gorillas. I know y'all niggas is listening to me. I love y'all. You know what I'm saying? We not doing that bro. At the end of the day, a gorilla could bench press more than 2000 pounds, nigga they they bite marks. It is like three 1300 PSI. Whatever the Fuck that means. I just looked it up. So what I'm saying is that, excuse me, say pounds per square. Same shit. Same shit. Yeah nigga they come on bro. They could jump. I just watched a video gorillas fight and a nigga fell like 30 feet and landed on his foot. Like come on, we not doing all that shit. Niggas might jump around star ball niggas now. If you had weapons. Yes. Yeah. Rope? Yes. Oh yeah, A rope. Who going tie the nigga? What you gonna do with the rope? Rope? Piss him on though.


Try to trick the nigga or some shit. Some old school shit. Said Bobby Johnson a gorilla. You think he don't got better balance than us? Choke him. They weren't listening to this lady. I'm gonna up the percentage I'm, I'm, I'm I give us now a 15% shot at winning. I do. What was it at before, nigga? Well, the first platoon go, I'm at the, I'm at the back Haws. Oh yeah. First y'all niggas gonna get, oh shit. Oh he just, Ricky just got his head ripped off. I'm at the back. Well you run from humans so shit, this ain't who, who this ain't who. I ain't gonna drop no names but yeah nigga ain't no human. Couple human niggas told me you ran off. Never. Probably in high school when I got, when you showed up to that school though? Yeah, when they got school.


I went to the back door. Jumped that van on you. Yeah, it was like alright, so you ran off. They had weapons. Okay. And I, I didn't run, I, I left, I walked fast. No brisk, brisk walk, running and finding another route to leave. It is two different things. Wait, think about it like running is you see me and I'm running from you finding a different route and not engaging. Yo, there's some niggas outside. I looked through the glass. Your question. Shit, lemme ask you a question. So if they'll see you running and ain't running the woods. Nigga in the woods and ear run out there. I had a car at that time I was out. Nigga you ran around the corner. You didn't I didn't have a car. I had a bus I got on the bus. Yeah nigga I got away before I come to the guerrilla fight.


If we really trying to hurt this thing, I'm gonna grow my fingernails and foul them. So I'm Wolverine. Okay. And that tough assr champion, you gonna do this and lose your hand and that skin when you get close enough to ji him. I will also sacrifice myself so that you guys have a better shot. Yeah, let ask you a question at getting away. I'll claw his eyes out. You got clothes on? Yeah. You got clothes on. What do you want clothes on? Yes. That nigga's going to grab that Balenciaga you got on. He went baggy shit too. And you wanna wear some baggy shit nigga. You know when you fight the nigga and they grab you a goose, you can't get away.


Once a nigga good hand, you on your own nigga sacrifice no. Sharpen your nails nigga sharpen your nail. Yo. And that nigga grab that fucking come on dog. You know a nigga grab your goose. It be, hey imagine is seen your like do you jump in if you see like, because I know something like fear kicks in if you see a man go through something dangerous right. With a gorilla. Not just in general. Like maybe he just being like super clear he's stuck under a car. So just something crazy shit going in like instinctively. Yeah. Adrenal and all that shit. You jumping in, you gonna get, you gonna jump in help. You gonna try to. Yeah. Okay. Same thing. If he's getting beat up by some by before he said no. Same thing. If he's getting beat up by like I say no too nigga, we don't need two two casualties.


You really gonna leave me there. My instincts is going to is humans get in the self preservation mode. If, if your instincts are kicking in, it ain't gonna be to rush and help this nigga. It is gonna be to protect yourself. All right, let, let's advance that. It's your child. Your child. Yeah exactly. Here. His child freeze because that's advancing child dead even faster. No Corey. Oh you talking about instincts kicking in. The instinct to protect your child kicks in for a lot of motherfuckers. Nah, that's why motherfuckers are run into the fucking, the place on fire and a nigga died trying to get a kid out. Don't listen to them freeze. You are right. I will give my life for my kids. Not saying you even trying to die.


Nigga take your glasses off. Take your shades. Say it again. No, this nigga's full of shit. Take your shades over. Say it again. Shit. Oh look, when you see a child, boom, he's dead now Corey, you do not have a microphone and it's for a reason. I've known you a long time and it's to protect you don't deserve everyone. Yes. You don't need to have a microphone. Yeah, no you can't get a microphone. Yes, I'm helping my man. That's like, that's like even if you see your men getting, because I, I watch a lot and you getting your life for your kids in a way that you want your man. No, I now podcast lie I No, no. Now, now hey I present to you audience, the podcast liars. Hey, what do you guys think of that? I watch a lot of, we do. What do you guys think of that one? You absolutely correct. Oh I watch a lot of videos of people getting jumped by like big niggas, like four or five of them.


And they people stand there. Oh yeah. Hold on. Some niggas stay. That's what he said. He's what? I said he your man go under a car or something like that. Do you go help? That's what he said. Yeah that's what he was talking about. When you, when you stand on the outside, I seen some niggas just stand on the outside and watch that nigga get beat up. And I see some people get hold on, try to cover them. Get fucked up too fucked Duck Roger, you better take it man. I help you mind nigga I help you. It was bad video. We both gonna ass whoop. But you gotta pay me though. After that I got a broken arm nigga. 'cause of you. Nigga. You gotta hold me down boy. Yo. We was talking about wait with Kanye and shit said text messages coming out. Yeah. So there was a whole thing on the internet because we know Coley Re is pregnant by Trippy Red.


Yes. Yes. And then it was like around her baby shower, he just out of nowhere posts some chick. Yeah. With the fat ass. Yeah. Yeah I, that shit was heavy. I that good knock. I was like, oh shit, I, I do the reverse. So sad. Yeah. So apparently the girl posts a text conversation between her and future. Oh that sounds like a bunch of messy shit. It it let's go. So he sends her a picture. So shaking my head. I hope you got that tattoo removed.


Embarrassing. You really a good girl Future says this future her reply. LOL. You're such a narcissist. You took back my watch. The AP shit. The ap. Yeah you know that's his thing. Come on. You can't keep the ap, you're not one of my girls no more. Yeah, she belonged to the streets. That's what he say. He said, she said there's nothing really to speak on. He replies, that's your nigga now. She said we talk, you come to Miami. Don't let me know. Huh? Who said that Future Yo. Hey hold on free, free. Hey, hey listen.


Yes, yes. Future took back his wa his watch not 'cause he's a nauseous because girl you fucking with trippy red's. That's how he say in this brain. That's not it. That's why he said his brain. That ain't, that's not It is. I feel that that's not it. Niggas be, when niggas with egos hate and shout to Trippy. That's the homie. He cool but he think, he probably think he, he fused Girl you, I gave you the a pistol and you at the trippy red nigga. He just got called to rape pregnant. Let me continue you the conversation. So he says you come to Miami, don't let me know. Huh? She said you have and she listed three girls and it said et cetera. I don't wanna be a part of that. His reply. You stupid to think that's not the case with any of these other niggas.


Ooh. Now, now speak the same thing. He yeah, I, I stand on that. If you see, listen, when you, what you standing on, let just say this frozen ice. When you find put say my name, that shit, lemme talk to y'all niggas. When you find a piece that is unknown and you lift them up, you a good girl nigga. You probably was in college. I caught you outside of the Georgia Tech nigga walking. Ooh fire. Ah. And you light them up. You expected some sort of allegiance. When it come with an AP bitch, sit your ass down. Shut up. When I'm ready to talk to you, I want you a part of the party. You are. This is how niggas stink. You are my property is what?


That's what, that's what it sound like. I stamp, I st I stamp you. Now you like cattle, now you go grind shit. Now you go now. Now during my stamping I might take a little break and you know what's she supposed to do? So once you, when you take a break, what's she supposed to do? Wait you just sit there? Right. Wait but she lit now. Yeah but you gotta lit of my sit there and be thoughtful. Huh? Sit there and be thoughtful ma. You got lit off my accord nigga. Okay. And then now nigga It is fault for being Red Bull. Yeah. Ooh. And then now you go to another joint and then you go to somewhere else. And in my mind, if I know that you going somewhere else and a nigga doing that because he just fucked with, he just cheated on it. He gotta baby his baby mother away nigga. Okay. So he could say that nigga. I mean that's nasty. But I I I know what he talking about.


I bet you do Rap Mo Johnson. Nah it's not Rap Mo Johnson. I understand what I'm saying. Listen, this is hate. That's all It is. So what hate life is for land bro. It ain't just hate. 'cause even before he bought the dudes in it, he was sounding borderline her muddy. When you find somebody you get hurt. It is. So you came to Miami, you ain't gonna hit me. Huh? Come on Ish. Which one is it? You play or you ain't? Ish. That's not how it works. All these niggas be lying in they raps. Hey I hate light-skinned, smooth niggas like you. You know how it work nigga. When you stumbled across a gold my hitting G You stumbled across about mistake nigga and clean them up. I put you somewhere where no one can find you. You see the picture Boy, come on. Stop it. Stop. Y'all don't wanna say the truth.


I know I sound like a beast in a, in a heath and not take that truth. Truth is sometimes when you, when you put work into something sometimes when you put work well you claim to be this nigga who keep it pee all the time. Well man I put work into it nigga. So which one is It? Is it uie while It is it one mics both. I keep it pee if you're not leaking my text messages. Exactly. You don't keep it pee. I am keeping it p No you're not. You being a fucking mic. What you saying in the text messages ain't p So before they even get leaked you wasn't keeping a p to her, to him to the world. I'm Pete. Hey Yeah. Soul niggas is out here. You got it bro. To the world. I'm Pete still. I know. And that just 'cause I was over there. That was future. That said yo, you in Miami, you ain't hit me and you ain't hit me.


Huh? Even before that sentence he said some other shit. Alright. No comment. What was the other shit? Nah, ran back. No comment. You niggas that talk like that, that's your nigga now that's your nigga. Now that It is a bunch of hate. It is a It is. It's a lot of, it's a bunch of hate in that. That hate is this really? Is this really from future? I mean that's a good question. I mean I don this don't sound like it don't, it don't sound like Pluto fam you. Yes it do. ITT sound like my guy. Yes it fucking does. It took my watch back and he said that's your nigga now. Well yeah if you, I I ain't gonna lie bro. I understand that. Oh so you, so you came out here and you ain't gonna speak no disrespect Ish. I'm not giving you a AP and you rocking this with another nigga.


Yo, gimme my shit back. Put that shit down. You ain't hit listen, listen to too fast. Put that shit down a little. Listen to future song too fast. Push that shit. Put that shit down. You really listen to that. It's, it sound like this nigga I low key may do what the nigga did with bought the fake league. I cashed out. I should have bought the lease. I was moving too fast. Oh shit. I ain't know you was moving like that. Like yo, you meeting these chicks if you this player, player nigga, you sound like you. Yeah I know what It is. I I do this. That ain't nothing. Why but why you mad when she start moving away nigga stick because you a player you can't want your shit back. Yo, them Princess Diana Diamonds respect. If you look, talk, talk, talk. The Princess Diana Diamonds ain't cheap. Why? I don't give a fuck none of this shit. Why niggas think that? Because you a player you can't want your shit back. You can nigga can I ask you a question? You can ask me whatever you want sir.


Define player. You get mad. Women, you get bitches, you got you doing your thing. You do what you want and you pay the cost to be the boss. Future puts up the front that none of these chicks mean shit to him and nothing matters to him. Don't matter. Some of them do when I give you a watch. But that's not why I don't tell y'all that. When I give you, when I don't say that I say it. All these chicks is just whatever, what It is I'm having fun nigga. It ain't nothing a pimp but behind the scenes a pimp act the way different a pimp act the way he act. Right. But when, when when the lights go out, nigga he's crying and shit like that for his holes. Nigga it happens bro. I'm tired of y'all niggas acting like players can't have feelings too. I'm tired of that shit. Sometimes you have feelings bro. Sometimes you get caught in the moment and you have feelings. Enough fuck wrong with y.


Why is that such a bad thing? What? To have feelings? Yeah. I don't know what these nigga, these niggas, niggas seem like because you a player you can't have feelings. You can player usually a man. Oh sitting Google who makes you feel special? He only make you yo dog. Yeah. Read. Yeah. Let's see what Google thinks Of player. No this is the urban dictionary. Oh Let's see what urban dictionary about Of player. Y'all general term for any guy that thinks he's the shit but really isn't. Yo, We typically date sweet, beautiful, nice girls than break up with them in dumb ways. For dumb reasons. Who wrote this? Yeah, this a her woman. Yeah. This is bullshit, right? Yeah. Yeah. This might be WW Kpia.


Yeah. This guy Wikipedia a person, especially a man who has multiple romantic or sexual relationships at the same time. It can also imply someone who is skilled at playing a game or more generally a person involved in important situation and activity. You have a fam niggas, traditionally the word player mean you get the game done with your mouth pause like you ain't spending money for the girl or to get the girl you are a player. So if you doing these things and you buying the watches and then when shorty do some other shit, you take your shit back. That's not player as an ex-player nigga didn't you feel away at certain things nigga? You admitted to your malfeasance nigga you felt the way I wasn't buying girls.


Mm. And I'm, I wasn't a player. The girls that I felt a a certain way about they was on my girlfriends. I'm not acting like I'm emotionless out here. I'm emotional. I'm not acting like I'm emotionless. Fuck you talking about these niggas. Persona is y'all. I don't give a fuck about no bitch. That's the, that's what we saying. Nah, we, if I hit you once you part of my collection, it's the same nigga. IIII hear you. I mean I'm I'm gonna ride with 'em now. Niggas, niggas, niggas. But you're not acting like that. We all acting like that. You part of our collection. No, you still our public image 57 Chevy up there. Don't Fuck that nigga. Get it over with. Yeah. Look to the second half a throwaway. We gotta say shit like that. I, I could go down the line of where future told y'all I'm this and then we see something different.


This ain't the first instance we gotta freeze. Well what was y'all, what was y'all behavior at a time when y'all wasn't keeping it pee? Oh, wasn't emo my girl. That nigga. Emotional nigga. No. Stop it. No emotional. You said what was my behavior when I wasn't keeping It is not, It is not. We not normally talking about your relationship. Right? Yeah. Not in your relationship. You not kicking. You mean like girls that I was just kicking it with? Yeah. The odds are are you acting like you what It is the odds. Odds are me acting like that are very, very slim. Oh, niggas get caught. Okay. But tell me about the slim part. I tell me about a time where I'm sure some where you got caught in the slim pickens of things to jog your memory.


I gotta get one off the top. Yeah, I gotta think about something. I know it's tough. It is happened. It is happened. I'm sure it might, you try to act like it's all good. It might have happened but how were y'all like when it happened is what I'm asking. I can't even remember. It happened. I wasn't bald over. I tell you. I'm sure I'm gonna, I just forgot. No, no. I can tell you I tried to front like I ain't nigga it's all good but no nigga you was tight. Well not you. I was tight. I was mad as fuck. And I know somebody I shouldn't be mad over 'cause I'm supposed to be keeping it. It is just, It is what It is. It's casual. Like how did you deal with that? Because there's no calendar for that friendship. Fuck it. What?


You don't deal with it good bro. You deal with it internally nigga. Okay. Hit that dumpster baby. That's it. I'll find some action Behind the Dumpster guys. This is the greatest show, but I'm tired of niggas front now. I'm just tired. I'm tired. Is you remembered yet or no? Probably not yet. Right? Yeah. I can't even think of a time that It is, It is tough. I'm saying I've dealt with a, a bunch of people so I'm sure I've been kicking it with somebody and acted downplay. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure. I just don't believe in about niggas. I don't know the, I can't think of the time. How about you answer it nigga? Alright. The aggression. Yeah. Good. How about you answer it? Alright, so you won't answer the question?


No, I don't know of anything off the top of my head bro. I would have to go and my Rolodex to see if that happened to me. I'm sure it did. I'm not saying that it didn't. But is your Rolodex here? No. Same. Oh, same s that at home Rolodex niggas is crazy. Put your Rolodex in the cloud because he be trying to stash all that super light skinned shit. I know. I'm the nigga that said I lost 30 pounds over a girl. When I talk my girlfriend, girlfriend, my girlfriend we talking about. Sure. You popping and you popped enough of them to have been heartbroken over one. That done been heartbroken if I had, you know what I'm saying? Like I said, yo, I had one. I was, it won't cut you off nigga.


You can't hit no more. You done. So nigga, I don't like the way you been treating me. It's inconsistent with how you was when I met you and you was sick. What was that super light-skinned behavior? I can't think of that. But how about you tell us yours? Mm. It's escaping me. Oh, I bad. It's escaping me. You good at escape the room. It's escaping me. It's cool. It's tough to remember. Tough to jog it. Bring it back. Such a rarity. Such a rarity time. Niggas is crazy here because he is saying that to me like I'm not well documented on camera. You could Google me like this. That's a fact. You YouTube, I'm out there. This ain't was s not your girl Mr.


Yes. Oh, I don't know that. Huh? You crazy. I don't know. That was, it was the best the fuck are you talking about? That's what you tight nigga. That's what got me mad because you should have been my girl. Fuck you doing? Are you running around with some nigga? What? Hey bitch, why you don't want to be my girl? Damn. Fuck wrong with you. Oh look, now my girl is hopping out the bushes with bats and shit is crazy shit man. Now what's say you like It is not a secret for me. I don I don't know that story. You could let the, the the people know she such a bomb. Shut up. I don't know what you're talking about. You always don't magically don't remember some shit when it come to you, nigga.


That's, that's my mo I You got an elephant memory. That's my mo But your memory is great. My memory is very good. Just not right now. I don't recall up that specific. You don't recall man, yo fam dog. I'm stop you Podding. You podding. Stop man. He don't recall man. Now you podding. Stop pointing at me. Yo. Leave my alone bro. You, you don't gotta do that my nigga. Oh damn. You don't have, you don't do that for me. Do that for you nigga. You don't gotta do that. It, it, it, it. I'm good. Still on your own Champs. Thank you sir. But then It is all anyway man. What else we got? What else needs our attention?


Huh? Huh? The P crew. The P crew. Hey, I gotta working the name. You gotta work on the name keep y'all, y'all wanna talk about this best friend lawsuit. Sure, let's do it. All right. So me St. Mary, right? Somebody wanna keeping it. P you can you leave Yost, you Capital P High school chick left it, left the game. Here they go. Here they go. Have the game with something else. Nigga. You suck on your lollipop by yourself, nigga. Yeah. Sit there married. So Thank you guys. Misa Hylton and Vato hit Mary j Barge with a $5 million lawsuit.


So Vato was signed to Misa as management. Okay. And signed to Mary as an artist. Okay, so the lawsuit claims that was or is is okay. So the lawsuit claims that Mary's label refused to release VA's album unless he fully cut ties with her with as, as Misa. They, that Mary was taking him on lavish trips, expensive gifts, all to try to lure him away from Misa and cut her out of her 20% of his earnings.


Hmm. So she wants 20% of the trips. This is a fishy thing. Well basically they prevent him from making money, right? Because we're not dropping your album. You're not dropping a single, you're not dropping anything as long as that's your management, which is, but what's the problem with the management? Does it say, doesn't say Gotta Hear both sides? No, I want to hear, I need to hear what the beef is with man. He signed, he signed with me. Just go to somebody and say fire your manager. I was about say, does it matter what the beef is? Yeah. Why, why you, why are you telling somebody to fire the manager? Yeah, I don't wanna say it don't matter. I don't wanna say why I'm the label if they say you can't do that. Yeah. I don't wanna say what the truth is. Yo, you can't do that in the music business.


Y'all don't wanna say the record label doesn't pick your, if your record label is telling you fire your manager, that has to be a reason. But now, but now he nailed them both. Like, period, nigga, like a car, like a carpenter. You nailed me. I've been giving you this. You got that manager chick get rid of her nigga or your album ain't coming out. And that, that, that's one in your hypothetical, in my hypothetical not facts in my mind that's one side saying that you clean up. Yeah, because I can be sued. So yeah, We can. But making certain statements as fact on, so what I'm saying is that, that's one side assumption. I'm assuming yo they're not letting my album come out as a result of the manager.


That ain't Mary saying why she ain't letting the album come out. Mary might have a whole different story as to why the album can't come out. I'm gonna read a little bit more. It says Vital signed with Misa Management on July 25th, 2023 and with Beautiful Life Productions on October 1st, 2023. Hold on. October. What and what October 1st, 2023. He signed with the label. July 25th, 2023 is when he signed with the management. Gotcha. After signing, he collaborated with Mary on the song, still Believe in Love, says he finished his album, smoked that song. Killed that he did. He finished his album in July of 2024. And according to private text messages, Blige allegedly refused to release it as long as he stayed with Misa Power Dynamics.


Oh, okay. So now Misa and Vato are suing Mary for $5 million in damages, which include breach of contract, emotional distress and interference with business relationships. Now I have yet to see Vado retweet this suit. So I'm gonna take your word for it. Yeah, she might have filed on his behalf. Yo, this is such a great, this is such a great funny topic that I can't be funny in me either. You can't, I Oh yeah, because you Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're done buddy. Yeah. Yep. Grammy nominated. Yeah, I'm on Mary's side. Me too. I'm on Mary's side. Sorry Big Mary. Sorry. Misa Power Dynamics work with me too and Parks.


We such bitches. Welcome. Hey. Turns out the powerful women get some of the same perks that powerful men Get. It wasn't never the gender, it's the power part. That's tricky. Mm. So all right. I just seen bottle two weeks ago. Boy. It took him about 45 minutes to know that I was standing in that corner watching him in the strip club. But I was, he was and he was lit. Oh that's my favorite thing to do. It is catch one of these rapping niggas while they lit and I'm standing in the corner just watching. That was a lot of fun. Just standing there watching. Yeah, he saw me 45 minutes later and gave me the biggest drunk hug he could possibly gimme. We just stood there and had a moment.


I wish I'd have known about this then I'd have asked him about it. It it'd been a different type of moment. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, that's, that's my man. But this makes a lot of sense. What y'all are saying. Oh Shit, my word That's Vato a couple of these nights I see him out be looking too good. Where's this? He he be looking like he's a hit out right now. Like some current shit. He'd be looking, looking like he on might be a Fetty WPP running. You'd be in your head like, hey Wait a second now. Oh shit. Hey Now I ain't no dummy but that nigga, look I seen that look like 20, 27,000.


Oh my god. Shout to bottle slu all parties to Mary too. Man. It is all in my mind and in my world man. I don, you know I go straight to perverted thoughts, you know? Excuse me. These niggas got a little scary. They scariness kind of scared me. Niggas being a little scary kind of scared me. So let me just be mindful to say, you know, I love everybody. Praise is up. I just know Mary and her sister so I just wanna tread carefully on the topic. I don't wanna get too crazy and have to see somebody and be like, what was that said? They still gonna say something if you, you allowed it somebody to say it. Well no. 'cause that's when I kicked my Coles back in, in front of a celebrity's face.


What would you say to me? Gotta gotta say what would you say about me? To her It is escaping me. No, no, no. What would you say don't act like that with that nigga. What would you say? Oh It is fuzzy. What Would you say about Oh you know JBP flip he oh shit. That's what he do. You know that's his bag. He, You know he said crazy shit you won call me on the phone and like apologized like yo, I was just joking. It is all jokes just parting. Well you just did it right there. Preemptive apology. Yeah, I doing that 'cause y niggas is scary. Yeah. Yeah. They admitted that. Yeah, I was gonna hit you bottom seed. Take that ball out boy. I got, I got a show to go to Nigga and bottom my me I with him but, Oh yeah.


What's up with Danny man? You talking to me? Yeah. Yeah. What? Which one? Mark Marcus. It is Danny. He cool. Danny was not Danny. He still on it. You speak to you. Did he, did he speak to you after we talked about him on the pod Ish? Y'all heard that shit on the I said he was laughing. Nah, I ain't say nothing to me about it. I spoke to him yesterday but he ain't say nothing to me about it. Mm. You think he's looking for me over what? I said I have no idea. He didn't speak to me about it. Would you have called Joe on three way so you didn't, you didn't gauge it for me. Like gage the threat level for me. He didn't speak to me about that. We talked about that. So the threat level could be high and you ain't check it out.


Could be. What'd you say wrong? You don't care. What'd you say? Wrong? I mean that's, you was supposed to find out what, if it wasn't nothing wrong then I'll find out. He might even hear the pod. But when he threw that you heard it? He be behind on the pod? No. You heard it? Oh. So what's the threat level? Nothing. That's your man. You, you know he heard it. Hmm? You know he heard it. Oh yeah. O told who O and o said the old gauge threat level. Nah, I would expect that. Oh I'd expect that of you. Why that nigga? Immature. Come on man. Because you never kept it godda. You didn't keep it pee when the bitches dubbed you. Oh man. What bitches dubbed me. Oh not your, I've been dubbed before but not your girlfriend.


Okay. What's your point? You didn't remember earlier? Okay. I stop. I remember you remember me doing some, you I remember nine p shit. Yeah, let, let, let the world hear. I love you. No, you're a rapper. You can make up something. Wouldn't do it. Yeah, I know. I wouldn't do that to you. I bet the fuck outta here. You know other time. Go ahead let the world know. I love to hear this story. Yo. I only do it 'cause he don't know how to play it. So I just, I'm sitting here. I want, I want hear this song. I want to hear what the story story did good this time. Nah, what else we got? What else we got that's out there that's important. You said Stephen a is dead ass with this president shit and now has Donald Trump endorsing him on some little shit I seen earlier.


Like he's dead ass. It ain't a joke about this president about, I don't know about running but why would Donald milking the idea Trump of him running? He's dead ass mad. That would Trump be endorsing him because Trump saying well ain't gonna be no more president. I Don Trump are not friends. I don't know that they're not friends but they wouldn't be friends if Trump wants to be president still all of that's cool. But we in 2025 if we friends ano a new election is 2029, right? 2028. Eight. Yeah. 2028. If we're friends and you on the show and they call me and ask about, 'cause that's what happened in the clip. Stephen a was on the show. The host called Donald Trump and said, Hey Stephen, a might be running.


And then Donald Trump was on the spot and gave an answer to somebody who may be his friend. That's not the time where you're gonna start your campaign. Like he was pretty cool about it. Which was, I fuck with Steve. I hope he runs, he's a good friend of mine. He's got a good heart. Like he gave him a a pretty glowing endorsement, huh? If we friends, yeah, shit was, I already know. Ain't gonna be no more election for what I'm trying to do. But if you can milk this and make some money off of it or some promo, run, whatever have had it. And if we friends and I know that you running against me is gonna guarantee me a win and why wouldn't I soup you up and that I'm not saying break the case with them two, but why wouldn't I gas that Fair? That's a good point.


All this shit bro. I don't care what y'all looking at. I just can't believe that Stephen a is dead ass about continuing the, I don't wanna call it a smoke screen 'cause it might be for real. I was about to say and he might look at it like if that motherfucker could win, I got shot. You know what's funny man? When, when I was five and six and seven like yep, your, your parents raising you To aspire to be president is like a thing. Right? Like niggas wanted to be the president. That, that was like a top dream gig if you was a kid and ka Katrina. Oh I could be the president one day, put us on a little Wheaties box or whatever the fuck they was doing.


Niggas just said that today if I hear somebody say that like Steven ain't wanna be president, I just don't see how that's so such a desirable gig today. See I see the opposite. When we was little you could say it just, it was just something cool to say. Like that's how I treated that. A lot of people I know anyway, like niggas ain't really think they could be president. It wasn't really, we didn't even think a black person could be president when we was little We would just hear it. Yeah. Yeah. I might be president one day. It wasn't until we saw Barack, it was like, oh shit. Like a nigga could win this spot. Ooh, if Steven ain't just signed a hundred million dollars deal, the last thing on my brain would be tied down in some fucking W White house pulling my hair out over some public policy.


Know what public true and he single, I think Know what type of public policy I be trying to do. You be keeping it pee, right and deep nigga I'm going to DC for another reason. Fuck I you such a perfect Fuck outta here man. Bad dumpsters in dc. You know what You crazy nigga. A lot that sounds like headache. It doest sound like headache. Especially today. Yeah. What? And let's, let's just say I'm coming in after this. Oh yeah. That's Even more of a headache. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good point. Hell no. How old do your kids need to be today when you expect to hear a realistic answer to what you wanna be when you grow up?


16, 15? Yeah, I was 15, 16. No actually 20. No I think teenager because at least by then once you hit high school, you at the point where now you start to think about what's after that in terms of you know, going to school or so like now it's time to get on that path. When do you expect your kid to start that exploration? 22. Not be near, not be near the right answer but start thinking about 20 something y'all. Because dog nowadays, niggas, I don't believe him. I don't think nowadays kids is going to college and people be going to college majoring an X, they can't even get they major. Right? Right. People be switch people switch their majors in college. Yeah. But that happens because of a couple reasons.


One of them could be like, like what I went to school for. Then you realize, okay, getting in that field might be a little harder. What did you go school? We don't What did you go to school for? Computer science. Got it. Okay. Get like you getting in survival mode. Getting a job in that field is a little bit, It is not guaranteed right out the gate. Something over here might be a little bit easier or a trade might be faster. Like again, 'cause your bill, you start the bills and shit, I need, I need money. So people switch their majors for those reasons. People switch their majors because they can't afford this no more. Or people be switching their, especially in computer science 'cause that shit started kicking they ass and they can't navigate them. Maths and all that other shit too. And start switching.


Realize how hard some should be. I was an electrical engineering major so a lot of the c the computer science majors were engineering majors in my school. They didn't need a couple of the maths. Like you ain't need calc three, you ain't need linear algebra differential. Nigga like, man, Fuck that shit. I'm gonna computer science. It is easier. So what, when you say realistically thinking what you wanna do for the rest of your life. I think that started at about 20. I think it's just, I think the, the, the start of what you want to do is, like I said about sophomore, at least freshman, sophomore year of high school, you start to think about it for real. Now you can pivot and realize, okay, maybe that's not real, that's not gonna happen.


Or it's a little harder than I thought. Shit like that and go other directions. But to actually start thinking about It is high school for me. Mm. Y'all smoked that answer for me? Oh god bro. When you was in high school, you knew you wanted, oh you had an idea what? You had to be in high school? Hell no. In 10th grade. Right. You didn't go to high school? Hell no. Huh. Oh shit. You went to 10th grade? Yo. What'd he say? He said you didn't even go to high school. Yo. What'd you say? Big Heyman. You good? Yo, I don't know what he's talking, he was to high school like North Carolina I think is what? Yes, I went to 10th grade Dick. The south salute 10th grade was where I figured out I didn't have time for this shit. Got the fuck outta there. Boy. You shouldn't be start to realize and start thinking about, yo, I don't wanna do this.


It is the path I wanna go. 10th grade got outta there. Whether it be good or bad, that's when The thoughts start kicking in. And yo It is so crazy that these days I could hear kids saying that school isn't for me. But when we were younger, that wasn't even an option in certain households. Nigga you couldn't tell. Like when I hear these little niggas, somebody oh, school is not for me. They got more information then. Or college isn't for me. I don't think I'm that information nigga. That wasn't an option. But that ain't an option in some households today, nigga you had to go to school nigga. Like parents from overseas and shit. More parents that, that got college educated mothers and fathers. They look at education like It is the yeah. Thing that set us free. So a lot of people are real, real, real advocates for formal education.


I agree. It just depends on they didn't what your household. Some households don't give a, they didn't even give a fuck what you went for. You college. Yeah, you going to college, that's it. You can major in gym nigga you can major in. You are going to college, whatever. Figure it out. Yeah. But you going to college like you are a failure if you don't go to college. That's how I was looked at. That's true. There was no route to succeeding in life if you did not go to college. And now the kids today know that. That's not the truth. I don't like it. I Love it. It all goes down to more information. That sound. You good? I'm great. I'm waiting for y'all to get outta your college bag. I Oh no, I don you out of it. What fuck you want me to say in college? Nah, nah. I just like you was staring off when Trey was picking a major, you you, y'all had a conversation about what his major should be.


No. But did you tell him he had to go to college? Was that, are you I don't think Joe would do that. Oh, you, you're not. Okay. No, but if he didn't go to college, you would have to get a job to you as well. Like you would tell him, if you're not going to college, are you one of those parents that if you don't go to college, you gotta get a job. That would be my advice. Gotta be something like, no, I'm not going force you to follow that because at some point kids are responsible for what happens in their lives. Yeah. Like parents could do whatever they, whatever they can to try to protect him, but at some point it falls on the kid and the kid has to beard the, the results of his responsibilities and his decisions. So yeah, if you leave college, you should get a job.


In the event that you leave college and don't get a job, you will be introduced to a life where you left college and don't have a job. Shit gonna be up. Got it. My advice is always, I I've, I've told all of my little cousins this and my little brother like your dog. If you don't know for sure what you wanna major in, like for sure. Even if it changes. If you don't know for sure don't even do it. But at least get a trade go to. I always, I I'm a very big advocate of trade school. Pick up a trade so that no matter where you go, at least you have that skill. Feed yourself. You can feed yourself. My little, my my younger brother, I, I helped him go through HVAC school. He got his own company out in my, out in Miami right now doing hvac.


Never went to college. No debt. You get a, a better ru a better head start than a lot of people who go spend all these years in college and walk out with debt and don't know what the fuck you wanna be. That's not as facts. Yo. Ice cousin clean out the HVAC nigga. Yeah nigga, get your ass nigga. Hey. He says brother, get your ass dump to that attic boy. Nigga that motherfucker. Come on, let me walk you back here, show you where the problem lies. Cool. Be glad to walk back there too. Clear it up. Yep. Come on. Clean it. Come on. Do the shit, idiot. Get the get the back yo. Get that long fucking little stick. Pull that shit out.


Niggas be stressed when that HVAC shit bro. Nigga shut up nigga. Talking about niggas family and guess what? And guess what, guess who you gotta call? No, I'm being furious. No, I know It is funny but serious. But niggas come pull they yo, whatever It is. And they charge you out the ass. The hottest day 1 0 3? Yes sir. That'll be 7,000. Oh you need me to come out right now? Yeah, 7,000. Oh, that's express, that's express cost. Like Oh you, you finished in an hour? Yeah, yeah, yeah but I had to but the about to trigger him this shit. Oh yeah. Went up. Yeah. Nah, he was tight. I remember came in, he was sick. He came in here like, wait what? He nigga started blaming the old nigga that lived there. He he left me with a bill own the home.


Own your place. They said what the fuck. Yeah. Nigga Joe was bugged out. Yeah that HVAC shit. He gave me a fucking layaway plan as a option. That's how you know that shit was tough. He said yeah, you can pay this monthly install. Wait, hold up. Huh? You don't get the fuck out my face. Yeah, but they gave you the top. You got you at the top. You said you you top shit. It sounds like the Rose Royces of that shit. Yeah. I forgot the name of it. I forgot. Yeah. Carrier train but yeah, carrier or train as you got your career bro. Nah, yo. You got to, I'm such a bitch. You gotta see me in the house with, with the ac on AC on a GUL 68 'cause it's been nice out.


And then the sun come down and you in there windy de style you in there. Your winy de that's in blanket. Yo. Yo. Get cold. Get cold quick. I did that shit so NiPy. Fuck that. I did that shit the other night. You yourself? My girl looked at me like yo. I was like yo, you ain't cold yo. A man by himself in the house shouldn't get goosebumps. Yo. Turn the heat. Go turn the fucking Oh shit. Shit. Yo. What when that, when that, when that, that kick? What? Or you put the heat on in your shit but you forgot the to do the one out there as you walk on the living room go downstairs and be brick.


What a bitch. What a bitch be cold as shit no more. All that tough shit go out the window, boy does. Oh my god. That's 69. Oh. Out the shower too now. Oh. I don't dog my girl be hot because I turn that bitch on hell before I get in the shower and I'll forget. Don't let me be running late to the pot. I leave that shit on my girlfriend house like it's hot as hell. I'll be like, oh my bad, I'm not getting out no cold shower. Stepping into no cold ass room. What? He's such a fucking crazy bougie as hell. Hell crazy. Fuck that. No. Yeah, I'm with you nigga. Crazy as hell nigga. It be freezing. You get out that shower?


No nigga. I turn that you dry off in the shower or outside the shower outside. It depends. I do it. I'm about to say most times though outside. I grab in the shower in. I used to do it in the shower. I grabbed the shit off. I dry outside the shower too. In the shower. Nigga dry off. Step out. That's bad that No it's just funny. I dry off outside the shower nigga. Okay. Why looking at me like that? No, I wanted to see what the significance was like. Nothing. Just profile building because you got that big ass shower with the fucking, the blow dry attached. There's something to be said for niggas that's stand in the shower and grab the towel and dry off inside the shower versus outside the shower.


What's to be said? I don't know. Will you? We could choose to do it here then There. That's it. Will you dry off that nigga with the towel outside the shower. Oh all right. Yeah, in the shower. I give him a little doggy drink in the shower. I give him a low. Yeah, take on the water down. Yeah I did that. But you don't but you don't use washcloths neither. Who? Don't use washcloth? I got the thing that's so crazy. Oh yeah I got, I about, oh shit. Watch like the washcloth in the hitting the credit card shit. Nofo.


The lofa and I got a glove. The G gloves, shit gloves hitting the credit card. My wife use that glove. I love GII got the glove shit too. I scrubby on it. Yeah It is Exfo gloves. You use wash glove still even though you're headless? Yeah I use a washcloth. He's not headless nigga. What the in the places that count. Oh God. That's the only place that count mean. Those are pretty important places in the show. Right. Yo, shut up man. Damn son. I'm done. Then the nigga use cloths. Niggas use like good people should yo, what color is your It is your white. What Your washcloth nigga. I got linen. I'm just asking do you use white?


The white joints. What? Talking about I'm not dissing you. I'm not. No, I don't have a color. I got mad towels. A washcloth in my Do you have a white washcloth and do you look at it after you like, oh damn nigga dur. Like nigga shit. Light gray shit. Shit light gray gotta scrub that shit off and do it again. Where did you get your washcloth from? Yo, it depends. A lot of places. Home Goods. But recently I ordered a bunch from Ralph Lauren. Ooh, okay. My peoples work for Ralph One. Get to that bread, spank it for the cheap man. Oh what cheap My peoples work for Ralph one. Yeah, but that's not But you, it still cause they had that double double sell so you get busy.


Mm. Good quality. Right. Like they cool like triple cotton. You know you get shit like that. Yo. You know I got Triple Co. These niggas triple, triple do bullshit. I stapled the two rags together. So I'm gonna put my hand in the middle. It goes like this. That's my glove. It do bullshit. That's my glove stop. You gotta grow up. I don't know. You gotta grow up yo. Like you just be trying shit nigga. Like just get regular rags. They are regular rags. Alright. I don't think there's nothing else that I need to get to that's, that's important on here. Home Goods. Let's see. Kanye is gay. You said Abdul Carter with lt. I just thought that that was Abdu. Carter asked, asked l Lawrence Taylor if he could wear his jersey number number Philly, no.


Fuck no. We can't say fuck no anymore. Yes we can. Ever since Malik Malik neighbors asked the Giants to unretire a number and they unretire the number. So people is is thinking that they can get off. Astronomical asks what number he asked on on Retire. Whose was it? I think it was the first ever retired number talking about, see how you said I think it was and all of that. I wasn't alive in the fifties. I under but that's not my point. My point is this is Lawrence Taylor. It's a little different. No, the Giants had never unretired a number. They had never done it. I'm just saying that at the time was an astronomical ask and it got done. Lawrence Taylor to your point is Lawrence Taylor, Abdu Carter.


No matter what type of prospect he is, I thought it took some gall to ask. Even ask. He don't know about Lawrence. Taylor even ask. But anyway, Lawrence Taylor told him to fuck off and to find another number. Make it his own. Make them retire your number. Yeah. Which was great advice. But I just wanted to ask y'all what y'all thought about after Carter presented presenting that as to Lawrence Taylor I think It is a different, a closed mouth don't get fed. But on the B you should different type be hungry nigga I a different type of, you shouldn't even want that type of pressure on you. Word. Like cd Lamb got Michael Irving's number but Michael Irving gave it to him. You know what I'm saying? Like Michael Irvin was like, yo, I'm do me proud. You know what I'm saying?


And gave his shit to him. But a pass down number to to for you to. And Michael Irvin, drew Pearson had it. Right. So, but for you to go ask Lawrence Taylor can I weigh your shit? It's a different type of arrogance my nigga. Or respect It is cannabis. LL again. Yeah. Oh yeah. Lawrence said said no. Yes. Lawrence Taylor said no. Say get so did the oil. Get your young ass outta here. Exactly. Get the fuck outta move. Yeah. Listen, I hope Abdu Carter has a great career of course for the Giants and ballsy move there. But gotta respect either not for nothing.


Even the Ask now puts pressure on you. 'cause now it's in the media. Yep. So now it's either gonna be C that's why you ain't, you ain't deserve that number anyway. Or the other side. I wouldn't trying to win a number of, one of the greatest fucking players to ever play. Especially in my position. I'm not. It's just unnecessary pressure. Just go out, ball out, whatever number you get. Like I said, do your thing to the point where down the line they looking to retire. Your number go Giants. Man. I hope we win a good four games this year. Four games. Watch. They gonna piss you. This is my last tank year. Watch who taking this is my last, this is my last tank year. Who you taking It for? Huh? Who you taking it for?


Actually ain't coming out this year on time. Actually in some of the mock drafts that have the Giants with the number one pick next year, it has them taking old linemen. Not Archie. They have Archie going number two and the Giants taking some offensive linemen. Arch. Damn. Huh? Arch. Arch. I don't think Archie's coming up. I don't think Shit. Why would he? Huh? Why would he? A lot of these dudes picking Ls going to the first round. He should Be eligible. Big, big Ls. Yeah. Nah. Next year It is supposed to be a deep quarterback draft. It is. There's a Bunch of Yeah. But a lot of these niggas is making a lot of money now. These dudes is making $10 million. Dude, I'm making a lot of money in the comfort of my college dorm.


Living like a fucking king. That money pales in comparison to what you could make as the number one pick The the which you have to believe you're in a running for as a manning. My last name is Manning. I might not need the money. Well I don't 'cause my last name is Manning but it's legacy. True. So I'm gonna, I'll get there when I get there. Yeah. That legacy will be there. I'll get there when I get there. Alright. He got, He got unseated this year. He's, he is gonna need some time to develop. What year is he in? This'll be like, Ain't this the junior year? Yeah. I think he'd be going into his junior Year. Which is how he would be eligible. I'm freestyling right now. No, but I, they changed it. Somebody could just fact check it. Real. I don Google because I think I thought you already gotta do one year.


You gotta be a certain age, right? I'm not sure. I don't think you gotta be a junior to go into the draft no more. I don't know. I have no idea. I don't think so. Again, don't quote me. I think he started the year and then Quentin ERs took his or Quentin ERs took his job to be Eligible for the NFL draft. A player must generally meet, he's not right. Two main requirements. They must be three years removed from their high school graduation year and they must have exhausted their college eligibility. So that's Junior. Junior? Yeah. It's junior. Junior. Junior. It's junior. What else? What else, what else? What else is there important? Unimportant that we have to get off our hearts, minds, soul, spirits. What else? There's a fight going on in Times Square tonight. I'm assuming nobody will be there from this podcast.


Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I thought the show was tomorrow. They gave me the shit and I'm like oh nah I can't make it tonight. Okay. We're not going on any fights. Anybody else doing something fun this weekend? Yeah you know there was a flip the network shit in Philly. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. You got another room? Nah, nah, just house. Those are people together and shit. And filming it. See how it goes. Okay. Oh you blowing up Ish. You went from the room to the house Ish. She told Ish Ice freeze. Nah, it's a quiet weekend coming and not come to your crib. Working like crazy. You said you working coming to your crib on Monday? Yeah, I started off a project. Put the, alright, you're more than welcome. Thank you.


What you working on? Me? Yeah. I just started a project. So it's getting it off the ground. It's a building. Nah, a house. Put the muffins back together. Put what? The mafia back there. What you say? The muffins. We gotta rebuild. We gotta rebuild the muffin shop. See boy ej, he about be funny ej, he can't get that hammer. We know you could, we know you fix houses but you fix stoves. Stupid nigga. Stop. Stop nigga low yo. All let this. I don't get it. You do get it. It stops it. You get it? He saying them up and shop out business right now.


No, it's not outta business right now. We got, come on renovation. That type of shit. You really, somebody else making it. You reallyt be getting it. That's your, that's your thing under the management. Get it. Oh shit. Nah yo. That that's yo stop. You heard 'em? No listen nigga boy I'm leaving. But the AI Ish look clothes. Fuck AI Ish. Ah, fun crew we got here today. Don't do that. Those my man. Oh fun crew we got here today. I got something you've been sleeping on.


I promise. I promise I do. Is there anything else we need to get off? Our spirits pop Is moving away from head coach to vice president or president of basketball operations, something like that. Popovic? Yeah. Good, good, good. Congratulations. We love Popovich. Hope he's well. Yes and yeah, get from in front of the scenes enough now. Yeah, yeah. Enough now health comes first. Facts, health comes first. What else? What else? What else, what else, what else? Shit. Jury selection begins Monday for Puffy. For puff? Yeah. Wow. And they expect an opening, opening arguments the following Monday. I'm surprised that they, they can get a jury picked in a week.


This is fast. This is fast. That fucked me up. They like, they giving it a week for jury selection on a trial this big. I don't know. Yeah, that is gonna start this month. That's about to just, that's just about to start that shit. Shit's about to be in the tailspin. Yeah, It is. Yeah. Shit's getting ready to get nasty. Alright, well we'll keep you posted on that front as well. All right. I don't have nothing else. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't. What, what are we sleeping on? What are we sleeping on? What are we sleeping on today? What you got for us?


Oh yeah, my man. Put something out my man. RAAHiiM put out something like to hear here. Go. This record is called Just Like Me by Ryan. Yeah.


I don I don Brand new music from Raheem.


Shout to Raheem friend of the show. That record is called Just Like Me, available on your phone and on DSPs right this very second. That's tough. That was tough. Thank you. I I I told y'all during the earlier during the show, I'm playing to sleep off this banks album. All or nothing. Three DESPITE MY MISTAKES. This is a really, really, really good banks project. Shouts to him again. This record is called ENDANGERED INNOCENCE and it features Ghostface Killah. That's my shit. Let's go Nicholas Craven. What up the way this beat just came on. I was like I was gonna shit.


So This is what I needed. Word. Oh, Sometimes I laugh and cry when thinking about my days as a kid. Highlights was watching TV shows and music played in the crib. It shook my mind up morning. So train. We did the lineup. Used to forward the game from my cousin. What I could find him grew up in my grandma house was the kind with the open. Had to appreciate still open for more Cortez in Adidas. Reeb, I love my sneakers. Butter with the collar fur. Watch how I freak this gotta meek it out the bottom because shit with all these speeches got me questioning if change gonna come even reach this hold up. Shout out my teachers that actually taught something. All influential artists that had my my walk bump nigga to have it. Prodigy changed my life.


Es made me nice. That's Snoop Doggy style was worth the price. Now I feel like I gotta study shit. I'm a, I wouldn't change. Everything we went through made me who I am now. One and the same kids Every Day's a struggle while the bullshit pals I got make it people depending on me. Gotta make them more proud. Put me in any ghetto. Wobbling in with the crowd. Money's calling my name right now. And yo younger days clicking burning wools and staircases. Bloody robberies with the bare faces. Carnation, no over corn flakes. Mamas struggling plastic bolts. Holy yeah he on a hard plate.


Wore down mattresses. Fell on good times, hours younger than Penny. When I thought of these hug rounds, we was hyper thug. Swat and smashed. No lightning. Well most left the concrete green. We never seen they blood. Nah. Simple shoulder could use a hug. My PCP days when I seen was Blood Staten Island novels. Shootouts. My rivals avenge my man's death murdered in red. Wallows. Damn my rub cube got stuck. Never cracked the hole. At the age of 25 under massive go big braces, four fingers ferocious. So heavy. Of course I One same kids every day's a struggle while the bullshit pals I gotta make it.


People depending on me. Gotta make them more proud. Put me in any ghetto. Wobbling in with the crowd. Money's calling my name right now. Yo one in the million. Get it out and still get shot. Trying to keep it real and come back. Show some love to the block. I got my first sniffle some weed about my mom's first music. They tapping tables in the lunchroom. Wrote my first verse to it. Became a man the perfect summer day right there around the way to say that I was nervous would being statement I prayed. Don't leave me hanging as cold as went by and my voice changing. Look around they my chest out now my temperatures because he filled it with Jim. I got some new outfits for school. I'm about to kill him again. My pop was fucking up. No telling where the crook might been. Got my ass whoop couple times just 'cause I look like him.


Next time I will see his face was on the visitor floor. Correctional facilities here and there. I'm back and forth in our pursuit to happiness. We end up around DC I'm just happy to be there with him all times and shit. Me, I wouldn't shit. Everything we went through made me who I'm now one the same kids every day's a struggle while the bullshit pals I got. And again that record is ENDANGERED INNOCENCE Lloyd Banks featuring Ghostface Killah off of a ON three.


DESPITE MY MISTAKES in your phones on DSPs. All of that shit today. Shouts to banks again. Really, really, really, really good project. I loved it. I loved it. That was my shit. I'm gonna play the Gun and Doechii Egypt Remix. Love said. Here we go 100%. You know, recently I've been into a lot of MF Doom. Okay, rest in peace. Yep. I've been into a lot of MF Doom. Westside Gunn love him. He's so talented. Super, so incredible, so incredible, so incredible. So Hey yo, I was just Chilling.


But the tennis steel 40 Tuck Scorp hit the second cut. Like watch trenches.


See the nipples through my shirt. My daisy Dukes probably drag a nigga through the G like opponents Mama hit the nigga hear Smith. We on the clock. Double Cs on the first and the best 500 threat count. Almost choked on my grills trying to eat the lamb. Chop swallow two pills hit the Grammy and my T took a PJ to see West Niggas came Me came about the mud. You ain't s snuck to the top. Princess S cool.


My niggas don't point shoes. Feel Like the underdog. I feel like the underdog and I just feel like stop playing with me playing. That's Egypt Remix Westside Gunn Doshi. She absolutely smoked that. Yeah, I was gonna play that. She really like stepped into his bag and ran with it. That was super fire. Salute to the both of them. I'm going to Isaiah Falls. The song is TAKE A HIT It Three Little, she tried to show me.


I follow. Just tell me your need. You fallen in love on me. I don leave girl, you know what you're doing to me. Way you keep on talking. So nasty. You in control. Laid up on my baby. That's when she said she, she tried to show me.


If you Let is TAKE A HIT by Isaiah Falls. That shit is tough. Shout to Isaiah Falls. We have a special, special sleeper today. A rarity, a once in a lifetime event. So my sleeper is from a guy named Jay Dawn to I'll be good. Let's hear it. JO said it to me.


Sorry to Okay. Can't tell you. Sorry. Can't say bad. Ain't No excuse. I don call you bad won't You?


Saying You just got money. The fuck outta here That just restart. Oh yeah.


Reminisce. Last thing I wanna have is me trying to double back some memories. You right now, I don't wanna think about something wrong. Make you cry. I know that You heard Promise Show Much That I shot. Just restart.


You want promise? Perfect world. Thank you that you, I show you how much that I just restart in.


That is Jay Don or Imani? I'll be good. That was dope. You got Imani the fuck outta here. It was that quick. It was definitely Jay Don. Yeah that was J Don. You right, You right Imani took his hat off. That was Jay Don. That's La Re's Act. Oh bro. Yeah. RB legend. That's LA Reeses. One of the songs about her three is Fire. Wait, what? Oh my Fault. Thought that was songs about her three Go. Is that, is that the name of Jay Don's project? It should be. It could be. He should name it that now. Yeah. No that's true. That's a fact. Oh man. Yep. Good show guys. Yeah man.


Thank you. Good show. That's fun. That's fun. Songs about her 17 There You Okay? Weekend plans. Weekend plans. Weekend plans. Anybody? It is raining man. I'm in the studio. Fuck that. Hey That bullshit studio for Parks. We say ah Ish. It's gonna rain for like Six days. Six Days. That's why I got than done. More than that. Yeah. Dirty Ass is in the house and I just got detailed, went and got the whip detailed. I was tight when I saw that. Some bullshit.


Rain, rain, rain straight through. So y'all have no plans? Nah, nah. I'm going on the rain and stop. Do some shit with the kids. We going to this hate to get your hair wet. Oh Right. That's particularly funny in this room. Fucking Bitches. Oh man. Listen, keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time we bid. You would do farewell. Adio, sirva, Doechii, OTA arvo. So long ab about a simple head knob will suffice. Ego. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments past. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have a and lastly, but certainly not least, the baddies are insecure.


The stagnant women want to travel in a closed minded women want you to teach some things. Grab you with Tylenol, you might need it. You know what I mean? You see me outside this week and don't be afraid to wave. Hi man. Salute. Salute. Unless you see me by the dumpster. And Then yeah, then keep going Then keep going. You Didn't even see me. You Didn't see shit. Mind your business. These are 40 and 50 year olds condoning this dumpster activity that they're so proud of. They want to bring it back at the end too. If you see me by the dumpster, yo, call the police. Yo. I'll be dumb before they get there. If you see these nigga by the dumpster, please call the police. Give us some pure up way Before they get there. So he call him, he said get Some Purell. Gimme some pll.


Fucking buy no dumpster. Nigga flip. What's up? You headed to Philly right? I am. Hey Did Mark give you a pass? Mark? Mark? Yeah, I about to say you good check. Yeah, mark gave a pass. Yeah. Oh yeah. I want you to go down there and have no problem. Permission slip. Yeah, mark gave me a pass, you know. Good shit Mark. I'm going going to check his store. Check his bookstore out too. I don't know about that. You, you gotta go check in. I gotta check in and just support. That's what it's called. That's what niggas do. Right? When nigga niggas support. When niggas go to another nigga city, they just try to support and shit they never supported before. They ain't trying to support bookstore. They Better take their Ass to this book store Mark. They want a nice smooth time. Y'all got the memoirs of Flip in there?


Nah, nah. See y'all gotta work that out. That synergy he was Talking about earlier in the pod. You know what I mean? Can't wait. The Joe Book come out nigga you got a book out, his second book, his autobiography, my name better be all in that shit nigga. It's not. It's not. And then I met Flip DN anyway. It's not, it's not in there and on the pages that it was, I scribbled over it. God scribbled right over that damn boy. Damn. Sorry man. Cold World gotta keep, keep feet though. Listen man. Alright. This was fun man. What am I doing this weekend? Yeah, what Doing? Acting bad. Oh okay. Uhoh acting bad.


I mean I ain't doing shit. If you outside, you know what I mean? Shot call you. Yeah, if I'm outside I will look at you nigga. Y'all nigga. What was up? What? What's up? What you mean? Nothing nigga. The man said call me yo. Y'all hold it down. Y'all hold it down. Remember Tupac kids. If no one else kids, we absolutely love you. Thank you for being here. You could have been anywhere else in the world. Oh shit. What? You here with us? We absolutely love that man. We gone Daddy.


You've never heard of Joe Bud. You, you, you've never heard of Joe Bud. J-B-P-J-B-P-P without the jbp. We got him. We fucking got him. Oh my God. Oh.