
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. I see what you're doing. Making a lot of money. What did you put that out too? Why does he know?


'cause he's intuitive. Bullshit. What Bullshit Is it Out? Are we recording? Yes. Oh, It is out. What are you looking at me for? Didn didn't talk to him. Hmm? I didn't talk to him about nothing. I mean, I only said throughout the whole piece, Hey, I'm putting this out. I didn't know what came up throughout the entire, I'm sitting here saying that y'all, I'm putting this out. I did not. I did not. He said it a hundred times. I literally, why did everybody hear that? And I didn't? Because you were in the midst of he says that shit. But he was like, yo, I'm telling y'all I'm putting this out. Maybe, maybe it was because I was like in an, an extreme emotional distress.


I Didn and so was the other party. So we were not focused on that. Yo. But when that, That possibly could be the reason he said, I'm not gonna Lie. Audience welcome. He didn't say it official. Welcome. Welcome. First of all, we are so happy to have you. Please take your shoes off at the door. Get comfy. Me casa You casa Sue nigga and Sue Casa and free Sue. God damnit. And shout out to Sues from back in the day. Anyway, hate to open up with internal beef, but as many of you predicted this week, it's begun.


Oh yes. There's a lot of, help me with strife coming from the right. But the Republicans did the right physically, the right, the right, the right, the right they the right look, the right here. It seemed like you just treated us how you wanted to, so this is homie court. Oh shit. And that's when it get there. When you beefing with your girl about, who watched the vision, she say something like that. It just seems like for the last eight months you been disconnected. That's like, shit. Wait, what? How did I get here? You tricked me. A nigga compared you to, You know what I mean? I know. I heard him. Oh shit.


My, my guy turning on me now. So I Oh, just said this. Listen, you hear? Yeah man, listen. So we open with a brief homie court And I guess that's me. Yes. Yeah. You wanna start first? Ma'am? You got two cases, A brief homie. Court. That's crazy. We got the greatest show on turf coming your way. I promise. Get great. Get a vice, get comfy, grab some Uggs. Mm. Okay. Well let me address the court if you are asked, Hey, how do you feel about this being put out and your responses?


I'm incredibly uncomfortable with that. Raising A, B, and C. What's A, B and C? Your reasoning for the The reasoning. Okay. The reasoning which includes the other party, you know? Okay. Okay. Does that not indicate to you that I am extraordinarily against this being put out? And I also wanna mention that we do discuss that we all have, you know, the, the ability to say edit that part out. Edit. We are told that constantly aren't at least once an episode. I agree. As a courtesy. I don't know about once an episode, but yeah, It's, so We quite, But do we also recognize that that is a courtesy?


Yes. Yes. Yes, yes. It about flip. I'm, I'm not. Yes you are. It ain't your case yet. Yes, Yes. It's, it's a courtesy. Okay. So then Hold up, Let him go. If, if it's a courtesy, then that means we don't really have the autonomy to say yes. Third, take it out. Third Case. Thank you. I disagree with that. But continue. Just the ability to say that is a courtesy. Yes. Because if you go somewhere else, you can't say that. Can't say that. That's where the courtesy comes. That's true. Okay. I see. I see. I agree. But that means this kind of ties into our conversation later. I think have It does. It definitely does. Yeah. Yeah. But then we don't have the capability to do that. Not that control the edit, but the ability to say, Hey, I would like that edited out is a Courtesy. It is a courtesy.


True. Got it. I That's what Melyssa Ford do you recognize? Okay, so then it's lip service. Melyssa Ford. Do you cognize It is a service that as a courtesy, yes or no? No. Why no, why not? Because it, it, if that's the case, if it's a courtesy, but you're going to make your decision anyways. And it disregards what my feelings are, then at, after I give evidence as to why I think it's not a good idea to put it out. Then it's just lip service That feeds into the courtesy piece. Hmm. Like the, the the, the owners are giving you a courtesy. A courtesy to What? To express your opinion.


Express It. Oh wow. Okay. Yeah. So when you say you have the ability to have things edited out, not true. Exactly. It isn't. Gotcha. But you Do Have the ability. But his question don't, You Don't, maybe not always, but you do. Okay. So We've all had something up here that we've said, Hey, can you take that out? True. Yeah. And it has been taken out. Yes. Yes. So then It does exist there too. But also in the foot, It's just not a hundred percent of the time. So why ask me if I want, if it's okay to put this in and then you're gonna do it anyway when I express, I don't want that Also in said footage, he repeated constantly. Yo, I'm putting this out just so you both know. I put, he repeated about like five times I heard him.


I Did. I agree. Can I take the stand? Not yet. But if, if you are saying, yo, I'm putting this out, I'm putting this out, I'm putting this out. Why ask? So all the parties know that after the fact, why as should you agree with that, feel comfortable with this being put out? He shouldn't ask that Should have said, yo, I'm putting the shit off that too. Or that could be a way of saying Shut The fuck up. No, that could be a way of reminding you that this is going out. How, how you feel it. See my, I took when he was, he was saying, yo, I'm putting this out, I'm putting this out, I'm putting this out as, yo, y'all should shut the fuck up. That's what I thought. And do this later because I'm putting it out that that's why I would've stopped. He, He even told Parks, take this and move. I'm putting this out.


He said that. Well, both parties were, I thought you was aware, but he was aware. No. Can I take the stand? Fine. Sure. Can I take the stand? Go ahead. You swear the true, the truth to the Whole truth not on game. Oh on God, no. Dead ass. Turn down a little bit. Yeah. Pause that for a minute. Two members up here have a spat. One person started that spat on main airwaves. One person set that spat off to another person. But you gotta, you gotta ask Joe. Wait, hold on. Thank you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.


Wait, wait. Hold on. That's not true. That's not true. That's not true. Started The spat was her Saying, Did I do something to you? Yes. That's the start. It's Not a it's not a start. It's a question. That was a Question. Joe was high. We don't get there without that question. You a legend. You don't get there without that question. Yo, you So that is the start. Wait before that y'all talking over each other. Pause it for a minute. That is definitely, I heard you whisper to Mel to, don't you got some shit to get off the I heard you say that. Oh See that? Don't you got some shit to get off the mark? You said that to her. I not in the footage that I seen. That's not true. Oh, so you edited that part out. I had no, I dog I had had no idea that Mel was gonna do that to, to mark. Yeah, I don't think so. Number one and number two for reasons that can't be said, mark was in a different zone.


That's true. He was. Yes He was. That is also, I'm not scripting that. Yo, I promise we coming to y'all soon. Mel said, yo, do you have an issue with me? Because she misunderstood something that was being said. He said he was saying something, trying to be an ally. She misunderstood it. Fired at that nigga. I didn't fire Mark. Mark is articulate so he ain't us. So he gonna slow walk the dog like he did. And at the end of it, Mel, Oh yeah, at the end of it. Objection to the usage of the word dog At the end of it. Right. You Don't get disrespectful. It was A I know, I understand.


But keep going. See that's what happened then. Yeah, Keep going. I understand the term. Walk the dog. I get that. I get the slow. That's not disrespectful. I know I fight. But anyway, Commentary. So, so listen Mark, articulate, he's slow. Walked the dog to where it was tough to misunderstand what just occurred. And then I said ended and throughout the whole clip I'm saying, Hey, I'm putting this out, I'm putting this out. And you're doing that while cameras are rolling and mics are on in a main pod. I only stopped it from the main because it was disrupting our groove. I didn't think it was so bad when I watched it back. It was, it was pretty dope.


I sent it to Mark Bomb. Yo lay eyes on this. Tell me what you think. He hit me back. Yo, I think this is dope. The discourse is important. It show us how we can heal. It shows how we get together. Okay. So then he hit me with all of this shit. He said, I think it's great. And I wasn't going to send it to Mel because I know Mel a little bit, but it's not right. It's only fair. So I sent it to Mel ba Hey lay eyes on this. Let me know what you think. I think we both were triggered and there's clearly a lot of pain. Okay. That's not how I said It. And I said, wait, what? That's not how I said it. That's not how I said it. And it didn't go out. So No, it did not go out. Oh.


Oh, it didn't go out? No, it didn't go out. So what are we talking about? So what the Fuck that was triggered again? No, put that shit, It didn't go out. No, it didn't go out. Put That shit out. What are we doing? It was out. Put that Shit out, bro. Bro, put that shit out, bro. That's A professional trigger. Y'all Know I'm not triggered. Yo, Mel is a fucking manipulator. What we are doing with, when it didn't go out, How am I a manipulator? Mel, That's Mel. I ain't gonna hold you. Like the way you approach that in that male, you had me thinking this was out. I thought it was out. So she don't even know. She don't got no evidence. She has no idea because He, you Put it out. Did he not make it seem like right now that it was out because you had you thinking that it was out? You thinking it's out? You thinking it's out?


Me Thinking out. That was based on y'all interaction. Yeah. I, I don't know nothing about them. I did not know if it was out or not. I did not know. That's what it seemed like. He did by way of this conversation up here Ladies and in jury. I arrest my case. That was, that was I arrest my case. But hold on, hold on, hold on. Rest. What? Hey wait, wait a minute. Hey. Yes Sir. Chad, all the listeners out there. Hey hoo, We go. That's funny. Hey, hold on. Parks. Hey yo, real quick though.


I think you should put it out. I think you should put it out. I did plan on speaking to Mel later about it. I think, I think it was dope. Just so we could lay eyes on it together. As long as Marcus Well both should be Fine because listen, I'm telling y'all, I think some of you, I think sometimes we take advantage, not we, let me not say that. But it's looking like that that little courtesy can be taken advantage of. If you, we sitting here on air and you set it on somebody and they respond and that's the end of it. You I agree. You set it off on that nigga. Did she see, she saw it though. She watching. Lemme ask you a question Though. What up?


If you set it off and steal on a nigga and they eat it and then they scoop slammed you now what? What do you mean now what? Now what You got Scoop slammed on the floor. You said don't, you Don't, you don't want the world to See that happen. Well that's where rest in peace, q World Star really changed the game. There You go. Like when you get snuffed at the gas station, now there's a possibility that hey, but everybody might not See that way. Some people might see it the other way. The fact of the matter is, is that that particular type of situation I have dealt with more than anybody up here. More than anybody up here.


And I've taken it on the chin every single fucking time. So don't talk to me about, to me feeling like I'm, oh I don't know, I'm embarrassed or humiliated because he dog walked me or whatever the case is. That's not what the fuck happens to stop it. That's What we said. No, I'm just paraphrasing right now because y'all are starting down. But you're lying on us. I'm, we didn't slow walk the dog. Don't mean dog walk that You, okay. That's not what that means man. Okay. Okay. It just means he slowly got to his point. Yes. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. But if you didn't feel a way you wouldn't mind being put out anyway. Especially if Mark said he's fine with it. You obviously feel a way about the Dialogue. Hey listen, listen. Majority rules do what you want. Okay? That's true. Majority rules. Do what you want.


Majority does not rule. I I've, I've expressed discomfort with that. I've just, I've expressed Discomfort with that and that should be the end of it. But hey, majority rules do what you want. Respect. That's her trauma. Joker she laid down. That's that trauma bullshit joker that you laid down. Yeah. Get the fuck outta here with that shit. Drop. It ain't, It ain't about to guilt me. The shit ain't It ain't out. Oh my fucking, you Ain't about to guilt me. The shit ain't out 'cause we love you. Get the fuck Outta here. Oh my God. See that's we love you. That's It ain't about to guilt us 'cause of how we love you. The fuck outta here with that. Okay. It is just another hot segment. Now, anytime y'all would just, lemme start.


I'm hot. Yeah, please. Let's Just get started. Nah, nah, wait. Oh no. That was only one Case. Okay, now it's pay-per-view time. Well, well here's the thing. I'm, I'm making it short and brief while I was shaking ass in Nashville handling my business. That's a good place to shake ass. And I was happy because I know that the JBN is extremely supportive of Queens Flip. I went to the Airbnb to lie down in the AC and I received an email from your team, a deduction email saying that they're gonna duck me, dock me my pay because I missed two days of podcast, of podcasts right Back in the court. And I mean, I was fine with it.


I mean I saw the price, I didn't like it. I was angry. And then I started to be fine. I said, you know, I know the game. I'm making money, but then I got mad again because there's the principality of it, right? Yeah. And you just leak. Not you, it just, the numbers leaked. So the numbers leaking. Now you want to come at your man for the I don't like that, that I have a problem with it. I told him how I felt about it. I still feel how I feel. I felt the way so much that I flew in early. I was supposed to arrive at 3:00 PM I was going go to sleep at home. I'm fresh of a flight and I'm tired as fuck. But you know what? Dedication is important. I'm gonna show him and everybody out there and the JBN they can't stop me.


You ain't gonna stop this, but you gonna pay brother. Can I take the stand real quick? Yeah, gotta take it. Rock out. The days that they said that you missed, did you miss them? Except for today, but yes. Well, today hadn't happened yet. Yes. When the email got sent. Yes. True. So did you miss the day that they said you missed? Yes, I did. And do you have that, that verbiage in a contract where that happens? I shot any of the Mark show. So I thought it'd be good. I thought I could pull a movie. Listen man, look, I just wanna get to work ladies.


We gonna talk about this privately. And I ain't gonna lie, I sent you a man a message to a law joint and unsend It and he unsend it like a bitch because You was graduation. Oh, He was a And I knew you graduation 'cause it didn't, you know. Oh, you Ain't get that today? Yeah, my phone wasn't working. No, I got an incident. Yo fans, I've been watching Think pieces all week, man. Y'all called the shit. Y'all said it would happen man. The right side is going berserk. What'd the think piece to say About me and him? I'm done. I'm not doing this with you. Let's get, let's get the show started. You ain't see no thing Pieces? No. I lost every one of them anyway. Listen, I don't even need the intro to shit now.


Like I don like I had an intro. I thought it was pretty fire, but I'll say yeah, we, We in here now. Mic check. Mic check. Shout wherever you might be listening from. We love all of y'all. Yeah, they gonna think We on whole payroll, but fuck, I like this song. I was at home when this shit dropped. Boy. DJ had the exclusive, yo, we got a great show lined up for y'all. Shout let it, that's the anthem. Not guilty. Y'all got to me, me, me, me, me. That concludes homie Court.


You do that from your phone. Yeah, he got like a DJ app on his phone. Right. I'm Why you trying to sell? So my secret? That's crazy. That's crazy. What time I look, want me to start telling the inside scoop about what happens behind the scenes and flip the network? No, he no he does not want you To do that. No, no, no. Listen, You can ask me that. No, he does not want That to happen at all. Boss, you sold me. He don't want that to happen at all. He just sold Me the lobby channel. Now. He don't want nobody. He he's yeah. Invisible NDAs for, He Got him with us. He don't wants the shit of flipping, flipping network details. Hi you. Hey.


Hi. I Don have all the drops so I got you. Oh, that's most of them. That's most Of them. Yeah. Mark's not even here. So. Oh, He's here. Spirit. Look, I got small Damnit. See you say shit on air. You say shit on air and then be mad when, when niggas that's trying to do what, You know what I mean? But I respect you. So Told she should do. That's not fair though. That's not fair. Mel's in a tough spot. She does take a lot of here, but She does. But Mel is also strong still. She also takes advantage Of Mel. Also Strong.


Welcome to episode 8 38. It is the Joe Button podcast Episode. No, you do take advantage of what episode 8 38. Welcome To episode 8 38 of the Joe Button podcast. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, highly favored host Joe button here with some really amazing people. This broadcast is brought to you by Fuel, by powered by PrizePicks PrizePicks gang. To my right, the legendary Melyssa fo Rudy Big Queen Flint in the building. Yes, yes, yes, yes. I'm here. Fresh off the flight. First class king. First cast flip. Oh you did first class. I did. Stop playing with him man. On the short. On the short notice too. Not cheap. Come home. I had to get that money back. That's not cheap. Stopped Playing with him. Boy. Had to get that money back. And where you was at Memphis. Where you went? I was in Nashville. Mm. Did You get some hot chicken? Yeah. It is not about that. Yes I did. King Wawa. Antoine is here. Big inch himself. The freezes of the mall freeze is here. Yo, yo yo. Big Parks is in the building. PO is here. Corey is here. Ericsson is here. Avon and T are here by remote. Last but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys are here. Shout out to each and every last one of y'all. Shout out to new people as well. I know it's a bunch of y'all. Shout to patrons And Shout to and shout to the patron patrols. Always. And shout to the patrols. How y'all doing? Great. Doing good man. Doing good man. Here. Good, good. How you Feeling? Glad that little heat Wave over. Yeah. Word hot as shit. Ain ain't gonna hold you. How you feeling man? I feel good. How was your brother's graduation? Oh, My brother's graduation. Shout to my brothers. My little brother graduated yesterday. My other little brother's graduating right now. So shout out to Ethan and Anthony. I did go to the graduation because why not? I'm glad you went. I'm happy you went. Oh man. Where do I begin Here? Was it indoor or outdoor? Indoor. Okay. Okay. That's good. Well, how was the AC indoors? It was cool. It was cool. It's a private school so it wasn't a long a long graduation. Okay. Like it wasn't a whole bunch of kids. Like Gotcha. Oh that's the best. Yeah, this was a private school. All of these kids, when they put their face on the big projector screen, they, they already had the college that they were going to most of 'em. So How how much scholarship money they got and All that other shit. Yeah. Yeah. Oh wow. What they, so, so that was real fly. Did They wanna stop and pod with you? No, no, no, no. Not at all. No. I'm too old now. I don buy, the principal knew who I was. Oh, okay. Yeah. He said I ain't need a ticket. So shout to him. But yeah, no ticket to graduation. Apparently It is a big deal. My little sister didn't go. It is a few people that didn't go because the ticket restriction all the way To kindergarten. Yeah. It's different. It ain't just don't play. Yeah. So I I do appreciate the gesture. Awkward Conversation too.


Yeah, man, You right about that. Oh It is. Yes It is. So, but yeah, we had a, we, we had A, We had a good time. That's all about us. I cried the whole time first. Yeah, We are, First of all, Thanks For real. I, I cried the entire time. Anytime such a bitch Come I'm With you. The salutatory, the the, the salutatorian. What do you say? What is it? Salutatorian. Salutorian. Get up there. Like these is young kids. Yeah, He's right. They parents. They brothers, they, It is in the audience.


Like they get up there and just, they, they talk about how tough the school is. So they get up there, start talking about their SAT scores, the attendance, the four years. They start talking to the teachers about, you know, bring you back a little bit. I dropped out but I remember some of that shit. No, we couldn't get through this without Mr. Bass encouraging us the whole way. Oh, Mr. Charles. Those tests was hard. We stayed up all night FaceTiming our friends to get through. Nah, but it's a graduation so it wasn't no noise. I'm joking. It was the silent tears. So you just sitting there Chilling really. And just Tears, just, You keep trying to wipe 'em on the low.


I'm like, Nope. Them Bitches just keep Rolling out. Nigga. I might have cried when the perfect attendance nigga wanted. He made it every time. It's so tough. It is so tough to do it. No, for real. And so, and then in the beginning of the graduation, they had Duke come out and me and my dad is sitting there as musicians. So he come out with a bagpipe or whatever the Fuck that machine was. I just make you cry sometimes. Just excited. So he had the skirt on. He started doing his shit. It sounds like people crying. He killed. Yeah. But he was playing a baseline.


This is an interesting instrument. It is. He playing the baseline that never stopped. And then I swing, he played like 11 different songs with them. Flu chip. Yeah. So my dad gonna tap me and say that's one of the toughest instruments in the world to play. And I'm like, Yeah man, shit look hard. He's on his ninth song, but why black people don't play that shit. But he ain't answer me. So it's not very like rhythmic. It is, It is very droney. But the way the songs was coming, It is like the white church. It's like the white church organ guy. It's the same sound. But, and when a black guy gets on the organ, It is a different box. So I would like to see the black guy on the, on this instrument here, this bagpipe or whatever It is.


But cool, he played nine songs that would fly. And then whoever got up there to sing bagpipes, I guess the whole school knew this singer person, the the teacher that could sing. And she got up there and she was black. So, so now she did the stars dance span banner. But it was like a black woman is up here, 77 Adlib. She runs and shit there. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Gotta balance on the back place. Jackie. Oh this is the remix in the Rockets. And then right in the rockets. Wait, wait, wait. And then right when it was the last song in the star span banner, she went in to lift every voice and ing.


So, so she, she went right into that. She CrossFit and she remixed the fuck outta that one. But she had a great voice. So I mean that's fine. Go ahead. Two every two. Victor two, Victor two. I thought I was up but alright, cool, cool. There a bunch of awards. Oh no. And then I fought with my dad. About what? Oh man. And then I fought with my dad. Which is why I didn't wanna come to this bitch in the first place because Didn didn't graduate. So I know I'm gonna sit here and cry and me and you don't have the same views when it come to these things. Okay. I don't understand.


Long story, less long. Two twin brothers going to the same college. Okay. Oh are they? Yes. But they went to different high schools. Yes. Interesting. One is very excited to go. The other one, not so much. Not so much. Okay. And now Pop is telling me, but the other one is in the house, like kind of Ethan. Ethan kind of quiet to himself. Ethan cool. So he quiet, he to himself, he like nice things. He's recognized that about himself and he knows that he wants to make a lot of money.


So I want to start a business. That's what he wants to do. Pop is like, he can do that and go to school. Yeah. Cool. Pop said, 'cause now first of all, now you triggering me. 'cause he talked to me like I'm his brother. I don't think, I don't know if pop know that I'm his kid. Sometimes he's sitting there saying me and me and my kids have a deal. Wait, what? We had the graduation and you gotta stir up this deep trauma. It Ain signed the paper talking. I got all these 40 years of trauma that me and you ain't never really kicked in the mouth.


And I'm at the graduation and this nigga says, yeah, me and my sons, we had a deal. The sons Say yo, I ain't get, I ain't get that. I ain't get that contract. You know I'm, yeah but cool. I don, I don't say that. Got it, got it. He said they, I told them, gotta go to college, gotta go to college, gotta go to college. This is instilled in you for they whole life. And if you do that, I will support you in anything you wanna do. I say, oh that's a trick. I said, because if somebody don't want to go to college, then who gives a Fuck that you supporting 'em in something that they don't want to do. And why do we So then start telling me, I told 'em, once you go to school, you can't come back home.


I said, excuse me. I'd say, oh, so you about to have your first run with a rebellious kid and you don't know what that looked like yet because now what you going to do when he can't come back home? But he ain't fucking with school. So now he go fuck the old, the older chicken town. Like all of us do. Get her pregnant, live with her. And now you got now and now. Yeah, now, now that's the world that you living in now. Like do you wanna play these games? Yo, Yo dog, you gave a positive side. Yeah. You know how much it cost to live out here. Niggas start doing something Else. Yo, when I went to school in, in Baltimore, you know I went to Morgan, my nigga, most niggas didn't come back home 'cause they couldn't afford New York prices. Yeah, I heard that they never came back home because they couldn't afford to live here.


So niggas made a way down Baltimore. 'cause the cost of living was so cheap that if you would've came back here, you couldn't afford it. You would've been living with your parents after living on your own for four years. Dog. That's where our fight goes. My dad thinks because of his thinking from whatever area he come from, that a degree guarantees you $150,000 job and up shit. It Guarantees you enough money to sustain yourself in it. Don't no, it don't. Not even close. And I'm, and I'm saying 'cause you know, my views are different on this pop. That's not a guarantee today. It's A, It is, It is less likely to even happen today. And I argue the other side of this. See, 'cause I, part, part of me is offended because I'm the example that I'm talking about in front of you and I came from your dick.


But when I say that he takes, that's what he says. I don't want to hear none. I don't want to hear none of that shit, dog. I don. And not just that. He says, yo, you live in another world. You do, But you are an outlaw. No, but I I I'm I'm on your team. I wish that parents would just support they kids sometimes. Yeah. If, even if it's in spite of what they think their kid should be doing. I think that there's a happy medium there too. If your kid tell, if your kid tell you, yo, I ain't really feeling college. Like I would rather do this for a little bit. Like, I mean My folks, I I was kind of, I wasn't feeling college, but they're like, all right, cool, but do some community college shit.


And I did that. That was the in between. I didn't go off to a big school and do all that shit. I was like, no, I'm just gonna, I'll sit here and do my bartending, make beats in the attic, all that shit. But I'll get some degree to keep them happy and cool. I think. See I always say like I, I had, I have my, my younger brother, not arts mother, mother young brother and two of my younger cousins who was like, yo, I don't necessarily wanna go to college just because I don't know what I wanna go for. And they was like, yo, I know people that go to college and walk out with just a ton of debt. They not even working in that field. I'm scared to do that 'cause they got a little bit more information now. Financial side tons. Yeah. So my advice was always, Hey dog, if you don't know, don't do that. But at least trade school. But Wait, did I push everybody to trade school?


Could That's, that's a good, that's good point. But that's Good option. But Question that's like the middle ground. Did you, Did you say that they're getting scholarships, partial scholarships or Anything like that? They got something going on. Okay. Well I mean like that kind of clears at least part of the debt that they would accumulate. And I can understand from the pa parents' perspective always wanting your kid to have something to fall back on. For sure. If, you know, if passion and dream takes a Little, the workout take a little Exactly. In, in my case, I did the, the community college shit, which in the first two years of college, you know this, you went to school, you're doing like, kind of general shit anyway, so it didn't matter. And by the time I was done with those two years, it was like, okay cool, I'm just gonna go to music. 'cause I do know I wanna be in music. So I found music, business school, yada, yada. Got my bachelor. Cool. Oh nice. So I think there's a way that you can do that.


It's A happy, well my point to my dad was if a I'm, I'm all the way with what you're saying, if a kid wants to go to college, like don't misconstrue my point. Yeah. Like just because my views are what my views are. Listen, when when my son called me and said, Hey, I'm in college and I'm over this shit, shit coercing right next to me. I said, no, stay there. Stay there. Don't leave. Stick it out, thug it out, try your best, yada yada y And this is when I thought I was getting robbed 'cause of pandemic prices at the colleges. But I told 'em, stated. So it's not because of my views. If you wanna go to college, go to college. But if you looking at somebody and they clearly have a creative, a more creative way of viewing things, I think that you shooting that person in the foot by not, by not exploring that.


So I, I agree with you. I think it's a conversation, right? That, that, that's, that's all. I think it's a conversation. If you go to trade school, go to trade again, I own a construction company. So I think we, especially black kids are not going to trade schools enough and we missing out on that. Right. Trade school people are making more money than some of these lawyers and doctors make sure. Cool. I'm for that. However, I've also been a business owner for a very long time and I think that some of the stuff that you learn in college, if you go to just be a business major, a finance major, even if you want to go to entrepreneurial route, these things help you on that entre. Like you're talking from experience. Same that these things help you on that path.


You might not know it, but they will help you. Absolutely. As a parent, yo, it's a really hard job 'cause you want to be supportive and whatever. Yo, if your kids say, yo, I don't want to go, I want to go to be the Peace Corps and Rwanda, you like yo Dog, I gotta support You. Right? I really don't want you to be going over there, but I gotta be Supported. See, my, my parent brain, if it were me, would say I done watched my kid be locked in a room on a video game for with headphones on in a gamer chair for the last 13 years. People are making millions of dollars doing that. 'cause that's where our conversation led to. Then it led to, he's like, alright, well paint, paint the picture for me.


I said, well he can start a business in his own name. And there's streamer kids that are making, if you, if you fail, you can walk away with 60 grand pop. Like So, which is more money than most kids making coming straight outta college. And that's if you completely, if nothing goes your way, you can, you can walk away with making 50 grand a year. That's, I I wouldn't say that's the's not that simple. I think that's a little extreme. I think that's simple. If everything fails, you could just be the kid with one person on your stream and you make $0. Like that's, that's a possibility. But I think there is A happy medium. No, he's got, I'm his brother so I mean it's a cheat code for sure. I'm gonna go give him the information and tell him exactly what to do and set him up that we always talk about financial literacy.


Right. And, and and, and gaining understanding. So if you close minded to the information, then you just shut shut a world off. True. So you don't even allow the anomaly to be birthed. True. You don't, you you shut the door in that. So no, I would, I would, I told my dad at the interview, I was so mad at him. I said, I got him. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. I'm gonna give him the information he need and he gonna be good. But if you want to explore that, let him. Yeah. He Should be allowed to. But if you gonna force him away two hours away to college. Listen, listen man, I told my mom when she sent me away to school, and we'll close this 'cause I'm probably dragging it, but fucking conversation. I think this is going, It is a great Conversation. Watch A lot of people could resonate with this. Are you crazy? Up to this day my father still tell me you want me go to school?


I said, man, I'm a grown man. So now I'm sitting there fucking depressed doing a whole flashback of, of my history because I told my mom, yo, don't send me away to school. She sent me away to school scared of what I would do in a Jersey City school. So I went out there where a boarding school, a different structure and environment. I done learnt all this shit. And now I go back to Jersey, you wanna put me in a regular high school? That's not gonna work for me. Right. You not paying attention that you, you missed how my mind was working. That wasn't gonna work for me. I was so shocked when I got to Lincoln High School in Jersey City that they was allowing us to go home and wanted us to come back.


I couldn't believe it. Talking about lunchtime or just when period. Yeah. That you, I come from a boarding school. Got it, got it. If I go home after I done been around all the girls done the fucking got drunk, had lunchtime, I'm not coming back anymore. But that was me. Did you thrive in the boarding school? Let's thrive. No. Do well. Yeah. Did you do well Academically? No. By, by then I wasn't trying to do well academically. Yeah. Okay. But I was, I was bored with school from earlier because I was ahead of wherever they was teaching. So And That's, that's a lot of that is where it starts right there. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. There was, there was no mental stimulation for you in school. They Didn't have like advanced classes or it was like some probably racial biases or some shit. Wasn't you offered to get Skip, right?


Not boarding school. Yeah, that was early. That was, But I'm, it starts there. Well that's what you check out a school. Well that's why the graduation just ros up all of my fucking Deep, dark, emotional Hidden like shit inside PTSD s that I go to bed with. I don't tell nobody. Oh shit. Stupid. Oh shit. Congrats to the brothers for congratulations and all the graduates out there. Congratulations. Yeah, no shout out to everybody graduating this year's class. Next year's class. That shit does look fly. It does do It. Do it do look fly the friend groups. Hey listen, I didn't graduate so I'm unsure on this, but they had all types of shit on their cap.


Oh Yeah. We couldn't do That shit in the nineties. Yes You could in high School we just, You could, yeah. I didn't really see it. I don't think we did that in my school, but I don't know if that was, they going a little crazy A thing for a while depending on what associations you are affiliated with. True. All of that shit. True. You could put the, oh no, people are home. DD I don. I'm just saying. But yeah, like I did my daughters shit for preschool. What'd you put under There? I just had, she's big on frozen so I had a bunch of frozen shit el all the Elsa that shoulda had her name 20, 25. Yeah, it went crazy. Hmm. But yeah, They thought I was about to go to another graduation today. Yeah. Nick. It went on and just cried all day because then the cry got to a point where this wasn't working.


So then you had, you Couldn you, you need the tissue. Dark shades man, you used the undershirt. I didn't bring shades, dark shades because I thought I would be cool. That's Why you gotta go back to the undershirt, man. That's crazy. Fuck. I'll cry. I don't get fuck. We know. Yeah, we know. That was crazy. We, that's crazy. Anyway, no more for me. Graduations is horrible. Shit. Different. What y'all wanna start with, man? Nick l Young. Oh yeah. What you talking about? It's gonna be worse. Oh yeah. Way worse. What? Yeah, water worse. Yep. It's on It. It's on Dre. Yeah.


It's gonna be bad word. I'm telling you. It's cool though. It's the stuff that you live for man. Indeed. That's it really. That's it. The moments. Anyway. Well, speaking of life changing things, we were gonna talk about the the marriage, the, the Bezos marriage in in Venice that, that was telling us is being Oh yeah. Another Joe and Mel fight There. It was. But yeah. Why We keep fighting. I got so much love for you today. I know, I do too. But you know, we sometimes have a difference of opinion and I, I think our algorithms might be slightly different. They Are. Yeah. I see you on yours and always get a good little chuckle. I'm not, that's what It is. She throws it right to us in the, in the group chat. I, everybody here does a great job of ignoring Mel in the group chat.


Absolutely. What do, I didn't know Gavin Newsom had a podcast. I was, I was kind of intrigued by that. Yeah, Yeah. That was, that was kind of a surprise to me. But again, like you said, it kind of does track. It tracks. Absolutely it tracks. So Jeff Bezos and Lauren Sanchez are getting married this weekend. Star studded affair. $50 million wedding. He basically rented Venice, the city Ain No. Basically about it. Yeah. Let's start correcting some of this early because you trying to leave out our fight again. Okay. So I'm getting to that. So the residents and citizens of Venice are really upset and they are. That's cool. And they're protesting one of the things that, so they've tried to divert where he, all of the things that he had planned, you know, so if you don't know Venice has a lot of canals.


Yes. It's basically like built on the water. Yeah, built on the water. So they have threatened to like put like alligators or crocodiles or something like that in the water or something like that. At least fake ones try to create version Of Oh they, they, they, they blew up a little raft with a a a a bazos. The gondola blow up doll on it. You gonna piss me off? Yep. Why? What? That's what I'm saying. No, no, no. Yeah. Bezos leave me alone and I'm gonna buy your shit. No, hold up because Ain ain't fucking with Mel. You gonna piss me off. We, we said, or I said yo, I want to talk about Jeff Bezos rent now Venice for his wedding.


And Mel said no he is not. They got that motherfucker right outta there. Yeah, they not gonna let him do that. So he had to move and they protested And I said they gotta move. I don dunno what news you've been Reading. Yo listen, I don, but I know I'm not gonna make a nigga move. Yeah, I, I, listen, I seen it with my own eyes. Jeff Bezos spent 55 to $65 million For, this is my city. So, and the city accepted. That's, That's it. That money. Yes they did. And what That get some new roads? My It is for the whole city.


What? Yeah, so now what that means is It's my shit When me and my friends are walking down the street. Well There's no walking boating down the street. Whatever we do. No, no. It might be Wide been in the city nigga. I might put some road out here right now. I put a hovercraft on these waters. That's true. You get your fucking ass back. Nah nigga, you know what, she don't even want to be on the, on the water today. She better not pave all this shit right now. Actually it's My shit now. You stick your pinky toe in this water. Your ass going to jail when we, When when we come down the street. You Go in your house And close your windows and Ain shut the blind. I don't Want you niggas looking at me. And if I see you then I'm going in your house now too.


No, that's My house now. No. Yeah. You find Actually Yes, It's my house now. I bought All of the houses in your family. Yo. Who's The captain? I'm the captain now. The fuck is wrong with you talking about y'all, The protesters Girl and keep your kids quiet. You serious? I don want, I don't want hear pee three days. If I hear A peep out That house, nigga I'm gonna fix y'all real good. Are you crazy? 60 million for three days. Wha yo yo yo. Fuck all you. You crazy. You gotta go And you and and listen. Protest sit people of people of Venice. He just trying to rent for now.


If He get hot For now, you piss off getting Bad enough. You buy that whole shit off. You pissed me off. I'm going buy this and send y'all to what you Say the Venus. I'm gonna send y'all to Venus nigga fuck raw with you. Actually you know what I'm gonna have you assassinated. Yeah. Like What? Whatever I want to do. Think about how yo, that's some big dick shit. Like yo, I'm gonna just rent the whole city. Yeah, yeah. And y'all talk about y'all don't want no more billionaires. The city accepted it too, so you damn right. Wait, we talking about what? You don't Want no billionaires. This is what billionaire shit is. Yeah. Nah, I'm with you. Yo. You want your what and where. Alright, cool. What where're at what resort?


I want, I want this city. Oh, alright. What I agree with Mark's concept. I disagree with the number that he cuts it at. Like, I I wouldn't, I think you can earn a billion dollars. Yeah, it's a hundred billions and shit Once you start getting to, But just the shit you do when you get to that, I just think it should be taxed Appropriately. Well yeah, that's the thing. We making jokes but technically no one person should not be able to come and rent. Mel is right. If we're being mature or they should, but they should pay their fair Share of taxes. No, she right. No she's not right. No. Why Are they not right my nigga, I'm giving this town or this city. I'm the stimulus $60 million.


I think cities should have gatekeepers that that should be able to decline that he shouldn't be able to rent Venice Joe if we're being mature. I I but I'm with y'all. No, we being mature. I'm being mature Ain y'all, I'm giving y y'all new books. Police, new police of vehicles, new hospital shit. New road. I'm but three days canals clean. Three days dog. Hey y'all get back in the house now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Get back in the house. Yeah man. I Am the economy. Yep. What they what day you, I'm just saying they Gonna call us for 600 a week. The fuck, Fuck that niggas giving nigga 1200 stemmy. These niggas out here selling that 60 for the three days.


People in Venice have had a little bit of, you know, difficulty with the tourism industry as It is. Like it's a, it's a very precarious situation in Venice. It's a sinking city basically. Yeah. You know, and so what Sinking as in I could use that $65 million sinking As in like no amount Of money. Fucking fix it. We gonna put some pylons up under this bitch. And also there's no guarantee that the officials that have accepted this money are going to disperse it to the citizenry. There's No problem. Wait, wait, Wait, wait. Hold up a second. We're not trying to Disperse that. You Disperse it or You Right. Listen For two seconds Mel. They're not dispersing.


So then how does it benefit the Italians? Hold on. Do you know what the Italians did to the world? They're not dispersing. We not Dispersing this nigga. We used to take Bread We used and nigga Alright Y'all gonna come back outside. We got rid of Bezos. Some fresh rolls over there. Oh man, Man. Talking about Italians, Mel, Listen, what They don't, they was, they had do sunlight tax, a ground tax, Groundhog Tax Groundhog tax. They tax the people. They nigga you dead. It we keeping this money. Mel let just basic do what Niggas be arguing about tourism. Tourism is what feeds them cities and be keeping them cities afloat. I they could talk all that bullshit they want.


I totally understand that. But also there is people that tourism is sometimes a sc to a place. Agreed. Okay. You know, sometimes when tourism come you can't guarantee that they're gonna be respectful of the place that they're visiting. True. You know, and so If I pay 60 million, I'm not gonna be respectful of the place. I'm gonna tell you piss money. Yo, What is your, why are you against him getting married there or you, why are you for, why are you taking the people side? I mean I'm not necessarily for or against, I'm just like You're not Mel ain't with that marriage. No, I'm said nothing. I'm just, oh shit. I didn.


Oh shit. I gonna say That. Do you know the story of Jeff Bezos and Lawrence Sanchez? Please Tell us, fill us in. So you know that Jeff Bezos was married to Mackenzie Bezos. Yes. Who now, you know, they're divorced and whatever else. That was the Richest woman in the world. Yes. Right. Exactly. Well the world, I'm not necessarily sure about, but one of oh, one of definitely who's like an amazing philanthropist and she's giving a a lot of her wealth away to, you know, various charities and philanthropic activities. They, she's a wonderful person. Should, okay, so, alright. Y'all y need to grow up Mackenzie and Jeff. They had, you know, a couple that they were besties with that was Lauren Sanchez and her husband.


Oh this Is a little wife swap swaping mouth. Oh It wasn't a wife swap. It wasn't a wife swap. Oh, wife Takes it was Gimme it was a take. See Jeff started cheating on Mackenzie with Lauren. They, she found out they got a divorce. I don't even know where Lauren's husband is anymore. Well now ex-husband and now he's in the fish. She's in deceased. Yeah, exactly. 16. Now they're together. That's the fucking story. You know who actually did a wife swap was Shania Twain and her husband, they swapped out with their besties. Gotta be careful of them. Double dates. No, I, yeah, No. Yeah. So Shania Twain's husband Bezo Said I want her. Yeah, he can move him. Yeah. Well he got her yo Dog. He got her. How much for the wife? I was just about to say yo.


Easy proposal. Proposal. Yeah. I mean clearly 20 million for your wife. If y'all had Jeff Bezos money, y'all know y'all be doing ignorant shit. I I have told y'all this every chance you did. I don't know if it would take Jeff Bezos. It don't. Some of us don't let, I keep telling y'all my God no. Alright. Shit. 2,500 on the right New York Street. You could feel like Bezos for at least 35 minutes before she gotta work. Yo 25. Clearly. Hey the price dropped if you let us still go to work, you got your Passport. So clearly if y'all were Lauren Sanchez in this story and you were married and Jeff Bezos and hi and his hus and his wife were the besties, you would definitely be giving him the eye.


Like, yo, I can drop this fucking zero if you get rid of her. Yes. Wait, Say you lost Me. If you're Lauren Sanchez in this situation and you're married, never you, you'd stay with your husband. I would stay with my significant other. Your significant. Yeah. Okay. So he got like 20 million. Jeff Bezos has 400 million Not for sale Mel. Yeah. Not for sale. Okay. Oh shit. Okay. That sounds good. Any who's, No way are we any who hosing from that? Do you think that they're telling, do you think that they're fibbing? Yes. You think it iss for sale a thousand percent You think it is for sale Y in that scenario? Absolutly the way you guys talk about if I was a girl, I would be fucking this guy for It. Ain never said, I never said that Ain me that says that Proudly too.


He Said that never said that. That triple down. Okay. They ain't triple down in it. You have. Okay. So I thought that that was like a collective thought Process. No, No, that's up here. That's not my bad. Sorry. But yeah, no, actually I i, if you were in Lauren's position Yeah. I think you'd be like, Hmm, I'm gonna drop this fucking zero. Get with a hero. Yeah. Hmm. Boy What if she with a hero though? Huh? That's, that's her mentality. She dropped her Husband And she the first, the first nigga was a hero to her. He ain't a zero just 'cause he don't got Bezos money. Okay. Well clearly she made a decision. True. And she felt like her husband was the zero And she got nothing about this. He could have been a monster Whooping her ass, that nigga and could have his own money.


They just could have, have fell outta love. He might have had another piece somewhere. She was like, yeah, yeah. Okay. Let's create the ideal situation for her to Cheating. Get get a male. Yeah. Let's, yeah, exactly. You know they love to do that. Yeah. Let's create the ideal situation for her to have been cheating on her husband with the bestie. But you're creating an ideal situation for him being Nefarious. Him being a Yeah. Listen. Oh shit, they got mad. The wedding is going on. I see what type of town y'all on the wedding is going on right now. And that's what It is. Okay. And if you say another word them people in Venice, It is going to get catapulted. Fuck That is some fly shit.


Y'all say what y'all, we not letting dos off, we letting people off. I think it's fly. Fly. Hell yeah. That's, you can take all the water up outta there. Word. I'ma just not look at you. I'm build a damn. Y'all get no fucking water. Think that's some fly shit. He Was having like a foam party. Do people still have foam parties? Isn't that like You are? He can do what He want. Okay. I'm saying Nigga could have A sauerkraut party if he want. Whatcha you talking About? Foam parties? You would think it was flat if you was in it. Yeah, because it would be, it'd be some nice foam mildew Saying foam parties. Foam parties were cool. When? When you were like in your twenties. The party that you, the party that you go to Depends on whose foam It is.


Okay. All right. Some rich foam. Gotcha, gotcha. If Yeah, man Leonard DiCaprio has In that phone. Okay, listen, It is So who's who in that phone? This conversation. It's too rich for my blood. I'm gonna shut the, my poor ass gonna shut the fuck up. I can't even be talking about this stuff. Y'all go on with your phone parties and you're, you know, taking over a Venice. Yeah. What about pool parties that you like to go to? Who told you that? Who, who Is you talking to? Niggas could just see you from the street. Oh, when you go pool party where you don't live. Niggas crazy. Yo. What happened? No, He's telling on me again. She's a legend. She just don't hear, you know.


How did they know that? Because they rat. They rat. The male at the pool party. Any who? She had the pool party. No, outside. You lying. Get off me. She don't give a fuck. She was the poop on ground. Listen, It is Mel's body. All right. Her body, her choice First. First of all, right? First of all, so Mel was under the pool. Pool is her choice pool party. She's right there. Mel, who's pool party? I don't know what he's talking about right now. Pool. I think he's talking about last summer when I was hanging out at the pool. But now, no, he is not. That's what he's talking about. Yeah, he's talking about some new shit. I don't Know. There's no new shit.


I haven't even been to a party yet. We don't care. Let Mel live her life. It is not nude. Then let's let get off of Mel. Mel, all you want, Mel. Get off of Mel. Let's fall back before they say we harassing you again. Okay. Anyways, so we did it right. Jeff Bezos getting married this weekend. Congratulations. And you finish. Heath better. Shut your fucking traps. Venetians. Hey, I, I'll get an extension. You better Jeff Bezos ain't like me leaving a hotel. No. Run it back. Yo. Late checkout. Run it back late checkout. Hey, you know, and black people don't respect the late checkout type. Never. All right. What is the late checkout nom? Yeah, It Ain. I asked you, just so I know, I'm not leaving at be four o'clock some places.


No, it was some places. It is noon some places so the cleaning people could get it done and check in by three o. Three o' o'clock. Yep. Two is, that's late. Two is the love. But even if you tell me two, I'm leaving at 3 34. 2 49. Yeah. I'm not leaving at two o'clock. Yo. That's crazy. Why black people don't respect the late checkout? Because we ain't getting up that early. No nigga. Because we, not even that because we take, because we beautiful. I we taking our time, nigga. I'm not getting our, we're putting our lotion on. What's the limits We putting our fucking good, good scent on. That's the dress code for my birthday party. We are your good Scent. That's it. You seen Cardi in the castle? Good is relative. My nigga Cardi in the castle.


Stefan got her the castle. Yeah, he went to the castle for Yeah, I saw that. While We're, while we're in extravagant red shit. See, See that nigga the rented Venice, if he had it too, nigga Is that's where she shot her promo, right? Maybe. I don't know. Yeah, That was where, that was where I saw, that was the thing I saw. Where was the castle at? I don't know. I've seen a castle fucking castle. You Can, you can rent castles. No, I, I'm, I'm spent night. Everybody. I've spent the night on it before. I Mean sometimes. Hold on, hold On, hold on. In Portugal. Oh, port guys, Portuguese.


Stop man. Such a beautiful man. You Can do that. For real. We know that Ain. We just never did it. Yeah, I mean I never, I been to Portugal. I can't spell Portuguese. We're just poor. We're not Portuguese. You slept in the king's room and shit like that. Yeah, like that. Of course. Oh yeah. Of course. We thought he was gonna sleep back. Whom? You probably got busy, right? My ancestors, My went crazy. My ancestors Went Y'all back. The king of portrait. Crazy. Now you took my, you fucked in the castle. Of Course he did. It Is. Well she did. You yo It is, Mine is crazy. So you crazy. Stop blushing at me.


Did you fuck in the castle? Yeah. Nigga used, it's it's like a hotel. I'm the castle. I'm fucking in the castles. I know, but I never fucked in the castle. I'm a fucking the castle. But you got got, it's scary though. They they fixed it up. They mo they fixed it up. They modernized it. It's really A castle. So they plumbing. Yeah nigga, they modernize it. You think About all the shit that potentially went on in this place. That shit is kind of scary. So you went to work? What? This guy's an idiot. Nah, for real.


It is just getting busy like this. You can't ask me that question. Yo. You went to work in there. Yo, Look me alone. My nigga niggas are. You just said that all the memories from the old regime of the castle. You be scared. Like so You had to show out. So you was nervous. You had to show out though. Like where the floors cold. Oh yeah. Oh, you doing medium Hands? Did you have, did you have a butler? Did you have a bed winch? I mean I feel a bedwin. I figured if we were like, you know, asking him if he didn't think should refer, you know, other than that I'm not. And I'm not Bezos.


I ain't got that like money like that. Okay. Scott. It's crazy. Did You have a bad win? Don't do it. Don't do it. It never. Oh man. You just gave the regular shit though. Regular softy shit. He used the mouth did. That's not my regular Thing. Oh my. Nah, nah. At 50 It is. It gotta be you bugging. It is softy. It is not your regular. No, no, no. I'm not. I'm not the body. Didn't you had To with you? I'm saying at 50 Ain gold today. Some Ancient ancient Viagra. What is this? This is the blonde off St. Mary.


Two squirts of this. It is. You a freak rub. This, this you Susie went, you went in there. Idiot bro. Let's, let's lay down real. That's you. Let's lay down real quick. You should, you should rent one and go PO out of there Scotland. The cats shit fired Joe Scotland or something. It's amazing Scotland. That's why It is important to establish a long-term relationship with your partner. Like in your late thirties, early to mid forties. So that when you hit that 55 60 and your dick ain't giving what it used to give. She just, It is love you. She remember what It is. She just, she just, she always Talking back.


Yeah. She just care about you. Like no one do you the worst nigga You right. And she'll tell you it still hits the same. Thanks, good luck. Appreciate it. Lie to me. Me Lie to me. Appreciate It Ain. Lie to you about that Sahara. I'm gonna tell you that shit. Oh shit. I tell you that shit girl. Oh shit. DJ coup does Storm 0.6 that dry? Yeah, we both lying be talking about Nigga I be trying to fuck, fuck off the natural dick. My shit just be lamping though. I got Yeah.


Be doing my dick like nigga Being the world. I mean. All right. Lemme go to the bathroom real quick. Baby. Yolo hold 25 minutes. Yeah. Lemme start Killing Thomas. He might 25. Yeah, shit. 15 if, if It is a good 0.1 now. Now you just come back in back and they fresh. Now you come talk for 15 minutes because you know you about to quit. I can't even bring the pain Going to the brain. Let's go inside. Right. You know What's about to Happen. So you talking to her like Yo, yo. Ain yo. Yo. You sleeping, You watching you Up? Nah, look. Oh you not all Hot water.


Hot water. Make it dissolved quicker. It is just coffee. Coffee. It is. You need It is not help. It Ain mad at him. That's what all The tea is for. Shit. Cracked the code Yo. Holy shit man. Yo. That is hilarious son. What's wrong with your Oh Fuck that going down. Fuck you talking about girl. You see What man? You see the game you looking like hurry up niggas girl, you see the game but when you wake up, Well that's what I'm saying. Fuck that game. You new game. You can get the natty dick in the morning when the more I'm about to sunrise and give you the power Thor in the morning.


I'm cool. Oh man, I'm cool. I can roll over and just, but if It is the nighttime at 45, Nah nah. Need some assistance. Yeah. And the game just went off. It's not about the dick energy for me, it's the body energy for me at the nighttime. Fucking I'm just exhausted. Yeah, go hand in hand nigga. Yeah. Yo, that is hilarious. Yo. Hey yo, listen. Oh, all that is cool. You understand what I'm saying? Nighttime fucking even sound like a even listening to it. Yeah. Sound like a task then we gotta had an argument all No, I was just No you, you know you. Oh come on. You still Come on a thank God I'm in the gym now.


Thank God. Thank God that shit she was getting before. Thank God you rich Dictate where you go. Oh shit. I said, I said shit. Don't do that. Don't do that. That's fucked up. Well Jeff Bezos can do it. Yeah man. Time. Alright I y'all, that is time.


But my favorite part of this show, PrizePicks. Alright. PrizePicks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into real cash with millions of members. PrizePicks is made daily fantasy sports accessible to all really easy and simple to play. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for a chance to win. Now up to 2000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with PrizePicks basketball season may be over, but the action doesn't stop on PrizePicks because baseball is just heating up. Step up to the plate with PrizePicks and add your favorite baseball players to your lineup. Whether it's strikeouts, rbis, or first inning runs. Make your call with more or less and play for your shot to win up to 2000 times your cash today. And the Joe and Ish picks of the week. Some people say Ish has been on a quiet tier with the picks. We are going with CJ Abrams more than seven fantasy score. Juan Soto, more than seven Fantasy Score. Gavin Sheets more than five Fantasy score and Mike Trout for more than six and a half Fantasy score. Don't forget, if you download price picks the app right this very second and use promo code JJBP, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat for the people in the back. If you download PrizePicks right this second and use promo code JBP, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.


Speaking of games, the NBA draft was the other night. We want to congratulate all players, all players taken. I'm sure that was a big night. You worked your entire life for that night. So shout out to y'all. Cooper, flag at one. Harper at two. Who went three? The kiddo. Oh, VJ Edgecomb. Yeah, VJ Edgecomb went three, I think Trey went four and Ace Bailey went five to the Utah Jazz. I guess that's where most of the talk begins because it said that Utah is one of the, or is one of the teams that he did not work out for.


So I'll clear out from here and toss it to Ish. Ish. What did you think about it? I think that I was six by the way. I'm sorry to cut you off. Trey went six. Alright. Trey went six. Who went 4K. Oh the, oh the big, the white boy that could shoot from Duke. Yes. The white boy that could shoot. I'm sorry. Sorry about that. Go ahead. Sorry about that. Thanks. I I for you, I think anytime you grow up playing a sport, like kids have been playing these sports since they were six and seven years old, your goal is to make the league. So I think that's a blessing in itself for you to be drafted. I don't give a fuck if you get drafted in the 10th round and you make the league that that's a blessing. I think that nowadays people have started to take more of their future in they own hands now than they could before.


So I think nowadays a little bit of arrogance, a little bit of Spoilness has athletes and I guess a little bit of business savvy, have athletes wanting to go to major markets. They got athletes saying, I want to win. I don't want to go over there. Where they have a history of losing all of those things now coming to play. And so I think they try to pretty much determine their own paths. I won't say it's right, I won't say it's wrong. I think that you should embrace the blessing of being drafted period. Right. I just think again, e especially coming from a lot of communities where we come from, yo you are an instant multi, multi multimillionaire.


You walk into eight figures. So I think that that's a blessing. As far as Ace goes, I think Ace Utah could be a blessing for Ace in disguise. I think sometimes the major markets is a lot of distractions in the major markets. I think Danny Ain is a genius and I think he's already, they had amazing draft. I absolutely love they had a goods draft draft with Ace and Clayton Jr. I think Danny Ain saw Jason Tatum at Ace. Like that's who he used to be getting compared to when he was in high school. They were saying he liked the next Jason Tatum. And I see it, the guy working on his handle.


Well the Mormon should help with that. Sarah, You to It Is Aaron in him. But no, I I mean you'll be, it's beautiful out there. It is. I've been out there and you'll be a little bit more Focused. That's what I'm saying. You Can't be distracted. You won't be distracted Be announced by 6:00 PM You be one of the Mormon girls. Yo, I remember nigga, They dresses to they knees to they to they ankles. I remember JR Smith was saying when he was in New York, it was so many distractions in New York. Yeah. And when they got to Cleveland, he was like, yo, it was less shit to do in Cleveland. They used to be bowling as a team. They would be walking through the gym at nine, 10 o'clock at nighttime as a team going over plays and shit in New York, you outside.


Mm. So again, for, for a 18-year-old 19-year-old kid, sometimes those distractions can be a big thing. So I think Utah's a positive for me. That's my opinion. Again, I think Utah had a really good draft. My team, we had the 50th pick in draft of the project, so I'll shut the fuck up. Ain't nothing really for me to say. What was some of the other stories from this draft? Joe Dumars, that trade that he made where he gave Phoenix a unprotected first round pick from next year. Even though the Pelicans are not even projected to make the playoffs, a lot of people were left scratching their heads with that one. The New Jersey nets using all five of their picks to draft What? Oh shit. I said the New Jersey Nets.


God damnit man, the Brooklyn Nets using all five of their picks to draft essentially the same player or the same position. That was interesting. What else? What else was interesting? I feel like there was one more trade that was kind of interesting that I'm forgetting right now. So was real, I'm sorry. Was was Ace Bailey was the one that when they called, called his name, he was said, fuck. Nah, that was this other kid that got drafted by Toronto. Toronto, okay, Got it. I saw That and he wasn't, and in his interview he looked like he could not be happier to go to Toronto. So I think on the camera, man, that's a little bit of, you know, that's some trickery. Like he wasn't saying fuck because I'm going to Toronto.


He at that at where he was drafted. He knows he's going to Toronto. He said Toronto was the first place he worked out for. He liked. I see. He was kind of, so he Was, it was the fuck like a shock fuck, like fuck, Like fuck, this is really happening. I was, shit, I'm really Here now. Got it, got it, got it. Okay. Yeah. Damnit, damnit damnit. What was the, oh, homeboy the big, the big Chinese dude. I'm not, I don't wanna be funny. I don't know if he's Japanese. I don't, I think think he was Chinese. Yeah, he was Chinese. I, I believe so the big Chinese boy that went 15 that was projected to go late second round wasn't even seated in the, in the lottery pick area. And then he had to get, he had to come from the bleachers, from the Joe button seats.


And as soon as they showed it, rich Paul was right in front of him walking him out. I said, this motherfucker man, listen, the agent Said he had 85% of the draftees first round. Oh wow. Mm. Wow. See how political that shit be. Shit. Shit is different. Not no disrespect to them, but that shit be different. I also saw something about a kid that from Africa. Did you See that? And he was crying? Nah, it was a bunch of kids crying bro. That was, yeah, that was homeboy the first, the first African player drafter, yada yada yada. Yeah. Yeah. He was crying. Oh, he, he was crying and they showed the juxtaposition between him and Ace.


But yeah, those are real tears. I, I'm not mad at him. Listen, VJ Edgecomb, oh, in one of the more powerful draft speeches I heard was like, yo, my mom, I'm amazed at how she used to feed us. We lived off a generator for seven years. I didn't have electricity. Crazy. Like what? Wow. Like how do you not feel, how do you not feel these stories? The Talk here from that went to Georgetown. He broke down, started crying for his mom. Like, that shit is different. That's how I felt at the graduation. I not believe It. I believe it. Like watching families cheer for their, their their kid and they going up there getting all of the little, there's a rope for this award. There's a rope for this award.


Then there's a, they just, some of them kids, some of them kids where they go John J. Law universe, like bro, like how do you not, I was crying all day in there, man. I like shit like that dog, That shit especially. And and and he, he was in the private school. Yeah. So imagine when you start seeing some of the kids in the public schools that really had shitty upbringings. That's why I kind of did this shit. Not even pat myself on the back, but did shit with the prom shit. Like a lot of these kids wouldn't have went to the prom. My nigga donating money for clothes. They don't have it. Yeah. They just don't have it. So a kid that might be coming from a fucked up circumstance, like going getting a full ride to Johns Hopkins or get, You know what I mean?


Yeah. Or whatever school. I'm just making up some shit. But getting a full ride to Brown or some schools that's cost more than your mother made for the last five years. You got a full Ride. Yeah. Some of these kids are gonna change their family's lineage trajectory forever. Yeah. It It be people up there, y'all. I'm a first generation college graduate. Shit like that college graduate Attendee. Attendee. Yeah. You right. Attendee. Yeah. That shit is, that shit is real and it's powerful. Yeah. Yeah. No, for real. Where y'all wanna go? Where y'all wanna go? Where y'all wanna go? Well you talked NBA draft. You want to talk about Dylan Brooks and his situation? Mm. What's going on? What's going on?


Him and his baby mom going at it. Yeah. He's filed a was he's a restraining order. Restraining order and Dylan Brooks is a guard on the now Phoenix Sons. Right. He's down in the rocket. Just got trades. Just got traded this week. Alright. So he's on the sons. He's on the sons. So he had a, he had a restraining order against his baby mom from November of last year set to expire at the end of this month. His baby mom is the one that him and Drake was beefing about. That's new to me. Yeah. That's news to me. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. Y'all didn't know what That Drake, that him and Drake's beef beefing over anytime. Y'all don't know something. It make me seem like the a way messier bitch than I'm, and I'm and I'm a messy bitch. But yeah, they, they, and I don't know this t Not You, but do you know what she looked like?


This is real tea actually. There was a, there was something going around where they was pulling all the lyrics from the, from that damn Drake album that was about her and dissing him. I know that Drake was That's a different girl. It's A different girl. Okay. Different girl. Okay. Got it. Good. This a different girl. Got it. Well yeah, He, he put out a bunch of text messages. So the finger in the mailbox thing is a coincidence because in the Dylan Brooks readings, he filed a restraining order saying Hey, she threatened to cut my fingers off and have 'em mailed to my family. And that is a Drake lyric also.


I didn that. I'm totally being coincidence. I don't know I'm taking y'all word that It is not the girl. I don't know the girl I didn about girl for the girl. I Don look, I mean if That, but they have been beefing over some girl. That Makes a lot of sense then because in her message she's tells him I will have your fingers cut off and you'll never play basketball again. And then she also made a comment about I see why people are racist. Yeah. I see why she called him a nigga in one of them. What? Allegedly. Well, yeah, allegedly. Allegedly. We don't Know because you know how screenshots came. He's The heavy, heavy accusation. Yes. Yes You are correct. If you say to somebody, I understand if you're white and you say to a black person, I understand how people could be racist.


You're racist. Yeah. It is. Fuck she's saying she's racist. That's, that person is saying they Don't, I don't think they know that. That's what they saying. No, I think they know. They know. I think they know exactly what they saying. I get it. Fuck you talking about. Yeah. How could you not know? You basically saying, I see why people racist. Meaning that you black motherfuckers be on some bullshit or y'all less than or y'all are inferior or a bunch of other things that you can assume that they mean to me. That statement says everything that they say about y'all history, y'all It is true. Yeah. Or anything that Ain negative history about y'all is true. You're proving it. Fuck you talking about? Yeah. No I'm skipping the psychology part. 'cause some of these niggas like racist white girls and that's a separate conversation.


It is, It is disgusting. On another note, they, I just saw a post about, a black author writes a bestselling children's book for black boys about the dangers of trusting snow bunnies. Ooh. Hey what It's called Stay Away from Sneaky Snow Bunnies by J Clapping. Look, Somebody I'm clapping up for that one personally, I would actually like to read this just to, you know, for context. But I feel like it's one of that, one of that dis disrespect your snow bunny side. You know, listen, Are you, are you throwing it away? Are you fully black? You know, don't ask me that. That's, that's entrapment. It is. You Right. That is entrapment like a motherfucker.


You had checked this before about how You Right. I apologize. Ment like a motherfucker. Okay. Because I will be reminded every step of the way about the one drop rule and anything else. Did You go through that as a child? Did you go through, did you, did you suffer from that? And I know No. Okay. No simple answer is no, in Canada it's, it's just very, it's different. It's very different. Got it. Than, well, I will say in Toronto, that was not my experience. The experiences that I've heard from biracial children out here. Got You. Okay. Got it. Where they're like, what are you Got it. Which Side do you choose? It wasn't like that there. So anyw who Thank You all for that. Didn't Really wanna, Why you gotta don't thank us. Why don't thank us? That Was Informative And I appreciate that.


And it was vulnerable. It was, it was Let's get right to TPA versus Drake. Yes. Yes. Okay. As soon as I find my little, Ah, Where Ain got that ass nigga. Yo, yo. What? I don't know. He thought he this crazy shit. Yeah, that Was crazy. That was Nice. Okay. Got my little wire here. He got a charger in his ass Tpa. Oh, oops. Alright. TPA versus Drake. Here we go. And we Learn from Drake. And here's the crazy thing, one thing I learned from Drake, but one thing thing, he hasn't followed his own words. Drake said, I wanna be one of them people that gracefully powwow and not get kicked out. Mm. IIII have ever since said Yeah you really, I appreciate y'all.


I'll see y'all. I'll see y'all when I dropped. Don't worry about it. I'll just drop off. Let lemme know if you heard it. Yeah. Drake is like, no listen. Okay I got another one. Oh, check this out. Check this out. Y'all didn't like that one. Okay, real quick. Just one more. Lemme try one more. And then he's the person that he said, you know, he didn't want to be. And I learned that from him. Like when he said that I want to gracefully bow out and not get kicked out, I was like, you know what, lose your out. This bitch Is live shows now I'm out this motherfucker. I'm not trying to impress y'all niggas. Y'all niggas don't give a fuck if I live or die. Yeah. Why the fuck would I keep trying to impress y'all? I'm out, I'm done.


I did everything that I was trying to do. I changed the game. I made a sound. What else? What else? You literally can't, you, It is Only even if you make A hit today. It is, it it, it won't even It is just, it's normal. Yes. It's just normal. It's like yeah that's okay. Well shit who off? That's what T Payne had to say. And Drake responded with a tweet, right. Joe Biden Instagram, I believe Instagram Comment With a tweet. He was On Facebook. I thought it was a tweet Like that that, let's hear, let's hear it. Drake said what Drake said. This guy always had resentment for me. You can hear it every time he speaks on my name.


I don dunno if I hear resentment there. Well Listen, it could, it could be if he's saying like every time this dude say my name is something negative, he could just have a thing against me and he's never gonna speak positive of me. Basically take whatever he say with a grain of salt because it's coming from a place of resentment. Before we get to the resentment part, what did you guys think of t Payne's assertion? I disagree. I think that he got kicked out. If he would've just left after getting your ass whoop by Kendrick, then you get kicked out. You didn't leave under your own terms. You didn't leave under your own. You know what I'm saying? I think that He's scratching and clawing to get back into an industry that he wanna put some more music out and redeem himself.


So I think the, the way he going about It is what he gotta do. And especially if you're not getting no push from the label. 'cause a couple of them songs that he put out wasn't that bad. We came in here and played like two of them that weren't that bad that if he would've been getting his normal Drake Buzz and his normal Drake push, they might have went. You know what I'm saying? I think now he's scratching and clawing to get back into a mainstream. I mean he is mainstream right now. Nokia is A hit. No, I said fav. Oh that's Nokia is a hit. It is. You're not gonna be outside and not hear Nokia. I don on my Phone. It is a hit just by, It is a hit. But like I now listen to the radio. I never used to, but now I just want to hear what's going because you know, we know how radio works so now I'm paying more attention to that.


Nokia is a hit. Yeah It is. It is undeniable that I don like the song. But I Love it. I get, I get it. I, but I still, I still don't think he's being looked at like Drake. I think he needs a couple more, you know what I'm saying? Slaps to get his off back. Personally, even prior to the Kendrick, you know, I came in here. I didn't like his previous projects. I didn't, I thought he was kind of in a slump anyway. But as far as the leave without being kicked out, shit who he don't ever have to leave. Well we came, I don't even like that argument. We Came in here and talked about the fact that it seemed like he needed, he needed to take a break. He needed to take a self-imposed kind of hiatus, which he wasn't doing. And then we discussed, you know, what the label, what responsibilities he might still have with the label, which is why he's not taking a break.


But bef, before the beef even started, everybody was, we were kind of like in consensus up here that he should take. And I think that's, I wouldn't need that. I think that he, that's what he's talking about here. Not a, not a permanent leave. Just like there was a point in which you Respectfully to T-Pain. You've never made it to the level where Drake is A lot comes with that. And sometimes those who hit that level want to stay there and anybody else know once you take a break, somebody else take your spot. So you, that's why I, I looked at Drake's discography from oh 7 0 8. He ain't went Maybe nine months, 10 months without dropping something.


I'm talking about a project, whether it be a mix tape of the consider the playlist album. He don't go too long without a drop every year. It may not all be albums, but he's been very, very, very continuous. Dropping music, dropping music, dropping music consistent. And that's what consistent, excuse me, that's what helped him get that run and stay there. So to him it's like yo, I want to be number one on all the charts. I wanna break all the records. I don't care about what y'all, if y'all think the music ain't the best music quality in the world, I want to stay at number one and outrun everybody. And to do that I have to be current because they don't give a fuck about what what you did last, last month.


Your graceful graceful exit. Graceful exit. Never said I was exiting with all of the people I came with and all of the people I acquired along the way. I get it that there are, let's call it 25% of people that view Drake differently out after that battle. Even if you want to up that percentage to 35, let's call it 65. Thirty five, thirty five people that may view Drake differently. If Drake loses 40% of who Drake was, then nigga that's still Drake and you still gotta deal with him. He's still gonna sell records. I don't think the number's that high by The way. I don't think so with them.


I think they fickle. Yeah in terms of actual like I'm gonna listen To or purchase or go to a show or whatever. I don't think that that probably impacts that. I Don't think he budgets for him really, really The battle. Yeah, I don Think so. No. He's 100% seen differently by no for sure that's True. People true bro. The perception might be different. His perceived different perception is different on him. That's because He's Still him. He hasn't dropped that. Drake Hit when he drops the Drake hit. Perception was damage was done. I don't want to get back in the last year. Yeah damage was done. I agree with that said significant damage. Yeah. Yeah. With that said, he's still Drake, he's still gonna sell records, he's still gonna be number one. Niggas are still gonna listen. He's still gonna tour. He's still going to create his own path because like I said, ain't nobody been, Nobody did This.


Ain't nobody's been at this level. On the flip side of that, niggas that hate you are gonna hate You. Right. And there's nothing you can do about that. So if that's T-Pain, if that's me, if that's whoever It is and that impacts their commentary, then I don't want to hear Drake respond every time he thinks somebody is saying something outta shade. If you wanna do it, cool. But nah, he, he should, he should be on a mission right now. And this is coming from I think the 21 album is is Fire. I think that the party album is fire. Like I call him on a little lightweight run. It ain't the Drake run that we know it to to be. It's not Drake though. Yeah it's it's Different. It ain't the Drake run. We know it to be because he doing all his Playboy cardio, all this other, it's just this.


He's in a listen let that let people You fighting. I think you're fighting to have something stick to the wall. If nothing sticks to the wall, he's still Drake and you gotta deal with him. I don't think he thinks that Well that's different. You get what I'm saying? Well that's different. I think he want to come reclaim his, reclaim his spot And I'm not mad at that I don't think if that's how he feels internally, then who the fuck is T-Pain to tell him ride off into the sunset. Yeah. I don't Know if creative outside Everybody saying That creatives or musicians specifically can have to ever feel like they need to retire. They rarely don't. You know what I mean? So We, we got rumors that Jay-Z having an album coming Right? Yeah. But there's something to be said for how you retire. True. But a Kobe retirement is still a Kobe retirement and it's reserved for the greats and Drake that Great.


So we're talking about Parks. Yeah. Well yeah we talk Father Tom plays a part in the Kobe retirement. But how you don't, father Tom don't play a part in Drake retiring. Drake don't have to retire. No. I think you're talking about the perception of the retirement. Yeah. Yeah I think you're talking about that. So if Drake re selled off into the sunset on his own terms, he can give you a one album every four or five years. Right. By all intents and purposes he's retired right. And he just come out changes JayZ I'll retire. That would be he That's output. That would be retirement. That's ideal. But he's very much active. Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing. He's Out here, he's nowhere near retirement from what it seems. If I'm just reading the tea leaves and when he decides to retire, there will be the parade down 34th street.


I think so. It ain't many rappers active right now that's getting the parade. I know. All of y'all think that your shit don't stink. All of y'all ain't going get a fear. Well it's like Draymond told fucking Paul Pierce nigga you ain't Kobe. A lot of times, most of the, not most, a lot of rappers are the last one to find out that they retired too. Yeah. And Paul Pierce last, last season, that game in Boston. Boston Ain. Golden State at the free throw line. Draymond was on the bench. Say You ain't Kobe, we ain't, we ain't jacking this whole retirement. You're not getting that from us. So yikes. Now I got this clip from when T-Pain did did Humans with me.


And he said this, I think this is around the time Scorpion dress. I'll tell you what I couldn't do, I couldn't listen to side B of Corp band with you couldn't do it. Well yes, was too Romantic, couldn't do it. Not even that. What would being the romantic part, I couldn't argue about side B with you. It would just be too much. We argued about side B. Oh we would argue so much about Simon because first of all, half of it's me. Let's just get that out the way. Half Half of It is what Me nigga. So I get that I love you.


And that was what, 2018 or so? I don't remember when it was but it was a while ago. Yeah. So I mean clearly there may be some truth to what Drake is saying. True. Yeah. I never really peeped the T-Pain and Drake beef over the years. I don. But why would he be, why would Drake be surprised that he's resented? True You're resented but maybe Hi him doing that. He not surprised. It is. I'm letting y'all know, don't pay no sense to what this nigga's saying because he has resentment. A lot of people might not know that. So they might just hear T Payne and say, oh shit T Payne is saying this. Yeah, but that Drake gotta come out and say, yo, he's bitter. I get that. But that makes it sound like the resentment negates the sentiment.


And that's a, that's that's it could to a lot of folks. Yeah. But it also can't, and framing it one way makes it look like because there's resentment, there's no truth to anything that this person ever has to say. Or it could be like, yo, when it come to me, he's gonna say the bullshit just because he's biased. That's True. It is a very big bias. Let me let y'all know ahead of time when you hear him speak on me, take it with a grain of salt. 'cause he on my, he's on my I do that. Let's get somewhere else. If, if you are TPA with all that you've contributed to music and you hear Drake disc two of Scorpion or anything that may be T-Pain esque to him. How do you feel?


Are you angry? Are you mad? Do does that, do you harbor resentment? Are you, is it depends on what, but my thing with T-Pain is, yo, once you let it go, it ain't yours no more. Once you put the album out, it's not yours. TheARTI belongs to other people. You can't be mad at how your art inspires the world. So Are you in the interview, did you get the feeling that his resentment or whatever, however we're gonna say It, is based on I didn't a, a lack of homage being paid To him. I didn't recognize that there was resentment until this line of, hey I, I listened to this to a scorpion and I hear me, but T Payne is such a goat to me. Yeah, that you Say that for a lot of People, right? By the way, yeah, that, that, that don't, that don't say beef to me.


You are a goat and you inspired many people and niggas It is jacking some of that. So in High school y'all looked at this. What? That's the one with jaded, right? Yeah. I'm looking at what's T Payne Jaded. If I hear jaded, I'm T Payne, I'm tight. I'm not. I am. And and read. Read the track list. I'll tell you what's It Ain. All right. Peak summer games jaded. Nice. For what? Finesse Ratchet. Happy Birthday. Whoa, whoa whoa, whoa. Summer games I think hold up. There's another RB record on there that's T panes Summer Out of out. Well out 13 records up here.


Oh I don't think this is it. This ain't this ain't it. Won't you follow me friends, you unfollow me. If I'm T-Pain, I don't pay it no money. If I hear jaded then I'm T-Pain. I feel the way I don't but J But if it's two or three outta 13, that's what I'm saying. Blue tint in my feelings don't matter to me after Dark Final Fantasy March 14th. Now if I have resentment and I'm looking for a reason, I might say that if I'm T-Pain I got a problem when Shut It Down came out with dream. That's different. That's that. I could get that. I understand. But if you understand that then we don't have to focus on whether T-Pain got the album wrong.


We've highlighted where T-Pain could build resentment. I'm hearing somebody Sound like a little bit more Than that. Take a look. Well maybe It is Ain ain't spoke to pain about it and I'm not, I'm not rapping for either side. I don't have a horse in his face. Me neither. Me neither. I'm just, just Objectively listen. I respect 'em and they and they both goats to me They sound a little bit more than just Like you fucking with a It Ain bitch It Ain. Married. No, no, no, no, no. I wasn't even saying that but a lot of times somebody come in get hot, you hear you, you know you wanna work with 'em or something. Drake, I don't know of any Drake T-Pain records. Okay so I might not have did that with you. Nah, I'm cool. T-Pain ain't been popping like that in a minute and now I feel away. Well I Bet T-Pain is also extremely close with Lil Wayne.


So while you don't have T-Pain and Drake records, you have a bunch of T and Wayne records Whole out whole project. Can't believe it Leads back to my theory that I ain't saying yet. That I've already said I read Something else. I've said it mad why people don't, but It is I'm right but even I'm right but not back then. You think back then too. Yes. Yes. I'm I Don Dunno long, long Time said I think the second homeboy stepped to them like, yo what? Listen I'm me, I don't know what this contract said. Gimme a fuck about it. I'm not fucking with y'all. It was up. Yeah I'm outta here. I don't give a fuck about what you're talking about. They said Drake allegedly I read something online.


Drake was supposed to send a verse for one of T-Pain songs and T-Pain had held his album up waiting for Drake and Drake never Sent it. Now See that I would believe somebody to have some resentment over because again, and especially depending on when that album was coming, a Drake verse would've done a lot for your album. Yeah, yeah. So I held my album up. You didn't send a verse. So if that's true then you know where my resentment come from then that would make sense. So why you on the internet acting like you shocked at my resent? He not Acting like he shocked he's nah he just Said I'm just telling y'all Ain shocked. He's saying yo this he's exactly what he From. He's also burying the reason why which would lead people to be like yeah nigga I'd be resentful Too.


Not me. No yo dog, if you, you and you saying you you and you this creative dope ass nigga you wanted to goat, you don't need me nigga go do what you doing without me. That's good. It Ain ain't wanna See that In H Look that's Not true. No, no. And in Hindsight and in hindsight I'm happy I ain't seeing you. That shit you All of that's great. You have to say that. Yeah if you promise somebody or or or or on the verbal tips say you got a verse for me Joe, I'm sending it to you. You don't have it yet. And the other person says okay I'm holding my album waiting Ajo you added, you added that. Come on now we talking music industry. Well No he just read this. Hold Up. No, hold on, hold on, hold on. He's saying Su supposedly if It is, I don't know if he might.


And if you say yo dog, I'm gonna hold up my album till you send me the verse. That's one thing T-Pain saying yo I held up my album 'cause I thought he had a verse coming is a totally different thing. How many people, you said I got a verse, you got a verse coming and never sent a verse and you just said last episode you told Mad Niggas y'all got a verse coming your way and you never sent, you didn't do that. You said that that's a part of y'all industry games that Y'all play. Yeah. Yes it happens. And I say it a lot 'cause it's a funny joke. I mean it happens real. Yeah. When you're dealing artist to artist with two people, that's popping and and it's the level of one of them being able to tell you I'm holding my album. That's very different from you just telling niggas you Threw something in there too.


Again, I'm not trying to be disrespectful. You did throw something in there, you threw something in there. Did what? You said two of 'em popping. No Ain No you and you said yo one of us told the other stop I'm tpa was I'm not saying I'm, I I never said was not popping. I'm not gonna say that I love T-Pain. T-Pain was T-Pain at all times. I agree. He may not be Drake but he's T true. You just said we both popping but no you said no we not. I Didn't say hot. I Didn't say hot. We we not popping. That's depending On Are you talking about levels though? When does the I'm Not saying can't. I'm not doing I'm What I what you said that I all right let you said that. He told him, yo, I'm holding up my album for you. He might not have told him, yo, I'm holding up my album for you. That changes the thing. Let's not do Samantha if he didn't tell him that I could still see why T-Pain would have a resentment.


See I don't play none of that shit. No mind see hey do see freeze. What You talking about is when me and and and homeboy talked and Starlings and he promised me a verse. I wasn't bopping at all. So when the verse never came, the verse just don't come and everybody going about their business. If somebody is looking at that differently, I could see how they would look at him differently is all I'm saying. That's Fine. Okay. You found the tweet from 2011. I know y'all waiting on the album but the last thing I need is a verse from Drake and the album is complete. TT Payne wrote that 1 30 11 Now, now I'm not sending the verse 2011. Yo y'all Act like this shit don't what was, what was Drake's Y'all position album? What did Drake drop? And It is gonna make me sound like I'm standing for homeboy like y'all niggas act like y'all don't understand how the music business go like dog, I might not fuck with you like that.


And I might have said that. I don't know what their relationship is like. What I'm saying is dog even you tweeting that Ish and ice different Twitter back in that time Ish and ice. What I'm saying What Drake was in two, I'm sorry Joe. What Drake was did we have in 2011? Drake is Drake in 2000. Exactly. And T saying Y'all In thousand 11 he was on the way. I'm looking at the records that came out in 2011. Just the features not even him. 'cause T pays album run The one that, the ones that we talked about that stopped in oh eight. Yeah it was about that. I don't understand what is to Saying. I'm saying that that whole T-Pain wasn't T-Pain in 11. Not that T-Pain that everybody cared to. Oh he's hottest fish grease. He wasn't that. So you and Drake was, my argument is not T-Pain was hottest Fish grease.


My argument is T-Pain is Tain. I'm still T-Pain. I understand That all. I'm not talking about his relevance and his what records you doing all that? I'm not, I'm not doing that. I'm saying because of what has already been done. T Payne pay is t Payne. Cool. That's it. I Get that. I'm not comparing him to Drake nor am I saying that that Drake is right or wrong in this. I'm only saying I see T Payne's resentment. Okay. I'm not saying that Drake is wrong for nothing. He did. Oh okay, okay. Yeah I See that ain't what I'm doing. I see the resentment. That's all I was doing. I see the resentment. That's all I was doing. I don't have, I see the resentment, I don't have a right or Wrongness. I definitely, I see the resentment niggas I get And I See that. I see you're not getting birth. Yeah Nigga I'm, I get what y'all trying to tell me.


I get that. I get you. No I 'cause I I don't think three years is a big deal. I think T-Pain and music three years is a lifetime has That at that time it was today it Ain't T-Pain was still T-Pain in 2011. But what I'm saying is this disagree now I don't send you a verse now you saying my album is you the second part of my album is you, you saying all of these negative things about me in the press, I'm happy I ain't seen your ass A verse. Yep. I'm happy Ain ain't seen your a verse. We deserve a a a Drake fan Song. We did, we did. Especially just as as fans. Absolutely shit as fans I take that today. Yeah No Disrespect but we got BOB on up down. I could have been Drake, I mean Do no disrespect.


I'm just gonna be disrespectful. Nah, I ain't trying to be disrespectful of nobody either. But I again, we see this shit happen all the time and we see some artists hold it as and and it turns into a resentment and other ones be like all right Fuck that nigga, I'm gonna go do what I do. Yeah I'm gonna go do what I do and then I'm gonna get so hot that he might wanna come jump on my shit. I could see Drake having told that. I'll give you a verse line to almost everybody in the business. Yes. Oh sure. And so it was just lip service times 10. Yeah times 10. Everybody, everyone Does that though. So From what I hear that's What everybody ain't him. True. When when someone of that magnitude says it you change your plans. Yeah that's just like nigga them bro. Drake told everybody he do a pod with 'em.


True. You get what I'm saying now. Now that's like to now have a resentment because oh he didn't do yo the nigga said he was gonna come sit with me but he didn't come sit with me. Kevin Hart told Monique I do Something I don't tell every anybody I do Paul Monique Know Monique ran and told them. I'm saying told them Drake said that people y'all gotta Kevin Hart being in my next movie so yeah get that budget ready. But at one point he tried to do a pod with people Really? I'm just Not a pod but at one of them, one of them album cycles, he was trying something where he was inviting all the media people to come to him and then you get your Oh yeah allotted amount of time. That's where Elliot went Went up there if I'm not mistaken. Right. No it was after that. No that was after That. After that, after that Elliot was supposed to go, Gilley's supposed to go and we was supposed to go, a bunch of people was supposed to go but it just never happened.


Oh okay. And that's him, him and his people controlling that it again and I ain't Yeah you know what that them control. Yeah At not at all. But yeah I'm I I get it. We as fans deserved a T-Pain and Drake record some, some shit in music is just like a travesty. It is just like Ain nigga Petty shoulda got that but if we missed the boat, we missed the boat. Yeah That boat gone. No we missed the boat. It's fine. We got enough Drake and Dream for me to be all right. I got enough Drake and Drake One of y'all wanna pull up this Ross record with Pharrell. No Sure No. Have you heard it? Do we have to?


I clicked on it in the new music section today. That's my new Thursday. Thursday on Friday morning ritual I wasn't copped up, you know what I mean? And I see Ross name and get excited for music and Pharrell on a tear with the clips immediately bro. So I got excited thinking that this was about to be something. I Ran to it. I'm already Turned off. I'm not gonna hold you. I was like where we going? Some big boy He found the Pharrell beat from 19 2009. Yeah 1995. That's Aon.


Everybody Niggas smoke broke. That nigga sound Confused. I didn that nigga trying To put out a one dance. That nigga sound confused. I don't know who I want, what I want this be. I like your style. I didn't make it that far into the record. Lemme hear something first. Oh Yeah you can cut that off.


You got it. Cut that one off. Distinguish panel how we feel it. If I were pll I would've said you you gotta wait. Like things are looking good for for what I got going on. We're hot Right now. Might have had this shit forever. This All the hard shit I gave to the clips but hold I got, I got this pack for you. This Is called nah nah this called, that ain't how that went. Ross said Oh shit this nigga bubbling out here, let me, let me go throw this record I have for 12 years out. Yeah This shit is, they could have kept this. Yeah That's true 'cause we are music lovers. But I'm gonna try to defend Ross a little bit. If Pharrell's in the studio he comes with a certain amount of acclaim and respect.


If he plays the joint that you not necessarily feeling and he's in there doing that. Pharrell see producers cell a beats of course. Yeah. So if he in there doing the dance and singing different hooks and his people in there jamming, I could see you taking that and trying it and putting it out again, putting it out part, you gotta be a musician to, you know how many niggas didn't like or wasn't in love with the single they got from Pharrell until Pharrell said this is our single and then it took off. There's a lot of those stories. So I'm just saying that you have to, you have to at Least gotta trust a little bit. And I ain't saying you got to but you gotta li you gotta at least listen when.


But but see one of Rick Ross' strengths though Production Yeah. Is hi or his knack of just picking beats. Yeah. And I'm not even the music nigga. I know that. Yeah. Ross always got fire production. He Got a ear. Yeah. Is Pharrell on this? It says feature Pharrell, but I didn make it part. I didn't get that shows up. Can you forward it? Just find him Please. No. Yeah, I don't want my Ears. Please know. Got See He raps. Because even that would be something if, if Pharrell's not, if it's just a beat, he's not on there at all. But you, it's Becoming common to tag a producer as a feature when they're not. Especially when it's Pharrell right now. Correct. Just, just curious that Nah, Get Ross's trying to catch one too.


That ain't, I don't want to hear songs where it sound like somebody's trying to catch one in 2025. Yeah. Especially somebody that Thes caught a Bunch of them that knows how to Do it. The trying to catch one era should be over. It should be done. You out your mother. No, no. I disagree with That. It should be done. Especially when ain't one out here right Now. That's 'cause there ain't no rappers. It's three rappers. It's three rappers. Where you about to get a rap song from? Niggas are not dropping yo, they ain't a rapper. Ain't a rapper in sight. You talking about you better be happy somebody for the record out. What's up flip? No, I said speaking of raw, did you guys see the French Montana interview when he got up? When they asked him? When the lady asked him about Drake and Ross?


Riley. Oh Riley. Oh Yeah, that was Riley And he got up and walked off. I didn't See that. No I didn't See that. I saw it. I Saw it. What did you think about that Joe? It looked like he had given a list of things that he didn't want to talk about and it looked like she asked it anyway and he booed. Simple as that. I ain't mad at it. Everybody handle that differently. Some interviewers think they can get it off and you gotta deal with what comes with that. But listen, I'm from the school. I love a podcast walkout. Yeah, you you, you stay. I have nothing. Nothing takes us outta here like a podcast walkout. You threw the headphones too? Yeah. Yeah. Dramatic. Dramatic. I mean he was like, yo, I'm double parked outside. I'll be back. Yeah. But I like when Ross walked off of fucking That's funny.


So 85 South. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I love when he walked out he didn't say a word. He just walked out. That was funny. They thought he was coming back. That was funny. That's my guys. Yeah. I love a good one. I love Ross. I don't, I don't, I don know. I I Wait, we We love you Ross. This this ain't it. Yeah. This one ain't it. And that's fine. Ain't about the money. Yeah. It ain't like I don't, I don't doubt hiss capability. So Nah, He be back. Yeah, I'm, I'm cool. He'll be back. He'll be back. That sounds Like some shit that would be played in like parties in Europe It sounds Yeah it sounds like a soundtrack record or something like that. Yeah they driving a car, Car Fromage Movie. They driving a car like An movie like Monte Carlo or some shit like that. Shit. Maybe it's for F1.


Who knows? And and it's not as much as out as much as we love you Ross. We love music up here too much to even discuss that record any further. When things like this is going on, Slow down with the fake shit, It is a yield sign. No doubt niggas hate me but I still gotta hold down. It's a hometown that believe in me whole time I've been going time to be showtime let squad side maybe Courtside spot game and tried Parkway. He's with the game but the score tab when it's war time leave very damn horizon. Never had my heart heal. Ben had my heart broke. Nigga sound hot. Bitches say house soap. I'm in Blanco trying to get out some white black made back like 11. Conquer on the drop number eight. Ain being patient of my patron again picking out flavors and frustrated for real.


But I'm not blazing a pay Jason for that. Look at my glac look I've been a topic baby. You gotta know the optic bad. But look you not to worry. Hurry and drop already. This on me that I'm ready. Don't really rock with anyone. Ain ain't ready. I gotta watch my thoughts. My heart too. Look what I done. Fuck these shots. My influence Earth. Where the dick riders? I don't bother anybody. My eye gonna be on vibrate. Will This is fire.


This is ridiculous. This is Absolutely fire saying some Shit. This is absolutely it went crazy amazing. This is the Wale that a lot of people have been waiting to see. Word. This is the Wale that a lot of Wale fans knew existed. This is the Wale that can be put up against any other rapper in the world right here. Fans. They outta High Street guys should be in the stands. Everybody playing on you. Look they won't bust. They won't fly. Don't go towards the that toe to toe with niggas that back forth for y'all. They asked what'd I do? I shoulda have laughed at oh they got a bone and pick you nigga. See you gone into one scrap removed to break it down for y'all. We all got a bag. It's about the side you on. It's like that but the slight nigga don't like But I get it when the tie switch get a light jacket.


I swimming through the height shit look my stroke natural. I felt like Mike felt nigga I flow 2, 2, 3 like Mike like bro two, three things less like that. Y'all excuse me. Ain had to move back to seconds now move forward. Everybody saying y'all cyclone killer man y'all have one y'all 24 hours and 48 laws. That's seven. Two reasons y'all cutting. Y'all lost y'all really so pickle. Y'all really so flawed. Y'all really just said ain't checking for alarm on my leg. Not the one that sing song just on those number one boy. But you slow down with the face. Yeah got a stop sign whole time brother. You sign but he stop trying to heal crash out. Real, real. I be outside. Everybody better stop trying when I around Ain that feel like I need healing for real. Hell nah. I'ma feel what I feel is real good back Nigga.


Hostile bitches. How up? I beeno internet of my zone black back. Like another gone course. Yeah about to drive number eight again. Sorry I couldn't find a spot to cut it off. Yeah But look at my woo. You good start For Lauren? Yeah This tough Down Wale great great Kaliii. That address, this was just, that was a phenomenal display of penmanship. Yeah That's not an easy pizza wrap over either. I'm about to say also picking a pocket. Yeah flowing like that. He body that shit Joe.


That was absolutely amazing. If you coming like this on the album then I Shit I got him at three for three so far. 'cause I fucked with the Blanco record. I Like that. I love the single. The Single. It is dope. Where to start. And now a freestyle too. You covering all Yeah Ute. He just dropped this on YouTube or something. Right? It is. It is not on Ds YouTube. Yo. This is how you gotta come out. That's like who gotta come out. Joe can't do that. Did you see the leak coming out? Talk to me about that. Oh Shit. Oh nigga that should fucked me up.


Oh shit. You get your shit off. Yeah we sold the leak. Nigga slow down with the fake shit. Yeah see coming after where to start. Yo, this is old school where you put out a dope single and then put out stuff on all the shit to support, no support. It completely Right. This I don where to stop but I just, hey Let's go. I Don dunno what we but I just, let's go. I don know where to stop but I just wanna show you what It is. I'm about lower my god to kill me now.


Unless you want. You blow my mind. You blow my mind man. What are you showing over here? What's going on? So, so I saw, I thought she no disrespect. I thought she had a rough night with one of her young niggas 'cause she had a bruise here. Yo, why are you, I'm just saying in this lady Yo bro Private business that she got A room. I had a tap. Yo, you good? Like she got a bruise nigga. Yes. And she's covering it with this fucking Allen Iversson sleeve.


She keep, she keep wearing. I thought Jamal with the as. No the answer Right there. Right. I am the answer. She, She was just showing me what she did. Some cupping, Some Ain, some cupping. You know the badies bruise Easy man. Cupping bruises You. No, she showed me. Yeah she showed me. Cupping is crazy. That shit work. Yeah. Feel good. That's hot. Yes. Hell no. It don't feel good. Oh. I like pain. You wasn't asking me. Wait, wait, hold on, hold on. He wasn't asking you. Easy. Easy man. Don't say I like pain like that. What'd you say? I like pain. Oh a MAs. That's a masochist. A masochist. Yeah man you are not a damn masochist. I mean I Do like So you like physical pain? I didn. I'm not mental pain. Absolutely because you Ain. If you like mental pain, you put out the video.


God, sorry I you're Not even supposed to be here. You supposed to just be dock and this is why shit. It is this behavior. It is this behavior right here. Man. Mel. Not with me getting docked though. She not with me. You know better she don't give a fuck. I get docked. Yeah you know better that she don't Give a fuck. Oh No. It's a thing You get docked too. Yep. Male is Philadelphia. Selfa, Queen's not helping you. Trying get this Lexus stuff Nigga. Hey yo. So you know what up Trying to get this m bmw W not plus a cellular. We're not surrounding ourselves my nigga. But we was getting our shit off last year. Boy. Paid full getting my contact like this. Hey now nigga came any up Ain the nigga up.


Nigga came while being up looked at the books. Hold up. Come on let's start doxing. These niggas, y'all wanna do this shit nigga. I was taking like five days off man. I sure Will. I love when some of y'all up here speak as if you speaking for the cast. You ever notice when your cast alienates the message I'm from Nigga. Do you notice that though? I'm just asking if you, them niggas are professionals because you and Mel, do y'all notice when the cast alienates y and what you got going on? I Definitely notice you Love it. Definitely Notice I throw you in this, This Ish. Look at male shave your ass. I know This, I know of. Shit. I'm ignoring the group chat. Shit. Shit. He love you. He love you too much Ish. He love you too much. Nigga Ish said y'all got a funeral nigga in in Nebraska. Yo Ish got afu. He come up here yo guys, this ain't coming today.


Nigga called me this morning Ish. You get away with it nigga. I gotta be grandfather Bitch talking to me like I work for him. But that's why it works. He should text me at 1145. Yeah I just left a crib man. Yo, that's not true. Like oh alright. She say that Yo, he text me at noon. Traffic crazy today. Like It is small. What I'm gonna do about it? Nothing. Nothing. And I gotta stop and get something to eat. Yeah. I'm hungry too. You want, So you want sauce. That's his line. You want something? I want you to bring your fucking freeze. What? Talking about the nigga asked Joe, you Want big cheese?


He called Joe and see y'all passing the spot. That's not True. Joe said nigga no s not it's noon. Yeah, I remember that shit. Oh shit. Remember you remember that shit? That nigga called one thing he called with nut shit. Yo. It It is a Tuesday. Yo I'm in North Carolina. But wait, why 4th of July is coming to get fireworks, firework, wholesale joint to get the chief fireworks. But I'll be, I'll be right back. Be right back. I'll be right back down there. Wholesale Georgia know we gonna flip these, flip these. That nigga broke his foot was like, yo, I'm in Cali.


Mark, mark recommended someone. I'm like nigga not. I don't give a Fuck about bro. Niggas think I'm way more empathetic than I anyway. What else? What else? Yeah, I had a question for you. Oh, get your shit off. So I wanted to know how you felt about the, the bag fuel interview. You gotta give us some context. The Bag fuel interview they did with Saigon. Do you look at them differently? 'cause I know you and I are COE. I'm with it. I, and I've done interviews where people have talked about others and especially people that I'm close with. But I take a, I take of a, I take a different stance.


I'm more aggressive with my stance. But I also do believe in content over everything. I believe in that if you have a product, you put it out. It is what It is. We signed up for this. Everybody has their opinion. But I also feel like if somebody bless somebody or somebody come to the platform and they're bigger than you and they rock what you did for the lookout, you should handle them with a little bit more care. This is how I feel. You know what I mean? So I wanted to ask you, how did the, how did you look at that situation? Do you even care about the situation? No, I don't get about it. I have a, I I have a healthy, I have a healthy respect for the game that I signed up for. Yeah. Like I view it like you, the game is the game. Yeah. So you know what niggas is doing to, to get their numbers up and like niggas are moving a certain way.


So I don't have, and y'all know how I feel about words. Like words are empty unless you put power to them. So I don't care about that. I don I don't care about that. Now am I gonna just pop right back up over there? No, because I gotta distance myself from places that caused me harm. Especially after I just left there. But it's not a beef with them. It's not a beef. That's just a self preservation for me. Do you feel like, Hmm. So you don't feel a way but you just, you gonna distance. So the distancing yourself is acknowledging that yo, what y'all did, I just don't stand for So you all, you all kind of ridiculing The accident. No, not, not at all. Again, we have this talk up here a lot.


We do. There's too much money out there to be made for me to not understand why people are running their content. That they content. You always say that there's, the way that they run it, get to it. I don't have no beef with that. I can't just come pop up over here again after I just left when the second I turned my back. We will allow that type of conversation to go unchecked. Got it. But it's no beef. I still support those guys. They got gimme two that they got clue over there. Shout, shout the clue. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, Ain ain't fair. No mind it's like It is is slow and has been for a long time too. Were you shooting at him for real? Hmm? Were you did did he I wasn't shooting at him. Did did I miss something?


No, not at all. But he's off. He's off in that a little bit. He's off in that. No I just have, I just have a respect for our exchange. So anytime It is a battle going on and I start harkening back to mine, that one comes up and I feel like I won. But me and him had, it was no be we piece shit up. It was fine. So, but he's off. So his interpretation or whatever that was is is his interpretation. I'd rather just not say nothing about it no more. Now that I see what We on and how We on it, nigga it wasn't that serious for me. So I'll chill, let bad fuel do the interview, let you go and do whatever you're doing. And that's that. I don't Think we can bring train to it. That that was my only thing. And the battle is whatever. But on the podcast, 20 years later, not 2015 years later, that was a little, Well 15 years ago stuff said in lyrics had had an effect on my child.


I'm very, very grateful today that that ain't the case. Right. Me, me and my kid know what, what's going on. We we strong as ever. So there's nothing that a Saigon could No Doubt do about that. Like Ain ain't about to come up off my throne and go spray raid on him. That's bad. No pour. Whoops. Pour some salt. Clever. A little slug sold on the slug. They start evaporate. I ain't know how to do that. Was there anything else in music? The artist dropped Big Jersey whole project.


Is he? Oh yeah. So now I'm in heaven between the artists. I like that the artist and K one keep dropping around the same time 'cause it's a whole vibe. So I probably play some of that as a sleeper. Who the hell is K one? K one? You played K one up here for it. KWN. That's how you Say No, It's not really It. It's not her fan base checked me. I thought it was known to her fan base checked me. It's KK one. You, you know they think they be artistic with the scholar shit. I thought it was dude confusing. Sometimes I thought it was that wan yo that's nigga face.


It ain't even K dash WN. So I would, I would guessed K something The new kids. I Thought it was known. Yo. I swear I thought it was known. The new kids spell shit different. Yeah, if you old you gotta learn it from the Learning from them and all. That's it. Got it. Thank you. Yeah, but TheARTI show out to the artist. That project is fired. Of course. Let me see, did anybody else drop? We did Ross New Tiana Taylor record dropped. That's pretty fire. It's called Escape room. And it was a quiet tip on the music front. It Was? Yeah, it was quiet. It Was on the music front. It was, that's The song She performed at BET. Oh, okay. Yeah. I thought that had came out before The Be shit. Oh, okay. Oh, not this song. I don't know what y'all talking about. Well In in music though, what y'all think about Big T using Usher Daddy's home.


Usher Sue That now I saw, I thought it somebody made that nigga didn didn't know that was real. That's funny. I said hold holo. No you didn't. Yo, you gotta give it to him. Yo, he, he charismatic It came as, it came as a result of some, somebody was on like Fox News and then they referring to Trump and you know, saying that, you know, he should be awarded the Nobel Prize because of his, you know, the whole Iran thing and started Nobel Prize for what though? I, I, I don't know, whatever chemistry, whatever the fuck they Think They come up with. Ain. Absolutely fucking nothing. So, yeah. And so can't clap back Now He started making a, he started making a correlation between Trump and Jesus, you know, and so Jesus the father and then he's like, so Trump is almost Like our, I don be here wherever we are right Now.


I was just asking about daddy Trump And Daddy, this is What is going on. This is where it came from. Okay. So this person was just like, you know, referring to Trump almost like he's Jesus and Jesus the father. So he's Trump is like our daddy. And then fast forward, Trump comes out to daddy's home. That's where that shit came from. Yes. Yo, this we fucked man. Yo Jesus ain't even daddy school though. Jesus is the sun. Yo, you stupid. Look at his face. Thank, Thank You For That. Thank You. No, that was super Informative. Yeah, don't stop this new line. Shit.


It was, I didn't know about any of that. I did not know none of that. I didn't even know that shit was wrong. Thank you. Ain made it. But when I saw the album, Thanks y'all. Holy Shit. Fucking Unbelievable. I understand she's still going. She, I she don't read social cues. I'm not going. She still, yo Mel do you I feel like ask The question I love, but she knew that she keep going. When you say sarcastic shit, she's just still going like, Oh yeah on that she did that like seven times. I'm letting y'all know, I'm putting this out On a scale, on a scale of one to 10. And I'm, I'm off mail because we too much, not too much on male, neither my y'all fucking business at it. On a scale of one to 10, how good do you think you are reading social cues? I'm excellent.


I know when you guys are making fun of me. I know when the sarcasm starts. Okay, I was just wrapping it up. Not the sarcasm but him saying y'all, I'm putting this out. I did not hear that Mel. He did. Mel said shit. 15. Okay, Stop Right now. Wait before you go. No. What that also says is that when I sent her the video to lay eyes on it, you didn't watch it. That you didn't Oh No. Here's the thing. That's A good point. You didn't watch it. Yeah, a good point. That was a good one right there. Yeah. You watch the whole thing. Hmm? You didn't watch that video? That is the bullshit line. It no, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. I love you matter You right.


Respect It doesn't matter because in the Time's During the time that we were recording, Move that pillow Is what I am referring to. Yeah, But you, Y'all keep acting stupid up here. You right. We're also stupid. So you know me, you know they call me Chicken nugget. I know they do. Okay. Oh shit. I am referring to the point in time in which we were having our exchange and he was saying this, I did not hear him. That is what I'm referring to. Got you now. Got it. I did not hear at that time. One question in closing. Did you watch the video? Now, now, now, now, now that we talked about it, now that you're more comfortable with it, don't you feel like want that video out for content purposes and being a team player?


You say, you know what Joe on just listen to you man. You know what Joe? I'm here for the team results. Go ahead. Just, just, just just go ahead put it out and cut me in for real man seats on some content. Shit. I really, really started to give some thought as to how much shit I would be able to handle if I was making the amount of money that this nigga was. Oh, you could say whatever the fuck you want about me. I yep, yep. I go along with it. See what some bread, it really, it really softens the blow. You know what I'm saying? When you got some fucking money in your pocket, it softens the blow like a motherfucker. Like I got a Sealy peeing underneath me, her elbow.


Right. God Give a, there's some crazy shit going up here. She tell you can put it out a bunch of bread. That's what she saying Fans. I fear that many of you were right. I thought that y'all was just dead wrong. But it appears about what y'all got us. They got, You had the think pieces. Think the think pieces said that summation this crew would, this crew would never be the same. Yes. Basically the crew would never be the same. You gotta watch the performance now you gotta watch how they look at Joe, how they respond to Joe Because the numbers is out.


That ain't no, If you about to reply with maturity. Yeah we not on maturity. No Nigga that That's real life. There's nothing Has nothing to that wasn't no shocker to me. It was lower than what I told. You know the truth I'm talking to Go ahead. That's A bad one. It's a bad mu fuck you talking about? Yeah man. When you, when you add The mad like oh thank God this is what y'all saw. It just leak at the right time. No, no I was exposed and vulnerable. No you wasn't because I that number, I know what number they saw. I know Sister That Joe did that shit throw niggas off. There's the predicted Tell me Ain.


They sick of that. There's The actual number and there's a number where they predict that you're going to make and usually the actual number is more than the other number. It's crazy. It, it's some SL shots. I just thought, I thought I had to think about you doing some shit over there. He's not fooling me. Fool. Nigga. I looked at Math is pretty easy to do guys. It is like You right. It is twenty five, a hundred fifty 9,000 subscribers or 10. Y'all seen the numbers man. It was a low month. We gotta get back to it for real. We gotta get back to Put that out because The summertime that, that drought again. The day of drop off Ain The summertime drop off. Yo Joe break mail off so you can put it out. What are we doing for 4th of July?


I'm I'm Going fishing now. Me too Actually. For real. Well Ain about Ain About that. The 4th of July is on a Friday. Yo, here we go. I did make plans for me For you to not be here. Yeah, because You crazy. I'm gonna figure Out how to, I just want you to know when he say that how pod from the boat. You do know that Right? Said what, What he just said. He said he made players to go fishing and he was insinuating that rest of us niggas still. Yeah, we Holding it Down. That's your Fault. Just 'cause that's a funny joke. I'm I this, I'm, I'm trolling y'all but I want the flew your ass when he was in here saying that.


What do y'all, what do y'all want to happen on the 4th of July? Because nigga told me we wanna go with our Family hot dogs and hamburgers. Hey on, Listen, there's some holes. No, No, no. Fuck that. You can't eat hot dogs and hamburgers here. Corey tried to come up with that. Corey tried to say yo, you know what, I'm gonna have this Corey. What are they talking about? What do y'all wanna do for the 4th of July? Corey said Barbecue America so we Can barbecue America. I need three. Corey. I'm being here just like Joel. You think I'm not coming? This what Corey said. He tried to soft in the blow. Yo. I'm gonna have somebody barbecue and just bring in some hot dogs and hamburgers and some trays. I bet. Listen, I'm looking at Corey like Nigga, if you don't shut your ass up nigga. We not in jail nigga. We want, we want that shit fresh.


Hot. We don't want you to bring that shit in some trays and we just pick out of it. We can't do it there. We can't. How you feel Ish About what? America coming to work America celebrating America's Birthday. How do you feel about, but at least if you have us come all Joe shot, if you could get buy the proper grill to go up there and have somebody behind grilling that would. Yeah. Where we Letting the shit off at? Y'all Never spoke to me like this motherfucker, yo, when we come up here Had shit Fucking girl yo nigga steak there, yo lamb chops And we want steaks on the Ground. It is crazy. Yo, you could do that though. Yeah, we could do that Joe. You could do it right now.


Roll. Have a nigga right there. It look. Ew. He could always do it. You know what? Yeah. Every Friday in the summer. Oh shit. There we go. Every Friday. Every Friday in the summer we do some summer shit. We get Dressed down Friday. Yeah. Would that be bad? That would be amazing. He had play yo that's, Fuck that nigga. They the Greatest. He had his whole plan. Yma had his whole shit locked up with, he had a whole plan. That plan never happened yet. I ran into Keno. He was asking what we're doing for the fourth. Oh look we ran into him too, but we didn't talk then we just said hi. We saw, we saw too. We said what up, yo, he had, he said, I salute nigga.


You had a whole conversation. That's your little superpower running into people and just speaking exchange numbers. Like speaking to them. Yeah. What am I supposed to do Anyway? If y'all wanna have a cookout up here, we can have a cook out please. Okay. Hold, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Don't plan around around. I'm coming in. If Y'all want to also start the work day early on the 4th of July so that niggas can get outta here by four. I'm cool with that too. I'm down both, but I'm not moving my Friday to Thursday because of America. Can we do both? I'm not, I'm not doing that. Can You have some? Because last time you did it when you did your little 10 not little big 10 year anniversary, nigga. I looked at the, I looked at the Asad sheet. It was niggas up here early nigga. 8:00 AM setting up 7:00 AM When you come Up here early and get out here If y'all want.


No, just get I I do wanna do that but I also want you to bring somebody up here to barbecue. I I just take a, a hamburger and a hot dog bro. You don't even eat ketchup. I just, I didn ketchup. That's all you eat. That's all you need is ketchup. If that. You don't think it looks fly Ish. Yo. This is crazy man. Ain't gonna lie. Yo. This is funny as shit. Shit is. No, I go right there back there mid po nigga just go out there and get a hammer and walk in. But we, we've gotten a little bit distracted. Gotcha. Mel, you saying that if you get paid you'll deal with the triggering and your Yes. The abuse Some somehow it, I feel like it would soften the blow a little bit. Let's go Mel. I feel like that's A perfect segue. I ain't gonna hold you.


I'll be the one to say this what Puff Defense was saying. Why exactly he got it from me. Shit. I looked at him And I said that's what, no, what happened to Stockholm? What happened in Stockholm? No nigga Get a flight and and go to Stockholm for some money. Oh shit. Don't do that to her. Fuck to Stockholm. Don't do that to her. Don't shoot, don't no gun out. What are we talking about? I love you. That wasn't last. I'll Make because I do want to put it out. How much. Oh man, Let's talk about that off camera. I like, I like, I like her angle. I feel like she, I feel like if that I feel like hell yeah It is gonna make way more than Hazard pay.


Yeah, I'll pay you. I pay for it. It's Called Hazard Pay. I'll put it out now. Now fans, I was gonna give it to you on the arm but now Get that back. You right. No, that money gotta come from somewhere. You Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, time to make that shop number a little more important. Oh man, you, you better I love about that shop. Alright, come on. What else? Let's Go to the, oh Wait, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hold up. Hold up. We didn't leave music yet. Oh Fuck Ray. And I hate to do it but it won't go away and we can't keep running from it.


Who we shit On No one. Oh okay. Oh I see. But we will, I want this shit on somebody. But we will try to figure out why Amarie keeps trying to sing Acapella. Nah, we not coming. What happened? Friend of the show. The band was fucking up. She made them shut up. Oh Yeah. Sometimes she cut them off and made them stop and then Yeah. Yeah maybe. Maybe someone in the band was outta key and she was actually in Key. You never thought about that, did you? They forgot the keys out Home band was trying to save you.


Nope, I bought the book. That's what's up. No, So many My stomach hurt.


Who she going on tour with today? Henry is a friend of the show. Cheers. So I'm not gonna say anything negative about her. I support her no matter what she does. Me too. But what I will ask is, you know you just don't have to do that. TV tracks are just fine. Yeah. It seems like she's popping up a lot of places and singing live. They even make the little alt tune pedal shits. You can go right up and say Yeah, I mean I get it. The book, the album music coming soon. Oh yeah. Which I'm sure will be good. Yeah. But yeah, the music will be fine. But I just don't understand this. I don't get it. But whatever. We love a Maray Maray. Mm Salute Shout to Maray Maray. Salute. Salute slu salute. Also in quick questions that nobody cares about. Why does Jule Santana have the half half sheisty?


Watch your fucking 'cause he want to because he doing he because he a trendsetter. Yeah. I'm glad that you said that. Fred. 4th of July. Well first let me hear from, nevermind. I'm glad you said that. Ain mind Blank Man. My next question in y'all blank Man I didn't what he called the Blank man Gene. Fine. That's how blank man his face Man. You Do what he forgot about. My next question is to, y'all look like that.


Is Juul Santana a fashion icon? A rap fashion icon? He certainly was at One point, I think so. It certainly was. Was does does fashion icon have to be forever? Like maybe we just not seeing the sauce with the half face shyte. And does fashion icon mean trendsetter? No, they were trendsetters. They were trends. Okay. I'm just So I feel like the two things are not the same. Okay, so trendsetter not fashion icon. Oh maybe that's My, that's what's the difference. Have you started, if you started enough trends, you would be deemed an icon. Maybe it's multiple trends. So how many Trends would you consider Fashion trends Do you Consider?


What's my man name from back in the days? Dapper Dan. Dapper Dan. Do you consider Dapper Dan a fashion icon? Yes. Yes. Okay. Because he started a trend though by taking the start a few fabrics and About worth Better. But he, but he's but he's also a cloer. Like That's, we're underselling Dapper Dan the further. Oh for real? Yes. I don't wanna undersell. No, It Is not a personality that just dressed Well. He changed all of this shit. No, please. Thank you. I don't wanna undersell him. I try to reach out to him. So don't do that to me. Yes, He's different. Got you. Okay. Okay. So that's my take that, that was my opinion, not fashion icon Trendsetter Trend center. Sure. That's what's I'm giving him. Yeah. Okay. The half face Shay looks, did y'all see it?


I saw it. No. We'll take a look. I saw it. You want me to show it you? Yeah. Show. Show 'em please. Why did you screenshot it? Yo, I hate when you do That part of my research for the pond. Stop. Yo. You don't wanna miss anything. And that's the summer shay. It is. It is hot Ish. He looks Like a teenage people. Ninja turtle. Stop. It is too hot to have the whole shyte on. Oh, that's what It is. That is the end of my, that's all quick questions that no one really cares about. You Think that's gonna catch on? No. In trends? No. And no listen, I'm gonna keep it a buck. If they was hot enough I could see it.


It if they were, yeah, if they were hot. Actually I lied. I have one more quick question that nobody cares about. Well actually that's a lie. Everybody cares about it. Okay. Who were the geniuses that decided to kill off Marge Simpson the other night? Excuse Me. Marge Simpson from The Simpsons. It is dead. Yeah. What? It is dead. May she rest in peace? They killed her in an episode the other night and had a funeral. Is this Like the five season of some shit? It's the five from the season. Yeah. What? Well it's the 36th season, so I don't know. Maybe that's it. I didn't even know they were honestly still making Simpsons. It's been a long time since I tapped him. So what's she passed away from?


Oh, age. What'd you say? So she killed off. Not Ah, they did the terminator. But you know about Simpson's predictions, right? They did the Terminator. If they predicted it, she dead. That's true. Alright, good. So let me not jump the gun. I saw a lot of rest in peace. Marge Simpsons. Let not lie to y'all and act like I watched The Simpsons that night. I did not. I did not. Please. Alright, that was the end of my quick questions. Y'all fucked me up for a minute. You just gonna cry. No nigga. But you can't kill Mark Simpson though.


Just can't do it. What else needs our attention? The puff charges. The puff case. Yeah. Mel had this queued up for a while. You Put readers, the readers. It queued up for A while. Yeah. Take us outta here, Mel. All right. The prosecution delivered their closing arguments yesterday. It was four hours. Her name is Christy Slavic. And that's Basically presenting the case again. Basic. That's, that's what it, that's what they basically have to do. They have to submit For four hours. You presented the case. Yeah. And I think after an hour, hour and a half, You lose the jury. The jury's sitting there about to fall asleep. Yeah. Like it sound like WWWW at that point. Yeah. So basically for counts three and five to convict Holmes and two counts of transportation to engage in prostitution, she said the jury must find that he knowingly transported an individual in interstate or foreign com commerce, et cetera, et cetera.


So it was, I mean, I have a recording of people who were like, you know, did like a summation of how long of what you said. Like a minute and a half, Please. There we go. I'd love to hear a summation. Bill Mark came out publicly and said something about it and they caught a little bit of traction. He was basically kind of in support of puff. Hmm. You got a clip? I'd love to hear it. Did they say who they're alleging was a part of this so-called conspiracy? They did and they actually showed their pictures during this presentation. They showed KK, Christina, M's.


Face Combs as former chief of Staff Faheem, one of his security guards. D Rock, another security guard. Uncle Polly Sent a guy. I I'm done with them. No, I ain't gonna lie. I'm sorry babe. No worries. Please. No worries. Okay. Showed Shepherd sh show Johnny. Those sound just like the voices. I imagine yo dead as telling what's going on on the internet. It was Andrea Canning from Dateline. I love Dateline. But that, that sounded, anyway, come on. Let's, let's, let's put some, let put some soul in, in, in this story. I, I dog, I I still think it's 50 50. It might actually be about 60 40 I think Puff away.


Way puff away. I think, I think he'll get found guilty on the prostitution charges. And from my understanding, they allegedly dropped the arson charge and I think the attempted kidnapping charge that were tied into the racketeering shit, just from my, my reports that I've been seeing. In my opinion, I think they'll find 'em guilty on, on the charges. But I don't think they could prove the conspiracy and the Rico shit. Like, 'cause it's organized crime. That's a hard charge I think for them to prove. But I'm not an attorney. So that's just my opinion. Neither am I. So I can't speak to whether charges were dropped at or not. Everything I'm reading was they directed the jury to not pay any attention to that part of the earth at all that shit.


Right? Yeah. Yeah. And I don't know if that's dropping, but to them, they're, they're simplifying the case for the jury to pay attention to these things that we think we got 'em on. Gotcha. And, and not, like I said, the the Puff people was moving for a mistrial every time they got up there and said some shit that they couldn't prove. Like, Hey you burn my car. It's like, all right, we not, let's get this out the way and get to what we here for. They say that we could get a verdict as early as next week. Yeah. His lawyer was closing today and part of her closing said this is a case about his real life relationships and the government is trying to turn those relationships into a racketeering case. The evidence is going to show you a very flawed individual, but it will not show you a racketeer, a sex trafficker or somebody transporting for prostitution.


She also made a joke towards the, the jury about kidnapping and ask them whether or not they felt like they've been kidnapped. Then I read something else that says if he is found guilty then the government takes control of all of his assets. Oh wow. What'd you say? Yeah, That's true. Because they gonna say he got those a, they gonna say he got those assets outta Criminals. Ill-gotten gains. Ill-gotten Gains. That sucks though. Off that alone. I would, I would think they would charge, they would bring him back guilty. But it's in the jury's hands. No, I don think On that. They Won't. I think off of that, they would bring him back innocent because they know that he didn't acquire those things through those means.


No, I take it back. 'cause it's on the jury. I thought it was a judge. Right. That It Is on the jury. He didn't acquire that shit through. No, not through that. Yeah. This is an interesting statistic though. In 2018 to 2022, federal prosecutors won convictions in more than 97% of the cases in which Rico was the most serious charge filed. That doesn't speak to how many Went to trial Or how many actual, just as they got convictions not on the RICO charge. Not just that. Most people start pleaing out. They plea out. Yeah. Start getting looked at 200 years. Right. Niggas are plea out for 27 or 30, you know what I'm saying? So that's still a win for them. Yeah, That's and in some of the recent cases, we've starting to question what a Ricoh is and how it applies versus them going after the people that RICO was intended for.


Right. So it says even if Combs is the only person indicted as part of a broader criminal scheme, which would be the Ricoh, prosecutors can still argue that he relied on the help of others such as personal assistance, bodyguards and business associates. Some of the witnesses against Holmes have testified in return for immunity for prosecutors or have spoken with federal authorities during proffer sessions during which the statements they make cannot be used to prosecute them. So in the summation that I heard, they listed a bunch of the people that they feel were the enforcers. You know, the assistants, bodyguards. They didn't get charged. Hmm. None of them got charged. Yeah. But that's what they're basically saying is that prosecute prosecutorial fucking witnesses, they gained immunity by way of testifying.


So even though these are named individuals who are part of the criminal enterprise, they've escaped prosecution because of immunity. Yeah, but they weren't. Yes and no. They were never charged. They weren forced and coerced. Yes. Yes you can. Yes. We're giving you immunity because we want to hear your complete and truthful testimony. Yes. Even with your involvement. Yes. Your involvement doesn't say you were forced, coerced, pressured. And I think that's where a bulk of this case lie. He is not, again, he's not on trial for domestic violence. Right. No, I want you to come in and ride on this nigga. I want you to ride on him in ratting on him. You might implicate yourself. So we are gonna say, Joe, you, you was riding with Ish when Ish shot the nigga.


We not mad at you. We gonna give you immunity for your testimony against Ish. Yo Joe never got indicted. Nobody else got indicted, nobody else got charged with him. So that's my thing. When they start talking about it being a criminal enterprise and organization. If it's an organization then there are some other guilty parties within the organization and nobody ever else got charged. That's the part that again, I'm not Well that's the, that's the thing about pros, witnesses for the prosecution and them offering immunity. Like they look at that as the lesser of two evils. We don't want you as the assistant, the bodyguard, we don't want you, you're not the big fucking fish.


That's the big fish. That's who we're going after. So if you sit up there and you say you indicate that your, you know, you're enabling or enforcing was strictly based off of his direction, explicit direction, then that that is them making their case. It's Not normal. It also sound like people that never tried to force anybody to do anything before, like It is difficult to force four and five people to, to do one act in concert. That's just not, But it's not. I don it's Not necessarily in concert. Not True either. Yo, listen to that. It's other, it's other ways to force people without physical force. Like you could just, if you paying somebody, I, I heard a artist say one time that I'm giving X, Y, ZA certain amount of money and now I got a problem with you.


And I tell them, yo, y'all money cut off as long as my problem's still walking around. Now I didn't force y'all to go do nothing. I inferred, I indirectly said go handle that so y'all can get your money back. So there's ways that you could skirt around Ain Ain. Forcing somebody didn didn't indirectly say shit, I told you why you not getting paid. I didn't say go handle that. When I say go handle that, that's me telling you go handle that. I'm telling you yo Parks, I can't pay you 'cause Joe did some bullshit. Whatever Parks goes and does on his own, I'm completely unaware of, And again, I'm only talking about the part where they said some of the sex workers were there against their will. Nobody, I didn't, nobody testified.


No. None of them testified to be forced to be here. Some of them said, yo, it was, it was her. I never spoke to him. Some of 'em say, Hey we did Was never there. Never Saw him. Yeah. So it depends on the jury's understanding and interpretation of all of this stuff. They said their retention of all this stuff and how much they, they've been sitting there for a while Outta the country at sometimes when they was having freak offs or whatever the case may be. It's like Because Look, I don, I'm 50 50, I'm, I don't don't have the full, if they get him, I can understand it If he walks, I totally understand. It's Trinity. I'm 50 50 on this one And and the whole thing about the sex worker saying Yo, it was her. I never talked to him. And then she turn around and say, well it was for him. You get what I'm saying? Like there's your organization partner. Gotcha. But what if I'm not there?


You get what I'm saying? Like again, I see both sides. I get both sides. That's all I get both sides. If I'm not there, I'm outta the country. And you rocking out and we got text messages of you saying you want to rock out. He was there sometimes just Because he wasn't there sometimes. Yeah. The Prosecutor. Which means though I might not have been forcing you all. True. That might have been something you wanted to do. True. I'm ju I'm not copping for a puff. I'm giving an objective viewpoint that yo sometimes me and Parks might smoke weed together. Sometimes Parks smoke weed on his own. That don't mean you forcing him to smoke Weed again. I'm 50 50 on this. Yeah, me, Me too. I'm just waiting to see what happened. We too close to a verdict for me to sit here with all that. We a week away, two weeks away.


I can wait. I can wait. I think they're gonna come back quickly say the verdict. I think we'll had that verdict by next part And I think that's why he didn't even bother to call. Nobody's as hand. Yeah. We dragging this out some more. I think I did what I had to do On my, on my, on my defense team told me, yo, they did not prove we a reasonable doubt that we did nothing. It's doubt here. Yeah. So pretty much. No, We'll see We shall see. That's gonna be a big part day. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah It is. That's gonna be a big, big culturally, People smarter than us. People are more legally advanced than us are still having their questions. So that just speaks to potential reasonable doubt.


True. But I don't think it's too many people smarter than you don't short yourself. Thats you that nigga son. Yeah you him. Fuck them niggas all I'm listening. What you say about it? You've done it all. Fucking them legal experts And you've been in college from fuck niggas that went in college. Fuck niggas that got the they Ain in college still Are you plan on finishing. Yeah, I know you always say that but I mean seriously do you plan on Yeah He didn't Even sound like, like he was Yeah, yeah. No it's just time hasn't really opened up for me to do That. Got it, got It, got it. Because again, when you get toward the end, I told you like they don't just have the classes all the time. At the very, very end. They might get that class once a semester and that shit might be a Thursday night. You know what I mean? On Tuesday night, some shit like that. It'd be hard to really schedule.


Well not if you sit down on a Tuesday night or Thursday night. Like do it if you wanna Do it. No, but the Tuesday night we work here. It might conflict with my schedule. You can leave for seven months paid. Like go get your degree. You said what? You can leave for seven months paid. Like if you coming back with your, what is you? What is it? What's the paper? I don't Like that shit nigga. Bachelor's A bachelor. I don't like that shit. For What? Yeah I know. Favoritism. If you want to go get your, do you wanna get a bachelor's? I want go. Yeah. Or do you want to be a bachelor? I shit yo. Or do you watch the Bachelor? Yo, They got for a fried class. I Wanna go to college, get it done.


It is real. Like don't put it on the back burner. It's kind of Crazy. Alright fuck you then nigga. I don't care no more. All right. You just argue with pop over this? No, no Didn didn't. It's a joke bro. Relax, anybody that want to go to college, please go to school. Like don't listen to me. Don't force The ones that don't want To go. But if you don't Get a Mop we should talk. Get a mop. This nigga Is stupid. Look he said a mop. Yeah. That that Was Was the mentality in the eighties. Yeah, in the eighties and seventies. If you don't go to college you just gonna be mopping Molo. The world Ain't like that no more. You don't Have be a janor.


It's a joke. I go go to get an electrician license. Yeah. Yeah. They steal. That's what Tyler, the creator just finished telling everybody motherfucker Stealing out here. Go be electrician. Go build, put some cabinets up. Everybody don't have to grab be a podcast. Ask Corey niggas, he's stealing All of my little brothers and my little sister are asking for Tyler creator tickets to his concert. It's just funny to me when you learn who your siblings and the little, the the next generation are a fan of. I think that's so cute. It's fire. I'm so happy for them. One of them is Kendrick out. My sister is Tyler out and Ethan too cool to do anything. And they think he no Travis, they think he go to college. No. Travis Ethan. Ethan don't give a fuck about none of that shit.


No, I'm saying none of 'em, not Travis fans. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But but Kendrick and Tyler they fan super crazy. But yeah they all want to go to the Travis show. What else? What else? What else? What else did they I'm really enjoying the sponsor for you's good. This is great. I you had me put the X XL freshman list up there. Oh yeah. Why I don, I have no idea Why. No, we we was just in Parks talking about it. It's a new list Out. Take it away. I'd rather y'all talk about Love Island. Y'all are the love island guys. Love now. But you know what, let's see what XX L's talking about with the fresh, the freshman cover. I'm curious, are you pro huta or anti huta? I'm pro huta. Me too.


That's like ice. No what's ice mean? What you mean? She's a problematic cask member of Love island and a lot of people hate her 'cause she is extra annoying. But for me you need a crash out on the show to be This shit entertaining what she was, she was annoying to them 'cause they was hating on her off the rip. Like her and my man Jeremiah. Jeremiah man yo, With the girl that spit on her shit and put it. Wow. That's what they showed. Nigga. I don't watch the show. I haven't seen Sha was Crying over a dude. Some chick was crying over some nigga like she was distraught. Right. And the very next scene they showed some nigga nut to butt with her and she upped to her and got to getting that thing.


Right. Very next scene. Did you say nut to butt? Hey this nigga is freaky yo. This nigga Is something we don't know what nut to butt is. He like a old porn stars son. Like he like a porn star. He like Why you winging your eyes? He like the The old old porn star with the wooden. With the wooden with the wooden panels in the wall. B. Sorry. Oh I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That was his poor name too bub. I'm saying look at this nigga. He look those bubbles, you're not putting it down.


No. Why You Right. Nigga went to the castle. They gave it all up to I agree with you to his masters. Just be a good dad. My a, All That. There you go. All that fucking powerful dick. Shit. It is over 50 years old. It is one year. Who's planning your 50th birthday party? Oh Yeah, you asked that too. You That. But now we're closers. I'm asking him and look and you gotta have one. This coy bullshit with me. I'm telling seriously asking. I'm telling Nigga I don't, we gotta have any plans. Ain been saying that though Joe. And you said that you was gonna plan it for him. You should. Alright. You should have something for your 50 birthday. It's the Wintertime. Oh okay. Rule could be 50 Ish. Come on, Minks out. Look at him. He dead ass. He's a weirdo. Look at he came and he didn't tell us when his birthday was. He just came and sat here on, I think on his birthday date.


Yeah. Yeah, he did birthday. Nevermind. Nevermind. Ain't my birthday No one. No one ever get mad. Yeah. Lemme tell you What happened. Thank you. Flip yo. And then it's gonna be January 19th or whatever the fuck is. Oh he's 16th. It is gonna be the 17th. It's gonna be a Friday. He Gonna go Nothing. Yo. Nah man. Imani. Y'all do This week my girl Took me. That was my Birthday nigga. What? Yo Me. Imani was sitting there. We had A party For Nat birthday. Oh Yeah, that's what he say. So I Was like, Oh yeah, yeah. Now, now the Capricorn. Yeah. My shit was the other day. Now Imani was like, we just talked. Hold up. Whoa. Back up my nigga. When your birthday Was? I was like Yesterday or two days ago. Imani was like, yo, you Different. Yo.


I don like that shit. Why? Nigga Shit is not normal. You should do Something for your 50th bro. Even if you not gonna have a party, at least let us come together in No, he gonna Have a party. We just not gonna know. That's a be Mad. Venezuelans. That's mad. Mad people from Portugal. Me amigo. What the fuck? These your friends. He's my girl. You know my girl Corey know that nigga Corey know know yo. You know why It, it's just funny. The other day I'm minding my business somewhere. Oh actually I was in bed Chilling on some old nigga shit. Oh our, our friend of the show O from Life after Shout To O Chad. Yeah. Send me a text. He said, yo, they having a little function over here at the cigar spot and Ain ain't going to lie to you.


It is kind of lit in here. This look like a lot of money over here and I ain't going And there's some, there's some something going on. You might should take a look. I was like, yeah, right dog. Get off my phone. He said, yo, you want me to send you a video? I said, send me a video. He sent me a video. It was a lot of white people, men and women having the time of their lives at that cigar bar. And then he said, guess take a guess what he said, you guessed it. It's Just him. It Is just left. And I said, yeah, he, he feel, we feel differently about, You know what I mean?


I mean you can't send me the video or all the snow. That ain't gonna bring you out. That Ain. That Ain. Ain Gonna do It Ain. That Ain. Even though he said it was was something ex exquisite up in there. Actually, should I be saying that Exquisite, that was the word he used. Exquisite. Exquisite. He said and then I was like, she white. He was like, yeah. I was like all it's cool. That's cool. She won't accept that 25. Alright. My Fuck that 27 that you a 28 50 Playing should in a little bit. She'll come here and turn it up. Yeah. 32 on it. Best of final best The nigga. You might get it for 19. Yeah. Yeah. Depending on where you get the white girl from.


What that mean? Yeah. Ain't doing no better. Like I said, 19 guys crazy. So, Oh man. What else needs our attention you guys? I found another list. Alright. Okay. Okay. It's from the, it's from the New York Times. It's the best movies of the 21st century. But it's a list of like how many? It's a list of a hundred. So I'm going to, I'll just start from 20 and then go to one. Yeah. Cool. Alright. Okay. Alright. Number 20, timeout. Yes. 21st century. 21st century. Yes. So for the last 25 years, that's 2000, That's 2 0 1. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay, so number 20 is the Wolf of Wall Street. Great. Movie number 19 is Zodiac. Number 18 is E two Mama Ian 17 is Broke Back Mountain.


Hey. 16. Crouching Tiger. Hidden Dragon. Oh 15. City of God. Crouching Tiger. Hidden Dragon. Stop. It is very polarizing. Some people are like, that shit was trash and other people were like, it was fucking Was genius. That shit was fire 15 was city of God. I'd Love to See that. Guess what number one is what number two is? What's your guess for what's at the top? You'll never guess. Oh then nevermind. Oh yeah. No one. No no. But you know watched the Infinity War Something Interstellar. Interstellar was, that wasn't before 2000. No, No It Was 20 be wasn't it 2011?


Any Interstellar is top. Inter Distiller is probably top. Interstellar should be top 10. Should 10. Let's hear it. Okay so 14 is Inglorious Bastards. I fucking Love that fucking movie About that killed me some. 13 was children of men. 12 was the zone of interest. It was, it was. It was just like a couple years ago. It was like indie film. Got it, got it. 11 was Mad Max Fury Road. I ain't See that With Char Theron and, and Tom Harney. I don, I didn. I mean yeah. That's Interesting. Interesting. Don't make the list. Okay. Number 10 is Social Network. Nine is, you better Believe it's a good movie. You better believe it. And I hear that they trying to work on a sequel to social network.


I heard that too. I don know how, I don't know how that's gonna work. But Social Network. I just watched that the other day i's how good that movie is. David Fincher is doing a Squid Games American reboot. Oh thank God. After this is over, I mean, oops. That was racist. Stupid. Yo, go ahead Mel. Alright. Nine is spirited away. Whatever. Eight is Get Out. Seven is Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. S That was a really good, amazing Number six. No Country for Old Men. That was good In incredible movie. That was good. That was good. Five was Moonlight. That was good. Four Was good. One Night was Good. I Don Dunno about five.


I don't know about five either. It was good though. About 55. Four was in the Mood for Love. Well yeah, cocaine Cowboy came out Documentary. It was a doc was Doc and that was a long time. No, Dallas in the national club. What's the movie? Dallas. Dallas. Dallas By, Yeah. The movie in the late nineties. I don think that was 25 years ago. It wasn't 25 years ago. It Was like the 2010s. Yeah That was a really Somewhere In That was an amazing movie. That movie should be on this list. 2013. Yeah, it's not in the top 20. It was good movie. Okay, so number three is There Will Be Blood. Great Movie. The fucking movie. Great fucking movie Number two. I wanna to guess Some more. You gonna put like D on there or some shit? Piss Me off. Yeah. Better Dawn's Good bro.


Better not. Where's Batman with Bain? That's probably gonna be in the top two somewhere. You out your top. Come on, gimme Batman With Bain is one of the best movies in the last 25 years. Not With Bain. Not no Top 25. Not better. Not better than the one with joke. None of none of the Batmans are in the Top 20. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He Ledger one. Yeah, the Heath Ledger one is the one, the first one is the best one out all the Heath Ledger one. Batman. You're right. Dark Knight. That's Bain was my shit. But Batman. That was the one. Whatever that was the one. None of the Batmans are in the top. 20 zero. Gimme Two. Number two is Mulholland Drive from 2001. Wow That's high. And I like that movie, but I love trust In Peace. But what's One and number one is Parasite. I could See that. That was a Good movie Though.


The Korean film that like once Swept the Oscars like a movie. That was movie. What was good? I, that was the last movie I snuck into. But Yeah, number One Dark Knight is number 28. Okay. Okay. Where's like is Dallas Island, Dallas Buyers Club on, anyway, So hold on, let me find out. What's the Nolan movie? Shutter Island? Yeah. No, shutter Island was Scorsese. Scorsese. Excuse me, the departed. Where's the like where's Departed Was fired. I Wouldn't, it wasn't 20, not 25. Great Movie book The town. Better be on this list somewhere too. Tell not Top 25. It is Christopher Nolan. Inception number 55. Damn. That's which is crazy that it's bad. Inception was the other one. I was gonna say Interstellar Inception. That's high.


I loved Inception. Niggas had to watch Inception like four times. Facts 12 Years. Slave was was number 50 still Arguing over the end of of inception. Oppenheimer was number 65. Gone Girl was number 64. You better believe that. Yeah, Better believe it. You know that. You know personally Kill Bill a little too low on the list. Yeah, we'll take it. We'll we'll take it. Kill Bill. Volume one was number 61 for sure. Spotlight, which is one of my favorite movies was number 66. You guys familiar with that? I don't know if I've seen, it's about the the Catholic church and the, the Boston Globe doing their expose on. Oh yeah. With what's his name? I Didn't See that. That's Is that. Oh, with Rich Rachel McAdams and Michael Keaton and what's the other one's name?


Mark Ruffo. Yeah. It's fucking excellent. Oh Shit. The Hawk in there. Did you lose You The haw you were saying. Alright, Okay. Oh let's see. Ocean's 11 is number 71. I wasn't the hugest Oceans Fan. Oceans 11 is like fucking Star Wars like nah, I like Oceans Elevens had a spark when you started. Nah, nah, nah. Ocean. None of them was garbage but at all. I don't know about them being The top. None of them was great. The cast and the acting and the writing. Like other than that the movie was, oh it's the bank. I can name a few other bank robbery movies that that beat it little. Yeah. No we Can't. Dog Day afternoon. Yes. If I sit here long out and It is, I haven't seen it Yet. It is Dog Day afternoon.


Yeah I ready say Heat. He Yeah. Anchorman. The legend of Ron Burgundy number 85. Wait, we're stepbrothers at? Yeah Now we talking. It Is not On here. What number? 81 is Black Swan. And I found Interstellar With Dodge Ball Is Stepbrothers is not up there. Tell Knight Go ahead. Interstellar is number 89. That's true. No, that's so low. No, That's horrible. Hang One of the Hangover. The first hangover. First Hangover for sure. That's horrible. That's horrible. 89. 89. So I'm gonna read 100 to 91. Alright we go number 100 was super bad. That's just what I was waiting for. I was just waiting for Because there might be Super bad. Should have made the list. I'm Not, You already know list you should do. There's crazy shit In here.


You keep Going too. Do not Wanna do it. I want to hear it. You. This is so Informative. Oh You know that's it. Done. No, come on man. I wanna read that. Just one Go Quick Hundred super Bad. Okay, 100 super bad. 99 is Memories of Murder. 98 Grizzly Man, I don even know what the Fuck that is. 97 Gravity number six. Black Panther 96 And Black Panther is Black Panther 95. The worst person in the world. Don't know what the Fuck that is. Wait, A White Panther drop. Yep. Nine. It better be some more Marvel Movies ahead of White Panther 90 94 Minority Report 93. Michael Clayton. 92 Gladiator and 91 Fish Tank Movie. That movie. Tell number Two. Number one and two was what? 91 2. Number two. Parasite number two was Mahoan Drive.


Number one was Parasite. I meant 91 and 92. I'm sorry. Oh nine. You Getting old that men, 92 was Gladiator and 91 was Fish Tank Gladiator should be behind Gladiator should be Lawing. Citizen ain't up there. No. No. Uhuh. What do you want Pellum? 1, 2, 3 on There too. Some of that shit. Yo don't play with law Abiding Citizen. Citizen wasn't bad Good too. But that's hilarious. T what'd you say? Those movies should be later on. Yo. Yeah. I said Youell 1, 2, 3 out there. No Law Simpson. He want money trained up there. Law citizen And Gladiator need to be way higher. Gladiator is a group very Way higher protest. It is good. It is. Streets Good.


They don't have the hangover but they have bridesmaids As they should, should Go there. Bridesmaids was number 32. What about Wedding Crashers? That wasn't, I'm saying stepbrothers not being up there as a trap. Parents is a School. Fuck it. A classic Movie bro. Old School man, that list was great you guys, Dark Knight was never 28. All y'all. Alright, There we go. We read that. We got it. Man, that's a break. While you're in there, look up The Indiana Jones. Make some noise. Make some noise. Shut up. So We did it So, so Informative. She kept going, nigga she's having 10 to one.


I wonder what was 110 to 101 though. For real? I Think we actually gotta get to it. I, I need to know. He'll move it on y'all. Y'all are bad. Y'all are killing. I I don't. Lemme see. Lemme see. Lemme see. Lemme see. Anything else up there? You gotta start watching Love Island. I am. Please do. I plan on it. I'm waiting for my girl though. So You can do this shit remote where you, You know what I mean? Yeah. Link it up. You right. Watch together. Hit the Hey, hold on real Quick. You might as well check me into a home. If I'm starting That, I want have a little bit of sauce left. Use your Apple shit. She could see you watching it. She can see everything. She's the all seeing eyes.


What Up? Who was Man Manami beat Cuomo, right? Did you expect that? Like, I don't know. Oh that Was crazy. Yep. It's her political psych bill. I'm just s that by flip. No, no, no, no, no. I don know anything about, I don know what that is. I don't know anything about Nigga. Nigga mother work for the mayor's office for four. Yeah, that's right. Get shit off More than 20 years. But yeah, I'm shutting up right now. I don't know anything about it. I just saw that he won. I didn't know who he Was. I hired somebody for this. Yeah, He's not here. I said we'll wait, we'll wait till I don think I can't read. Essentially ignore that. Look, look It big letters, Mond beats Cuomo.


Hey. And then look like, Alright look, take it away. Nah, we gonna wait till the old G goes. Nah, We can kick it a little bit. Buck mark. That shocked me. I was shocked. I Was, I was all those shit about. But again, politics. Listen, I don't have a boat in New York so You'all was kicking my ass about my opinion. Like apparently New York has a real disdain for Cuomo that I was unaware of. Yeah, For sure. Well He didn't beat him by much. Beat him by a lot. I was surprised by where he beat him. He beat him all throughout Midtown, downtown Astoria, Williamsburg all the places with Bread. No, that's, but that's progressive. I don't care. Usually people with money are not necessarily the biggest on socialism, But a lot of those younger areas with these younger people that got Bred and I don't think it's social socialist By, They'd be looking for a change.


A lot of them be looking for a change. There is a lot of old money in Manhattan. You're driven This story Williams. That's why it was shocking that Cuomo lost the way he did. Yeah. Because he had all of them backing him. I was shocked by where he lost. For me, that was the biggest thing for me. And I mean, man's 33 very young. Yeah. Let get the round of applause. I've seen Him by LA Grind for a long time. He from, he's, or at least he's lived in Astoria. He's been running around Astoria with the fucking old school. The truck with the horn on the top. Yelling out the truck. Shout to him all shit. I found out we're birthday twins. Okay. So, okay. Yeah. Look at that. Call him go. You, you Go.


I, I just looked it up And I said it had his birthday right there. I was like, oh no shit. Hey We're birthday twins. We're alike. I don't think we're alike but salute. I was shocked. Shit. I might move to New York just to vote against Eric Adams. So how Eric Adams Looking. I ain't gonna lie to you. I might, I might move out there just to vote against him. How is it Looking? He's running What? Independent Gonna Run Independent. It is over. It is over. It is over. It is over. Eric Adams. It is over. Yeah, it's over again. I don't have a vote in New York. Maybe I'm out of It is over. Eric Adams has argued the worst mayor in New York's history. Really? Yes. Yeah. Get him the fuck outta here. I'm Sure it's been worse, but I'm Trying to think and I ain't sure.


I ain't sure. They said You want to go to fucking Dick was the best. What? That's what I heard. I was about to say unless you wanna start talking to Giuliani. Right. But that Giuliani was a mess. But that depends on wait. But that depends on who you ask. Can I play something that Eric, Adam said? Hold on real quick ma'am. Because I had this conversation with my mom a lot. Giuliani cleaned up New York City. Yeah. So what do you when you say that he's the worst, you can't say he's the worst because of his stance today. That's not true. We're talking about his run of his run during his New York City means. That's why I'm saying it depends on who you ask. Would you remember before Giuliani came to New York, bro 42nd Street used to be the spot.


It used to be a lot of shit going on in Midtown Manhattan that does not exist anymore as a result of Giuliani. Yes. But he still was stop and frisk and all these other things. So it depends on who you ask. Oh got it. I see what you're saying. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And play something that Eric Adams had to say recent. Like today. Oh please. Oh please. It'll be so Informative. He just say he don't like, that's why he fucking, why he fucks No Mels helping me produce. I love this. She Don't, this is a biblical moment. You Know what I mean? Was on the cross. She said God forgive them for they know not what they do. Oh She told you Joe. All These Negroes were asking me to step down.


God Old. What's the old job man? Is it old? Yeah It is old. It is old. We played this and clowned it up here before. Can you gimme the quarterback and T the Quarterback? It is still funny though. Don't ask for it again. Okay. Don't ask for the for the rest of the day. It is a Biblical moment. It is still funny. This shit is Still funny. Mel. You are. The Facebook aren The worst. I am not on Facebook. Mel's on Facebook. I hate Facebook. I'm on Facebook nigga. I hate tracks That tracks. I hate Facebook. I hate it. It's not easy to navigate. Create a page though. I have one. Use it. I do.


I Mean I have somebody else using it for me. Oh you got that person controlling all of your social. No, not that. No, no. I've got, Hey they controlling. Not that one. Can't get that one big man. Hey. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey yo man. Guess who wrote you. Yo. We need to stay outta our Business to Darl strawberry house. He did what? Down straw. Because inboxed you. You so smell. So lemme see. Sent me a screenshot. Yo. What's wrong with you son down strawberries.


Nah, I just Where Did you come up with that name? I Don eighties niggas. Oh, I heard he was killing it back in the days. Don't play with him. What? Oh my lord. They Argued for that. Him and Doc. Good. What? And them niggas had. Yeah Yo, they definitely had what? Yeah. Smoking them. Yo Joe. Man Beast. Simone heard what you said man. She started trolling after, after the backlash. She got backlash from everybody. It wasn't Necessarily my man. Get my man put on a clinic. Yo. That's friend On the playback. I was more passionate than I needed to be on the top shot the shit outta me.


I didn't give a fuck. I thought You tried to hire her. She dumbed Us. I was doing some performative shit but on the playback, this shit was like, You're not afraid. Like shut the fuck up. I don't care. I don't care nigga. I knew it was bad when Senate hit me like, yo hell are you. Wow. Oh my girl. I was like, oh shit. Huh. That's funny. I forgot y'all first. Oh my God. Anyway. Yeah, beat Simone's a fucking nut. I double down and went the fuck I said but my tone was, my tone was a Lot. Say That I do want to slow down. I can, that girl's a fucking nutcase but my tone was a lot so, and I get it.


I'm a nutcase too sometimes. But yeah, I don't identify with her brand of nutcase. But you Also said that when she's focused, she's likable. You said that in the same sentence. Like Oh then that was a mistake. I can't speak to that. I don't, I don't know. I don't You said that yo, she had some lik likable moments. She could be very Oh she has a fan base. I don't know what she's likable. Got it. That's what You're saying. She could be unlikable. I don't know. Anytime that crew wanted to go to the diner, I went home. I'm not going to all diner links when y'all just get to inviting people. 'cause we in the same spot and the diner's right up the street. Oh My God. Everybody come on let, Nah, Do you still go to diners?


There's some shit I love diners After. Huh? Do some research on this. You got too much passion with that. You tried to go to diner back in the days when you was with Sin? No, I'm saying. Oh, Trying to take to the diner. Nigga you checked that. No, I'm sorry. No you sorry back in the day. Shit just, I just wanted, Would I be at the diner would be Simone. No, Thank You. But you would be at the diner wouldn't you? Diner was late that sitting up There. I'm messing on diner. I love Di Jersey is the diner capital. I say Jersey is the capital of mad shit by the way. The diner jersey the most diner Ain. We the diner capital. Yes. Yes. We don't know shit. No, we don't care. I'm saying it anyway. Yes, nigga. Tell me. Yeah, yeah, Yeah.


We're actually There. Food out here is not too good. But fans gonna Be, no you're not Denver Nigga. Fuck that. The Food in jersey's trash bro. Excuse me. That Ain. Good. Come on. Lemme better new. It's not better in New York. I just gotta go look at topics. It's not right. That Was what time. Wait you talking? I'm food. Mel and Corey. This time when I ordered a 50 50 firecracker with fried shrimp and calamari. Can I have some because I ordered two last time. One for y'all to, to bust down and one for me. And y'all two get to digging in a bag and can, so can you at least save me some?


If I order Two? I had five pieces. Mel, you're a liar. Stop it. I'm not, I'm not. You're a liar. No I'm not. God, My salad was huge and I had your fries, which you didn't want. So you know I had two, two, She so like she, while she's talking, she's looking at his phone to see what he's Ordered. I am. I I'm so greedy. I own the, yeah you were the patch. The right I don, I only had, I had four shrimps and one piece of caramel. You did not couch count your shrimps. I did. You did not count your shrimps. I refuse to believe you because I had shrimp in my salad. So like no one, one count their shrimps. I did. And I said what Fish was counting your Shrimps? That I actually believe what We Good.


That tea good and great tea. She is amazing. And we split Joe's fries. Oh shit. Yo. We caught come out three Fries. See he counts the fries. I had three. She said we split 'em. Oh now we count fries. I don't even eat fries like that. She Said we split the fries. We gotta be for real. These podcast. Yo yo Yo dog we caught. Yo we caught. We are caught. Give them under the car. It is a rat yo come out from behind the building on the left bro. No, It Is ever said in front of a plate of fried food encounter. I think that's, I mean, yeah he does that though. But don't y'all think that's rude to just go nigga's food? He don't care. I watch this nigga watch him. He going Nigga's food. Yeah. I watch this nigga just go in niggas food. He made it. Mel, Mel is the King of that.


Joe made it comfortable. She act Ask good for that. She can't be. She does, she can't be worse than Joe. Joe bad at it though. They they, they brother And sister Joe made it comfortable to go in nigga's Food. If, if I do that It is somebody I, I rock with. So I don don't expect them. Oh yeah, do every too, I'm gonna a, I'm gonna just take a quick fork while you, I'm not gonna go behind your back digging this. So you ain't got a fool. No you ain't gonna do that. And when I order, I'm gonna order a bunch of shit. So that's a fact. How about but this nigga She wants you to hand the phone since you can order I'm not hand Mel. Shit. After she barked to me earlier and did that trauma perverse shit, it's okay. He's probably gonna order something I want to eat anyways. I'll pass you the phone because I'm a man. But Said that you can put it out nigga. Nigga. Nah, this motherfucker Three racks.


Three racks. Boy I wanna See that shit. She loved that trauma. Shit. Tears that I'm feeling traumatized. This nigga just selling the trauma. Well she traumatized again. All right, hold On, hold on real quick. Sorry. Just want to acknowledge that we noticed that you trying to buy us a lot every now you trying to buy everybody food. This your new bag even though you do it like now you letting us get orders nigga. And it feels good Ain ain't gonna lie. I thought about it at home like damn my man is good but don't think, you don't think don't fuck it up. Ain fuck it up. Oh was it, oh okay It is bag clean me up.


All right I'll take that back. I just felt good about it like damn man, my man buying lunch for you. You know what I mean? Oh No, there's no, there's no new behavior happening 'cause of that leak. I'm the same me flip. Okay, I'm just sorry Joe. I just wanna Me, I just wanna make ordered food before I just, I didn't hear it. It didn't say nothing. I gotta throw you because you, you his oldest friend I gotta throw you. How do I get in in this nonsense Joe and no he ain't no I'm Not. He I just meant this nigga in old eight. Who would be your oldest friend here? I don't know. I don't keep counting the guy. Fuck friends. I oldest, oldest, oldest friend. Oh you want that Bullshit we talking about? Oh man that's what the league do.


I don't have any friends business for some years. Hey don't worry It is gonna happen to you. I'm hey you gonna turn your back on quite a few folks, stop it. I'm joking. Stop. Yo, I'm joking. Come on. I don't saying don't call. It's a joke man. Don't call my man name Nigga no one. Nah, I'm about to play some music shit. Hold up. Gotta get that feeling. Gotta restore that Feeling Spencer to freeze All I'm playing a song by the artist, big Jersey. Great project. Shout out to her. This record is called Red Light Special featuring Cali. Let's go Gravity To do with Save for Life.


Right? So you ain't got no type but somehow the right type plan on giving the world might as well leave me alone said I like it and Love it. The thing that you do. What you doing Ain snatching soul the way that you fuck for me. Flip me in every way. You ready babe? I'll be your personal freak. It's a pretty so down kid whenever That is.


Brand new music from the artist. That record is called Red Light Special, available in your phone and on DSPs right now featuring Cali. Shout to Cali. And the name of that project is called Who I Am again really fired Project Big Jersey. Shout to the artist. Salute Big Jersey. All right, so I'm gonna play a sleeper since a lot of y'all were acting like Malice is just now popping back up with the Ace Trumpets record. And I was telling y'all that he's been doing this for a minute now get him freeze. So this is I Pray For You Clipse Pusha T and Malice off. This came out in 2022. I pray for I Pray For You.


I Pray For You. I Pray For You. I Pray For You.


Really? Do you see the phoenix rise from the ashes? Lightning struck twice on four classics. Self-preservation. We separate ourselves from the plastic. The ankle of my sweat still elastic, still do gymnastics and cold still forever young. Then I'm gonna summersault backwards through these chapters. Land in the soft white, cook it till it's off white. They questioning my scorecard pulled into a torch light. I hid it in the porch light. See I had the foresight. My 9 1 1 was pulling up to match and Porsche night. Ooh the merry drug dealer even named my son Ricks. He raps what he lives so fuck the nanny going sick. It's the grown man in me searching for the plug that's the no nomad in me.


Still the X factor. That's the roll hand in me. Reluctantly a role model that drowned in too many gold bottles. Harold Melvin went out the blue note the past 10 years screaming Uno and sidestep back into the duo, the kings of the Pyrex. How my brothers keeper, if you listening you dissect. All I talk is money. If you listen to my dialect, bitch I shot grinding in my mama's, mama's projects. I'm just being honest with you. How is that for context? You can live forever when the shit You right is timeless. We going forever because the shit we write is timeless.


Tell me what I missed. New designer drugs and emotions. I don't get, I don't hell cats steel paddle. When I ship Vietnam flashbacks I get triggered by a sniff. Today's top fives only strengthening my myth. But long on Rushmore just from chiseling the brick still fighting demon. See that curses now my gift secrets die with me. That's as deep as the abyss. That is no coincidence. When now was in the mix opened up your nose like I'm cutting it with vs. Slaving over stoves like I rub together, sticks paved another row. So my soul will coexist but heaven only knows I will dig another ditch in a suit and tie like you putting on the wrist.


Three record deals. Show me ignorance was bliss trying to milk a game that is only 2% X told you hell is hot. I told you repent. Faith never wavered as I walked along the fence. Faith moves mounting. So what are you up against? Watch my brother around you bitches. I know he pretends I greet you with the love of God. That don't make us friends. I might whisper in there, bury all of them, light another Kiki torch and carry it again Back up on my ring back And again that record is I Pray For You it's it's a sleeper because apparently y'all have been sleeping on what Malice has still been doing.


So. Fair enough. And they'll be back Two weeks. Two weeks. Can't wait. I'm going to South Carolina. This is Nick Grant. It ain't personal. Yeah, Yeah. All I ever wanted was a Rockefeller chain in the cosign. All I got was trying to pull my people out. The dope house. This the life I know about quickest. The liquor store route like a buzzing rapper.


This pistol will kick your door down. Soon as I finish squeeze and scream everything is a rollout. Couldn't see I was right for this. Like I'm Stevie at Motown. Shame dirty lowdown would come round, go round, keep a fire stick for nigga watching my program. I was 17 in my Nova bump in the snowman peel press a kicking out bite like it's some toe jam. Never chase the pussy you never bow down to no man. Red and white chavelle look like I sponsored a co-brand gave the game my heart. But I rarely believed in romance training day. Denzel got money under the flow plan. That's my neighborhood. Them niggas love me like the dope man. You ain't never listen to my shit nigga. That's your bad five star flow. Yeah I'm the king of the notepad. Even though your bitch they'll raise a stick like the slow dance I'm from where them niggas be robbing to get the dough back from where the dope fi soundtrack is.


Bobby wo match. Know that. I just tell 'em keep the faith when you got no money, all of them bitches play. Keep away. Paper chase get the bread. As long as we feed the safe it going be all We on you like an A spent my whole life trying to come up on these dreams. Looking at the game man this shit ain't what it seems. I'm looking at the game man. This shit ain't what it seems. I'm looking at the game No longer personal to me. Yeah This shit no longer personal to Me. Tell me how to fuck all you niggas fake when keeping The winners Free Better than all you niggas. Which I was active in the nineties. Ain't no competition.


You going to think it's dressed cold. How they tuck they attention from where they knocked. Your brains loose. Boy the game is senseless from shaking hands with jigga to nah saying I'm the illest from where them niggas multiply. This shit back with. They gremlins swimming their money. My squad got different strokes but if fitting Ain got no money. What you talking bro? Willis? I'm back. New Tide bridges this dope audio two nigga we top billing, they gonna let me cook. We bubble fresh out the kitchen. I bubble back like cellulite. Keloids on bitches. I had to ratchet like when your wife, he caught you with mistress top record flow. My nigga should be in Guinness and I'm gonna keep balling like Kobe towards Achilles. Never seen the defeat but still standing on business. Geeking on you niggas like Urkel with the suspenders came for the money but know that we back for interest.


Traces of hold and got some remnants of biggie. All I see is a real nigga when I'm in the mirror, ain't nobody real. You know I raised nines like a child to take a village. How I'm shooting through the scope. You think a nigga filming the flow keep running out Pure. It ain't no filter. A nigga take me for a joke. I played a villain. Spent my whole life trying to come On these dreams. Looking at the game man this shit ain't what it seems. I'm looking at the game man. This shit ain't what it seems. I'm looking at the game no Longer personal to me As Nick Grant. It ain't Personal. Shout to Nick man. I'm going back to it's the older song.


Gentleman's name is Elijah Waters and the song is Lose Control Now Rock Babe, I lost my mind one time that know not the same. I cannot breathe. I cannot see my eyes. I don't reach out. I don beating. I don't see I inside looking to say I can't make it this way.


Much that I took it can't take it home. Take me. But can you make me understand? Can you take back, can you make me go?


It is hard to see. Doesn't matter when it's animated. Afraid to lose it. I, I can't move. I can't control how I portray. She, she's still my favorite. Fast. Finally close the That's Elijah Waters Lose Control.


That's fire. A little alternative rock vibe. Melyssa Ford. You you gonna join us? Yes. I'm sorry. Mine is called Gemini by Maray. What happened?


My eyes stuck in the middle This game. I don this, this shit like It is fire Stuck between two places.


Can't fuck with no you me and and without you. And that's the lie. That was Maray Gemini. That was he. That was dope fire man. That was fire me. Always got some alternative heat.


You pushed it again Ain. No I did it. I fixed it. No it's great. Yeah. Good job. Is there anything else that we are forgetting? I don't believe so. Yo man what Are you looking at? We really unpack that XXL freshman list at a later date. No, go ahead. Don't do that. Come on. Get your shit off. Yeah man, I don't wanna step on that. These are people that are excited about being on that cover it. It don't matter that I'm old and don't know. No, please, please do. Actually you do know something. I you Know a couple. Let's do it. Jellos on there. The kid Ray V is on There. Ray V is on there. Salute. Oh go congrats. Samari is on there. Salute Cardinal's doing all the beats.


That's dope. Actually a couple of these people I don't know as well, but I guess we'll we'll get familiar with him. Nino paid low Shimmy, eam, tripling Baby Chief DeWit 1900 Rugrat. I don't know these people Salute What? Fuck. I know a couple up here but I happy fame. I'm happy for everybody. Yeah. Yeah we old man. Wow. Those names are gonna stand the test of time, huh? Yeah. 1900 Rum Ratt. One day we're gonna be looking back at this video like man, 1900 Rugrat chief. Do he made that? Yeah. We thought it was silly back then but Oh man. Yeah. I don't have anything else that is, I'm happy that at least this year there's some people that we are familiar with.


There's been a long of, it was like, I Haven't heard, I not even familiar, haven't heard these names ever. Correct. Like not even, I don't know your songs but some of these from a couple years ago it's been like yo of them I'm out of it of didn't Know any of them. Yeah, the entire list. Yeah So, So we played some of these records up here. So this is cool. Nah, it's good. Anytime you are discovering new acts or helping new acts get discovered, it's all the way fire. But after hearing y'all read the list, it does beg the question like how how much money could double XL save by just ending itself as a publication. I Didn't know there If Double XL just ceased to exist, I wonder how much money would be saved.


Like you think a little bit like they ain't gotta keep wasting people's time trying to get In your Elon Shit. Hey double xl. Go ahead on. Go ahead on man. Go ahead on y'all. It is okay. It is old K. You could let on the radar and them hold it down. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You had a great run. Yeah you had a great run. Like y'all still fucking tricking these young acts into thinking that y all matter and you don't. Oh wow. Oh you, I'm sorry. I don't care what y'all going fuck some issues, what they gonna do? Whatcha gonna, that's why that lady don't like you now, bro. Who? Vanessa? I don't know. Vanessa's still editing over there out there. I like Vanessa. I like people even if they don't like me.


Especially When you give him a reason not to like you. No, he said he on his way over here. That's what's up. That's what's up. That's up. Tron Tune in at the bottom of some things for the audience. I hate to end this episode this way, but I do have good news and bad news for y'all. So even though you're not here, I'll ask y'all, which news do you want first? Always lead with the bad. You always Go with the bad. Of course you want the bad news. Gotta the bad first audience Gotta. So we're approaching the end of June and after much consideration and a lot of conversations and emails, the owner of this beautiful establishment has decided to terminate the lease here.


So Damn. Damn. What a run The game. What a run. Yeah, but what's the good news though? Hello Lord Now but the good news He bought it. You dig? We decided we gonna stay right here. Hey. Hey guess what audience don't ft. Hey wig Ain going nowhere. You know what I mean? They wanted us to Not have the fucking lay at the city, the city line in the background.


They wanted us to not have the fucking water in the background. Podcast, group chat, talking shit. Guess what audience right here. Huh? I don't feel like moving. Come on. Don't feel like calling a movie company nigga. Fuck are they talking about? You can't terminate the police. You own it going on Out here Man. Big mail. Don't worry about me In about two weeks man. We gonna pop some, some champagne or some sparkling cider or something like that.


God is good all the time and all the time. Amen. Amen. Big man. Hey They tried us man. But God is good. My God. Don't play about me at all. Not At all man. Wow. How you feeling Mel? You ain't wanna move big move. No you ain't wanna have To call that moving company again. I did not wanna move that you scam. We Had to call up back boxes. I saved them bitch.


You said what? No, this I'm about to lose my job. No, not that. Hey, hey I resign Rick. Hold on. But you sizzle For a long time too. They can't get rid of you. You got some of the fan base thinking I was about to fire you 'cause last five you're like ah, my Job was in drag. I was about to lose my job. Well it was, that Was a freestyle. That's something you and flip made up. I record, I recorded you. She has never heard anything from Me to say that her job was in jeopardy. Never. She has never Heard any of that. Oh man, she had The fuck outta here.


Put some pressure on that. No, I'll turn this off. I'll find a little outro song. I just wanted to talk some shit. That's What's up. Congratulations. Oh, congratulations. Congratulations. Oh that's why. Another one, another One, another one, another one. Good pod today y'all. Yeah. Great pod. Hey we keep podding like this. I'm at this Building in I about say that the building lot here. How many units in this building? I don know. I don Dunno. Oh let's don't get involved. Don't let me and my man get on the same cord nigga.


Hold up. Yeah nigga be like Idris and what's the name in the wire? Boy, stop playing. Don't play with us now. Which one's Idris? Idris is the school. Idris Idris Idris. Good Paul. Man, hopefully y'all enjoyed this broadcast as much as we enjoy delivering it to you. Keep us in your prayer. Lord knows we need to be there until The next next time we bid you a do farewell Adio, Reba, dichi, OTA rvo. So long. Goodbye. A simple head nod will suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make each one last as if It is all we have.


And lastly, the bandies are insecure and hungry in the summertime. Hey, true. You. You know them. Moes want to eat something now. That's true. The stagnant women want to travel and the close-minded women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol or you might need it. Gimme a quick run. What everybody we can look like. What anybody We can look like work. It's the pride parade. Yes. Back Woody doing Is you getting naturalized gonna interfere with that? No. Can you go or is this like the protest? I can go because I'm gonna be hanging out on my friend's balcony. So I'm gonna be able to watch the parade from the safety of his apartment. No, you was backing again. All right. Nevermind. Never. I can bite. Yeah you can hear.


You can hear the begging now my friend. It is balcony right There Times Square. He said I can check stay I packed days. You bring your days. I'm Totally big Days flip. You said you working right? Yes. I'm going to the proper parade too but I'm not going but I'm sending some flipping network. Are there more? Flip the network people that need to meet their dad. There's a lot of people that need to meet their dad. You bringing a lot of people to meet their dad and it's some of the best content I've ever seen. What is Thank you is wrong with you bitch. Why y'all don't know yo, if your dad is able and alive man, go ring his bell with flip man and get to the bottom of the age.


That's great. Thank You. Thank you. Thank you guys. It what you doing man? Yo, you know nothing man. I'm just Chilling. Shit. Corey. Corey known nigga. Corey, what we doing? Yo, if you get a building here, if you get a place of here nigga you lit nigga. I'm coming to your crab. Not like this nigga. I'm in your shit here. I'm sleeping over randomly too Ish. What you on this weekend? You waiting off? I here. Are you going to, are you going to more cigar lounge events? What you doing? Chilling bro. So you gonna be home all weekend? I'm gonna be working. Ooh, life after. Has the cookout working? Working? No, not this week. Not this week. This next week? Yeah they Took off. Why the nigga get more informed than you Melly. You be there again.


I mean he is there more than I am. No, I feel like he might be for Real. I don Dunno. I don't know. I don't know. I thought it was, I thought it was every weekend. I heard it was this weekend. Well it's next weekend. Okay. All this weekend. They rented it out to next weekend if cookout will be back. You get your little fast ass out there. Get some catfish. Right. I there get some catfish Freeze With you on. I'm going to Jeezy got the TM 1 0 1 show for the 20 year anniversary All black and Josie it at Apollo Fire. So I'll be out there for sure. Shout to Jeezy to Jesus. Shout the drama. Bring the strap with you.


Be careful out on, on 25th Street. Pickety. What you doing Pickety? My trying to balance work and outside relationship. You know I want be outside but I wanna work too so I'm gonna do both. Oh my heart drop. I said oh shit. Whoa, whoa. Oh yeah I I thought he said I'm stepping outside My relationship hot wi did what? You fucked my hard drive. I'll be stepping outside with my baby. She found out about that rich shit going on. On Man these nigga my hot drive niggas. I don Time. I wanna be outside but I got some shit to do too so. Oh man. I'm not mad at you. I'm trying to get outside more.


I don't have too much planned man. I'll be Chilling. Being faithful, being focused, faithful and focused. That's it. Till next time man. Y'all enjoy y'all weekend. Hold it down till next time. Remember if you didn't enjoy this broadcast the way that we enjoyed delivering it to you, it doesn't matter at all. We'll be back same time, same place. Same place next week. But sweet away. I enjoy reading it. Any final words? Final words? We love y'all. We love y'all. Make Sure you pledge patron's pledge to see exclusive content and also, oh shit, We got a commercial Corey. And also we dropping some new videos, some exclusive paper, new videos.


We'll be dropping this weekend. We see you soon. Love you. We need the harmonica now. Hey. Hey Yo. Mel can I get piece of that three K girl. Oh Mel, how much you ain't say how Much I told you. We'll talk about that off camera milk. I get piece Ain. All right man. That's five. You aren't even this take a I advocate for you. 700. I want 500. That's all. Gimme five. Well you ain't getting seven. No you can't. You can't take most of the seven. Shit. Ain going Take, You gonna take most of the seven. That's You really trying to Can't 700 in the pool one of these days. Like that was so easy to get. Hey, I don't need you for the pool. Hey. Oh talk Ain Many people I know in this building.


Hey no hold Up. Lies out for real nigga. She went across the hall nigga to a whole different elevator. I never seen. I sure did. Me, it was like this. I wanted a follow on her like what the fuck are you doing? Okay. I'm surprised you didn't actually no, I was make surprised. You like, all right cool. And when she get kidnapped, I don't want to turn to her on the news and she'd make it sound like it was somebody else's fault. You, you keep wandering and just place it got coerced. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tall power dynamic. I work in there. I work in that building. That's it man. Oh look at Polking. Some BTS Don't, Don't talk to us like that again.


That was crazy. We asked you to get the bts. We don't give a fuck about Ian anymore. Ain. Ain't no bts bitch. We don't care about Ian anymore and we work out together. You wasn't gonna talk to me like that. That was crazy. That was repeated. It too crazy. Nah. Paul was like, nah, not today. Nah, Ain Ain Ain. Ain't see the camera out nigga. Ian. Nah. Oh man. Corey, what you doing this weekend? Staying single. Staying away from them. That's right. Protect yourself. Yeah.


You've never heard of Joe Buddy.