(0s):
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. What? Well right up on 'em too. Right on Erie Avenue Right there. Hey. Hey everybody. Is that where it from? It is Erie Avenue. He got bigger problems than me. You said? Is that where he's from?

(40s):
Yeah, we went to the shades early. He s not, you know you Gotta put I didn mission. He gotta put back on the fly Shit that nigga's complimented go. No, I just put on the Michael Jackson joint. I just see the vibe that everybody It is on. Nigga like Michael, nigga for the Super Bowl. Hey we we Are we on? We on. Oh. Hello. Hello. Good day. You guys did a mic check pause We did in in British. Okay. In British. In British. It's funny isn't it? Isn't it? Oh man. How y'all feeling? Feeling Good. Feeling good, Feeling great Joe.

(1m 21s):
You look very bundled up man. It ain't that cold in here my nigga. Everything's So dramatic with this. Go ahead talk. That's nice. Cashmere. That's why, that's why he wore it. Skill Math. You play right into it. That's, it's Okay. We was ignoring him. You Fuck that scarf nigga. Or it's nine degrees outside and It is one of the only smokers here that actually utilizes that without a jacket. It probably would be nice to have at Least a scarf. It's, it's not nine degrees in here And you're not smoking right now. So the scarf while bundled up sitting here, your fucking neck about to be sweating.

(2m 2s):
Well why do you, you don't speak for my body. I Don't speak for your body Like I Don. No, No you ain't never cuddle. You be sweat. You neck all you Want. You never cuddled with me. No Sir. No sir. I kept into a lock. You sleep walking here, here. You Know how fast I perspire. I don't wanna know. That's good For you. Good One for you. Yeah, on my body. Fuck you nigga. How you doing? I hate this scarf. I'm not gonna hold you. Why? Why is this? This is Like, he like a fucking, like a Nah shit is flaw. Not it's sitting in the house. It's not, it's fly outside Like an anime character. I want my neck to be worn paws. Like why even got it warm?

(2m 42s):
This ain't even something I wanna speak to my niggas about. Like What the fuck. But the way you got it all nigga like you in the Sahara Desert nigga take that shit off. Yeah, It is. It is. It is. You got it all up here. Block, like on some fashion shit. Like you always doing some fashion state. I wasn't trying to make a fashion Statement so put it on record. I tie it like mom Used to tie nigga fishing for male compliment. Like how mom used to tie, he got the fly shit with the red. He do with the hat look Kind. Looks like It is right up his chin covering his is mad. Dirty S right under His lip. Like we know that's that trick nigga. We saw that. I don't want no smoke with nobody body. Man Take It off. I don't want no smoke take. At some point during this show, my scarf will come off. Alright, good.

(3m 23s):
The reveal life altering. Hey you, you and Trey playing, playing on wearing the same hat like that? Or is that just some fly shit? That's my son. You, we speak to each other just telepathically. I don can give you a number. Right. Telepath. We yeah, both. I got You. Thank you. And I and I would appreciate it. Same one. Don't gimme nothing from Burlington. Nigga. The same hat you was in Burlington for a long time that night when you went over there. I was You was getting your shit off in now. 13. I wasn't getting my shit off. I, I was looking for a pair of jeans and starting to go on walkin in slow motion. Yeah. Had a slice. I might have went through the whole McDonald's drive through chain smoked.

(4m 3s):
He was in there for a while that night. Oh man. Got that fly academics gear from 2003. Yeah. You bugger. I got some shit. But It is cool. You got some pep. Oh man. Yo, good to see all y'all. Yeah, Good to be seeing what's popping, Ain't you? Yeah, I got a problem. What's your problem? What's up? You know Ish, Ish is my problem Ish. Birthday was last week and as his friend, new friend, You know what I mean? 'cause he had a lot of man. So I don't know what category I fit in. You not Hands yet? The lowest tier of man, lemme help you. It is the lowest possible.

(4m 44s):
It's the intern. I'm trying the intern tier of man. I'm trying to get, I'm trying to get in the building. Yeah. You leaving me? No, for real. But Ish birthday was last week. Thursday. What? What's fucked up is I knew that and I didn't Say happy birthday to him. So I guess un fouled PS I know That's white people. Shit. Y'all up brother. Y'all put us a slave. Happy birthday. Salute. Happy belated man. Thank you. Belated. Yeah man. Thank God you ain't letting somebody take charge of the cake. You know what I'm saying? Niggas would've been out 1500. We gotta get a building cake for this construction Worker. I have a theme in my Yo, at some point y'all have to get y'all closure for this cake without her participation because she's never gonna stand how you do that.

(5m 26s):
She is never But Joe, There's a way to get It. Can't do that. Yeah, we can't get help. Her participation is sending the bread back. Nah, can't. I'll be closed. You can get, you can get closure without the other person. Beat her back. No. Yo. Unless we charge him. Yo Mel, we doing such and such. We need Your Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Work it out. Scared back. I still got his request in. No, it it, It timed out. Expired. Yeah, it expired. Like yo, she ain't respond to it. Well I feel Like this weekend might have made up for that a little bit. Ooh, Careful. What you ask for? Hey, I ain't this. We good? Oh yeah. Good. Oh hey, what the hell happened this weekend? Oh, we went out to Disney on ice.

(6m 8s):
I bought the whole fan. How Did y'all, why were you at Disney on ice? I Had a box at Barclay's. Mm. What of question is that To even ask a black woman in 2025 though. Why were you at, why were you there? Like, because I think, I think the insinuation is that I have no children so why would I be at Disney on night? Oh My god. That's even worse. The Insinuation was I do have children and I wanted an invite. Oh Yeah. And she had full tickets left. But that Sounds a lot Different. And you wouldn't, Why were you There? Blame my head and not my heart. I thought, I thought he invited her and I was, it was more like why would you invite her and not the person with So even More hate.

(6m 49s):
No, It's all hate. This is all hate. No, but it was your, you no listen. Would've listened. Listen, she was fine. Twin. Oh, you, I'm Not gonna hold you Auntie Mel. Listen auntie, auntie Mel had laid Mark. Please blame my head and not my heart because honestly I I invited this one. He didn't come blame my Head. She threw that off. Wait, you said honestly you she went to the black church? Honestly, well wait, she turns Canadian when she's on the spot. Honestly, listen, mark forgives. You okay? It is fine. So you Invited everybody But Mark, because I, I got married. No, that's not, that's not it. That's not it. Can you chase's not Disney on ice. I'm skating right by that.

(7m 31s):
Skating right by that. Hey Mark. No, but I will have another opportunity. You can Hmm. In the, in the New future. Oh yeah, we cutting that. Oh, she'll cut you on the cut. You on the makeup off. Cut that because I, you know it's the jamus bit. Yeah, yeah. I got that. Yeah, I got you all. And when he come up up here, he just get mad. I watch old Mark old shit. I even watch the night school shit in, in like secretly he don't talk like this. He get a lot of shit off. It is like he finally free up here. Man that shit sound crazy. He be like, yo, you know I was watching the news and I feel like, Ha, You see my books in the back of China. Nigga drink his juice like this with his pinky here.

(8m 13s):
Look How y all this cup, how you sit? This shit crazy. The real mark. The real mark. No It is duality. Ah, Thank you. Shout that. Thank you. Cold switching. Thank you. Cold switch. I thought cold switch was like an insult man. Nah, it's the other way around you Cold switch. Gotcha. But yeah, the next time you have tickets or an opportunity for Disney, let me know. But what, what made it so good? I had stuff for the adults as well as the kids. So, so Auntie male don't play. You said that shit The kids sat up front enjoyed the show. She had anything for them. And then adults was having The alcohol in the Party back here man. Wow. You had the mushrooms. Somebody did something. You was event planning.

(8m 53s):
Now I wouldn't say that I was event planning. I am just, she Worked for what's the company Pan Space on What I'm, shit, I've got people Got some why y'all are hating. Look, I ain we not doing this and not even down. No got some's not even low though. She ain got going but It is say You good at it though? No ojo Shine. Like to hear that. Nah, that shit was, shit was fucked. Shit. She fucking got hosted money fights. Yo. I got that's eight yo. I got a box come through. That's eight no issue to come to. That's eight. How much you first and last invite for you? 17.

(9m 33s):
Miss I invited Joe too? No I didn't get invite. I was just teasing Mark. He did. I did not. Yes you did. What invite I got? Hey officially you Got one? I was literally sitting here last week and invited you. Oh wait, you was inviting niggas while I was here On air? No Friday. Oh, I was about to say yo, they off. She invited me on air too. Oh. You can cut Everybody's off a little bit. Oh that, that was okay, I'll stand down promo it. This girl. Oh you had the promo Mel what you what show button Podcast.

(10m 14s):
What got box 12 brought to you? By Powered by the I didn do it everybody. Spirit World Our Heritage. That fucking didn't do it. Lifetime State Farm man. Alright. Yo, that was A good finac. Holy shout to you man. You should have told us it was your fucking birthday. Facts. I'm Mad about that. I really feel the way You should. That's odd. Yeah. Shit. That's odd. It ain't only, It is odd Only because people say, Hey man, what's going on with you? What you got going on this week? Nothing, nothing working.

(10m 54s):
Word mark. That would've been the perfect time to say I ain't doing too much man. It's my birthday on such and such a day. What they got to do with the question? Thank You sir. Well gimme, gimme one. Thank you sir. Gimme the name of the self-righteous black p person from back in the day. It is like, you know you got Thurgood Marshall. WEB Du Bois Gimme one of them niggas like why? Because he remind me of one of niggas, man. I'm not hitting who? Because he ain't mention Can can you tell? Yeah, but he like on some standup Shit. Yeah, he like the dropout author or some shit. He like, fuck. At the end of the day, people love you. And that is, Thank you. That is wrong though. Like there is ethics and friendship. That's, that's wrong. I'm gonna flip There is bro. Yo, my birthday's coming up. Yeah, You something. You off.

(11m 34s):
You don't gotta, you don't have to say You didn't wanna be celebrated. Yeah. Niggas love you bro. I wanted to celebrate you. Yeah, me Too. So since it was Thursday we would've, you know, done something on Friday. Cupcakes. I Like a good reason to go out. Have a time. Cupcakes for a cupcake. Right. For a muffin. Funny niggas is different bro. It's cool though. If you pull that shit next year for 50, we gonna jump you. Oh no We on his As we can't do that for 50. We all going to Portugal. We out group trip load jet Portugal.

(12m 16s):
It is. Well, happy belated birthday bro. Thank you. Happy belated. Belated 50 years old man. Cool. 49. I mean, Which which they gonna round up All the Time. They go round up. It's your 50th year Or something? Yes. 50th year. Yeah. You just died way make you 50 word. Make me 50. It's cool. Yeah. Thank you. Damn, you all as hell up here now. How old are you? 44. Gotcha. Yeah, it sound different now. It it, it sound a little different than 49. And by the grace of God, I, I hope to get there.

(12m 56s):
Well you Look good for four. Thank you. 49, 50 Ish. Thank you. Do somewhere there complimenting you my nigga. Dad. 49, 50 Ish. Thank you brother. I appreciate, I appreciate I don want You right there. You right there. You might as well just say I don you could still get a, you look good for your age. Oh shit. I didn't even know that's how it used to shake the room back in the day. I used to love being there for that moment. Guess how old I ma'am you nigga. I was right there in your eyes too. Little Bitch. Yo. The whole room. He used to steal the bitches with that one. You the best. Yo. I'm 43. Yo. You the best.

(13m 44s):
That shit, shit online. You'll Never guess. So. Come On. You know you're not, you can't, you Can't temper my, you can't, you can't temper my eyes. You can't. You can't. Yo. You can't. Nah. Watch I Go you the best go go. No you can't stick. Yo yo. Okay. Best potter in the world. That shoes. No. Nah. I used to get tighter than you sometimes nigga. All nigga I used to snitch earlier. He on down. How many times do you think this little trick is going fly in? Yo, he mad. Oh.

(14m 27s):
Oh my Lord. Oh my Lord. Oh my god. All right. Oh shit. Give some old school shit. Happy belated birthday to What y'all thought. Hey I got 49 and up 49 and up to the dance floor s Little for y'all today.

(15m 12s):
Need another 49 and up 49 and up. You get discussed? Yeah. Yeah. I don that's your bathroom next to the men's and women's Put two Down the one with that. The one with the racks and the Handles By the toilet. Alright, wherever you might be listening from man.

(16m 5s):
Rest in peace. Heavy D let's go then. Trouble With I got a funny feeling honey. That your kind of Shout to wherever you might be listener from. Always for the names away for the ladies Because your girls told me Jersey into field was popping. Stay outta your way. I won't be ignorant it Catch the next step. South Jersey. What up Phil? Up. I never figured you for the quiet type Delaware. I always thought you strong or maybe I ain't the one I want know because if I don't it's going haunt me.

(16m 55s):
Your word up. You got me thinking you want, you want Philly's fine. This is you in your bag bro. Throw everybody foot. All the happy couples out there. All the miserable ones too. You said Philly Finest. I'm talking about all out there.

(17m 53s):
Alright. How's everybody doing man? How y'all doing? Y'all good? Y'all good? Y'all good? Good. Alright. Y'all looking good. You're smelling good. Happy to here Nigga.

(18m 44s):
Shit like silk. Yo. Wild, Wild. Laqua would did that much. I wasn't gonna do that. I was just gonna start the P but I ain't wanna disrespect Mark. Thank you Girl, mother, father. This song is another one of those that triggered me and bring back fucking bad memories To hook and chill Type Plus she up a had to hook up.

(19m 27s):
For Real. That's when girl records was popping. You think it don't even make girl records no more. The sex to Yo, this nigga getting off so much cap in this shit. Yo. All these girls do is gimme me the sex and then I be sick of them babe. Like that ain't gonna fly Girl. She about to drop my baby girl life soon to be here girl, Fuck that. Alright Let my man shit off real quick.

(20m 29s):
See that's the problem man. I could tell when I'm around niggas that didn't rush to the dance floor, I ain't seen none of these niggas on the dance floor. I ain't gonna hold you. I mean there's some talks. Some talks we can't have. 'cause when the DJs throw the shit on News, Joe Biden, You niggas didn't rush to the dance floor. Man hit your B. It Is cool man. I did it enough for everybody man. Have to speed, speed birth to. It's alright man.

(21m 10s):
Nah, you stayed a little step and Eire or some shit. I ain't see you on the dance floor in cheetahs though. None of that Pink, Pink elephant. Maybe you look like a pink elephant kind of guy. Nah, We was in Pink Elephant. Shut up. Stop Front bottles started taking over by that time You were still there. No, but niggas wasn't Two stepping bottles made. Niggas forget the two step. Yo. You gonna bring money into it somehow. I'm lying. Nope. No you're never really Lying. Bottles made. Niggas forget the two step bottles And sections. Well The bottles was the bottles was the section. Yeah. Facts. You know what I mean? Girls ain't like them niggas in the middle of the dance wall sweaty no more. Get Some of your liquor.

(21m 50s):
Why you couldn't hit the bop in your section? I did. There's only so much bopping you do in this section. You know what I mean? You gotta be cool on the couch, you know what I mean? Move your shoulders. Minimum. Minimum. Minimum movement. Minimum minimum. Bob. No, no sweating none of that. Yeah, you can't go crazy in the section. There you go. You gonna look nuts. Well where's the section at? It didn't matter. It ain't matter. Cheetahs nigga had a section. I wasn't in no section back then. I mean Nigga I was walking around. I mean I was in the back playing The bar. I mean Upstairs somewhere. He was in the section is what he's trying to say. But not say it. I didn't see him.

(22m 30s):
He was trying To stutter you. I know he said you was in gen. Pop was Seen. I was looking around though. You were dusty. Oh shit. Oh What he was trying to say Double Look. She Like yo, that's what he was saying. Right. That's what he was. Little hundred $75 bottles of Great Goose back then. I was in chaos too. Really? On the top level. Started on you again. He like, oh shit. It was a top level. No, I was definitely a top level. No Little. Oh sorry you wasn't home. I was in all Of them. You was. I was in, I remember you in the 12. I was in Absolutely all of them. I Don remember you was in Griffins.

(23m 10s):
It is the point man. Yo, A flip. That's new. Tell me. Yeah, That's little late. That's, that's later. My football. It's a decade or two later. Yeah. One Oh you know All that. Okay. Sorry. I'm just trying to keep up with you. Old niggas, I Mean Lotus and all of that man. Come on little lightweight. Alright, we reminisce. What episode Is this? Butter? 7 93. Butter. You all this Shut the, You were there too. Everybody Get I was in butter. Everybody wasn't getting in that butter though. Thanks. Y'all are hoes. Y'all. Y'all just been outside tenured You? I was outside learning and working. Learning and working.

(23m 51s):
It was, it was a learning on the job Situation for you. Huh? Got you. What episode Is this? 7 93. Welcome to episode 7 93 of the Joe Button podcast. Brought to you by Fuel. By Power, by PrizePicks Prize. Miss Gang, I'm your humble, grateful, gracious and highly favored, fully dressed host Joe Button here with a few really amazing people. To my right, big Mel Ford is in the building. Y'all known the vibes. Queens Flip Queens get the money King Wawa Ish is here. Ha. Birthday boy himself. Big freeze is here. Elizabeth's finest. Dr. Mark Lamont Hill. You know the vibes. El Myra's finest Parks is here. You Po is here. Corey is here. My Trey is over here. You I love you.

(24m 32s):
Fucking who back there. Ericson is here. Ian is here. Keib is here. Tanner and Avon are here by remote. And last but certainly not least, each and every one of you guys are out there. Tanner, I'm so sorry. The Wrongest. What Happened? Detroit Lion fan Detroit. Oh yeah. It's our God be Yeah. You got their asses handed to 'em. Did They get their assses handed to him or was it a game? It was a good game. So wasn't. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That first half was amazing. But you could feel the pull away. Yeah. They Still had a chance until, nah, it was just the Turnovers. I looked up and said, you let you let them score 21 points in the First Quarter is not championship. Championship football. I knew they wasn't, they was determined because them niggas was going forward on fourth downs.

(25m 15s):
Like nothing. They was like, yo, we not leaving nothing on the board. That's kind of the new thing. Yeah, It is. I'm just, they bad teams ahead. We're not starting with Nah, no. Start it right. Just a second. But Tan our heart goes out to you and all the Lions fans out there. Word. Alright, what's up? Come on, let's get right to it. I feel like that was The Wrongest intro in the world. Alright, great. We've had longer. Great. Great, great, great. Alright, come on. We got a new president. Come On. Look. Mark. Mark came in hot. Wrote it on the board. Big. That's all he wrote too. Yeah, that's all he wrote. Inauguration, Nelly, Ross, Snoop, and then Sat down. That's two more than 90% of this room for the record. Oh no, I'm just talking about the vigor in which you Yes.

(25m 58s):
Yeah. I, I write the shit that I think we might not, You know what I mean? Focus on today. I want to make sure we focused on it because we got a new president. It was, It is been a crazy week. It's been a crazy week. Yeah. I was frustrated with the weekend, but yesterday Donald Trump became president again. He's, he was 45 now he's 47. And he also had a real big day. He signed a bunch of stuff, signed a bunch of executive orders, changed the law, changed some laws, did some new shit. It was just a wild day. And I think Katz is getting ready for the next four years. That's it. Y'all excited? Yeah man, It is business as usual. Like I know the rich people excited. Yeah. I feel like you're holding back on us.

(26m 38s):
Yeah, I'm Trying not to say too much. I got thoughts, but Yeah, Man. Lead the way. None of us, we're not thought leaders. This your field. We don't have any thoughts about it. Did You watch the entire thing? Yeah, I I watched it. He was there. Y'all watch that shit. What was there? Yes. They watch it. Yeah. I really, no, I don even watch this. I hate Trump. But here's ratings. I didn I read the transcripts stack. I I was tied up, but I I thought it was exactly what You think it would be. Donald Trump came into office doing exactly what he said he was going to do and he signed executive orders to change laws or to change the reality on the ground. Just like he said he was. So he comes out swinging in his speech. You had Elon Musk doing what looked like a Hitler salute to me, but you know.

(27m 20s):
No, that's what it was. Yeah, It is what it looked like to me. He said he was throwing, I'm not gonna do it. No. Fuck that. He said he was throwing his heart out to people. But it, he said That was the worst way possible if that's what he was doing. That was crazy. He Was giving that, that was for Sure was definitely he grunted when he did it. He did. He made a noise. Yeah, he made a noise. I mean this shit. Yeah. His face changed. He was dead ass. I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt at first. Oh, why? Because I was like, who would be dumb enough to do a Nazi loo on day one? Fuck that. Hold on On a second. Dumb enough. Richest man. I in the world. Yeah. Yeah. He could do whatever the fuck he want. And Trump has basically made him more important than the vice president. And, and, and that's really, that's really a shame. But he signed laws to get us outta the climate deal. Meaning we're not gonna be dealing with, you know, environmental justice anymore.

(28m 1s):
He took us outta the World Health Organization, which takes us in a lot of weird ways. He declared, you know, genders, male and woman, ma male, female. There's only two or sexes. He said that there he got rid of, he made DEI basically illegal. He put the death penalty back on the table for federal crimes. I mean he just did a lot of the stuff that he's been talking about. He's, he called for an emergency at the border meeting. You can get arrested again. He got rid of, what do you call it? Catch and release. So now people who come across the border can be held, they can be detained, they can be separated from their families. I mean he did like 50 things. He also pardoned everybody from January 6th. All the rioters. Yep. Everybody, every single one of them. Every single one of them.

(28m 41s):
And so, and, and Joe Biden stepped in and was trying to preemptively do some stuff. So like he, he pardoned fauci. Yeah. And Fauci wasn't even charged with Nothing. Well he was, yeah. Preemptive. Yeah. Preem his whole family. They don't go after them. Pardon? Pardon? His whole family. His whole family. The January 6th commission. So it's just been a lot of moves in the last 24 hours. And I want people who said, look, I don't want Kaine. I'm past that. Right. Whatever you think, whatever you do, you do. But the pressure has to still be applied. Even if you think Trump was better than Kamala, you still gotta apply pressure to Trump because if you don't watch him the next four years is gonna be, if you don't watch any po politician, if you don't watch any president, you're gonna have problems. We gotta pay attention to what's going on. So everybody don't wait to the next presidential election. Pay attention now. Pay attention to everything that's happening.

(29m 22s):
'cause it's a lot of stuff. Well He said this was the last one. There'll be no more election. That's true. He's the last one. Yo. It's wild. It's wild. How are you guys feeling? Are y'all sad now? Why y'all all quiet and muting the face? I think all 'em niggas is crooks. And I think that again, I've said up here a million times, we can't really count on any politicians to save us. You gotta save yourself and you gotta do what's best for you and your family taking the information. I think now more than ever, we need to start reading and taking heat to some of the laws that are being passed and how they affect us and how we can move around. But I they all shit, like, I don't like the the pardons that Biden did.

(30m 5s):
I don't like the the the pardons that Trump did. I think it's just, again, two different wings on the same bird. They might have different lobbyists and different agendas, but I think they offer sell Like California's on fire right now and you got a president that's saying drill, baby drill. Like there's no relationship between fossil fuels and what's Happening and also removing us from the climate deal. Correct. That's in acknowledging, not acknowledging that climate change is directly indirectly related to what's happening in California. But he hates California anyways. He's like, y'all didn't vote for me. Fuck you. Burned to the ground. Exactly. There's, it's there's, he's expressed conditional relief being sent to them and I don't know what the condition is but the fact that there's a condition is he's petty petty as He might be the pettiest president we've ever seen.

(30m 52s):
He might be the pettiest person we've ever seen in public office. It is crazy Bad time for it. But I've been laughing at Golf off America still for three days S that shit Funny. That shit funny. No, I fuck with it. It may be a bad time to say it but that's Fucking golf. Didn't he put in a, a different name? An official name? I forgot the name of I find it but it ain't Gulf of America. Some other shit he changed it to but that shit is funny. Like I think that giving somebody like him power, It is scary. And then your man Elon, who seemingly don't give a fuck and not feel like I could do and say whatever I wanna do and say 'cause I'm rich is just a compounded thing and Racist.

(31m 32s):
Yeah. They don't even pretend not to be. Yeah. Like that Nowadays like the rich people just be like, so Right. What you gonna do? So Right. I don't give a fuck. So I watched them. What should we do as black people? Well I feel like black people protest really was to not tune in because it was held on MLK day. Yeah. Which was Right. Which sucks. I saw the pastor from Detroit. Oh that Lorenzo Seewell, that handkerchief hit man. Yeah man, Jesus. You know, kind of, I was laughing at him. Me too. He was quoting some of Dr. King's. He gave a whole speech.

(32m 12s):
Yeah, he was quo. And then he was doing a lot of theatrics and Trump was rushed right there smiling and laughing. Like just laughing at him. That's how I felt. I mean It is just, It Is Did you read the faces of everybody behind him? Say it again. Did you Read the faces? All The people behind him? Did I did, I did read the Faces, you know what I'm saying? Like that's that's a telltale. Yeah. Trump was smiling. Elon was just Shucking and joing Hand boating it. I mean it's just the, the next four years is about to be crazy and, and I feel like I I agree with you Ish. You don't get your shit in order, man, you in for a long ride and a long day. I just told, I wonder how I, I do have a question for you, mark. The executive order that, that he signed pertaining to the genders, what, what, how does that translate to the society?

(32m 55s):
What happens now? Basically rolled back all L-G-B-T-Q. Right At the federal level? Yeah. Okay. Because somebody's gender nonconforming or if some or someone is trans, they can say that if your bio, if your biology determines your, your gender, if your sex determines your gender, then it makes it harder to do, makes certain lawsuits, it makes it harder to have certain policies. They're going to lose that fight long term. There's a couple fights that, there's a couple things Trump did that aren't gonna work, but sometimes Trump does stuff not 'cause it's gonna work but because it makes his base excited. True. Got it. So if you, he could sign a bill tomorrow, like slavery's back in effect it ain't gonna work. But a whole bunch of people gonna be hyped and for him that's worth it. Got you. Yeah. So like this shit with the 14th amendment, I don't think it's gonna stick but Exactly.

(33m 37s):
Birthright Citizenship. The birthright citizenship shit. Which basically states that the mother and father could be illegals. But if your kids are born here, then they are American citizens. He denounced that shit and signed the bill. Abandon it. But I don't think it'll ever stick. But he tried It because they gonna fight all, a lot of your workers are gonna fight that Shit because he did say mass, mass deportation. And It is US Jersey. What's your block? Have a block Mass. Deportation starting Dead ass. It said Houston fucking Chicago Ish.

(34m 18s):
Hood Senior Ish. Ish. It said Hood. No, the crazy shit is that you pick certain countries, Right? Like that's the funny shit. Like and that's the racial piece. So fuck the Russians that come here illegally. Fuck the Serbians, fuck the Albanians fuck all of the, the, the Eastern European countries that come here and do mad crime and mad criminal shit. You only focused on the blacks and the South Americans and that be the gangster shit. When the people be talking about immigration, I be like, yo, suck my dick. 'cause y'all not y'all only talking about brown people and black people. Y'all not talking about immigration. He Did the same thing to refugees when he's not worried about refugees from Norway. Yeah. You don't care about the white refugees, you About Arabs. Yeah, that's it. And yeah, So He's moving.

(34m 60s):
So, so based on that, how, how does somebody like Snoop and I'm, I'm pulling out Snoop in particular because Of the video that he made what, like four years Ago? Four years? Like I don't expect that much from Rick Ross. No, no disrespect, but like he says, I'm about this bread, You know what I mean? I'm not even that mad at Nelly. 'cause after watching Nelly talk about it, it seemed like Nelly believes in the presidency and actually supported Trump. So It is not that much of a contradiction. But when I see Snoop stand up and say fuck Trump and I hear him stand up and say anybody that performs at the inauguration is a Coon. Sambo. Yeah A Sambo.

(35m 40s):
And then I see him Performing at the inauguration. But that wasn't the inauguration. It wasn the inauguration. Well it was the party the day before It was a crypto. It was a few days before thing, a crypto event a few days before. And Snoop is heavy into the crypto world. So that did line with his brand one, two. And I said this when we saw Chef g Sleepy Hollow, a lot of these dudes coming out for Trump, Kodak Black who had legal issues that he kinda worked away with. We did see Snoop a couple years ago thinking Trump for pardoning Harry, who was the original founder of Death Row Records, which Snoop now owns it could be dog a lot of that.

(36m 22s):
Once you get up to that level, a lot of that shit is transactional business. So you did me a favor over here. Now when y'all call back and say, yo, remember we did this for you, we need you to do this. A lot of niggas are gonna do that. I I think it's a little deeper than that. I think that in my, in my observation, not my opinion, but in my observation, motherfuckers was displeased with how Biden ran the last four years. True. And I think a lot of black men in particular made the transition from fuck Trump to I'm riding with him. I know niggas that did it. Like I've had arguments and conversations with a bunch of people that was off Trump by and gave us four years of shit that people couldn't necessarily see tangible benefits of anything that the administration did.

(37m 8s):
And so they, they on a Trump train. Let me ask you a question. I pose this question on Twitter and I'm gonna ask it here to y'all. If you knew that popping out for Trump could get you or somebody close to you released pardoned, would you do it? It depends for me. What does it depend on? Am I fly with the nigga in jail? Yeah, Like one of your your close, one of your peoples. But did he do it? Don't matter. No, it Does matter how much time he have. That does matter. It is, It is Answer. He's In it for life. He got kids. Yeah. Yes.

(37m 48s):
Do I like those kids? No. No. Us It depends man. I'm, I'm Talking shit. But I don't know. My answer to that is, I don't Know. And that, that's a, that's, I think that's most people's real answer is I don't know. But I watch a lot of people, soon as you see somebody stand up there, it's like, how dare you? How dare you, how dare you Not really knowing why they did it. There's a lot of people that jumped out for Trump. I named a couple who we know had Wayne. When Wayne stood next to Trump, everybody was like, yo, how dare you, how dare you. Even though Wayne does appear to be tone deaf at times in certain situations. But Wayne was facing 10 years, got that part and it didn't have to go to prison. If I'm looking at 10 years, if a lot of people are looking at 10 years and he say, yo, come take this picture.

(38m 30s):
Come stand next to me, you don't do them 10 years. A lot of people is gonna do that. That's nigga I'm doing it. I'm telling You right now, if I'm looking at fuck 10, if I'm looking at 10 months, I'm looking at 10 minutes. Right. I would be on that stage a minute. That's different. This is loaded a little bit. This is loaded a little bit because I don't think all you niggas out there, the jail heads and the people with ties to the jail heads should just be predominantly speaking for how black people rights, how black people supposed to feel about this. We we could recognize they're not, They so Preservable we could recognize that Oh y'all doing some transactional shit and judge you and judge you based on that. Because I was about To say that, that sets us back eons.

(39m 12s):
And and I'm shocked that you said that because you speak for progression. So if everybody got a price and all we gotta do is either give you some money or show you a a, a thing where you going to benefit and we got you in pocket, nothing changes. Yes And no. Let me just add on to that. Nothing changes And that, that was my problem way back when homeboy was talk, talking about, yeah, I went to jail and my mugshot t-shirt is what is relating to and raising my vote amongst blacks. It's like okay, maybe but we have a problem with you viewing. Well we already think you were bigot and a racist and all this shit and now you keep correlating these jail and low life three-fifths of a man type views to all and all ain't rocking with that.

(39m 59s):
But no, but then when you hear people up here, like a platform like us, no disrespecting nobody. But when you hear all of us that are in a a decent position, all of us are educated people and we say, yo, I would've did the same shit. It it lends credence to everything that he's saying. Like, all I gotta do, everybody, everybody has a number and can be boxed. Not just that, but a lot people. So would the principal thing for me to be just sit in prison for 10 years? No, what I'm saying, I'm, I'm not And People genuinely feel that Way. I'm not just nigga, a lot of people will talk. But being put in that position, you act totally differently with a lot of shit. It go, we, we had a snitch and talk all the time. I'm not disagreeing. Niggas will say what they won't do won't do, won't. I'm saying And there's a Good, not saying Y'all would and that shit just be podcast talk. Listen, I don't want us to speak from this type of like New York privilege.

(40m 41s):
I see what a $9 congestive pricing tag to the did to the community. I was in the city yesterday. So Yeah. So if if there's people that are like, you know what, fuck Trump, Fuck that administration, Elon Musk and all of that. However, I'm a buckle up. Get low and try to get as much coin as I can in the next four years. Like there's people that, that don't have a political horse in the race. Yes he do. That ain't really deep thinking as deeply about this. That's just like, alright, I see what shit. You see anything that could spike is spiking. Like Damn, you See that Trump coin shit, he, The Trump coin, the other coin, the hawk tour coin.

(41m 23s):
That's a joke. A joke, a joke. That little bitch still on the run. She ain't ho to it since She done, yeah, She tied it. But I'm just saying It is some people that's like, all right, I'm gonna Try to, to get all the money I can. I'm not mad regulation shit going on. My thing is this, like if if if we really, if we really, Nelly coulda went and did another, another show though. If we really say we want change, right? As a people we really, really want change, then if we really want change, we gotta stop being for sale. Like we talking about the colonization. I agree, but we talking about all the shit. But the second that somebody gives us something that's beneficial or something that we, we we, We bite, We take it and we run. So do we really want change?

(42m 2s):
Yeah, but I, I think there's a difference be between money and, and trying to avoid prison. But for me the issue is transaction. Yeah. But I, I don't, I'm not, I'm not taking issue with transactional behavior in general. It's like what's the transaction? So when it comes to, for example, Wayne, I'm not mad that Wayne ducked 10 years. Wayne stood on that Trump side pre going to jail. But, but Let's say he didn't, let's say he decided on that day that I don't wanna do 10 years, so I'm gonna stay here look like a hostage with my thumb up standing next to Trump like he did. Right. I'm cool with that. But the difference is we are able to talk about the fact of why Wayne did it. I don't have an issue with Snoop saying, look, he got Harry.

(42m 44s):
Oh I, I don't think that's a good enough reason, but if I did then he owes it to us to tell us that's what he did. It's very clear. No one doubts why Wayne did it. So my issue is Nelly changed his mind. Or I'm sorry, Nelly has an opinion about Trump. I saw the whole Nelly interview with shout out to Willie D. Willie d Yeah, Willie DI love his shit. That's my man. And he said it very clearly. It is like, fuck Biden. I don't, I I I don't have an issue with Trump. I support Trump basically. So, and I respect the presidency, I respect his office. So if you feel like that, I disagree with him, but it's not unprincipled for him to perform at the inauguration. My only issue is don't tell everybody it's fucked up to do X and then you do X and then you just pretend it didn't happen.

(43m 25s):
You got, you got, you got some explaining to do because we follow you. Just like if tomorrow I stood up for Trump And I said, well yeah, he got my cousin outta prison who was doing life. I'm gonna tell you that's why. That's what I'm, I'm saying just, just tell me why. Otherwise it looks like you sold out. You know what I mean? As opposed to you made the strategic decision. 'cause ultimately Lil Wayne or Kodak Black or or whoever shouldn't be swaying elections who they vote for shouldn't matter for us anyway. What if some Of these performance agreements come with a, a little paperwork that you gotta sign. Yeah. You can't talk. That's interesting. Not just that. Why does Snoop owe That's a good point. Owe an explanation. Well he just said Because he told us not to. If he hadn't said shit, then he don't owe me nothing. But you can't stand on a public platform and say I don't wanna see none of y'all niggas at inauguration.

(44m 7s):
I don't wanna see none of y'all. Yes. Master you a you a coon if you support him and then the next week you do it, Then you do it. Can ain't do it the next week. You Did it four years later But there was no explanation Then tell me that. You know, I think He got to I think that's, but I think that's the problem though Mark. I think the problem is that people are looking to figures for, for the answer or dis sway them. You have to think for yourself. I don't think that, I think that that is, if he made that decision, you can change your mind. Things happen in in real time that makes you change your mind then tell me that. But I don't think or don't tell me shit from the beginning. That's what I'm saying. I think we have too much expectations of of of celebrities and public figure. Yeah. You cant's too much Expectations. Like today we could come up here or It is seven, eight people up here and we can say, yo we feel X and in four years we could say we feel y.

(44m 55s):
So we felt strongly in 2025 about something and then in 2029 we could feel a totally different way. But you see the difference in your example. First I said this and then four years I said that my issue would be if you said this and then four years later I found out that you did that without saying anything. Gotcha. Once you start talking and you of a public, I'm saying you owe it to the people who follow you to be responsible and tell them something different. Don't let me sit up here and say fuck Donald Trump. Fuck Donald Trump every week on the Joe Biden podcast. And then they check my voting records in four years and they found out I voted for him. I owe y'all something. Yeah. But that was happening And it's fucked up A whole lot of happening. Yo listen, I'm gonna give you an example with me. Like I know I make a lot of the migrant jokes up here and stuff like that, but in initially some of my family from Haiti, you know, extended family benefited off of that.

(45m 42s):
Right? And then now when everything is plastered on the television, it sways you. Oh that happened. Or they setting people on fire or they doing this and you going into the city and there's just a lot of shit that can change your mind in real time. So then when Trump comes out out of respect for my mom, I don't really speak about politics but when Trump comes out and say yo things can go back to how they were When when I get back, you know, when I get in office it can sway you. Okay. It can, it can sway your Opinion. Yeah. I think it's in real time. I think it's possible. And I don't know shit about shit. I think it's possible that Snoop may, may be in rooms today that weren't accessible to him four years ago. I think with the taxes going up and up and and up.

(46m 27s):
I think niggas is out here again getting to whatever bag they can. Snoop plays political for the most part, but you see him on on Ponies at the shit. You see him at F1, you Wimbledon, You see Snoop is The biggest rapper. Snoop today was The Shaquille O'Neal of rap. Yes. So that crypto ball, you know what crypto is doing? You know they paying 100 x what you would typically get. I'm just saying you asking a lot of people Just go on your Instagram. On Instagram. You know what, I'm here No because of blah blah blah blah blah. I don know I don't So you cutting off a good portion. Yo Snoop Snoop's fan base today. It might be more them than us today.

(47m 8s):
So then what, so then what, so then what is, what's the harm in saying yo I'm out here to crypto ball 'cause I support crypto but it still, I'm nonpolitical, I'm just here to support What's The harm in not saying it's nothing that y'all opinions is going to do to alter where I'm at or what I'm doing exactly. Or who I'm Talking to because you, because you jumped out the window already. You are four years ago. Yes. It Changed Nigga follow You. Right. So if it changed, tell me or don't say say shit begin. Well look people, people you said people follow you and I got a lot of new people that follow me. Maybe from the other side. I think he deserve the right to do whatever he want. And I think people deserve the right to view him a certain way afterward if that's what they want to do. Facts. It don't always need to be a conversation. Sometimes people tell you things through their actions.

(47m 48s):
His actions look like he'd do anything for a bag. That's how people are Reading it. And he just might and he might. And that's, Yo let me tell you something. In the next four years you going, we gonna be calling a lot more people. Sellouts. This is the tip of the iceberg. Y'all want to talk about Snoop Nelly and fucking Soldier Boy. This is gonna be a repeated continuous thing where people are making decisions that It is gonna look a little away with the optic, but they got a bag that's monetary game once in a lifetime and it'll never happen like this again. Listen Man, people doing what they gotta do for them. I mean yes we reserve the right to say something about it, judge 'em if you want, but at the end of the day they making that decision.

(48m 29s):
Like you said, yo, I might not never see this bag again. I'm gonna take it. Lemme ask you a question. Some people are gonna take that bag. Joe, Lemme ask you a question. You, you talk about being independent, heavy and old business, et cetera. If tomorrow you decided to sign a big contract with Spotify or tomorrow you decided to sign a big deal with Def Jam, everybody who watches you is gonna be like, what the fuck is he doing? You wouldn't feel a an obligation to tell the audience why you made that choice? I'm not talking about the choice I'm talking about. I think he what? I think he what I want to answer that. Honestly I don't think he would at all. I do. I'm on both sides of that. I'm on, I think it's 50 50. I'm on, I don't feel like I have to divulge my business dealings with my audience or your Reasoning Or, and, and two I think naturally who I am.

(49m 17s):
Yeah. That would come outta me. Pause. Gotcha. That's his makeup. That that's The makeup of how, how I wouldn't be, I wouldn't, I wouldn't say to myself, Hey I have to do this because my fans are old, yada yada yada. I would just do that instinctually. 'cause that's kind of what I do. And You built your brand on somewhat transparent. Yeah. Transparency. Yeah. Gotcha. Yo, listen, it It is, It is a, It is a really slippery slope. Like one of my dudes from Baltimore, I kind of met him through the pod. Oh okay. He, he, he runs a nonprofit in Baltimore. Real positive black dude. Dope. He hit me. He said yo, I'm having mixed feelings. He said yo, he bought some of the Trump coin.

(49m 58s):
He said he was in class on Saturday and one of the dudes in his class started crying and he said he looking at the nigga like he crazy. Like yo, you all right? He said the dude showed him his phone. He was up $307,000. Right. Oh wow. And one day he said, yo, that's when the shit was at $7. He said Ish. I took my last 23 grand and I bought that shit. He said, yo, by the night he was up 80 grand in profit. He said yo, he's having mixed feelings because it's called Trump coin. I said, nigga are you fucking stupid? You better get that money. So I don't give a fuck if Trump was the incentive on getting the money, as long as you ain't giving it back to Trump type agendas. If that's your stance, get that money, that shit Alright, that's it.

(50m 38s):
Hawk to a girl, give me a call Word deadass, call me up Hawk to a that shit. Let's talk about things Saturday night. That shit was in the twenties nigga Sunday. That shit shot the S Mark. You ain't getting no Trump queen? No man, I Ain't getting nothing either, but I Would. But y'all standing on principle Not getting it Princip. It is not a principle. No. Hell no. I was trying to get it, I just couldn't get this shit. I just couldn't get extra Ice. Called me Saturday now yo you are this shit, yo, I could get y'all to Trump Air Force ones. Nah, I mother Coin Trump Can't get By the way, why y why y'all can't get it? It was, it was hard To, because they not like that One. It was kind of hard to get. And then two, it was unbeknown to most people. I didn know This spot get the Trump, the Trump coin and Ish, no the hookup on the Trump coin wants serve the ice.

(51m 22s):
Ice is the first person that told me about Trump Coen. Gee, he stay looking out for you after I didn't know nothing about it After you left and like that all. Wow. Can I add one more layer to this real quick? Chris? Michelle make sure you come back to this call. I'm sorry, go ahead. No, go ahead. I was gonna say Chris at Michelle, that's the only thing I, the other thing I hate about all of this is that she got roasted, roasted for years ago. Roasted? No her she, she got kicked off her label, Her career was demolished her. Her career is over. Yeah. And because she performed that inauguration, I mean she literally got dropped from her label. People mock her, she can't get money and I don't think one thing is gonna happen to Snoop Ross, Nelly or Soldier. I'm not saying it should. I'm saying I wish Chrisette Michelle would've gotten the same Grace. Grace as everybody else. I think a, I think a lot has changed.

(52m 4s):
Yes. Since that inauguration and this inauguration bro. Bro. Also, Chris Said Michelle doesn't have 30 years of hits and she, yeah, with all due Respect to Chris, I wasn't trying to Y'all y'all doing, y'all doing it. What? I know y'all, you doing that Shit again. That mumbling shit. What? Because I see, I've seen the internet been saying that with the old Chrisette Michelle thing, keep the Same energy for you know, that you had for Chris. Chris and Michelle Chrisette. Michelle with all due respect, I think we were label mates at, at one point an that one of the most angelic voices out there. Yes. This is not to speak to her talent, her career was over before she made that statement. She Was canceled way before that. Her Career was, was done before that statement, before that performance was done.

(52m 46s):
Wait, career Being over and canceled are two different things. Why do you say canceled before that? I'm just saying, I'm just saying the same shit. He's saying what I'm saying the same. Her Career, she Canceled her hit, her Career was done Beyonce shit and all that shit. I'm saying before that, before they called themselves canceling her, she Was Already, it Was, but she could still make a, Before the most part Kaputz. But she could still make a living, You know what I mean? She could be on the chitlin circuit, she Could don't step on Kaputz Because You Kaputz because it's a thing. So it's kaput. Yeah. I'm sure there was some added, added to that afterward. But I didn. I just don't think it's a fair comp to, it's Not, I think if any No, I think It is a fair comp. I don about how, I'm talking about how we're talking about her not, not The impact dog.

(53m 26s):
If this was four years ago and Nelly Ross and Snoop did that inauguration, I think they faced the same level of shit. You think they be, you think they got kicked off the label? No, but no. Snoop owns the label. Yeah, but I think they would've gotten the same scrutiny. I don't think Nelly's on the label. That's what I'm saying. Them niggas would've gotten mad scrutiny today. People feel differently about Donald Trump than they did four years ago. That's what we not acknowledging. And I think them niggas still caught heat. I think they caught some heat. They Did. They caught a little heat. They caught a little, not, not nothing damaging Four years to call them niggas would've been in the oven. Yeah. I, I don't think so. Yo, there's no such thing as a oven now when the, they put them, them five, four white people in the picture and it added up to a mega gazillion trillion dollar.

(54m 9s):
There is no Nigga I post When the relationships that y'all keep telling and not y'all 'cause I'm down with it, but that we keep telling people to distance themselves from, are the ones that is going, that's are going to continue to get these people more paid than they've ever been. That's true. So they're willing to stand on the front line with however you poor people feel. I I just posted an article the other day. I read some shit. They said the four 40 richest white people in America have more money. 400, pardon me, 400 richest white people in America have more wealth than every black person in the entire country put together.

(54m 50s):
400 motherfuckers have more money than 41 million people. That's crazy. Like dog. What we talking about? Yes. So our little we shall over. That shit ain't going nowhere nigga Careful. They had like a 300 year head start. They no, the 500 year really? If weren't wanna Keep it a buck And everybody got their reparations except for Yeah, Black. And then they said yo, everybody got paid the top 1000 Their hand. It was a lot going on. No, they gave out Mr. Land. They gave land. Yeah. There was a lot going on. I know. Talking about as as to why we are in the deficit truth. So, and then and they said the top 1000 white people have more cumulative wealth than every Hispanic person and black person put together in the entire country.

(55m 37s):
My nigga. It's a different game being played. It's a totally different game being played. So we could look at them niggas, they look at us like ants to be totally honest with you. Now you walking down the street, you step on the ant. We don't think nothing of it. I don't do that But I don't, don't Do that. I don't do that at all. I'm prolife Me too bugs And insects. I put the mice outside. If I catch one, I don't kill 'em. You my son, when you started doing this that nigga you are lying. I'm not lying. You knew I was like that. You heard my melody read about my life in the papers Anyway. But yo dog, they look at us just like that how we look at deer or some shit, you know what I'm saying? Niggas that just killed a deer like it's nothing. That's how they look at It is like collateral damage.

(56m 17s):
Oh. 5,000 people. Oh okay. Yep. Like it ain't about nothing. If it's gonna mean me getting some more Spanky. So again, I just think Mark, everybody wouldn't have made the, the the bold choice that you made with your last gig and how they all at all, everybody wouldn't have made that choice at all. It is only you and Amanda And I don't, I don't ever expect anybody to make the choice that I make. All I tell people. But again, if I was to stand up tomorrow and say the opposite of what I said that day, I think I owe some, I got some people to, I got some explaining to do. That's all. That's all. That's my only thing is just be consistent. You can either not say shit or you could say something and and stand on it. Y'all being too serious for me today. Only you. Only you and Amanda Seals and y'all just kept up.

(57m 1s):
She might have, She might have said Some shit I didn ain't know about. That's my girl. She texted me last time we was talking bad about her beer. Well she said in the text, I'm gonna fuck ice up some shit. Reading me. Oh man that's somebody I've known for so long. I would think that. Well I might be lying. She definitely text me. I don't wanna quote the text but I'll get another text Too late. You already are. Ah fine. Nah, I love Amanda. I love Amanda. That's my, that's my sister. But listen, Nelly told y'all Bill Gates Donald Trump let me in. He told y'all That? Yeah, he wasn't unclear. He told y'all That in oh one and now y'all sitting here 24 years later. I forgot he said Donald Trump. Yeah, well go all them rappers was we trump dick back then. Everybody why y'all letting facts, y'all Celebrity apprentice nigga Who he was.

(57m 45s):
That's y'all to be letting rappers dictate your fucking Yeah. Whatever yo nigga is. You was watching Celebrity Apprentice. Who you Nah, I watch your, I don watch a regular apprentice. He want go on one of 'em celebrity realtor shows. No I don't. Yes you do. I'm Far from you do. It is small Berry. You be lit on that shit. Lick at his lips at the house. Hey, Thank you Sharon. Thank you for having me. Yo, look at the stupid nigga face. You were trying to Compliment the women. You so giving them nicknames in real time. Yo, you a good talker Sharon. MEChA. What'd y'all think about the the TikTok shit? I think that they're pulling a move.

(58m 25s):
The move was pulled already. Oh yeah. Yo, everything for the next four years. It just Advertise move For sure Is a move. Are we gonna stop? Are we gonna stop and have the day pulling the move talk every time a move happened? I made this analogy the other day. This is like this, that bump shit Corey and his man did. We was playing, was playing spades in Costa Rica. When you don't win you can't change the deck. True. So now the cards is all stuck together but they keep going your way and the fucking losers just gotta sit there and play with the nasty deck with no no spades coming your way for the next four hours. That's what the next four years is. It is gonna be, Yeah.

(59m 5s):
A whole lot. Stay low. Mind your business Plan. Get healthy, read, get educated, save stack Love on your people. Talk to your people. Communicate with your people Or that's real. Pretty Much. Yeah. Get you. This is what big mama used to fucking write some shit on the fridge that you had to read every time you open the fridge. Yeah. Nigga go get healthy. Go get right. Watch the meat. Watch the mediums of which you consume things. I've been saying for a while. Some of that shit is there intentionally and that little Nazi shit just drove that point home for me.

(59m 46s):
Yeah. I was like, oh exactly. Bitch, That's pretty slick move. Shitting all media and raising questions about everything we read rightfully so. Maybe, maybe not. Only then to get the entire social media behind you and it's even more fucking disinformation out there. That's that's a fucking play a long play. The long, long play. These niggas control the your your, your good services, your food, your water. I mean y'all talking my protesting man. She getting real. Hey, better fast. Better fast. Voluntarily. Yeah.

(1h 0m 25s):
Ramadan. Ramadan niggas are How you fasting involuntarily? Nah, you starving out this bitch. I'm telling you dog. Yeah. Get back to one meal every two and three days. Shit. They about to start putting shit in the air. Yeah. Yeah. About to start. They already Was doing that. No comment. I mean I don't wanna get sued. Yeah, try. I'm just saying whatever trick you could think of it's being played is already being played. Stave your tweet Shit. Real. They making money off that too. Facts. Yeah. You niggas is on X. Protesting. Protesting. Seriously protesting you all. I came in here and asked y'all a few months ago. What y'all, what's funny?

(1h 1m 5s):
What y'all think of these fucking Tesla truck owners? I've been egging them shits all week. Don't come around me with one of them little Tesla lunchboxes dog. I'm letting you know I'm egging that shit. And you, I better hope I don't got a wire hanger on me but times have changed. I don't What you wanna do The wire hang what? Breaking it or scratch it? Everything Man, that shit, Shit. I don, they got cameras outside that shit. You know that. I wouldn't give a fuck what's outside Dude, they got masks. I I can see Joe right now nigga. I got masks. Dig. Go Joe again. There you go. Egg and cyber trucks is funny. It is. Yeah. Egging anything is funny.

(1h 1m 46s):
It is. And booing at plates is is funny too. It is. Are you a Boer sometimes? No. You are a Boer. I get not Joe. I don't think Joe respects the, the craft and art too much to boo someone. Nah sometimes that's why you boo. Really? Yeah. 'cause you respect the craft and art so much. I love Boo. What you up there doing Like boo? Somebody wear Joe. You don't boo Joe. Stop it. I absolutely Love show something You boo niggas. If it's called for Booing, somebody at the show is crazy. That's what I'm saying. You don't get that type Y Y'all wouldn't boo the show? No, no, no. Nigga nice. Maybe a comedian. Did I Pay? So then yes I was thinking music when I said no but I'm thinking it through. Maybe a comedian, maybe The Sixers.

(1h 2m 25s):
Yeah. I never boo You don't boo the opponents. You ain't boo at all during attending this Booed opponent? Nah, not really. Nah, I don trying to win season bullshit. The last only time I booed the game was Ben Simmons. So you're down with us. Why you keep y'all do this word soup? Shit. Y'all just agree with us. You would boo somewhere. I'm only talking about music. I don't boo. 'cause because I was about the craft and the art. I couldn't boo somebody 'cause they didn't play well or sing well. What If someone, If somebody dis disrespected the craft of, of performing and showman shit, then I'm booing them Did some foul shit. Like Yo and, and during the Jada and Beans beef, if you was at a show and Jada did this in Philly, would you boo.

(1h 3m 7s):
Ooh that's good. Uhoh. We got Em. Yeah, you got me? Yeah, we got, yeah you got me. You would boo I I would You was Waiting in a, in an arena for three hours before a act came out and they came out and did two songs and bounce. You wouldn't boo boo It. Lau Hill did something to me like that basically. Oh, I know that's What you and I didn't boo I wasn't happy but I didn't boo that was like, like I know She's the poster child for that but rappers are good for that. Yeah, her shit was egregious but I mean it was really Bad. Rappers are good for at least there was space in there. Y'all had elbow room taboo at that Lauren shoot when y'all was waiting the rap, the rappers should be 400 cap. Now you sitting waiting in sobs for two and a half hours and and he right downstairs.

(1h 3m 48s):
He, he ain't even outside home on it way. Yeah, no, it get bad. I'm, I'm booing if I pay my dollar, I reserve the right to boo and if I'm bad and up there fucking up shit then can go ahead and boo. That's Real. Or if you curse out the opening acts or you better come on the chain. Shits Just telling you in. Yeah, I was wild. Yeah, I was wild. A few cities I went up there and just said some shit I shouldn't have said facts Growth. Yeah. But I also caught an my, an active polyp in the middle of 15,000 people in Virginia in one of them omni theaters Like dead in the middle of a song.

(1h 4m 30s):
Completely no voice. I was still on the first verse. How did the audience react? Did they boo you? No, they didn't boo me good. I think I was just in a state of shock and not knowing what was going on. But if they would've chose to boo me is what I'm saying, then you'd understood get your shit off. You can't lose your voice while I'm singing along to your song. I'm not doing it ain't karaoke time nigga. It is cruel man. If a nigga lost his voice, I ain't boo a nigga don't wanna lose his voice. Nigga. If I paid and got a fit and all of that shit and up in here and now you up here for 10 seconds and you lost your first off, I don't believe you lost your voice. Mm. That's one. I don't even believe that. I think that's some rapper bullshit. You pulling to get up outta here and run off with the money.

(1h 5m 12s):
I'm boom which is and we might line you up trying to Do okay I ain't gonna hold you. The last two weeks Burner Boy has been walking off stage for whatever and it's been the funniest thing in the world. Yeah. Now some of them have been fundraisers, some of them have been, Hey I wasn't even paid. This is some volunteer shit. But I'm still in, in the spirit of getting a joke off somebody I guess. And he had an incident with somebody ran on stage. He kicked so, so a few weeks ago somebody ran on stage again. The security got to him, they got him outta there and Burn boy was like, you know what, nah I'm outta here now I'm outta here. And that one was understandable the other day. He said, yo, these lights is too hot on me.

(1h 5m 52s):
That's the fifth time the lights have burned me. And if it happens again I'm leaving. I think that that's hilarious. I also think if they decide to boo his ass then they will within they Right Y'all. Because don't talk to me like that at the show. Y'all Just a tough crowd man. Y'all a tough crowd. You're from Philly, From Philadelphia. We, we respect y'all. Boo Santa Claus. Y'all still bringing that shit up. That shit was like 40 years ago. It happened at the fucking game. We threw Allstar threw one set of batteries and they were D batteries. But he deserve They were D's. Yeah. Those are heavy. Yeah. Mel who just has a battery accessible to throw at a sporting event.

(1h 6m 32s):
Lemme tell you so. But you just got dressed and put 'em in your pocket. Honestly, there's a lot of blue collar workers in Philly. The have flashlights. Yes. Brought the batteries. I could See that it was for JD Drew 'cause he, he got drafted and didn't play for us. I actually thought we were wrong for that. Throwing D batteries at somebody 'cause they didn't sign with your team as a free agent. Fuck you hit him. No. No. Thank God because I could have killed him.

(1h 6m 51s):
Okay. It's time for my favorite Part Of the Show. Prize. Prize. Alright. It is playoff time so it's now or never. Don't miss out on the best place to win real cash while watching the playoffs. And you can now win up to 1000 times your money only on PrizePicks. PrizePicks also now offers MasterCard for quick and easy deposits. I know there's a lot of people that were sick to their stomach this weekend. I know there's a lot, lot of people that were sad, hurt, angry and disappointed this weekend as some of the results gangbusters for that Lions game. Oh God. Congratulations to the commanders for Sure. Thousand percent. Jay Daniels Specifically Jayden Daniels went off. Terry. Terry Mcclar. Scary Terry. No, that's Jason Terry. That's you. McClure Mcclar. Yeah. He goes I, I'm, I'm picking him again actually right now. Gimme McClarin for more than 70 receiving yards. He might do that in a play. Gimme Jayden. I'm taking him for more than 'cause on the low quietest cap. I think I'm going commanders. I'm really definitely going. I've been going commanders from the beginning of the season Commanders. I rooted for them against the Bucks. I'm rooting for 'em but I don't know. Shit. I wasn't mad at them against the Lions that feel. The team is stacked. They ain't, they haven't looked the greatest to me. They look like they could be had in Kansas City. It looks like they could be had, depending on what the refs had for breakfast that morning. Well You know what they had for breakfast? Ches, CHES. And I think I've seen the Kelsey Brothers on the Wheatie box. For real? Yeah. Oh yeah. You taking the commanders To go to the Super Bowl? I am. Yeah I am. Okay. I know it don't sound sexy and it don't sound like something that Roger Goodell would sounds like hate. No, not for Me. Oh, not for me. It is not about the Eagles to me It's personal for me. Personal. Oh right. My cousin is Over there. Hold on Coach. So I give you that And gimme Sayquan for more than 70 Rush yards. Quarters. He And gimme Josh Allen. Hmm. Does Josh Allen wanna pass James Cook the football this week? Hmm. Nah. Gimme Josh Allen for, he should step up after that last week he only had like 160 yards. Something something. It's snowing on the ground like crazy. Don't worry about it. Gonna be cold. And Casey, Gimme Josh Allen for more than 200 passing yards And they got the free play now for Jayden Ds. So we lit, Download the app today and use promo code JB P to give $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat, download the app today and use promo code JBP and you get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.

(1h 9m 46s):
Huh? With that said, I want to go back to that TikTok band. I know, I know. We maybe started talking about that but, and I'm not shitting on nobody that was actually going through, going through like real emotional, emotional stress and pain. 'cause a lot of people was going through it. They was fucked up. I think I was with Imani at the time and he was pulling out the phone like, oh my god, cap cut. Not cap cut. I was like, yo, he's such a dwe Out to eat. Not my cap cut. But yeah, a lot of people were going through it with the TikTok band. It came back the next Oh for sure. It came back the next day. So I don't really have much to say about that. But what I do want say is it did gimme a bright idea and think that we should all kind of just lose wifi for a week.

(1h 10m 33s):
Mandatory every month. Hmm. That would be great. Just To see. Couldn't do it. What most people can't do it to see how we use. Most people can't do it. Your phone is so connected to your day-to-day life. Yep. That most people can't do it. Not only that, there's certain people that's running their entire business off. They phone, all of wifi, all of that. Like this shit is different. They got you. Well then they could use business wifi. They could get some type of business pass to use. Like Use the hard wire shit. Same Way he said Wifi. He didn't say ethernet. You still dial, You plug. Ah. Plug ethernet cord. I think everybody should get a little break. A little go get yourself. Right. Spend time with yourself. Your thoughts. Well I saw all four of them.

(1h 11m 13s):
Five of them dudes standing behind Trump the other day. And I promise you that is never going to happen. Yeah Bro. The place is all lined out. Like even at the, the TikTok band, the real band is still in effect. Well how you saw. Yeah, You can't, like right now, if you go to the app store and try to download TikTok, you can't. That was the, they, it was never the band on the service. That whole message that popped up on the screen and them going dark for 12 hours or so. I think that was literally a deal they worked out with Trump. Oh For sure. For Sure. You can tell his name. Yeah. This and you think that make him look good. But the real band, It is just like some of these other apps, once they get banned out the store, if you have it on your phone, you straight.

(1h 11m 54s):
That's like the people that went and deleted the app when they thought, oh shit, TikTok is banned. It is over. They can't now get the app back. That's crazy. That was the real, i I we, we spoke about this on the Patreon episode. I was explaining how the, where their banning is really gonna work at. That's it. Yeah. That's why you can't go get cap cut now. That's why you can't go get it. It is like seven or eight apps that was under by dance. You can't get 'em. Ironically Instagram has just announced that they're coming out with an app called Edits Editor, which does exactly what Cap cut does. Which is what I'm slow. It's just for you to edit your videos. It's a video editing tool. Oh Yeah. On niggas they still get fly.

(1h 12m 34s):
Yeah, It does like cool transitions and shit like that. Don't even pretend to. Yeah. But yeah, that's, that's they just playing games in front of everybody face. Yeah. The message that popped up on my phone was, sorry, TikTok isn't available right now. A law banning TikTok has been enacted in the us Unfortunately that means you can't use TikTok right now. We are fortunate that President Trump has indicated that he will work with us on the solution to reinstate TikTok once he takes office. Please stay tuned. That's exclamation fucking point. And then before he took office, it was already back up and burner. It was. Yeah. How many of y'all here use TikTok? I have, but I'm just not. And I need to start committed.

(1h 13m 15s):
Oh Yeah. Post every once in a while. Yeah. It's not my favorite app. Only time I see TikTok is if somebody send me one and you click it and it takes you to the, that's why I got it. My girl sends me TikTok so I use it for when she sends me. Yeah. Yeah. That's, I got, I got like eight posts on TikTok. I never use it. It is not interesting to me. And it's not for my audience. We all just wash, we all facts. Damn. We all this shit because they live on that shit. My kids live on. Like I, I've had people tell me I would, they TikTok, they, they don't even Google. Like Google is old. Like, you know how we, anything we wanna look up, you Google it, they TikTok it. That's, they get their results and they answers and shit right there. What app or what social. Yeah. What app did you guys become addicted to initially when it came out? Was it Instagram? Mm Was it Twitter?

(1h 13m 55s):
It was Twitter for me. Twitter for you. It Was addiction part. It Was wasn't an app though, right? When you became Twitter, Twitter's an app. It was an app. No, it's an app now, but not the time that 10 ago. It was always an app. It was No, no, no. It was text code first to Call. Know what I'm talking about initially. And then it became an app. Yes. Yes. Exactly. Yeah. So you became addicted since then? Nah, I was the app. But when I was, I got addicted with the app in oh nine. I was addicted to Facebook though. When that shit came out. Me too. That was my shit. Somebody was like, oh my god, how will I know where to go eat? And somebody was like, no, you'll go cook. They was like, yeah, but how will I know what to cook? Crazy son. That's, I understand the impact that T TikTok has.

(1h 14m 37s):
So I feel, I felt for them for the 12 hours. But it was a nice little break. It was a nice little break. Yeah. Come over here. Yeah. Get over here like a whole new influx of people shaking ass on Instagram. Hey, hey. It was new reels. One lady was making fresh meat. One lady said she makes 30,000 a month and she was in the car crying. I, I felt kind of bad for her. Oh, I feel bad for her. Yeah. I have Been in the car crying too. See I Make 30,000. I don, I don't know. I might Have. That's what we do though. What does she do on there? Nah, niggas make Millions of dollars on TikTok. I have no idea what she do. But That amount of money I'm moving, We gotta save our man. That's why when Mel Y'all ban, y'all ban it. Okay. I'm getting where it still works, Shit. Yeah. Mm. You gotta start saving.

(1h 15m 17s):
That's all I took from me. Like, you gotta save for rainy days. Yo. People gotta make, Everybody ain't in the position. That nigga shit is high as fuck out Here. But when niggas make 30, they spending 27. Oh no, You right. 28, You right. Yeah. I made 30 a month letting the meal get a new, like It is just shit that we do. Put some shit away, man. That's what I've been learning. Put it away. There you go. I didn't know how much people was like, I was on a, a spaces, my wife was outta the country, so I, I had a little more free time. Time Your Hands. Yeah. Hell, one time my hands and I went, I went, I went in a couple spaces with, with with with you and Amani and Joe. You know, there was, it might have been like two in the morning or something. I was just doing research, you know, to understand the app better. That's true. Yeah. And so I started clicking on some of the profiles that was in, in the audience.

(1h 15m 59s):
In the audience to understand the fan base better. It's called Demographic research. And what did you learn? That a whole lot of them make a whole lot of money. Only fans. Yeah. So those are The ones you was quick on. They had the Only fans. Well they, they gravitate, they were the more vo they were the vocal ones Fool. The algorithm? No, the algorithm. They were vocal. No, because he Right, because I, I don't follow them. But the vocal on TikTok late at night. The algorithm bring them to you? No, we told he's on Twitter though. Twitter. That's what I'm talking about. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. No, they was talking to, yeah. And I just bring them up. I go to their page first and say, oh, she's okay. Come up. Like that's how I do it. And flux them and I do the research on the people he brought up. Yeah. So, So y'all had the one two thing going? Yeah, I wasn't, I was just in the audience.

(1h 16m 40s):
It was him and Amani. Nigga I brought you up there hosting. Oh yeah, you brought me up. I didn't say a word. Let's spend more time unpacking what happened on the free spaces. It changed my life, man. How you discern how you bring people up? Let's spend more time right here, right This time. Nah, nah. We ain't Talking about that. What y'all think? Nah, we ain't doing that. All I'm saying is a lot of freaky people in there making a lot of money. And I didn't realize it. I don't say how you didn't realize That. It's not my word. I'm not talking about the audience anymore more. I'm just talking about how they get into it out there. I didn. I just, I I I just didn't appreciate how much. Like it's not My world. I didn't know either till you, you, you kind of, You careful made me No, I'm serious. Like the pod rather not you per se, but the pod made me realize it's whole other worlds out there that I know nothing about.

(1h 17m 25s):
I'm dead ass serious. Like if it, if It is not in your immediate circle or circle. I don't know if some of that shit exists. Like I never had a TikTok in my life, but I know people make money like my niece and them be killing them. They make mad bread on that shit. But it's just like, eh, it never really crossed my path. You can make money on TikTok. Yeah. You gotta start TikTok in your house builds Today we are going to do a little dance today. We're going to build a roof. Lemme show you how Hey Yo, Jeff come. Yeah. You make mad money, huh? You gotta take advantage. I don't know how to do none of that shit. You just, I don how to do none of that shit. Have your niece teach you? True. You don't have a pod TikTok page or nothing?

(1h 18m 7s):
Mm, no. Well, interesting. Why wouldn't you? I did, but I stopped it. Hmm. I tell you why I off of you. Okay. Got got you. All right. Well did y'all catch Chappelle on SNL? I did. She was great. I I personally think he absolutely smoked that. It was a 17 minute monologue, which was really a set pretty much short set. And he touched on everything from Drum to Puff the world. Yeah. The world, the, the fires in LA and, and Chappelle genius, which is able to say some real shit while making it funny and then tied it all together at the end.

(1h 18m 47s):
Because I loved him opening with Yeah. They called me to do this shit months ago and I was like, no nigga, get the fuck outta here. But they were so persistent that I just said, ah, fuck it January 6th. So whatever the day was, I loved him highlighting that. 'cause I done got caught a million times with that. You try to get somebody off the phone so you just end up booking yourself to do some shit that you're gonna forget about in a few months. I loved it. I love, I like how he ended it with, you know, basically saying that empathy and you know, just kind of being compassionate to your fellow man is really what's the priority. So he mentions, you know, if you're, whether you're in the Palisades or Palestine Empathy.

(1h 19m 28s):
Mark, I have a question. How do you feel about people who can freely discuss Palestine and not kind of pay any kind of consequence at this point? I be hating. Yeah. I'd be mad as shit sometimes. I, I I'm happy for them and I'm happy. It is, It is, It is like Kaepernick, you know, it's like people kneel and don't get in trouble where he got blackballed and they make him the example. So he, you know, so it's always gonna be difficult for him, but other people are able to do it because of him. I'm not saying like I'm the Kaepernick of this shit. I'm just saying I what You should do. You should be able to do SNL. Like that's fucked up. They won't take my calls, man. Keep fucking ignore me.

(1h 20m 8s):
No, I mean like, I, I just, you know, I Love it and I love that Chappelle's using this platform to, to be courageous. I also just thought that he was funny as shit, man. It was, it was. I mean you can get, I don't usually like poor people jokes. Nah, he smoked that. That was, But he killed it. I was laughing like, you know what I mean? It was like, it was actually funny. You know what I mean? Sometimes when people do it, it's not funny. I'm glad that he wore sleeves. I think that's the first time I've seen Chappelle's Sleeves 15 years. Man. A great suit too. It was, he was suited boot It. Still smoking of Sig. Yeah. That's hilarious. Yo. And the skits were pretty funny that he was in too. Not for nothing. SNL be hitting Miss He's Lot. He's low key. He's putting his name in the top three.

(1h 20m 49s):
I feel like it was already there. Yeah. Like it was. Yes. Not for me. It was already there. He's low key. Putting his name in the top three. Top three is high. Did You The Chappelle show? I did. I wasn't, I wasn't the fan of the Chappelle show like that. Oh Huh. Really? No, it makes it, I get it. That fits. It's cool. That tracks. No it doesn't. Do you not like, like funny things humor? Yeah. So you didn't like, like the white power jokes. I knew you was completely, you like the white power with Joke Bigley and all that S that shit wasn't really funny. What? When he thought he was white? No, for real. I don't think that it should think that. That's funny. Oh yeah, right.

(1h 21m 30s):
Rick James. I mean that's, I'm not the biggest fan of slapstick comedy or sketch comedy like that. What type of comedy you like? He just shit On you call That slapstick. Yeah. It didn't feel slap. I'm Rick James bitch smack that. That's not The whole, it's a whole, yeah. What the bomb got slapped that make a slapstick. Go watch the Chappelle Show please to at least be, you See the Player Hate the ball episode. I've seen the racial fucking draft World series of dice. But be Cultural with us a little bit. Come on man. No, but you gotta find out what's our brothers, what does what, what thing? What is your, what is your comedy? That's it. That's what I was curious about. What is your comedy? So you span Kelsey Grammar, Harlem Knights, boomerang, ed Murphy, All like Current time shit though.

(1h 22m 16s):
Yeah, like Anything. Nigga ain't laughed in 40. He ain't laughed a century. Boomerang. You ain't laughing. Long time Ain't laughing. Eon Hollywood Shuffle was shit. Right? 11. The original one with the rap pack. With the rap pack. I know. I watched that Dick Gregory, you know Johnny Carson. So, so no you don't have no new comedy that you watch that you think is, you know, that's relatable to us as a, you don't have to Always be like a mystery. Like relate What you talking family. I don't gotta necessarily conform to what everybody think is funny.

(1h 22m 59s):
Neither Find what's funny. What bro just started talking and the room cut me off. Well This century, that's what we're trying to say this century in The last 25 years. Who's your top three? You said Chappelle's entering the top three. Who's your top three comedians? Red Fox, Richard Prior, Red Fox. Eddie. Eddie Fox, Sammy Davis. Mom's maybe. Did you take this old Brent Fox? I homeless in the Lenny Bruce records. Weird. Al Al Of, I'm sorry what?

(1h 23m 43s):
I forgot Her name. Who's your top three? Peewee Hermit for sure. Who's Your top three? Who's your Top three it for real? Richard Pryor. Richard Pryor, Eddie Murphy. And I wanna add my seat. Corey, don't try to help your man. Maybe Carlin. George Carlin. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Who? That's what for? Fuck that. George Carly. Nah, George Carlin.

(1h 24m 23s):
That nigga though. George Carly is? Yeah, George Carlin was Chappelle before Chappelle. Really? Yeah. George car. It is. He's alive. Right? And He's still alive. Isn. Oh yeah. Wait, is he? He He not look they don't know. Look, they don't look. They don't even know. Yo. Get the fuck out. His last question was 40 years ago. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. You Know he was good for real. Yeah. Yes. In 81. But his standup is all over fucking TikTok and Instagram. You don't, You even have TikTok. I do have TikTok bitch. Yes, the fuck I do. I said I don't really use his Standup is all he, he ont knock it off. Let me look this. He died in George car. Look at the words you can't say. Was it 10 words? You can't say on television. You got a couple bits that are really classy. I got 15 motherfuckers talking about George Garlin.

(1h 25m 5s):
Alright, who's the fourth? Who's the fourth boy? It is getting good, good boy Ish. The audience is on there. Edge of this piece. I Can't really think off the top of my head, but Chappelle maybe. Maybe. Okay. Because Eddie Murphy's last comedy special was 80 what? 84? 80. 84. He stopped doing comedy, you know? That's What I'm saying. So for you, the last he got, He got, if you know nigga get his comedians from Jack. Oh shit. Can you pick people that's still doing comedy?

(1h 25m 47s):
Nigga said You got it. No, ain't nothing wrong with that. Those, those are Legend. Nah, that's his. Listen man. Come on. Listen. Come on man. Do you have A top, do you have a top current Three? You hear somebody listen and be like, Joe you have a top current three Top. I wouldn't say you said current. I have my current, Yes. Own current Makes a difference. Personal. Yeah, current Changes. Current changes. The whole thing. I have my own personal favorites. And Chappelle is, are They, are they current? Your personal favorites? Chappelle is current. Okay. Bill Bur current. Okay. You naming current comedians, not your top three comedians of all time. It changes the whole entire Chappelle is in my top three of all time.

(1h 26m 27s):
George Carlin could kick a rock somewhere. Gotcha. Nah, I never that. That's unfortunate. George Carlin's Hilarious. Yeah. So he can still kick a rock somewhere. I'm not trying to say that he's not a legend and funny, but bye. Get outta here. Okay, well, so who, who else? The two top three. You said Chappelle? Chappelle. Oh, I'm not naming Oh. Oh. Doing the top now. Top three. All Time. All time. Who's your top three? Mm Eddie. Good. Mm. I put Patrice O'Neill. I put Patrice in mine. It was short, but yes, it was short.

(1h 27m 9s):
I feel You. But that's impactful. Yeah, that's how I feel about Robin Harris. Short but impactful. He's in my doctor. Short but impactful. Wow. So my, It is my all time favorite comedian. You don't, wow. You don't agree Top three of all time? No. Well just My list. No, yeah, I'm just saying. Wow. No, Y'all stay wild with my hiphop choices. Wow. Are your comedy choices. That's cool. Robin Harris will not be in my top three. That's fine. Who's you gonna be in my top eight? Who's Your top top 10 Ain't in your, who's your top three? Probably kind of gotta gotta go. Eddie. Eddie Pryor and Chappelle. Me. Mm. Was it Eddie Pryor, Robin Harris. Wow. Three. You got, you got Robin Harris above. I Wouldn't even, this is my favorites. I don. I know nigga. Oh, I'm just, I'm surprised I'm expressing surprise.

(1h 27m 50s):
What about you Mark? I wouldn't put Robin Harris above. I wouldn't even put Robin Harris above Bernie Mac At All. That, that, that, that, that was what Surpris, I mean for that style of comedy. If that's your style of comedy, I would've had Bernie higher. But Eddie would be on my list. Chappelle would be on my list. I might go Chris Rock and his prime, Chris Rock. Chris Rock and his prime actually Chris Rock replaces Chappelle from, there's too many comedians that I, that I love for me to even have, have this conversation. And That's what makes it hard. I love way too many because Bill Burb is right at the right at the precipice. There's a few that are right at that line for me is Bill Cosby on ne e L's list. He's next. I hate Bill Cosby is a piece of human garbage. But he is a funny top five. He was funny comedian of all time. Really? Bill Cosby's funny. So really he's funny.

(1h 28m 32s):
He's fucking hilarious. Cosby Standups like the old school shit. He's funny from the seventies. It was funny. Yo Whoopi Goldberg Old school standups funny as shit. Like It is, It is some, it's some good Stuff. That was funny. I mean Bill Cosby's the template for Kevin Hart in a lot of ways. But, but I, in terms of like the family style, the family style of storytelling, I, I think, I think Bill Cosby's, I mean excellent Red Fox actually is, I mean we clown of it. Red Fox is another one top 10 to me. Lenny Bruce's top 10. Richard Pryor to me is Upper Echelon. I mean there's a lot of great comedians though. And salute to each one of them. Yes indeed. We indeed. I hate being that guy. Nah, nah. No you sorry you guys. I don't like it. I'm trying to change, I'm trying to Change that. Your bag, you look at your phone is at the same show as time.

(1h 29m 13s):
You Like this. I was telling Joe on Spaces last night that, hold on, let me just say this. That you know, you make fun of our topics, but you have a plethora of topics in your notes and you just be going right past them just like this. I watch you all the time from here and then you say you act like you don't know about the topic and you go to ice. So tell us about it and ice. You ready to go in And we was laughing about it last night. So I'm watching you today. If you do it, I'm gonna point it out. You need to start speaking on some shit. We want to hear from you. That phone, whatever you got has a lot in it. I be trying to see for you. But is the screen protector shit on it?

(1h 29m 55s):
Yeah. Know that's illegal, right? That's against the law to Trump. Trump might change the law back to do what? Read. Reading somebody's shit in their phone. I'm not gonna do anything with the information. Are you A phone reader in general? No, I'm not. Yes. Yes she is. Okay. Mel mail No order. Turn the pot up with some lies. Let's go. Nah, let's get back in all that. Like in terms of when I have a man, do I look at his phone? Yeah. Like if you, if you sit like someone on the couch, are you like looking at the phone? Do you look at Joe's phone? Man? Honestly, 'cause I'm sitting here with his Laptop screen. Phones the Only boxes In the closet. No. Like why Don? We Okay, that was a Long time ago. Big lie about shit that they don't even have to lie about. That Was a long time ago. And that's what taught me. Don't go looking for shit that you don't wanna see.

(1h 30m 36s):
And really, honestly, the only thing I'd be seeing is when you scroll through Instagram for some motivation that you wanna hit us with or comedy. See and that's why people shouldn't talk about nothing you do in your phone. They be saying something they think is helpful. Get outta here. Okay fine. All right. I'm sorry I flip. I tried. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. God dammit. Anyway, Joey Badass. Joey Badass. Joey Badass. We, we will get ready to not music. Come On, let's go. Sorry. Not Sorry. More conductor. More conductor Around up. Marcy. Marcy not the projects but them. Brooklyn streets with my heartbeat. Okay. 51 Har Street.

(1h 31m 16s):
1 93 Vernon Avenue. Niggas with attitudes. Man I'm big up my city. That's something I had to do Do Die Home of the gully where we let fly 2025 of my bully. I know that men lie, women lie but Joey don't later. I know damn sure that won fucking out with all the schmo. That's alright. That's, that's the line. That's the line that people were upset about Little j Cole jab. Why they upset about that Mike? Delete. I really don't understand. Like rappers are gonna continue to point to poke fun at that probably forever. Prefer Eternity. Yeah. Yeah. Because they're stripping away the rapper's ability to rap and be creative and say some shit with all these sensitive bitch ass emotions.

(1h 31m 58s):
Yeah. Now And Joey's leaning into it and Yeah. Which I, I like Me too. I like hearing that from him. I he was Flowing. He was, What's wrong with punching up? Nothing in my opinion. I respect it. Nothing's wrong With punching up. That was one of my favorite things to do is punch up why waste time punching with the equivalent or lesser. And he might not think it's up. Niggas that's that confident in their, in their skill. Like nigga you might be up in terms of popularity or whatever, but, but if we put pit in the pad Right. It ain't, you ain't up. He can rap. Rap. He could.

(1h 32m 38s):
He can. Yeah. And a lot of people don't know it. So. Yeah. I'm, don't worry about it. Let me do it. And I like that he not doing no internet shit with it. I'm just keep rapping YouTube drops too. I, I tried to find this on the DSPs and it wasn't there. I'll just YouTube nice video too. I like this video a lot. But don't bark on me. I was just saying that most people have j Cole probably higher on, on the list than, than Joey Badass. I wasn't trying to do it for sure. Stifle his. I would be one of those people. But I still like hearing this though. I like hearing it and I like, I like it being somebody from New York. I think New York is wide open and there for somebody to be aggressive. New Yorkers always thrived when somebody was aggressive with the I'm from New York. I don't think there's enough of that going on.

(1h 33m 19s):
I think the west coast It is running, running around with all their pride. Atlanta been having pride. They matter at the West coast a little bit. Now New York has just been kind of silent on the matter. So I Love it because all our grades either get taken away from us or make too much money on their first album to wanna continue to do music, but Yeah. Yeah. So Or they take the stand Stand In New York or gun charges. Oh shit. They pop somebody and the projects over there like New York has been in a rut. So if Joey Badass want to take a break from the acting shit to get lyrical. Yeah. Who the fuck am I, who the fuck am I to stop on? I don't care who he talking to. Some people said that he should have came back with something to say toward Ray Vaughn daylight and some of the other people that had things, things to say about him.

(1h 34m 8s):
I don't necessarily agree with that. Yeah. I'm also with rappers ignoring who they think they should be or who they think should be ignored. Do you think that comes from being afraid to be bested in the situation? Because the whole ignore thing. I, I noticed that even in hip hop, even in battle rap, like people could, a match could be so perfect, but the person would be like, I don't want to go that direction. They'll make a whole bunch of excuses. I'm punching down, they're not on my level. They say a lot of fancy words for risk assessment, Risk got, there You go. They use a lot of fancy words. I think all rappers begin to do their own risk assessment. Yeah. I think Everybody do. Threw a, There was a little daylight jab in this by the way. So people say that he didn't say nothing. I don't remember.

(1h 34m 48s):
So about My, That little light of mine, they were saying it was a daylight rough. I got it, I got it. Well now that we got the fucking rap genius forensic foul crepe diggers out there, they gonna find a dis. Even when you didn't mean a dis. Yeah, that's true. Some symbolic meaning by mistake. I used to love when fans did that with my shit. I ain't, oh shit, he meant this.

(1h 35m 29s):
I was like, didn didn't, but I'm rolling. But that fly, that the good though. That kind of could work too. I think I'm the est. Nobody do that shit more than Kendrick fans bro. That's true. Word. Nobody. No. They, they win. Yeah, but you can't, you can't, you can't hate on what somebody got in their bag. Like if you're a fan base, do that with you as another rapper. I can't sit there and be like, ah, doing that shit. That's part of his bag. Yeah. Yeah. Different levels come with different perks except for fucking Miss Pacman. Whereas the levels get harder. The ghost time get shorter and shorter. No, they don't even turn. Yeah. Word. Oh yeah. Sometimes ain't you never got that far. Who you talking to? You never got that far.

(1h 36m 10s):
And don't say it again 'cause I'm gonna buy Miss Pacman and put it in house. You been saying that. I hope you Pacman. Why you won't play Monopoly with me no more? Yeah, you sound like a broken record. I'm free tonight. Me too. Y'all did the same thing last time. Corey. What's up, y'all just talking. Yeah, they did the same thing last Tuesday ass. Now it's your ass. That's it. I'll remind them. I know, I know, I know your bag. Please do. Don't poke my man. This ain't right. He know he my son. He's on the stands nigga Monopoly. That's my son Drew. I realize that's your thing. You just raise shit, talk shit. And then don't do it only in the and don't do it and don't do it. Oh, You right now. I'm just his voice behind, nigga. I've been the only one to, to, to follow up with the gyms.

(1h 36m 50s):
I've been the only one that follow. You're the only one that was supposed to to follow up with you about spades. I play it fucking black. Whatever happened with the basketball thing y'all give. He got hit in the face with a water bottle and threatening to sue Cory. So first of all, second, I'm ready. He know who he would name. Are you a Melvin talking again? They've been on the phone talking more than just lotto tickets. Okay. You know Mark. I saw that, right? Yeah. A witness. I can vouch few words. Like v can vouch vo vouch. Vouch. Yeah. Joey Badass. I'm with it. Sorry, I don't deep I don't, I don't have nothing deep on this.

(1h 37m 31s):
I'm, I'm with it. But now when somebody punch back, don't go trying to shoot a, a new show. Right. That's my only thing. Don't talk about it. When the boomerang come back your way, nigga start talking about, oh, I'm on tour. I was with my girl. Yo, I'm not even, I'm this is beneath me. I don't want to hear none of that shit buddy. I don't think You're gonna get it from him. It sounds like this is his energy. Yeah. Yeah. I think he's standing in it. It sounds like it it be to me. I think so. And he just beat somebody up in the, in the coach store. Energy, energy and Daniel Leathers. I think he See That. I Think he see a void. Stop doing that bro. Because the people over there, the other spot, they think you're doing that on purpose. Stop. And it, It is affecting, There's another spot.

(1h 38m 12s):
The RCI nigga. Oh see I only know Dan. No, you stop doing everything. Nigga had a, I had a full understanding with them. I used My voice for all the wrong things. I had a Full, I had a full understanding with them. And all you kept doing was putting Daniel leather On me. That was foul. That Nasty. That was foul. I saw the Gucci and you ain't been in the first since I about to say you can't get Your shirt. You couldn't get your shirt. Start wearing them sports jackets. They took his joint Back. What shits Called? I don't even remember. Pro Pro player. Pro player. Non-starter Black, black Hawk. They don't, they don't sell starters anymore Anyway. I said non-starter. Yeah. Them jacket, them jackets was non-starter. It is a nonstarter. Sure.

(1h 38m 53s):
It's all right. I went the other day. I, I did go to the Rucci the other day and I was hanging out with him and I was talking about it. Please, Nobody asked about homeboy. What? Huh? About who? Please? About my man. Nobody asked About that. Look at me. I'll take me. I need a jacket. Hey yo. Let me, let me get your, what's up? I would like to film content for this. I'll, I'll shoot it for the JBN. Let me go get your white fur. JBN is off until, No, I'm just saying like I, I have po record me. I wanna go get the white fur. You never picked up. Let me like, let me get that. No, it's okay my man. It's okay. Snatch. I do need to go get that white fur though. Nasty. Same motherfucker. Who was that at them? Them fucking Griselda niggas at the Bills game.

(1h 39m 34s):
Oh, They look Fly. Yeah, they look good. Yeah. I Was, they gonna have a good time. They look good. That shit gun hat on was Yeah. Yeah. Gun. No play. Yeah. Gun looked great. All new set of jewelry too. Yeah, that's the thing. A lot of these rappers just run around with ah, Manites. I mean the flip of the, I'm letting y'all rappers know. I I make the picture bigger. I put, I put two fingers to screen fast and the, oh shit. Oh, that's the oh three Jacobs. These niggas got got the old, old fuzzy foggy shit. Yo, Yo. It is, It is a trick. They go to the Diamond distributor, then they go to the one across, like they said they made it to the one across. They act like they in the the popping One.

(1h 40m 15s):
They in the nasty shit of the Diamond District. Yeah. In the nasty. Yeah. You just walk up in the damn Diamond District still. It is some nasty shit on down in the Diamond District. It is bad. But anyway. Gotta get how you gotta get it I guess. Exactly. Yo, since we talking music, man, y'all sent all the Avengers after me. All, all the, everybody who watched the podcast last week, it was two kinds of people. People who were telling me I was a hundred percent right. And then people who were trying to make it seem like I was saying something crazy for talking about beans, staying with Hove or being better on a bunch of tracks. And then Beans to me gave me some vindication this week when he did the interview where he talked about the fact that when him and Jay and Bleak were on the same track that Jay was writing for Bleak.

(1h 41m 5s):
Right. He was saying he was always trying to give him an advantage. And the reason I say that is because that's another reason Ho clearly saw him as competition. And so he was always trying to keep, keep, keep the race tight because he understood how, how dope Beanie Sigel was. And I think in this room, because it's such an anti Philly bias and so much Philly hate in this room. We Love Philly. We're Philly. It's beans is fire. But what But for starters, that was your vindication. Yes. Well one you started wrong though. 'cause initially you told us Beans was washed washing Hove. And four seconds later I took that back. But that's where it started. It wasn't no anti Philly or nothing like that. It was like, whoa. That statement you made was a little crazy. It Wasn't crazy then. No, it it's crazy. It wasn't crazy. So then once you said he either kept up or busted him on some records, we like, oh no, no.

(1h 41m 50s):
You Agree. Agree with that statement. Do you agree with that statement that he Kept up or bested him? Yes. On every record, Every kept up or bused. Yes. No, not on every record we did that. So, so talking about talking about him because, because I hear people say he's snitching, right? That basically if somebody's writing for somebody, you can't come out and say, yo, he wrote for him on that trip. I was gonna ask what's the, for Clarification on the difference. And my thing is what Mark said was his vindication and your rationale behind It is crazy to me. Yo, if me, you and Joe rap, but y'all rap better than me and we all crew, so we'll give you a little bar or two. Yeah. Why the fuck would y'all want us to all be a team and a crew when putting out a project and y'all just belittling me on the raps and I can't keep up with y'all.

(1h 42m 35s):
But that don't mean that Joe writing my shit because he is, is looking at you like a threat. He's writing my shit because he want the team to come in representing. I, I think another way to look at It is I'm trying to keep you in your place. So if we assume that if me, you and Joe is a rap crew, right? And we assume Joe is the best farfetched, but let's assume Joe is the most right? And then it's me and you, right? And I think me, you know, You better than me, Right? But I think me, but what I'm saying is I gotta really, I'm trying to compete with Joe and Joe really trying to compete with, you know, actually this actually works out in real life would be y'all too, right? Y'all just, and you're From Philly, so It works out perfectly. Yeah. It actually works out perfectly. If Joe starts slipping raps like y'all, I wanna make sure you keep up with Ish, I wanna make sure Ish stay. And that's the idea is that he's, he on the low, he's trying to keep beans and bleak in the same place right Now.

(1h 43m 15s):
Let, let, let me hold on. Hold Jay. Now, hold on. That's my interpretation. I'm telling you. That's my reason. All right. Now what about if, if I'm Jay and y'all are both my artists, I want y'all to look good. True. That's it. And if I know I've gotta write your shit, I'm eating, I'm, I'm eating off of this. Okay, cool. So Why not somebody who could rap This? My man, I got my man. He's my man. He's come, he's my man from home. I just, I I never liked it. I never liked, I mean he, he wrote, the thing is, first of all, Jay admitted that he wrote for Bleep since day one. Okay? He's talked about it from literally from the first album coming to age, coming to age. He wrote and part two or that he wrote that too. So at some point, and according to Beans, if he's writing all your, your hits and all your best verses, That's not all your hits and best verses One I said according to Beans.

(1h 43m 56s):
I'm not saying, I don't know if it's true or not, but if, if, if that is true, then at some point it's like, what's, what's the, what's the, and and, and at that time, and at that time, if you, if you didn't keep up, we saw what happened to H Money bags on Hot 97. How he just, when he was on there, how, you know, shout out to him but was no longer at that time it was, you have to keep up with the who was who and, and make sure you sound good or it'll look bad on your team. I guess. Guess that's it. So I, I don't think him writing for oblique is not, I don't think he wrote for him completely, but I don't think him giving him balls was anything farfetched. I still think that's snitching what, what being said because whole writing for coming to age one and two is different. Those are back and forth records. And a lot of times when two artists do a back and forth record, one usually writes more if not the whole shit.

(1h 44m 40s):
Especially if one is a experienced rapper and the other one really isn't. I'm gonna write my verse. I'm gonna write your verse. I'm gonna tell you how to do your verse so we can do this track together. That's not the same thing as your biggest hits that I'm not even on or your biggest records. My, he wrote those two. Here's why I said that's, that's, that's different conversation. Here's why it's not snitching me one again, Jay already talked about it. Two dame Dash two weeks earlier said, yo, he wrote for Bleak, right? Dam Dutch literally said the same thing two weeks ago. So if I ain't, if it's already out there, it's like y'all was saying to me about Luther and like, if it's already out there, then me saying something about It is different. You know what I mean? No, it's Not. How Y how's a snitching if, if people already know, because Y'all both racked it could be two rats, nigga.

(1h 45m 24s):
Fuck you talking about Ratt gotta be one rat. If y'all both rat it, y'all both rat it and nobody confirmed it. So if you got up there, it could have been my word versus his word. Now you get up there and say, nah, it's two rats. The CEO, the CEO saying it to me is a little different than another rapper saying it. You get what I'm saying? Like, like if another rapper said, I'd be like, that's just his word verse You said, did, did Jose standing in your Philly by, did, did Ho say I wrote Die the coming the age records? Or did he say I wrote Bleak Records? He said he wrote coming of age records. Okay, So that, And then dad said he wrote Bleaks records. I, again, I'm not saying it's true, not, I don't know. I'm just saying But yo, do me A favor is right, go downstairs on Fire Up the DeLorean.

(1h 46m 4s):
If you start the DeLorean, I think we can bring this info back and make a change in how history was fucking written. Like for real, what y'all think? Yeah. Oh Yeah. You niggas that could Have future shit, Do you hear these niggas, they will get trapped and start having a hole and neither one gonna let it go In closing. Bleak got too many hits for anybody to say something to 'em about any of it. Like oblique set list is a bleak set list. There is no disrespect that you could put on Bleaks name and this probably won't be the last that you hear of stories from people that have had a falling out with all things Rockefeller. Yeah.

(1h 46m 44s):
Talking about the ones that didn't have the fallout. Joe, is there, is there, is there a rapper who could write something for you that you would take if it was dope, dope enough? No. A lyric? Yeah. Like if, like if HOV called you and said, yo, I got this, yo do this track with me. I wrote the bars For you. Is HOV producing me? Yes. Yeah. Oh, then yeah, but it wouldn't be a lyric like he's done that before. Hey, the beat is doing this, so try to catch this flow or I think the hook needs rappers need help with. I'm sorry. I mean the whole verse With song make not a bar the whole verse and not a flow. Not a pocket. No words. No, I'm just curious. I Just curious. No, there's no, no, because he Does, there's no need. That's what, that's what I think. I'm the wordsmith. Yeah. And that's what Hove does, what you said as far as like the pocket and the, the, the That's what producers Do.

(1h 47m 28s):
Producers. Yeah. There somebody that can help you. Like I, I'm, I'm from rappers helping each other. Damn ro just not with words. I used to watch Royce do that. Royce is the king of that shit. Yeah. Of hearing something in the beat that nobody else is gonna hear and just giving you a different way to attack something. To me it's the same as ball players helping athletes. Helping athletes, but words I can do the words Tell me about where you want the direction of the song, the hook, the pocket, the words I can come up with, I don't need, I don't need, and I'm not knocking nobody that that takes either that, that that takes today they got entire writing camps where rappers are getting together and helping each other with the writing. I think in that infiltrated even battle rap a bunch of years ago.

(1h 48m 10s):
So however you get It is how you get it. If a room of five of us can come up with something that's gonna generate seven and eight figures over the course of the next 30 and 40 years, then my pride is not, shouldn't get in the way of that is what I'm saying. But I'm one of the best rappers to have lived. I didn't need help with the words. And if my man took me out the projects and said, yo, come with me. I Wanna change your life And I'm gonna just pin some shit for you. And you just gotta say it with some emphasis. I ain't mad at that. Yeah, There's not enough of that in the music business where you trust someone, I'ma come Up, hold my own way To what? Yo there's some yo yo people that have more expertise crazy in what we doing. They got more experience, more knowledge.

(1h 48m 53s):
You could just trust that person and give something a shot. The music business is all about shots. Yeah. So trying some shit. Same. I mean, it, it, it could. And that pause that kind of landed on me. Pause. What do you mean? Because like before coming up here, I had my own podcast that was doing, that was doing good, right? And then coming here I learned, I learned so much. I learned so many things about the business from Joe and just watching things and stuff. Shit. You're bleak. I'm not bleak. No, never the fuck watch him out because It is, listen, for the first two years, for the first two years, it be extremely hard for me to take any form of criticism.

(1h 49m 35s):
But I started to watch shit a little bit. Look and you know, I started to implement it how I do business. It happens man. It Takes there's too many niggas out there separate from this. There's too many niggas out there that's just cool or, or, or want to to be the boss of nothing instead of partners with everything. You right. Yep. That's real shit. Real shit. That is so real. And a lot of times you, you realize I, it's like a slap in the face. Like, damn, and you, you, I'm so headstrong. So as long as I saw the numbers, what I thought now I'm doing, I don't give a fuck. I'm, you know, what It is. And them coming here, it was like, ah, okay. It's a whole nother world out. Yeah. I hear how it sounds sonically. I hear it all the rah rah talking on top of each other. It's just little things that I picked up on how he just structures the business of podcasting.

(1h 50m 18s):
I found myself when I went back to do it again and it got I guess more traction or better traction, better comments and stuff like that because it's like How y niggas is talking on top of each other. Oh, slow down or do this or do that. You started producing. Oh yeah, I started producing. Yeah. And I learned it up here. If you left that shit with me, I would think it would've just been some, that's what life is about. Yeah. Learning. So people make fun of that. But it's, it's, It is okay to come and partner with somebody and a nigga that's willing to teach you, yo, I watch it. It gets a little frustrating, right? Because you have a nigga like this, what's the word? Meticulous who watches everything and he criticizes frustrating and puts pressure on you if you're not comfortable. But it's also a good thing. 'cause he'll put me, I saw that, try to do it like this.

(1h 51m 0s):
Why? And then he's not going, he's not going online or going anywhere to take the credit for it. So you just, you know, I, there's a humility to that because I was thinking as you talking about ghost writing, I'm ak you bleak. Oh, you definitely, you definitely, yeah. You bleak ak. That's dope. And there's nothing wrong with being bleak. Bleak if y'all starting that stupid narrative. Nah, Memphis bleak. You, queensville bleak, ak bleak, bleak queens Bleak. That's nasty. You know what I mean? Because they start that shit to get on Lama. Be tight, just remembering. And I'm gonna come at you and get at y'all. But yeah, saying no, it, It is, you just gotta stay humble with it. When you get that support and when you get to another level, I, I ghost write books for people including like for celebrities, politicians, et cetera. And sometimes they forget that they didn't write the shit. Like their ego gets big enough. Oh shit. Like, nigga you didn't write this.

(1h 51m 40s):
You know what I mean? They start going around giving people, writing advice, doing writing workshops. You know what I mean? That's hate, that's hate. That's that's hate. That's hate. That's hate Mark. That's not hate. That's hate. How was that hate? Maybe They learned from the process. Like he said, if Joe button writes all my verses and I come out with a album and then the next week I'm leading that rapper's camp. Yeah. How much the camp pay. Yep. Oh, you talking about the money? I didn't give a fuck about the money. To me, it's the ego of it. How much the camp pay. Sounds like you care about the money a little bit. All right then you know what, then I'm here, I just, I'm just like, yo, your thesis statement is supposed to be you crazy. And it's like, nigga you didn't Yeah, don't get started. All I've written, Quin Miller really had a fucked up run after that whole, if you're reading this, It is too late thing. Yeah, he Did, He had a really, not to depress you off, but I was thinking about it as you was talking about it.

(1h 52m 24s):
Like, I would want to hurt somebody. Still Some Things happened in the music business. I wouldn't have totally be over yet. Tell me what, what I'm missing. He didn't lose his leg. That okay? Yes he did. Yes. He lost his leg. He lost his leg something. He lost his credibility. Then them boys went and got on him. They jumped on him. Do do You think that he had a hard time? He had a rough run. Yeah. So basically Joe, with that situation that After I just gave you all slaps, my slaps And your name kind of was like mud after that. Like Right. Even when he tried to now go out on his own And worked with other people, they Yeah, they were, they Was like, nah, but wait, okay, so lemme just get, you know, did you guys are hip hop His, this business is, We are talking about him coming out and out and that he wrote some of the records, right?

(1h 53m 7s):
No, they, He didn't come out and write and say shit though. It wasn't him, it Wasn't his fault. He didn't come out and say, Hey, so then why I wrote that? So why did it, why would it fall bad on him if somebody exposed it? You talking about when Meek exposed it, right? When it got exposed, He on writing. Why would it fall? Why would it make him look bad if he didn't say anything? It should have, but it did. That's why, that's why he said bad people don't wanna be Associated with it. You think the world knows that He Didn't say it. That's crazy. I mean I think those that paid attention though that he didn't say it. He hasn't really said much of anything. It don't matter that he did say it did say it. None of that. None of that matters. The particulars don't matter. All you remember is it had a spark when you started in for whatever the reason shit went totally awry afterward and I lost my leg.

(1h 53m 53s):
Yeah. Shout to Quinn Miller. Shout to shout. Shout out to Quinn Miller. I'll keep my slaps. No You won't. But the slaps wouldn't hit the same coming from him. No. Wouldn't, you wouldn't keep your slaps and you just said something totally different. You would not keep your slaps Keeping my slaps. You Could be the boss of nothing or a part of anything I about to say. You keep your slaps and only you and your, your people's hero and you making no money off of them be the nice. But you got your slaps though. You be the nicest nigga locally. They ain't even slaps. And they ain't slaps. I believe in my slaps. I believe in my slaps. Okay. After a While, bet on yourself. Cool. Bet on yourself. Believe in yourself. If the slap could do that for him, then I'll take 30% of that doing it for me.

(1h 54m 36s):
I don't need to have his fate ain't mine. There ain't gonna Be 30% what's for me. Right. If you can't speak to what It is, you'll never know. 'cause you chose option number one. You chose option number one. Well, We don't know how long you was choosing option number two. I'm Not even talking about him no more. I'm just talking about having some shit. Believing in yourself, having a record, having a hard time with it. 'cause you can't find backing and funding. And then somebody with a name and a deal and a crowd come and then you fold. Cool. Nothing wrong with that. Some niggas manage to make it with they shit when they go the other way. That's It. Percentages are low. Yeah. And a lot of niggas got life to juggle. True. So it's like, all right. Yeah.

(1h 55m 15s):
Cool. I can bet on myself, but I got a baby. You might have been bet on this for 10 straight years and this could be the break. Yeah. Oh shit. I've been betting on myself and here comes a break. Let me Do y'all, do y'all hear it all about the new footage and the me Tory police step out the car? Shit that came out recently? No, When she stepped on the glass, I didn't see it. Yeah, but they're saying yeah, it's, It is nothing. There's no new information in that. It is all, that's A big, I didn't think so either. But the internet seems to think that that's a gotcha moment because The internet is ridiculous. It's stupid. They, and, and they're easily duped that inf that that footage isn't new. That information isn't new. She told the doctor that this is not new information. People just really wanna believe that she's lying.

(1h 55m 57s):
And so every time a new video comes, every time a new piece of information comes out, the world goes upside down. And that small group of Twitter people talk about it, but it ain't nothing different. And be, and to be fair, like she's lied a lot. So because of that there are people looking for the Gotcha. You lied here moment. Yeah. I don I don't see it. That's all It is. I don't see, I personally, I don't, this shit is, I don't want to hear about it no more. It is over and done to me. That's how I feel. Unless something new comes out and something like a game changer on either side, then I don't care. He let him do his time, you know, let Meg move on with her life and keep it and keep it pushing, man. I agree. How hard of a time do y'all think Mark Andrews is happening right now? Oh, I feel bad for him.

(1h 56m 40s):
I feel bad for him. I Don't. And would y'all be able to deal with that? No. It's A different, yeah, I would definitely delete all the apps off my phone. I have to Change my phone number. He probably don't call myself for like a week, A week a week. Just don't, you'll see him at OTAs Like, that's hard, my nigga. Yeah. Then they pulling up the footage of it happening before with same type of play, two point conversion. He dropped it against Pittsburgh, like Yeah. Yeah. But he ain't dropped the ball since what? 2019. Tell me what type of teammates y'all are. I'm Mark Andrews. I just dropped the game tying two point conversion. What is y'all energy toward me as I take the long walk back to the sidelines.

(1h 57m 20s):
Now I'm gonna give you a long, I'm gonna hug him. Yeah. I'm gonna hug him. Give you A hug. Gimme a hug. You gonna Tell the truth? Yeah. And that right there in that moment. I might, we cool once we, once I cool off. But right there nigga. No wait, Did he drop it like Deshaun Jackson dropped it at the one yard line? Or did he just, did it get knocked out of his hand? I'm, I'm trying to figure this part Out. He dropped, he dropped the pass leave Alone. Okay. Nobody knocked it out. I thought It, he dropped. He just dropped the easy play. Yeah. Game. He caught it. It was like this and he just dropped it. And that's, and he fumbled earlier in the game. That set up the whole need for the two point conversion, which was really the worst, more Egregious play. That was, was that was the biggest play of The game. That was a, if if It wasn't, that was the biggest play of the game.

(1h 58m 2s):
I think that in, in sports like dog, everybody throughout the duration of that game, we all fucked up and we all made mistakes. Yeah. So you can't count really. Like it's, It is, It is. The conditions. The conditions. It is just a part of sports. I hear I don't do that all. I never believed in that. Yeah. We fucked up, we all made mistakes, but we got back, we got to point, we made it here. Drove down the field, scored a touchdown. All we need is the two ran the perfect play. The pass was right there. It hit you in both hands. It's like Mark with a water bottle. Wow. And you drop, Didn't have to happen. Niggas are hot in that moment. I I, it's his human emotion right there. Like dog, this was our trip to overtime that possibly win this game.

(1h 58m 44s):
The whatever had nothing to do with the ice. Yeah, of course it did. Yeah, of course it did. Freezing in the snow. And the fucked up part is, if you look at the Ravens page, they had him out. They, you know, they put their little clips out and shit before the game. He's running with the little sleeveless shit on or the snow. It is no problem for Mark Andrews. Oh yeah, there you go. That always seems to backfire by The way. Yeah, I'm, I'm the opposite as a teammate. I, I, I wouldn't be mad in the game as a teammate. I was always like the person that would like hug the guy, talk to him after the game. I'm thinking about that for the next till till training camp. I'm mad as shit and I probably wanna get him cut. I I wanna do harm to him. But, but in that moment I'm trying to win the game and I'm trying to be a good teammate. But it would, it would eat away at me for the rest of you. And I know it's gonna eat away at him for the rest of you. It's the exact opposite for me. Yeah, that's what I get it. I get it. Don't because in the game you can't be petty.

(1h 59m 24s):
You can't be me. You got, we still at war and we still trying to win. Oh, the game's over. Right. The game is over. Yeah, That's fair enough. But I'm still in war mode. Like even in the locker room afterward, I'm still not like, nigga what the fuck? I hate people that do that shit. I hate that shit. If I miss the game winning free throw. I don't want nobody in the locker room like, yo, what the fuck? Like, talk to me about that tomorrow. But right then, nah, we still a family. But you won Get 'em cut in six months. Yeah. Yeah. I I'm not saying I'm right, I'm doing the right behavior. I'm just saying that's how I feel. Got You. Yeah. Yeah. It is, It is fucked up. But I how I feel. How you Feel About which part? Mark Andrews shit. Like how would you feel if you're, If I'm Mark Andrews or if I'm a teammate?

(2h 0m 6s):
No, if you Team or Him, you'd likely be Mark Andrews. Oh, I'm not saying team. Oh shit. I Feel horrible. I feel horrible again, I think a lot of people are watching it aren't football players. I mean the past was a little underthrown. He was throwing it on the run. It's a slippery ball. Like you going backwards, falling the ground. It's tough. I get it Then I'm a, I'm a pro so I'm expected to make this catch. I also don't think it was the simplest catch to make. And listen, niggas fucked up during the game. That's how we got in this position. So as a team, we, we take it as a team. That's, that's how I feel. It's true. We Take it as a team for every missed block. Every miss catch the fumble from Lamar. I kind, I'm talking about him like when he get away from his teammates and people that are in that, in that state of mind.

(2h 0m 48s):
When he just goes to the local bar or the Macy's or something, I could see him having a hard time. Oh Yeah, I'm good. The gas station, all that shit. Yeah. Oh yeah. You public number one Get gas. You can't get gas no more. You Public enemy number one. You gotta get ev what? Some shit. You gotta go, gotta go move Jersey car. You gotta fuck your shit up. Drive the jersey to get your gas, man. Yeah, they gonna hit your ass yo. That's crazy. Yeah, it's rough. It's rough. But again, that's, that's what they sign up for. Yo, everybody make mistakes. True. Even though you don't wanna hear that shit when you put your head on a pillow at night. I'm going to see some house, some big crazy Batman looking house in Connecticut this week. Oh yeah? Really? Is that the move Connecticut, you think?

(2h 1m 31s):
No, I, I never thought about actually residing in Connecticut. I just thought the house looked so amazing that you kind of just gotta go Old school. Old school. I, it was built in 1990 but it looked like it, the design of it and The, that's what I mean like the structure Of it. I'll, I'll show it to you but it looks unbelievable so I'm just going to lay some eyes on it. I don't know if I could live over there In Connecticut. There gotta be some tax incentives. I was gonna say, what are taxes like in connect? Plenty of plenty of tax incentives. Plenty of tax incentives. WWE is in Connecticut. NBC is in Connecticut. That's what changed spring Shit.

(2h 2m 12s):
They're not as nowhere Near as high New Jersey. They're not as high as we are. Nowhere Near as high as New Jersey. Number one. And I ain't gonna hold you. I just looked at my whatever tax I had to play pay to New Jersey. Like the New Jersey tax, like the state could you work here? Yeah nigga, it's high. That's an understatement. Yeah. Like we in the top three. That's That. That's an I can see why niggas getting the fuck outta here In south there. Y'all better pay y'all shit. Y'all work here too. That's why I hate this state man. Everything is so fucking expensive. Taxes, property taxes, income to everything man. It is Ridiculous. Everything Gas New Jersey will get you the fuck up outta here. I'm keep It insurance. I get it. No It is bad. Get You outta here.

(2h 2m 52s):
Yeah. Why we do this and stay here Not to localize the The Nah because because you, you, you Why we don't stand up for ourselves For Real. Why We on move somewhere all just go live in a house with our families. Our kids find an island Fear the unknown. You know what you know. True. It's the fear of the unknown. You Miss your little sandwich spots and shit. Yeah, yeah. Like you, you know, don't walk down that block or you know the niggas down there so you can walk down that block. Like it's just literally the fear of unknown. I don, I don't think's that of pattern. A lot of times It is just like I told y'all when I moved outta the state, you don't know what it's like living. It's not even a fear of it. It is just you having this is your norm.

(2h 3m 33s):
Yeah. Like You have no community set up anywhere else, right? You're saying not not I'm talking about in terms of what we pay here. Like until I moved outta New Jersey, I didn't even realize I was paying high rent because I'm so used to it. This is just the norm. Yeah. So a lot of the shit we pay for here you might hear is how you have been other places. No, I'm just saying not now. 'cause the internet is more prevalent than anybody. It is different. When you nigga they showing houses in Texas for 280 grand, 300 grand. The houses look like a Batman house. So if you was curious you'll be like Word. I could get that for that. I'm gone nigga they got house, they got shit that's in Newark that they show in apartments and you see the prices, it's like whoa. Then you realize where it's at.

(2h 4m 15s):
I'm all them shit's high. I'm talking about in terms of the area. It still ain't as high as the area. So if you see some of 'em houses and then you go look, oh wait, this is fucking a hour outside of whatever. Yeah. I don't really believe the little Instagram. Yeah, that shit sounds like fool's gold. Yeah. I'm good. That's why I hate Jersey. That that's literally why I hate this place because I, I got all the burden and I don't get none of the community. Like, I don't know nobody, I, I don't know these hoods Couldn't Go to Disney on ice And don't get invited to Disney or Ice. Can't go to Kings Nigga. I about, I'm about to have my pitch up in Kings Man as much as I'm in. You Gotta go. No, no not Uber Eats. I'm talking about Mark physically pull up and walk inside. You don't do that. Boots on the ground. What you gonna have a voice note on the wall?

(2h 4m 56s):
Y'all lemme get a number seven. Whatcha talking about they Know who I am when I call. So I gotta do is go up in there. I'm good guy's. Crazy. Yeah man. I'm good. I know I just joined the basketball league in, in Jersey. Justifying like people 'cause I don't know. I don't know nobody Nigga I've invited you out 17 times. You have you, You the only person that talk about Yeah but you the is invite is you outside? That's not true. It'll Be like 10:00 PM Don't do that. I mean, but he, he respecting his space. Text mark and be like, yo, what's up? What you doing? Yo, I'm whatcha doing? What? What you doing? When, what are you doing today out nigga I'm married with. I can't no time out. It is five o'clock with him. It is five o'clock. Don't listen to him. It's five o'clock. This. They be like, yo, I'm in a conference in Cleveland and tomorrow I gotta go to Philly.

(2h 5m 37s):
That's true. Next day I gotta go to Utah. And then that's What happens. That shit he tried to act booked in busier. Like I don't care. I ain't hitting that nigga in the middle of the night. Hit that nigga at five o'clock in the daytime. But if you hit me On a Wednesday, say what are you doing Friday? I was gonna say I could make that Happen. I don't what Im doing Friday And that and that's the difference Between our Lives. But that's the point of making a Plan. I don Yeah but It is, he doesn't plan But yes he Does. He planned to go to fucking Malcolm on Ice when we had the goddamn p giving. No I didn't. I didn't plan That. And what he planned tickets significant others like this. My girl bought the tickets. What I'm saying is he was, if I hit my man on a Friday night and be like, yo, what you doing It is five o'clock. And he said Yo, I'm in Utah. The fuck I supposed to do? Mark, listen, you gotta Remember, even though he makes it look good with all this black white power shit he got going on like shit in the house.

(2h 6m 21s):
It is, It is a structure nigga. He, he could only get out. He don't know in real time. Oh when he out he out. Yeah. Yo, I'm about to take the garbage out. I'm about, I'm about to the why you taking the garbage, garbage new clothes on. That's funny son. Yeah I about to go outside. Nah, nah that bitch yo. It's hilarious bitch Shit in with that shit. Okay, somebody here seems like they need our help. Okay, What's going on Part of the show. Charles. What's up Charles? What's up Charles? Chuck Hey JBP What's happening? Hey buddy. I've been a fan of the show for years and I had a life change that I could use some advice on. I am 27 and I recently became a first time dad to a baby girl.

(2h 7m 5s):
Girl Dad, girl dance. Congratulations. I had always said I wanted a boy because raising a boy was more in my comfort zone. But unlike Joe, I don't make men you god damn right Pany. I don't make men. Me and my girl who are living together and engaged often have conversations about differences between raising a girl versus raising a boy. She feels that our daughter should be able to go out and experience the world. But my views on the differences between boys and girls has has me more reserved with what I'm willing for my daughter to get involved in. I spent some time outside so I know what it's like out there for young girls with friendships, dating the workplace, et cetera.

(2h 7m 48s):
I also know what it's like to be a young man that can move outside. Speaking to the girl Dads out there. Ice Ish Mark flip Corey, bitch Anthony and Joe, just for a parent perspective, what approaches do you guys take to raising your daughters if you have thought about this at all? How can I allow my daughter to see the world without seeing the world? Joe and Mel can add something to this from Joe's general parent perspective and Mel having grown up without a dad, I'm not, not From being a girl. Holy. Oh shit, this nigga. How would you read that? Yo drive by Jesus.

(2h 8m 30s):
Fuck Chuck. Y'all carry on. I don't think he was trying to be a Dick. Okay. It did Well it red Dick. Yeah it read Richard. He read And He read. Richard. I didn't grow up without my father. Chuck, go on. I'm not sure if you guys have already covered this. I know there have been parenting talks in the pod before. Appreciate any advice and keep the energy high throughout 2025. Thanks Chuck. Just, just throw a fucking chastity belt on her 'cause that's what it fucking sounds like. You wanna do lock that shit up. You can't. No, it's Until She's 30. Chuck like my daughter turns five next week and my thing with her is communication.

(2h 9m 11s):
Like I have even now my daughter's not afraid to tell me some shit. Like we talk. She's texting all well she's not with me. So I think you just need to have that openness so that your child isn't afraid of you. Your child isn't afraid to talk to you. Your child isn't afraid to let you know what's going on. 'cause kids are sneaky. They gonna do shit. So you can't protect them from the world. Yeah. You really can't. Agreed. I, I learned too late Chuck. I learned too late man. Well not too late, but my daughter's about to be 16 and you know now of, now you know, I try to have an open communication but I realize that, you know, like, like I agree with you can't protect him from the world but I don't play that shit nigga.

(2h 9m 58s):
Nigga, I'm gonna try my, I'm gonna go down swing. I got the old school in me nigga I got I don Jem in me nigga. I'm not going down like that. Yeah. Look when it comes to my daughter, listen, there's certain rules and regulations that that I put out there that I expected her to follow. 'cause I like what following rules in the house. I mean what's different for your daughter than your son? I mean It's a trap. No it's not. I can say it. It is totally a trap. It's a trap And me saying it, it's still not gonna change the outcome. Go ahead. Well It is not gonna change the outcome, you know. Well it's, It is a trap. You don't think there Should be any difference Mark, come on, I'll feed into it. Yeah, I wanna play the game. Yeah, let's do it.

(2h 10m 39s):
I think there should be differences. What? Like what But not so everybody should be treated the equally but everybody's not the same. So there are things that I have to think about specific for girls that I don't think about for boys. But I try, I always try my best to, to think about like, am I doing this because it's the safest choice or am I doing this just 'cause she's a girl? It is, It is both for me, I I, I'll give you an example. So my daughter when she was living with me would have to walk. She would've to walk three or four blocks to get to the house. There's a lot of sexual predators in the block. If she were a boy, I would've let her walk the four blocks because I would feel safe that my son could walk the four blocks without harm. I don't feel that she could walk those four blocks. So I'm treating her differently but not because, because I actually don't think it's safe.

(2h 11m 22s):
That's the kind of shit I'm So you didn't clear the whole block. Did you know The sexual predators? Like boys as well as girls too, Right? Yeah. Yeah. But but typically the bridge where I was living in Germantown, they weren't jumping boys, they were jumping girls. You know what I mean? It just wasn't a thing. And I feel I like my my son's chance to defend himself. Your name ain't carrying no kids. Well lemme let, lemme say, lemme say something. Can I say something real quick because I just thought of something. Yeah. When you're a strict parent, you tend to protect the girls more because the, the girls, if you're strict, the girls will go outside and look for that type of whatever.

(2h 12m 2s):
Whatever a man predatory men out there would do it would look for that in a man. I, I can't really explain it. It's crazy. But you, if you're a strict parent, you have to overprotect your daughter. I, to me don't think so. I don't think y'all do that Nigga. You can't just Protect your daughters Yo stop man. No. For if you be doing that shit. And that's how I be messing up like yo flip me sound is stupid 'cause you cut off mid shit stop. But I wasn't the only God protect your daughter. I don't give, my son is fine nigga they could do it. Nico could do run around, just can't do it. 'cause I said so and see that's the problem with me, period. But I think what Mark said just feeds into everybody's point. He said, yo, I'm parenting my daughter and my son differently based on the fear. Yeah. He keep doing it. He agrees and then he tries to act like he ain't agreeing. I I never said I didn't disagree.

(2h 12m 43s):
All I did was ask do you treat him different? It was just a question. I didn't say I disagreed at all. I didn't give a position. Y'all just assumed that I was gonna be different than y'all on this. And, and, but there are things that we probably do differ. For example, I wouldn't tell my son that he could have a a, a boyfriend slash girlfriend at a different age than my daughter. You get what I'm saying? Like I would say if the age of 16, the age of 16, I don't care who you are. If it's, if you can go to the party as a boy, you can go to the party as a girl. There are some things though again in terms of safety that I would be thinking about And it and it and it it it changes how you parent. Yeah. Each based on just that fear. So if I'm scared of my son going, I'm not scared of my son going on a date with a girl at 16. I'm fearful that my 16-year-old daughter is going on a date with a boy.

(2h 13m 26s):
So it it, It is going to change how I'm parenting each particular situation. And not just that knowing your kid, if you got a kid that's real that's easily impressionable or follow the leader type, you know you gonna have to be on them about certain shit. They succumb to peer pressure easier. Then you have other kids that stand in they shit and alright, I could, I could kind of let them, I know he's gonna do his thing. We fronting you. I'm not fronting not you. Oh nigga we scared for our daughters 'cause we know how we was when we was young. Exactly. And that's what I try to police myself. That's it like yo fam, we know how we were, we know what we was out here doing. We know what our homeboys was doing. We know what locker room talk is. Like we know what studio talk is like you don't want your daughter being the subject of the locker room talk and see, I know how she could just date Girls, one guy, she'll still be the, she can still be the talk of the locker room And and and that's the kind of stuff I try to tell.

(2h 14m 14s):
And If you're not monitoring your son properly, then you are inflicting that same harm on multiple people's daughters. Yep. True. That makes sense. And and that's the kind of shit I I'm, that's the kind of shit I'm always trying to say to myself, am I doing this for the right reason? And there's no perfect way to parent. But that's, that's the shit I think about. Like for example, like sex, right? I don't, a lot of times we tell, you know, our son's 15, 16 having sex, nobody's tripping. The girls like, you gotta protect your virginity, you gotta save your virgin. Even calling it virginity is a whole thing. Right. And and I don't, I don't want her to feel like it's that high stakes. Wait is it Calling the virgin What I don that's let's Okay, that's a whole other conversation. Got it. But the idea that, 'cause we typically don't do that for women. Like there's this thing that you have that once you lose it, you have less value anymore.

(2h 14m 56s):
Right. You're you're not clean anymore. You're not here. Nobody's, we're talking about a boy's virginity, Right? He's a virgin. Right. I mean we use it to tease each other, but in general, like it's a thing that women have that they can Oh yeah. We're Talking about. Yeah. That they can lose. So, 'cause dude that's I'm answering Chuck, so I'm saying like don't make your your, don't make your daughter feel like sex is the highest stakes thing in the world. That if she does it, she's fucked up for life. 'cause if she, if she fucks the wrong dude or had sex with the wrong dude early, you can make other choices later. But if you feel like it was so high stake, you already lost it, it's fucked up. It's over. Those are the kind of things you can do to make your daughter feel different. And so I always tried to have those conversations like, look, wait to have sex 'cause it's not healthy. It's not a good choice. You are not capable of having sex at a young age. You, you to to.

(2h 15m 36s):
Was that funny? Is that I'm kidding. Am I missing it? Wait, because I, I know my, I know my child's emotional wellbeing. Like you can't do it other people's kids. Some of them can, right? I could, it wasn't a problem for me but I know other people couldn't. So like I you Doing that journalist thing where you can't tell when people are falling asleep during, can y'all shut the fuck All I leave it alone, It and one more person needs our help. We don't have 40 minutes to help show. Oh, alright. Curiosity. Hey you guys, Hey that's the person's name. That's what they sent to that. Gotcha.

(2h 16m 17s):
So I've been on and off with this guy for five years. Never be official, but in both of our brains you couldn't tell us that we weren't. Every time we try to Make it, That's why you communicate with your daughter, daughter. So she don't walk around thinking like See that person. Right. Why you talk to your fucking kids? Go ahead. Every time we try to make things work, it seems to never work out. The last time we got into a really bad fight where he told me to and I quote die like my mother Jesus, rest, resting be Fucked. Go. Don't laugh, don't Laugh. It is wild.

(2h 16m 57s):
Go. You can't do that. You can't laugh. That hurts. She, that person Was hurt. I'm laughing at Mel laughing die like your mother is crazy. Crazy. Yeah. I wonder what she's did after. That's the, because that is fucking insane respect man. You still talk to him after that? That's Why I went, I'm waiting To hear it. Salute. RIP to her somehow it says that right here. I'm reading it still you. What's not really Uncommon nowadays, to be honest with you. Yo, y'all, y'all get up here act like wild shit. Don't get said during the fight. That shit ain't on shut. Shut the fuck up. Wild shit gets said during the fight. Cool. There's gotta be like, there's a deal breaker. Like there's something that somebody says where it's crossing the fucking line and that's the end. And personally for me, that would be the end. That would've be my end.

(2h 17m 37s):
That would be the End. Is it financial abuse? Bitch, keep reading for Real. Do you Keep reading? I'm asking because if you don't have a home to go to, We're not talking. Do you have a Home? Okay. She has not expressed that. Okay, this is on again off again. I'm, I'm going to go out on a limb and say they don't live together since they can't get a fucking relationship together. So let's go on RIP mom Somehow I'm still not 100% over him and I cannot hate him. I told myself I will never talk to him again. But deep down inside I cannot help but to think this was my person. See y'all be doing all that rapping for women. Shit. That's her person. Y'all tell her how to fucking, she don't Know what the Keep going.

(2h 18m 21s):
Is that the end? Yo. Oh shit. Don't be, don't say tall. How do you get over the delusion of love or in my case, maybe a twin flame. Go to fucking therapy. Thanks And Happy New Year. Something about let's start out with Mel for this second. Go ahead Mel. Go to therapy and go to therapy and read up on what self-esteem is because you lack it. Damn. Oh that's helpful to the person. That Why Yes. It it fucking, it's, it's helpful. I'm, this is tough love. That is what I'm saying. Go to therapy, discover what self-esteem is because you don't have it and you are slightly delusional. I Thought you don't believe in tough love Ma'am, When did I ever say that? Oh no, she about pertaining to children. She about to walk down. Okay, Maybe, maybe subject.

(2h 19m 2s):
Okay I got it because I could have sworn you said tough love when, when I was talking about tough love pertaining to kids at a point you said that tough love is not good. Oh yeah. If we're talking about children, that's, I just wanna make sure that's completely different. This is, this is an adult. Got it. Okay. Yeah. This is an adult that's So you don't care that that's a person. I don't necessarily think that that is her person. Y'all, I don't know. I'm I'm not in live, I'm not in A fucking relationship. Mythical ling. Do y'all think that somebody's person can't say something inappropriate in the heat of an argument? No. No that's not what I think. I I think that your per first of all, I don't believe in your person. Like there's this magical person in sky. This shit is what you make of it. You got 10 per persons. You could if I, if you 7 billion People on the fucking planet, you have A few persons and some and some of ain't gonna talk about you.

(2h 19m 44s):
I Mean if y'all are fast, Look all I'm saying is you can, you can say hurtful shit. Your person can do fucked up shit. If that was the only thing that person said, I wouldn't be like that's not your person. But if y'all been together all this time, y'all not official. Y'all never name it. And when you get in fights they say crazy shit like that. Maybe it's time to move on. That's all I'm saying. It doesn't sound like a healthy relationship. Hey girl dad. But we always go grab your daughter and hug her word. But we always wanna tell motherfuckers to move on and, but we be putting up with bullshit ourselves All doing bullshit. I stay out there. Listen Nigga on land man her daughter was getting hugs from dad. She still was fucking the cornerback bro. Look what her Mother her In the pickup truck. Look what her, her mom Was getting.

(2h 20m 25s):
She was her mom most of the time Your Hug ain't gonna stop her from getting slid in the back of a pickup truck. Y'all up here Lying. Yeah niggas is not up here lying Joe. Nigga It is not up here lying. I'm being quiet. That's, that screams daddy issues right there. That does sound like daddy issue. That Screams that shit. She searching for it with this nigga. I was saying that earlier. That's not necessarily true. Okay, we'll agree this it could, it could. No it could be true. I'm not saying that it can't be true but everybody's been in love in this room before. Right. Yeah. Your logic and all of this theoretical bullshit changes runs out the door when you are in love with somebody. So all of this playbook shit that we talking about in relationships and therapy and all that shit, that shit don't matter when a nigga is in love with.

(2h 21m 5s):
When you are in love with somebody they say mean shit, they do mean shit and you go back to them. Hey Ish. That's why They need the cold Water in they face when they don't, when they have them daddy issues they don't have that love. So they searching. I said that's a possibility. Putting too much shit On daddy. No I said that. No I said it's a possibility that they could have daddy issues but I'm saying but there are people that don't have them and they fall for men made mistake in a fucking tailpipe. You yeah you can. That's what I'm saying. Absolutely can. You Could not have daddy issues and say something in the heat of an argument that you didn't. This ain't Just saying something in the heat of an argument though. That's just one issues and that nigga can own your soul. This motherfucker said can own your soul. That's, I have been on and off with this nigga for five years. We've never put a title on it.

(2h 21m 46s):
That's the shit I'm talking about missing a lot of shit here. True. That's the shit you, you don, you don't get to fall in love. You missed a lot of shit on the way to falling in love. She's like yo. Yeah she's like at Yoyo that's the shit I'm seeing. I know we started laughing when she first said the five years shit laughing. That was the but my thought was where's your father my nigga. But you could be in love with somebody and absolutely and totally beat goofy dumb ass shit. You looking at yourself in the mirror knowing what the fuck am I doing? Stupid ass shit and continue to do It Is that don't that you no fucking help or you didn't have a daddy or you didn't have nothing. You in love with a Motherfucker. Yeah letting ice get his shit off. 'cause I don't think that ice got no fucking parent issues. Not seeing him fucking string a girl on for four years and no title.

(2h 22m 26s):
Everybody did that. I don't think that that necessarily speaks to daddy issues. The girl had the daddy issues. No he said the girls got the daddy issues. They let him do it. You trying To put it on Ice And we knew it. We, we all up here had fucked with girls with daddy issues. They knew we was getting it off on them ice. They were easier to yoyo ice. Yo Didn Didn't know. I thought they had Say though. I been pretty shitty. I've done it. I've done it. Not them Me too, not them me too nigga agree with peace. Terrible ice. You know a girl don't have a father, you could just get some shit off that you wouldn't get. What'd You think about the adopted bitches? Oh my god. Oh god. You get some shit off with them too. I'm asking a Question.

(2h 23m 7s):
Hate how adopted are they Like, like we talking foster care because that you get shit off. No, no this is what I'm saying. Yo mark the shit that they seen you get a lot of shit over there adopted. That's what I'm saying. Like I slept in bunk. That's what I'm, this is and I see them get the worst, the the worst treatment. You get your own room. I'm I'm not being fired. I'm saying they get the worst treatment. Didn didn't even say that My fault. They they get their own room at my house. Oh yeah. You know how that OJ you can get paid for shelter in them niggas. Oh Yeah You get a check. Niggas mad checks. You know Mel, this will sit well with our sister Mel. Yo, my home girl. Wait, whatcha talking about don't sit well with our sister. What's the Yeah Mel Say what you gotta say for the ladies?

(2h 23m 50s):
I said what I had to say If you she's not too happy about that fool. You don't be known from the rip. She ain't got her dad This telltale signs yo. It is so full of if you do shit, if you Allison the fuck are you talking about? Shit if you do y'all be knowing from the rips. Yeah Allison. Yeah. Yeah I talk, I'm not talking about them girls that was sticking the energy bottle in they asshole. That was a tell dead giveaway If you do shit right in front of them and you could get the shit off like oh that was, it wasn't like that. Mel go to Starbucks while we talk about it then. So she's mad about mad at it. I'm, I'm not. She gotta the women listen. No I'm, I'm processing if She's judging but I but I think yo wait hold up real Quick Mark.

(2h 24m 33s):
Because before those educational shit I'm wanna be ignorant for a little longer. You know my problem with y'all talking about the girls that have daddy issues and didn't come up with a dad and all of that Valid fair points nigga what the fuck dad? What nigga Niggas getting their shit off with the dad at the same house. A shit, shit I'm living how dad did it? He bought the two family put her in the basement. Nigga Got her. I still got her. It is you all your great father and ooh she's getting dropped off at 5:00 AM sucking it off. Spinning in the sink of the basement you bought nigga. What y'all talking about? Yeah, yeah, sorry.

(2h 25m 14s):
Yeah, yeah. Sorry. Is ninjas out there to get around that? That's why the whole season of Landman, he was fucking that little football player up Nigga South, south Orange And Maplewood catch dads. Yeah it be girls that come from good daddy. Quality homes still get busy. I'm chamber that house, that's When the house, I'm the man when I walk out household too households I was in there like this. Yeah shit. Talking daddy like shit, shut the fuck up dad. I'm leaving. It was him. No, They talking to dad like that Daddy Issues. No, they were saying Yes sir, no sir. Lying to dad And They was lying saying that they going to spend the night at Kim's house. The strict dad. Fuck. And they was dipping outta Kim door.

(2h 25m 54s):
'cause Kim's dad might not have been the greatest or Kim's mom might not have been the greatest and was popping off man. They Was fucking, I'm not talking about ho in dad's bed. I'm talking about looking for love, going for the bullshit. I'm not talking about the hoes. I, That's two different things bro. Putting sneakers on for making no clarification. I Thank you for that. I, I don't know that I, I know It is, It is definitely two different things. I don't know that I can all that's just being sneaky. Being Ahoe is not the one that's out here running, searching for love in any man or whoever just shows her some attention. Not, she didn't get it. Just Say you couldn't do your numbers when she had a dad. That's it. Just say you ain't do your numbers when she had a dad talking to you and Mark, Mark, Don't even answer you and dad tonight to you niggas.

(2h 26m 38s):
Yeah, I was getting around that nigga. Hey, dad was, she was in my curfew. Mark was the genius one too. Yo, he walk in the house, nigga. Dad or no dad, nigga, mark get his shit off, nigga. He'll talk to parents into letting the girl come over. Right. Me too. I wasn't that kid, but nigga, I wasn't That guy. I'm not about to do, Y'all ain't do nothing. There's to fight about, did y'all have any advice for her, by the way? Did y'all have advice? She need therapy. I I I think walk away from this relationship. Yeah. Healthy. It is not a Relationship. Right. It is a relationship. It is a situation. Whatever this is the situation Ain't, it's A relationship. I don't think it's the healthiest, but I think communication is pivotal. Oh My God. Enough of this educational podcast.

(2h 27m 19s):
Bullshit. Are we giving advice? Advice. Not shut the fuck up about y'all educated him. Yo, what's Your advice? What's your advice? Advice to curiosity. Your advice. You give some advice. What you, A woman that he comes to for his convenience. You are a Door. You Are a door match. I got a problem with that too. That's Not true. Y'all on these moral high ground, act like some of these situation shit don't serve you. Yes. And then when y'all get on your fucking social, social, shut the fuck Up. But even if it served you enough, even if it serves you, Go get your person. If it serves you, it doesn't change the fact of what It is because hold on. He could be her person, but that, that's not, that's not necessarily mean that she's his person then that ain't your person. Exactly bro. Y'all then that ain't your person.

(2h 27m 60s):
If my daughter come home like, well, hey, he's my person, but I'm not his. Get the fuck outta there. That ain't your person. You Think she gonna listen to that? Y'all Listen to that. That'll stop her outta here. I'm, I'm not, I'm not. And you a good dad. I'm get outta there. I'm not saying that. And Niggas is, niggas is bugging my nigga. He could find just as much solace in shorty as she finds in him. Y'all. I've had plenty of those. I've had plenty of those situations. I've had situations where It is casual or where the person wanted more than I wanted and it was situation shit for me. They were in love. All that. I'm not saying I've never been in those situations. Don't Worry. We talk about it in the 12 years, 13 years. Talk about it again with all y'all good father and asses. I Mean, my kids is grown, my daughters grass. What I'm, I've watched it happen. You know what I mean? I've watched them pick bad dudes.

(2h 28m 40s):
I've watched em pick good dudes. And like you said, the communication is important 'cause I've been at least able to talk to them about that shit. That's it. Did they listen to me? Fuck no. They Don't have to. There's no Guarantee they're gonna listen. They didn't listen ever. But, but it would've been worse if I hadn't been there. Thank You. That's all I'm saying. Alright. Thank you for that. I can do anything. Take a look. Reading book reading Rainbow, God damn it. Oh yeah, that, that right there is exactly why I left school. Why you just gonna learn on reading Rainbow? Like enough of somebody up there trying to educate me for too long and I can't move around.

(2h 29m 24s):
I can't sit still with all of this bullshit y'all are talking about. I got a sleeper. I got a sleeper somewhere. Alright, rest in peace. PnB Rock. I'm going. PNB dj Luke Nasty. This record is called High PnB Rock.

(2h 30m 27s):
And I'll be on my fucking roll up. I pull up to you guys. See that's my, your face. Show me just how much you miss me. Come take off all this. I got what? You need me back? Hello? I can't you, we take off.

(2h 31m 33s):
We, because I rest In peace. PnB Rock going but not forgotten. Just high. Just that's PNB and DJ.

(2h 32m 14s):
Nasty. That record is called High Rest in peace. PB. That was dope. Rest In peace. Peace. P and b. I love what happened when rappers found that sample. Yeah. Love. What happens when rappers listen to music? They, they, They body that flip too. Yeah. No, it's fine. All right, I'm gonna go to Brooklyn with this one. This is First Quarter by Ryan Witherspoon Coming off a clean stretch nigga Feeling Like the best nigga just snowing Tonight.

(2h 33m 1s):
You here Jackson Hill, know what the fuck going on and talk my shit. Yeah. I caught a wave and I ain't going backwards. Looking for results nigga. I'm number four and after about to be my greatest chapter out in Brooklyn, like King Tut, I really snatch up Cleo. Patrick, keep her close. Put your girl up in that ghost. You won't ever see her nigga look up at the stars. And now she's talking about she dreaming bigger. Like for me like that I'm living it could bring jealousy. I'm the chosen one, so you better pray for my enemies always in the back, in the back. Like I'm on MMG. You can take a look in my life and get the game for free. Chef Curry dirty on my wrist.

(2h 33m 41s):
Come get the recipe. Catch me at the garden nigga. I could trip the referee. And that's the subtle flexes. Sudden text Tex. I haven't seen her for a while. I think she moved to Texas. I just seen her latest pictures. She still wear a necklace trying to keep in touch like She ain the message. And that is the First Quarter freestyle by Ryan Witherspoon. So real quick. Yeah, A little quick, quick joint. I'm going to Pittsburgh.

(2h 34m 21s):
Rest in peace. Mac Miller. This is Rick's piano. Josh? Yes. Knock knock. Who's there? Rick Rubin. Rick Rubin. Who? Rick. Roman's piano. Yes. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wake up. Wake up.

(2h 35m 3s):
Open up your eyes. I told you Wake up. Wake up. All of y'all are still bitches. But the smell just in place of your makeup. Makeup. The best is yet to come. Yeah. What? What? Yeah. ETS not dead. Just a little bit faded. Please don't gimme any credit. That's how people get jaded. Please don't nod your head and please don't tell me I made it. 'cause people start to get worse once they think they the greatest. The best is yet to come. This is Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. I told her it would get better soon.

(2h 35m 44s):
I probably should have told her when she was in a better mood. She looking at me like anyone except for you. I had to go to California. She wish said I never moved. Said baby. The best is your true car. Yes. Wonder if bla mice even want to see. I wonder if the deaf father ever hear his daughter scream. Is there a heaven? Can you see the god in me? I don't know. Probably. But for now, keep waiting because Is it who Comes? Yeah. And I wonder if the truth come with a song and if it do, will we ever get to sing along?

(2h 36m 29s):
Spend her paycheck on that lingerie? She's scared to put it on. She never let her boyfriend see her in a th But The best is yet true. This is, I shot myself on my birthday, fell into the ocean, listened to their voices. I was lost in the commotion. None of us have chosen not forgive them for their ignorance, but what's a man gotta do for a little bliss?

(2h 37m 12s):
What, what? What is this like Rest in peace. Mac Miller. That is Rick's piano off his new album Balloon Rest in Peace, which is out now big Ish.

(2h 37m 57s):
I'm going to a young lady's name is ELENA and the song is called Golden New Ice and Edge. You Walk pin drop in the come On your knees. Tell me name reasons I wanna see got you on the mo when you're living in the morning.

(2h 38m 38s):
Cause commotion I you, when you Come a I play, I wanna feel you got you in the mo when you're leaving in the morning, you like a sunrise.

(2h 39m 50s):
I can See that. I, So That is golden by ELENA.

(2h 40m 56s):
A vibe. Big mouth. Mine is called RIPCORD by Greek. I thought I what? You I don can't I run away from everybody Watch me go.

(2h 42m 15s):
Like could I ever love you if Love it could I I the time away I today these days I can't, I can't do this shit, this shit, This shit That is RIPCORD by Greek.

(2h 43m 50s):
I fuck with that. Who, who was that Greek? No. Whose sleeper was that? Belly come on. A few things. Oh Yeah, you go fix your face up when I'm talking to you now I'm I'm, you have to be defensive. I'm star with some dab. I'm starting with all nice things to say. Okay Mel, have you seen the, the graphic of you and the pink onesie dunking on everybody that they said is Mel Once you get the aux court, have you seen that? You did because you commented on it. You did. No, I retweeted it Actually. You retweeted it and left a little comment Ki Kiki.

(2h 44m 30s):
I laughed. I didn't know what it was ki I had no idea what it was about though. Mel don't be knowing none of the s slang or nothing. They say when you get the augs, that's what you do. You be dunking on people. Which leads to my next question. Ish. Ish. Look at me, my brother. Do you feel any way about Mel coming for your sleeper title this year? No. No. Do you recognize that she is attempting to come for your sleeper title? No. You don't recognize it? I don't. That's why you my man forever. They can't tell me nothing about you. He don't even See that. He don't, you don't feel it for real, seriously serious question. You don't feel nothing.

(2h 45m 10s):
You don't feel heat. Do you feel like you're coming for the sleeper title? No. No. I think that collectively we all have such a high appreciation for music that this is the way that we get to express it. But one person got the sleeper title by the fans and that was Ish for last year. Okay. It seemed like you trying to break a back to back run for him. I'm, I'm Really You going hard this year with the sleepers? No. You killing shit. Another Pound. You killing shit. Thank you. I appreciate that. I appreciate That. That joint right there. I'm gonna throw that on the Sonos. Hey that that joint right there. I'm turning all the Sonos on in the crib when that come on. You hear me now?

(2h 45m 50s):
It was cute. Alright, one more question for the room. It's been a rather serious pod. That's good. I could tell when Mark get Adderall in the system that It is fine. That nigga just get to talking my daughter. Well no I think the dad should We good dad. And another thing about Donald Trump Ish actually not Ish the rest of the room, okay, A few weeks ago I told y'all I was gonna go get the count on how many times Ish has said my man's, Oh I'm dying for this stat In the last year. I'm dying for this stat. The numbers are in, oh Shit, The numbers are in. So my distinguished cast. How many mans does Ish have? Would anyone like Toti bet on the amount of times Ish has said my mans in the past In the calendar year.

(2h 46m 40s):
Calendar It is been years 675. I gotta know All. We got a 6 75 from Parks three 12. We have a three 12 from Ice Two 40. We have a two 40 from Mark. 4 32. We have a 4 32 from Mel. Flip is not here at the moment. You said seven plus Ish can get a guess on his own shit. Of course. Wait, Corey, you might Know. Hold up this counting Pat too. Okay. Corey doesn't know Count. Pat What you said? I said 4 32. No, these are just episodes. Okay. Just regular episodes. Just me. I'm keeping my notes. Oh hold on. Lemme change it back There. Main episode. Oh, okay then I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go 175.

(2h 47m 29s):
Anyone else? I'm gonna lower. This is audio my Based on Patreon too. Yeah, I'm at, I'm at 300, 3 12. I'm gonna drop the 200. That shit. Yeah, it's only just main pods than drop to 200. He's got more bands on Pat. I'm keeping my number 2 65. You not back. Three 17. I said three 12. I'm Gonna put 2 65 of it's just main pods. You ready? Plus 400. You ready? Yeah, of Course. Yo, let's go In the past calendar year. Grand. Oh no. Flip is here. Flip. Let's get a guess. Let's get a guess from you. What you asking? How many times in the, the Past, how many times has Ish said main pod?

(2h 48m 10s):
My man's main on the main pod. Main pod only About 500. 500. Drum roll please. In the past calendar year Ish has said my man on the main pod 1047 times what? Get the fuck out. Fuck that. Fuck. I should have kept my 4 32 I think should have come on 6 75. That's Like 10 times episode. Yeah, that, that, that's what I did. The math. I don't say my man's 10 times a day. What? How did you do the math? It's Not fair. How many times do you think you said per episode? I don't, I don't say it every episode, but I nah, you definitely say it every episode but like once, once or twice.

(2h 48m 52s):
I, I I I did It is It is two episodes a week. Okay. Times 52 weeks. It is 104. It's hundred Ish episodes a week. I'm saying he don't say 10 times the episode. Yeah, He Might, I think he says it more. I Don I think he says At least four to five times that. No, I don't, I give him more than that. When we, when we question he say my man five times within a sentence within, within a topic. And I'm not arguing. I'm just telling you what the That's funny number what they come back with. All of you guys are low. It's 1040 something. I would've never, God's Crazy. That's my man. You got a lot of mans. You got a lot of mans. It's my mans in them. Y'all sleep on How many mans you got? Yeah man, you, You got a lot of mans yo.

(2h 49m 35s):
Gotta respect the friendship word. The brothers Them two. Alright, good show. Oh, I thought this was nevermind. Really educational, informative show. We thank y'all. Thank y'all man. Shout to the journalist Couldn. We couldn't have done it without you, man. Shout to all your wisdom, all of your fact checking the research required to come in. Come on man.

(2h 50m 15s):
Stop playing with 'em out there. Ah, big doctor. Come on man. Y'all put the light up in the air real quick man. If you got one A little bit Up a little bit there We on. Keep us in Your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time I bid you. And do feel well.

(2h 50m 57s):
Adio, Cereba, Darci, hostile of star Staris. So long. Goodbye or simple head novel suffice. Remember, life is a series of moments and moments pass. So let's make this one last as if it's all we have man, we save prayers for the people inside and outside the rooms. Shout out to the people out there. Gone through tough times. You can make it.

(2h 51m 38s):
But all we Have to do is persevere. All We have to do is continue To be strong. These next four years will try Us. But we just gotta come together as the people in Parks. Hey get Billy Joel on him. Yes sir. Shit. Burned the shit outta my finger. What y'all got going on for the week? Anything funny? Anything interesting? Alright. Is it anybody's birthday? Is there anything I need to know about y'all? Come on. What's up? Talk to me. Talk to me. Nah, I Have nothing Interesting. Yo, we praying for y'all In Atlanta. In Houston. Y'all got two inches of snow. Orleans got Snow too. Wanna walk it back? Y'all Nigga said wasn't gonna be no more snow And Day later, well y'all, if y'all call that snow then I will walk it back.

(2h 52m 27s):
It Was, it was, it was snow was I said snow that requires some shoveling and stuff. And y'all said yes. I didn't shovel anything. I didn't say you Would have to do. I didn't shovel. Shovel shit. Didn't say I went outside, started my Maybach, hit the clicker rock, hit the road. I had to hit the turns a little softer because you know Yo. Is that real wheel drive? Huh? Is that real wheel drive? It is. Oh shit. I can get them big cars. Yeah. Yeah It is that real wheel drive. But I went out and got me a ribeye. Drove, drove slow. It was empty outside. See I Love it. Any earthly conditions outside of catastrophes, like what went on in la but any earthly conditions that keep you fucking criminals.

(2h 53m 7s):
Scammers and dirty heathens inside the house. While I'm trying to enjoy a good rib eye, I'll take it. Sorry. Dear Chappelle, hit that on the edge. We love you each And every one of you out There. We'll be back, same time, Same Place next week. Take it up on them.

(2h 53m 48s):
Remember the Nazis are empowered. The racists have all the money and there's some people that want to keep you stagnant as a people. Grab you amali, ecstasy. You gonna need it? You might need it. Oh Man. Next season of America, 2025 is officially upon us. Be careful. Rest in peace. George Carlin we going man. We love you.

(2h 54m 33s):
No J-P-J-B-P without the Jbp Mitch Girl.