
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only. I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own Enjoy the show. I'm happy. come on man. I don a fuck. you Know Y'all put that grandfather shit on. We haven to see me, nigga, my man. I love you nigga. We have press to record, but we have, We good now. Thank you for that.


I'm happy to see us too. I'm, I'm happy to see you. The nigga got out, got out of a bet or tried to, even though we let that go. We didn't. We'll get to it later up. Start right With it. I mean, let everybody know that I did receive a cash app 20 minutes ago. Come on. I did receive a cash app 20 minutes ago for $1,000. Let's go. Oh, you had to wait to get your money out. You would think that That would, you would think that that would've sat satisfied me but it didn't. Why Not? Why not? Yeah. I want to know if it was close.


I, I do too. I want to know three if I should been, if I should have been sweating toward the end. Let's dog pile this. No, honestly, we got scales and I don't And don don't think, I don't think I'm out bounds for wanting to know you Not. No, We know, we know. Mel wanna know. Mel wanna know for her own selfish reason. I don't give a fuck about Ish weight, but I do want to know if he was close to not having to pay. How close were you Ish? Honestly, Yeah. I'm not gonna ask you to get on a scale 'cause I'm a man but I Probably was like 10, 12 pounds off and then I just start saying, fuck it Nigga. You like a come on here. come on, come on Man.


I like it. I like it. come on. I pod word nigga. Fuck It. I don't like how you left the last pod. That Was fine. That was, that was fine. And you was leaving for vacation? That was, I was foal as as a friend. Can you never do that to me again? Alright, Because I heard y'all a little, little, little, Little. When he not here. Huh? Little. No, I'm talking about heard your little podcast. Yeah. I little segment. Sound like my wife. Your wife. Call your thing little Yo yo. come on Ish. Yo. What's up with you? Doggy said it. That's not what he was saying. The podcast. The podcast Ish. No, I heard y'all made up story. Why Did Exaggerate story?


What was made up about it? Alright, first of all, I forgot that we didn't take pictures. Typically we take pictures, you know what I mean? Kind of early. I forgot all about that. But we took it the same exact time. We always take it at the end of the bar. Is this nigga high? I wanna get to the made up part. And we Would have reminded you had you not said, Hey, I'm going to the bathroom. I'll be right back. I feel bad That I just applauded an honest PO Take. And he followed it right back up with some Bullshit. Don't Irish goodbye me. That's what it's called. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Don't Irish goodbye. Why did You, do you went, did you go to the bathroom for real or did you Pee? Did you pee? I thought he was just dropping the juice. I walked right in the bath, me and Joe. And then walked right to the exit Dog.


I walked in the bathroom. Joe's like, y'all quick something, something, something, Something. Joe was outside waiting for you to get outta the bathroom. Got It So Joe And walked to the front door. Oh. As I walked to the bathroom, Joe and I were walking together. Joe walked to the front door. I made a left and went in the bathroom. What the hell does That have to do with him leaving? Because He said Oh nothing. Ask you a question. We get To the Yeah, come on. come on. We gotta show. Did You dap anybody up before you say yo, I'm out. No one person, anybody? No. All right then. So we are, do we typically dap everybody up every day when we leave? Pretty much. Yeah. Yeah. We don't. Not me. No we do not. No. Y'all might run out, Dos leave here and not say no, no. Goodbye to Not one person at least. Yo. Yo, I'm out. Hey day So.


I lying. No So. I and a nigga leaving for vacation. I that So I you at the age where you should be able to say, yo, I was on bullshit. Corey pointed out. Yo, just say you come on. Leave It without saying goodbye to Nobody. We do that up here. We do that daily. We do that. We don't yo y'all It is we don't do it before pictures. Stop it. Stop it. You don't. No, no, no. I didn't say you right about that. I said leave the premises without saying yo, I'm out. I'm out. I'm, we don't do that daily. I disagree buddy. I disagree. Disagree Too. Yeah, me too. Well You guys say bye. Must be Yeah and a you don't say peace out every Day. I used always say peace Right here. you know, because you be gone already.


I would Feel better about it if he had to dip out. 'cause he was running late for a flight. Nigga bounced to get a acure. Yo one. That's not like you are wild boy. You on bullshit. You wild. You can tell when niggas get paid the big bucks. Look at that nigga. You can do whatever you want. Fuck yo fam. First off. That's, that's not what took, how you know where the fuck I went Johnny? But we got him. We Got him. How I went up the street? You said you guys go to the same right. We don't go to the same manicurist but It Is cool. Well When I was looking around. Frantically waiting for you to take the pick. I said he was, Hey he was It is just still in the bathroom. And they would and we checked and he was like, he oh.


They was like he's not here. And then somebody said he did say he had to run and get a manicure real quick. And I said, you're not telling me that Ish left here to go get a manicure. No, he was, he was visibly perplexed. And nigga walked back and forth. He was Shot because I can't understand that. He was like on the nigga left. Swear. Because I know what he was saying to me when we went to dinner. Them times like, So, I, You can't do that. I know. Alright. Can't You better? Yeah. You straighten it up, dog. I'm ready. I'm well rested. You in the best shape of my life. I'm Nigga Mr. Allman. No, we happy to see you. The community thought that you left the pod. 'cause I tweeted that first the Fat Boys breakup and they were visibly disturbed about it.


I'm happy to see you. I'm happy to see him too man. I'm happy to see you. Noise man. Welcome, welcome. Mel up in this piece. Joe. Am I right? Yeah. I couldn't be better. What's up with the legs? I've never seen you wearing such pedestrian. Pedestrian. Let's just be friends. 99%. You throw me off. What kinds are those? You say? Well, 30 fours. He say 34 is really 28, 30. I'm fitting. Look, 30 ones I'm fitting in them motherfuckers too. 30 ones don Don't know man. I got a jean drawer now. So I just went in there. It's Weird.


I got a jean drawer and a sweat drawer. That's, that's what I got until I find where everything else is. Okay. I'd be fucked up in the house looking for socks. Good luck. Good luck. I don't know where shit is in the house, but We gonna talk about that soon. For sure. Boy am I peeved. Big mail up in the building. Hey. Hey. How you feeling? Okay. I'm feeling amazing. Good. I'm glad. Thank you When. you feel amazing. The pod is amazing. I feel amazing. Who do you Good to see you. I'll give you 30 minutes at any point today to leave out and come back in your killer Mike outfit. Wait, what Now? Nobody knows what I'm talking about. No need. Don't sound like I'm even saying something that's foul.


But I ain't. I know you aren't, But So just know that from me to you. At any point today, You can go leave 'cause you put the outfit on for Ray and kill a mike. And then I did. And then, and then some hitters got scheduled. That's the thing about them. JBP guess you never know who coming up in this motherfucker. You never know. Gotta be on your game. You never know. Woo. Who's gonna be fine day? I'm good. I I'm fixing Tickets. Go ahead. Fixing get them tickets. No, they sit. They sit in there. Hey all. Yeah, they're good. Alright. Ice flip Parks. Y'all good? Chill. I'm great man. you know either.


Yeah. You got secret of secret guests coming and she knows you. Good. Well she didn't know till 20 minutes ago she'd have came in in a bikini if she knew. Bullshit. Well cool, cool. We found out It is she'd have came in and Lulu Lemon's finest. Oh, had you know what was going on Today? Boy, She'd have left this fucking army. Girl. Look, I'm an army girl. Alright, got a Really good show lined up for you guys today. Let's start with some inspiration. Let's See here. Oh, friends Of other races you could joke around about race and it's out of love, right?


Like my best friend in the world is a black comedian and We talk with each other all the time. We try and go as hard as possible at each other. Like the other day he tried to get me, this is what he tried. He was like, he goes, white people steal everything. You guys never come up with anything catchy on your own. And I'm like, I get it. Rock and roll. And he goes, nah, I bet you getting in one thing that white people came up with that's catchy that black people like. And I was like, don don't know man. The n word's pretty Catchy. What? Hey He got us.


He got us. I was stumbling. I saw it. I was like, hey, He did it. Mic check. 1, 2, 1 2. Mic check. 1, 2, 1, 2. August is moving fast. Hey Leos, get the fuck out the way real nigga. Season is upon us. Here go so happy. Y'all could be here with us today man. Always for the ladies. Always for the ladies to wherever you might be listening from everybody in the car right now up.


Put it on the big what? Hey with with me now big man. Hey Here in the time When.


you be here To me. Be here. Oh man. Nigga Shout all the parents listening out there. All mill out there. Hey, in the gym right now. What up? What up? What up? What up? All the comedians. LeBron, we gonna get to you two nigga. Everybody with the LEDs on the tv. Light in the air. Light The air Nigga.


Alright Lemme turn this down. Talk to my cast. How y'all doing? How y'all feeling? Feeling good man. Feeling good. It's what up. How's your trip? Are you tan? I can't tell. Seriously, I'm not joking. Macadamian ain't. What do you say when your girl want to, when your girl want to go Babe come telling with me the next seven hours right here. Hot. It was hot. It was like a hundred degrees. You wasn't standing out there Got it. That shit was Annoyingly hot Though. White people like when it's a hundred degrees they do. Yeah we be outside. I know I don. That shit was different.


Okay Listen some are smooth vibes man. Grow the sex. Previous owner put speakers all over the house. This my vibe. That's how I'm feeling. Is what up? What up? Listen man, Baby, my love I got a new appreciation for people that handle things with care. I love that shit. Hey previous owner had some care speakers home with me. Oh my god boy he left in a hurry. He left in a hurry nigga.


you know what I mean? All the ladies out there taking care of they skin with a nice face be. come on now. Hand looking right. Nail looking right. Philly. What upc what up be more what up? ODB la. What's good Atlanta? What's up be the end of the month. You heard?


Emptying out the clip. Pause The baddies is feeling me out there. I do it for the baddies man. That the ugly holes that pretender don don't do it for y'all. I don't do it for the chicks that just got off the porch got their first Chanel bag, the little tiny one that they outside all day now. Hey, I mean I do it for the chicks in the Bronx apartment with man Chanel bags. Let me know you dated some real niggas before me baby. I don't wanna be the first. Hey Some of y'all know he Feel me? Yeah, yeah. What's up nigga?


Look I wish y'all that means shout ladies and our wives faithful black and white man. Alright, We gotta start. We gotta start.


It's not for y'all right now, man. Y'all head to the bar y'all to the bar right now man. Get me a yak. Hey bro. Yeah, this When I hit my Carl Thomas in the club. That is When. I used to do RB set. What'd you say? What's the call Thomas? Yeah, nigga gonna have to go Thomas, I promise. RB setting speed. I used to really show up back then. Alright, come on. I promise. Last one. All right we ready?


I promise. I gotta a really good show lined up for y'all today. I swear. I swear I do. I swear I do. Hey shout To all y'all niggas trying to get your bitch back at the end of the summer. Man. She come back. Yeah, she come back. You come back about to get cold. She done did a fucking already though. She coming back with about six plus bodies. July. July was moving slow. You broke up with your bitch. She was in the, at the Olympics. She in front of the Eiffel Tower dad. Yeah. Oh my God. It's tough for y'all nigga. I see some baddies out in Paris and I seen some niggas crying. I pray that DJ just that bitch in the club with Tom Brady.


Nigga you should have paid the phone bill like she answered to. Alright man. Best podcast in the whole wide world and the world wide web. Let's hit the applause. Let me get these drops out the way real quick so they know what the fuck is going on in here.


Flip and Mel. Mel, Mel. All right ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our very esteemed broadcast. So happy to have each and every one of you here. Not all of y'all. I'm not happy to have all of you here. Some of y'all are hate listeners, but I'm here for y'all too. What the fuck is this on the mic? Somebody got some food on Shit you Nigga. Same me. Somebody be sitting on my mic when y'all be letting flip. Hold my shit. Pause. Why pause if I'm like that? If you like what? Huh? We discussed this before. Like that future song like that. What do you mean? Like what? Like that bisexual? No nigga. Watch your fucking mouth.


I'm sorry. I'm gonna fuck you up in here. How long it took me to get to bisexual? Rumors off me. Nigga still in my inbox trying to take me shopping. You said a nigga that you met. Shit. You said nigga, you said the nigga that tried to bag you. It is cool. Listen, if I ain't have enough clothes, shit would be tempting. Hey, I could dangle a carrot in front of one of these niggas. Oh right. Quick carrot. You gonna dangle? Huh? What carry you gonna dangle? He asked. I could pretend. Start dangling the wrong carrot. Hey nigga, what's up? I like steak nigga Louis. What the girls do? Listen man. Welcome to episode then 7 48. Welcome to episode 7 48 of the Joe Button podcast. I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, highly favored host Joe button here with some really amazing people to my right, the beautiful, the intelligent, the so happy to be here.


Host Melyssa Ford is in the building. Makes some noise. Hootie. Who? Hootie. Who hoo Who? See I James Bre. Huh? Next to her queen's Flip Queens is finest in the building. Make some noise for him. Big flip. Big flip. Fresh back from fucking Perry or Portugal or Africa or wherever he was at. Big Ish. Big Li back. Make some noise. Big freeze Muslim spins. Y'all been asking all week. Who fucking recruited Brittany Renner. You guessed it. Big ice. Big ice. Got it done big ice. We got big Parks in the building.


El Myra's finest. Ian is here. Corey is here. PO is here. Monte is here. Ericson is here. How's everybody doing? How's everybody feeling? Last but certainly not least each and every one of you guys are here. Talk to me. What's the vibes? What's the vibes? Ish. How's the trip? 50 50. Actually that shit will make you feel poor. So that's bad. But the overall experience was fine. Don don't know if it's all the way bad. When you feel poor Dog. Them niggas got D. Inspiration. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's inspiring but it's a different type of money. Niggas out there with the six wheel gwas ones with Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Look the back to back Bugattis right outside the Monaco casino that James Bond had to, they had chips, They had to flat.


Yeah. You know my poor black ass. You come back home scratching your head. Yeah, It is different. It's some other shit. The yachts and shit was out there. Yachts. I'm asking my nigga I wasn't there. I was in them short. Nigga, my nigga, them shit's super yachts. Yeah. The other yachts not This shit. But. yeah. Like New York got some little Hudson shit. Not that you went to Monaco. Yeah I did the whole Riviera. So yeah, that shit is just, look, you go to Monaco, they got yachts, then you go to Niet, they got yachts. Then you go to Cons, they got yachts. Then you go to San tro pe and it's like yo. All right. Put all that other shit to bed. Yeah. Yeah. We playing over here. San Tro PE was, that shit is different. Where were you at seeing these things? Where was I at? Just walking nigga.


I wasn't yachting. That's for damn sure. Like nigga. Nigga, if you ain't rent the yacht, nah you ain't do it. I had my, my baby with me. Like it's just, you gotta play different as a parent, didn't you? If it's just me and my girl, then you vacation different. You was just out there on some like dad shit like cornball shit. Some Family. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Some corn Family shit. They flossed on my man. No arguments. Arguments with what? No. Any trip arguments. Me and my girl. Yeah. Hell yeah. What yo women spend money like that shit is just a joke. Especially, Especially on Victory. That Shit shit's different. Yeah. Like that shit is different. What's wrong with them? But how can you check them? you know my girl, my girl listens to my damn near listens to y'all.


I think she think I'm rich too. I think she think I'm rich too. Like yo F. you know that's, it's a show like Dog just mad shit. Just book this book and then girls be Instagraming so they'll show you yo the 10 blessed places to go to on the French Riviera. Yeah. TikTok could get you in trouble. Nigga went to some Hidden Beach yo lunch nigga the lunch was 500 Euros. You like yo fan? Which what? Bring that down. Bring that down for, for for Us. Does that sound like how much lunch should be? How much is 500 Euros? Man, I'm from why 600 something? Whatcha you talking about? Fuck. Fuck is you talking about? You on vacation. That means that your, your date or your partner or your wife or your girl is gonna drink more than she do at home.


No, she gonna want to taste more things. It wasn't that You can do at home. This was regular shit. You out your mind. Look at Ian, Ian, rich, Ian, He ain gonna He ain spend nothing's Different. Ian is, He's different. He's different drink. They'll drink wine. Ian is also Crack. Yo, you idiots? Huh? You got tea? Your Dog. This ain't dinner. This is a lunch so hold on. Gonna dinner. So in the midst of her ordering Things, I make my girl go to sleep after lunch. Wait, hold on. I have two questions for the night after 600 lunch for sure. In the midst of her ordering things, you realize that no because you don't see the prices on the menu. It's market.


That's the China. Yeah, that's where you should was out. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That's where you should be. They don't have prices on the menu On a mail. Excuse me? They don't have prices on the menu. Yeah. So how you know how much This shit costs? You Don't because you're not supposed to give a shit Market price. Yeah. Fab said throw it in the bag nigga. You don't Look, I'm not fab. No, me either. My girl think I'm f don. Don't rap. The fuck you talking about Fab. What? What is none of that? None of what is the When you with your significant other? What is the budget? What's your plan? Budget? Because poor people playing. Yeah, we, we gonna spend, right, we're gonna spend 5,000 on this trip. Like what's a budget for you Joe? It's Unlimited. Poor people are not going to the places that Itch was going. They going to the, it's not true. They going to the all inclusive. They scam And get there.


There we go. All dang. They scam. They going to the all inclusive. Some facts somewhere in fucking Puerto Rico. That's what you said, Facts. Yeah. Cool. Facts Going trips. Where It is going. The trips that I'm scared of. The trips that come with trips. Like When, you get to the trip, you gotta take another trip. Take a boat. Yeah, take a jet, take another boat. That's my, I hate them Trips. That shit is nuts. Like we stayed in four different hotels though. It is a lot. Yo, that shit, I was just, you Sold a lot of T-shirts my nigga. I didn't sell any T-shirts. You Sold a lot of T-shirts. So y Nigga did you go There with, you sold a Lot of shirts. Did you go there with a certain budget in mind? Ish? No, I didn't book any. Exactly. This is what happened. Didn't book nothing. Wait An wait, don't talk over. I'm answering but We want to highlight the answer.


You Said no. So there was no budget. No budget. Whatever It is, it's up. I didn't book it. That's some rich shit. That is, I didn't book it. Yeah, I I ain't to answer him. I didn't book him. But Whoever booked, you didn't give him a budget. That's What I'm saying. I know that's a, that's a first and the last. Damn what nigga bro. You don't understand yo. Nope, don't understand. You spell like a 30 piece. What's wrong with your man? Yo, what's wrong with your man Son Now you eating up. You eating up. Hey yo. You can tell you got talent man. You can tell when he do this you that he Smell like that. That nigga came back dressed like he just ran a foot that big. Oh no. Kicked his ass out. He kicked his as, you know how he kicked his As I'm gonna tell you issued me this morning.


Yo, pick me up and ride in with you. I'm like all right. He had a job site. Damn. I was like, oh you got back to it fool. So I Bet she ain't come back looking like she ran nothing. No, she kicked. She came back and dripped out. Yeah she did. It had And you gotta go shopping. Yeah. No you don't. Yeah. Yes you do. Yes you do. When, You gotta go shopping. Yes you do. come on man. Yes you do. Pick up that little souvenir. Pick up that little souvenir at the airport. That's, that's a magnet. It's a magnet picture frame. This ain't Florida. No, we Oh Shit. Ma'am, We're in the French Riviera. Talk to him. Yes the fuck we are going shopping. Talk to him Or I am Really ma'am.


Absolutely. Mel go and she bringing the drone. Yes, yes, yes. I wanna capture all This shit. Fortunately none of This shit had any effect on you because you just cop how to walk in a room. What about it talking about The book. You just cop the new book reading shit on 'em niggas how to walk in a room. And it was all different types of rooms. I asked before you left, so this book should have prepared your broke ass for When. you can't niggas with the yachts and then the diamonds You can't get prepared and the Bugattis and all that shit come out, bro. That shit is different. I'm not lying. That shit is different. Like I've been some shit. That shit. What do you do when the the real money niggas come out?


Like I go home. Like what do y'all do? Keep Him walking. Just walk, just Keep on walking with your head down. Right? Nah, You, it's, it's levels to the yo dog. It's really levels to the shit. Like no bullshit. That shit was a but where Was your ego? In my pocket. Where it should have been. You talking About So I still, you still men only really tuck they ego for like money. Shit. I know I Was about to say no now I was just about to say no because them little niggas be rich but they be ugly and they five eight nigga So I would still stand up with my chest. don don, don. And they getting them though. There's, they getting Them. I don't think there's any such thing as ugly at, at certain levels. At certain levels of money. That's true. What is Tell them that They be ugly with G.


Tell Who that the rich niggas. They get insecure Too. No, It is they, they ugly with Insecurity come in different shapes and sizes. They be ugly with glistening skin and shit like that. Like different type of lotions and shit. No, them niggas got, they Sperry top outs on, they walking around with, they Oxford with they little khaki shorts and they, it It is different bro. I'm not gonna hold you. It's a lot of different Well I'm glad you're back. Tha thank you. I'm glad to be Back. You makes noise back. They glad you're back too because they was going crazy. Well them niggas lost. They mind, they missed you Ish on social media. Alright. Joe's tweet had them in f crazy. I take it word for it. It it was, it was a lot. Did did you go to the auction this weekend? The auctions? Not this weekend.


Oh, when is it auction For What? It's the end of the month for Dame as Shit. There you go. I caught you. Got you. I just wanna make sure you want your job. I just Make, it's the 27th. There We go. That's my man. I, I'm coming At the hotel and fucking what's the name? Yeah, shit. Three O'clock. It's gonna be sad. It's gonna be sad. He's going, I'm not paying no million dollars for that shit, Joe. Crazy as hell, Joe. Stop. I'm telling you. I it's Not gonna go for a million dollars. That's my point. I asked, I asked where y'all thought it would end up at. You just said last episode that you're thinking about going over There. It is not gonna be the price that I'm willing to pay and don don't wanna be the guy to hold my sign up. And then the yacht boys hold, they sign up Second the yacht boys in the building tonight. They Don't crush my sign, yo. Because then I'm gonna be, then I'm gonna just be playing the sign game and I'm gonna be the dude to get stuck with the real shit.


When I don't have it. Alright. 11 million Joe Biden. Reasonable doubt. Fuck A third. Yeah. That shit going to, it's gonna be sad. It is you think, you know, you think it'll go up. It's absolutely going up. Jay-Z gonna try to Jay and Bigs is gonna be the biggest people trying to buy it. You Gonna be there? Jay ain't gonna physically be there. He'll have one of his representatives there. Jay Homeboy gonna be there holding the sign up. Some Nigga, some nigga that speak of French, Jay Brown or some shit. Yeah, bro. Nope, not I, I'm cool. Yeah, The lawyer was on Instagram getting his bars off on Dan. He He definitely was. He went a Little crazy. Don't believe all the internet propaganda. This guy is broke, this money is going to child support and this and this and this.


I don't like Thath. Why the lawyer? Why didn't the lawyer attack him? Of course it's going to That don don't know Because they I don the lawyer attacked him because Dame, there was a clip up and Dane was saying like, I'm still keeping this like don't, basically don't believe what y'all are saying. I'm still the CEO of Rockefeller, LLC. We own reasonable doubt and don't believe nothing you're saying I'm not selling. And he was like, that's ka well well I'm selling his shares then that's what the lawyer said. He was like, all right, cool. If he wanna say that, hey, I'm the one selling the shares on this date with help from whatever court that allowed them to do it. The court this time no mandated mandate.


Yes. Excuse me. Yeah, that's the difference. Yeah, that's, that's the thing. Like yo, you're not selling it voluntarily. They forcing you to sell it. So it's don don't want speak to these people with fears, but when the court orders you to sell some shit, it's because you have an asset that has a value and you are in such a rears and they making you Yeah, liquid that asset to pay some shit off. So I know. So That's, you know, Told you left in a hurry. I don't have nothing. Dame is my man. I don't have nothing negative to say about Dame. Dame When. I was coming up and I needed to hold a quick five or 10 grand. He never hesitated to give it to me.


So don don't have nothing bad to say about Dame and many artists have that same story. So Dame, I love you. I've been trying to get him up here for a while, but Nah, I should just, it's just sad to see it play out like this at this point though. That's All Just because Okay, I Got it, I Got it. What I'm, I'm saying that the, the lawyer took it upon himself to go at Dame by Dame saying that he wasn't attacking the lawyer. you know what I'm saying? So I don't like that. But he's, if he's, if I'm just playing devil's advocate, I Got it. If I am the lawyer that's in charge of this and you're putting out something saying it's not happening, I'm gonna refute that and say no It is happening for these reasons because I got people I want to come purchase this.


But It's only 33%. Right. So the it's the other, it's the third, the other percentage. Dames still owned? No, no, no, no. Jay owns Bigs. Owns and Dames. Yeah, they were oh, a trifecta. So Dame's piece is the 33rd and a third Got. it Got it. I Got it of I know the pie. Where, where would you guys like to begin? Y'all wanna start with Vultures? Oh Shit Off the dame conversation. If I can make sense to go right into Kanye, let's get it. Kanye Ty Dolla signed Vultures two dropped Did Saturday. Yeah, because it was, they were, they were saying it was supposed to drop Friday, midnight Friday came and went, you know how we are, we treat Kanye release dates and then Saturday it popped up and they put it out on DSPs and everything.


I think they've already changed it once or twice. Twice so far. And Now what does that do for my album that I purchased? Nothing. Right. That only You if you Have the physical files and And downloaded it, it does nothing. Yeah. The only thing that it changes is if you go into to play it off of a DSP, you will hear whatever's changed. Your downloaded files are your files no matter what. That's bullshit. What were the two changes that they did That? Yeah, what did they changes since Saturday? One was a mix. I think they something about a thug verse on the dead record. I believe it was they changed and went to a different So are you freestyling right now? No. So now how does that work though? Like, because now let's say you, you purchase version A and they make some modifications.


You Got it, the music Business is not catering to anybody that purchases albums. They're trying to drive everybody to streaming. So the only way to get these updated versions are through streaming. Correct. You kind of did this with life of Pablo. No, I'm just saying. So now you gotta go repurchase the Yeah. You would The modified version. Actually no. If you do complete download or something, it might, it might change don don't know. Well here's what's weird about it. If you have it purchased, it'll already show that you purchased it. So It is not like You can repurchase. Now what You can do is delete your, your download and now re-download it saying that you purchased it. And if it's updated on the purchase side, yes you'll get the newer version. The thing is When you think of music, it's, it's think of two columns.


One side is streaming, one side is purchased. Gotcha. So if they're updating what they're putting on the DSPs, that don't necessarily mean it's gonna translate to what's being on the purchase side. Gotcha. You might purchase the exact same, I'll redownload the exact same album, but their changes could have been done to the DSPs. But what if you know Guys enough, please? What do we think of the music? don? Don't like it. I'll tell you off the record, I don't like the album. The first half was very forgettable to me. First half was very forgettable to me. I I, I ran in and I saw tweets that it was out. I ran and listened to it immediately. It was a little early on Saturday. I said okay, let me try it a little later on. I tried it Saturday night, I tried it yesterday. Still I'm I the second half of the album picks up a little bit better.


The highlights to me are the Forever Rolling record. I like the Lil Baby feature verse. I like the Durkin Future record. Wait, hold up. I want to hear this forever rolling record that you are saying. Let's see here. Rolling. Because I just, I just let the album play So. I'm not really certain on names. Mm.


Yeah. I like that song. And Lil Baby as Fire has he absolutely smoked his feature verse on this by the way. Alright. Don't try to come back on the Lil Baby bandwagon. I'm not, he still need to put some solo music out for me to get back The bandwagon. And he smoked that shit with Central Seed. Yeah. Another feature. I want to hear some Lil Baby solo music before I'm back on any bandwagon. I'm off. I'm clear that I'm off. Okay. But yeah, overall it might be four songs off of this that I like. What do you rate it? It's just not It is, it's at the It is towards the bottom as of right now. Oh, this one of his Discover This One falls in with some of the God Christian Jesus' King. That's the one. Yeah, that's the one. I'm, I'm not, I'm not a fan of this. It feel, it feels like all demos and being that, first of all, I hold Kanye in such a high regard and being that he's clearly altering this as it goes, I'm gonna give it Chance, a chance to become something greater.


But it just feels incomplete. I don your song is literally five 30 might be my favorite like beat and sound sonically on the album. But then he just, he does the mumble version shit. Yeah that rappers do when they're writing a song, they're trying to get the song. This is five 30 the song parts. It's talking to Man. Yeah. The second half It is It is he don't have, It's a reference. It's a reference. Very clearly You can hear it. Drake Five call Tesa. That's hard.


Sounds Good. But then you get to the second you just starts going champagne, whatever the fuck he's saying. Some Some hard skeletons. Yeah, for sure. For sure. These are some hard demos though. Five 30, the car missing is this what you call distance. So in a glass prison It, it gets worse.


I know, I know. I'm not gonna waste the listener's time with that one, But I don't, I don't like that though. What's that? Keep updating. I keep going back to listen and then maybe it'll grow on me. It's almost like I'm programming myself to like this. No doubt. I would've much rather wait until we get the final version and then go listen to that. But I'm not, every time I hear okay Kanye win updated some more on Vultures two. I'm not now running to listen. Me either. Like I did that with Pablo every time me updated, I ran the li. Okay, let me hear what's different. Let me hear what some of these records, the mix is bad. Like I love the hook is loud as hell and then the actual verses are under the beat. I think one of the versions at least I think it was a Shai verse, there's no credits on it, but it sounded like completely qued.


Like yeah What's the point of putting out an incomplete project? Yeah, I Don't get it. That was my question. It's a thing that he has played with don. Don't know what his ultimate goal It is. It's a living art thing. Yeah. Yeah. Is it, this is something where I maybe in two years we'll go back and listen to it and see if it ended up being something I like. I'll do something like that. But I'm not rushing. Every time he updates this, they're tweaking one song or okay. He updated it and now there's a new mix on this particular record. Is it to run the numbers up? I don't think So I think it's just Kanye Don't play the numbers running game. Okay. Like if it was somebody else, I don understand I don't Got it. See that from him. He's just A weirdo man. Sometimes it hits, sometimes it does not.


This album for me, eh? Yeah. It felt like I don. I don't like lyrically and style wise what he was doing vocal. Like with Hying Wise, the beats are all great. He picks good production. But it sounds like he was trying to chase like young kid shit. That's what I got from the first half. Yeah. Like it's the Playboy Cardi I that's not, yeah, I'm good. I'm good. I can't listen to that. He saying like, you don't have nothing to say. That too. He ain't saying a fucking thing. He ain't rapping about shit. If the beat don't save it, then it just don't save it. Like y'all said, the mumbling the fucking, I'm tired of this same old just shut the fuck up already.


And then if you're gonna do two projects with Ty Dolla, I do wanna hear more Ty Dolla. I do. I wanna hear Ty Dolla be Ty Dolla. That's what I'm saying. I want to hear what you, what you brought him here for. Right. Which is not to be 2024 Charlie Wilson. Right? Yeah. It's, it's not that. Now what I will say is the opening track slide dog, they sued me up like some shit. Like some real shit was come. I love this beat. I love this beat. I love this song. I'm a sucker for any time the drums is doing something weird and awkward. Listen to this real quick. Hey this is how you open the album. This made me sound like Encore by Jay-Z was coming up next like, oh Kanye put the graduation leaks on This shit If This's, what you going to do?


Yeah, this beat. come on hold up. Silence. Pity girl. All she ever do is taste selfies. So she only fucking with a nigga because I'm wealthy Back When. I was broke. I couldn't I don want to help me now it ain't a motherfucking thing that could tell me. Got Rhythm and make the ladies go Bra got a stroke, make When. I had My bad sir. Suzy got a bat on the couch with him right now. Hit that pussy. Good. I'm gonna put on a play on side. When. I. See you. It's when your man ain't loving you. right. Somebody else be there. Somebody else. You ain't minute you be, you know I'm Slide in Slides out there.


What I like headed to the high rise in it like a drive by the industry. Don't like me. Tell them Pusy niggas like Beats Hard. That beat is tough Dog. And me and Imani, me and Imani would've went straight to the studio with that beat. We have done some singing rapping over that motherfucker right there. I'll tell you that one. Now we might have paid for some radio, some BDS if we got our hands on that little j Turkey right there. That shit is hard. They try to hit drive.


Did you play one of my You can't start your album like that and then Proceed to put a bunch of demos. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Seem like that's the only record that was done. Yo. Yeah. Go finds High Man Push pushups. Somebody fucking, fucking Rhyme Fest. Yeah. Somebody, Sean, Anybody Royce bring all them niggas you flew out to Wisconsin Fucking Griselda. Yeah, Were That nigga flew the whole industry to Wisconsin and y'all went and y'all went And they we got Donda out of it. Yeah. And that was a good album.


Donda is underrated. That's A good album. Donda. Y'all know I felt about Donda still good. That that, that shit is high in my list of Kanye albums Still good. It's not that high for me, but it's high in the current state of Kanye. What's a better Kanye album since 2010? I. gotta see what dropped. Yeah. I. gotta see what dropped too. But Still nothing to make sure. Well that's why I said recent, that's why said 15 years recent. But graduation, my dark, beautiful, all that Shit. We ain't talking about none of that. Yeah, Exactly. That's, I can't say it's high my Kanye Albums, but that's still high. You about to name three albums Name five, four Since 2010. You said Pablo dropped 2016. Pablo's higher than that to me. Yeah. Pablo's higher.


They Fighting for me. Donda and Pablo. If I could get to Donda with the, the curse words in it, I'm like, I might put it Up and if Donda get the three K track. That's true too. It wins. It has it. He rereleased it as the deluxe edition with that on there. Super. Yeah. don don't know if I have that in my mind. Deluxe has that on there. If that's on Donda. I'm voting Donda over life of Pablo not me. Yeah, sorry. And 2010 is my beautiful dark, twisted fantasy And life of Pablo ain't even life of Pablo without design there. If he ain't rob him and fuck his whole life up. That's what you niggas get. Good. Y'all wanna chase Fame get fucked. Sorry. Now you're jerking off on Delta. Yeah. come On. Alright, Come on.


Gotta be careful. Don't give away your slaps, you'll end up slapping yourself. What? I'm just here to tell the truth. Sorry. Beating, Beating your shit Right on Spirit. Like fuck. Should have gave myself a better shot sometimes. You gotta give yourself a shot at tomorrow, man. I mean the record was so big at the time. Where else could he have went with it? Maybe Fuse, Maybe confused. I'm a weirdo. So what if if I make that record, I'm not giving it to Kanye to put on Kanye's album But you No, because you, you you experienced something like that with Pump It Up when it went on the Fast and the Furious joint. So that's, that's from Experience. No, I ain't experienced nothing like that. No, what I mean Is that I was signed So I was signed to a label and they had the right to do whatever.


I Got it, I Got it. The designer was unsigned with a smash. Yes. That he then got a deal for and then gave the rights away to Kanye, sold his album for him and then was stuck trying to come up with another one. So I'm about Tim. Tim, Tim Turner. And I like that Tim Turner song. That was Han. I did like that song. But It is tough to catch. Lightning in a bottle. It is, and what people don't understand is some of these slaps are indeed lightning in a bottle. That one That's True as me as designer as Trinidad James as Young inmate is a long list of people. If you don't have the support and the team and the budget and the, and the right mix going on, you will never get it again. Never get it again. Any other music came out. Lemme check my phone, see if some slaps came out that I missed.


Right. Let's see here. No, I don't see anything else. I bought When. you looking? I bought some of y'all sleepers. Yeah, It's Tuesday. So I mean there was no no other major releases that we didn't talk about Friday. Alright, that's true. Great ice. You want us to give you a clear out for no allows or no, I don't need a clear out man. I, I was ready to hate. I'll keep it a buck. You and the rest of America. Oh we were Ready. We were ready to go. I had drafts loaded. I was like For, for clarity. Sorry to interrupt. This is all still hate because of the NBA championship world. Yeah. Champions thing. Okay. Yes. Carry. We just, you know, we just hold our Nba dumb thing, dumbest thing in the world.


That Is really weird to get that tight about that comment. Not, I mean not it's just you. You jumped out said something about our NBA champions as an American cool. You were right. I can admit he was correct But so what you mad about But? Yeah. Being up jam been saying it. That's why we didn't care. We care if You right like United States, you know the thing that hurts me the most is that I have to watch the NBA finals and they have world champion on they head. World champion of what the United States. Don't get me wrong, I think of hilarious. The Us Yeah. I don. See what the problem is. But that ain't the world.


That is not the world. We are the world. We have almost every country out here fighting, thriving, putting on they flag to show that they are represented. Alright Nigga enough. But. yeah. So that's what he said. You and Zaire Franklin and the rest of America and all of the internet went on a hate watch To root against the American to American against the American. Noah allows during, well y'all showed up for the hundred meter. Yeah. And He, y'all had your drafts ready. Y'all was on Twitter, you had your little 32 inches, your 32 inch TV's on. Whoa. See this I don know. I don't know how many inches TV is. Whoa. Whoa though.


Don't, don't disrespect The 52. Don't disrespect. Ain't nothing wrong with 52 depending on how big the wall is for My daughter room. Yeah, you right. Nothing wrong with 52 for her room. It's Kind of big for her. The eyes. Nah, she her room big enough too. Where she not that close to it. What you got a 63? No, I don't have a 60 anything Joe. Ooh, Eight. You You got eight. She don't have a 70 inch tv. So, I have a, I don't have a 70 inch. You have a 75 inch television. Alright. Okay. Talk your shit. Okay, Y'all gonna let him talk to me like that? So you saw when clearly I did. Okay. Yeah. I wanna know what size everybody's TV is now in here. I do, I Do 75 as well. I have a 75 for one. It's not a tough question. I don't know.


It's not that big. You Just been pretty for life and don't know shit. You know, You don't know nothing. That's not of importance. And somebody bought it for me. So, I Really don't know took your shit. I really don't dunno. That's how that go and installed it. If it's tv. The tv Yes. Yeah. Okay. Gotta make sure. But if it's small we gotta reevaluate him. Nigga bought it a little some bullshit spot. Wait, When you When you get home. Take a picture of it for us. Send it to the group chat. Okay, I'll to what the fuck? Yeah, I wanna see it. She got Toshiba up. End it. Toshiba. It's like, yo, they Still got Toshiba. I Think So I. Think So I Think they, They seen that shit a long time. No, it's a Samsung.


Oh, okay. Okay. Oh the curve. I think it curves. I don't know. It's okay now. Okay. But. yeah. Back to. So No, that was completely inappropriate by the way. I just, the whole conversation. Let's be mindful curve But. yeah we, we were ready to get our hat off and, and my man won. He smoked it. Like I, I went right out and tweeted. I was like, hey look, I was ready to get my head off but you fucking did that in salute. Like it, you shut, that's what happens. You shut the haters Up and on the a hundred meter it was a lot of controversy because people don't know that the torso has to pass the line first. So when the pictures that league, it looked like everybody else beat him. But, and then I saw half of it in that saying, oh he won and half was saying he lost So.


I had to really wait for the verdict. No, what really got me was people trying to downplay his loss. Talking about well you only won by five hundreds of a second. That's still winning the gold I don it Fan fair. I wouldn't give a fuck if you win by nose here. No, I won. Win is a fucking win. What? And he's an American and I feel like we should rootworm what we talking about. Yeah. Like yo and the hundred meter is not his bag. No, The 200 meter is his bag. So the wind gold in something that ain't your shit. It is not even your primary focus. Boy did he kill that ice? The internet Zaire and everybody was mad. So on the 200 meter, guess who comes walking in the door?


You guessed it. The fucking dream team or whatever these name of these niggas are. Team USA team. USA here they come won a front row seat to make sure he lose hating ass niggas. You lying. I'm not mad at that because look, look, lemme tell you why it's Still America dog. Lemme tell you why though. If he win, we just showed up for the home season. Exactly. We just here to watch the show nigga. And if he lost And if he lost, What were they gonna do? Heckle him from the fucking Crowd. Heck, everybody on that team Was not, wasn't heck A world Champions. It wasn't gonna heckle Him. A lot of them gotta shut the fuck up regardless. That is true. They weren't gonna heckle him. But now some of us, you know. Yeah okay. You ain't a win either, nigga.


Congratulations. Congratulations to Noah Lou. Facts, words and American. Yeah man. Root for the Americans. You got Well I'm half Jamaican. So I. Yeah, me too. I too, yeah, I'm What does that mean for American? I could pick, you know what if they both in the race who I'm root for? I'm asking you Country Probably America first. Right. But if Jamaica, you would've been fine with that the whole way This thing said depends off. Depends man, I went Either way. I know that America has a lot of tactics used to divide us. The Olympics is when we should come together.


I agree. As one. Even if that means rooting for someone that you typically would not. True. So as I sat there and the men's volleyball games came up, That's what you watched? Yes. The beach Shit with the sand. They wasn't in no beach? Nah. Oh Okay. They end Them. They was indoors. Okay. And the little Brazilian niggas clearly thought that that was their bag. Okay. They was getting dunked on. Niggas got hops. All right. Go hold. The Brazilian team looked like they were expected to win This shit. And America's team was a bunch of white guys.


Mm. But the white guys that were on the front line, 50 Edge vertical Wolf, You know? No, because as you as I'm watching This shit. Yeah. He starts seeing, seeing It is the six four nigga in the front with the hat. Hat that keep going crazy. He jumped to this whole torso. It is over the net. Who is this? Yes. Wolf nigga Got it. I'm watching Wolf. And now next to Wolf is Anderson. So When I didn't see Wolf make a play. Anderson who gotta be six five or something was going crazy. And when it wasn't dumb two it was another six foot six nigga with a red bandana. All white dudes deeds who look like fucking beach boy.


I wish they all could be. They look like David. And you could see they was going so crazy on the little Brazilians that You can see the life just get sucked outta the little foreigner niggas. And You can just start showing the coach getting mad at the Brazilian niggas. And then they was doing shit where they thought they would getting it was like this and, and the ball hit him and bow nigga and they fall on the ground. It was like, yo, Volleyball Is fun. 'cause it's so disrespectful looking when they It is smash that shit right in their face. Like bow Dog volleyball was the, it might be some of the most fun I've had watching the Olympics thus far. And the girl volleyball tournament, they had the big tall I'm with you there. The big tall bitches. I'm, I'm with you there. Those girls are young.


They had the big, they had the big tall bitches from the opposing countries jumping up and doing the shit. America girl jumped up like she was about to spike that shit like this. And then on the way down she just said, Boop, soft touch. Move over the tip. Oh my God. It was great. I absolutely love watching the Olympics. I loved, I loved them showing the face of all Simone Bow's opponents. Yo, That that shit was great. They was hot. Like I gotta go up against This shit right here bro. Imagine that though bro. Whatever your best is, all That girl can get up That high. Well whatever your best is, it ain't gonna be nowhere near enough. She Jumps like six feet In the I.


don. She's phenomenal. She's crazy. She's a phenomenal athlete. She a athlete. She was doing shit up there and the commentators was like, oh well they, they're not gonna do that nine times Summer. Salt Twist, reverse flip Look. Even if she ain't landed properly, It didn't matter. Go. Yeah they was, it don't even matter. Technical. Yeah. Her difficulty is so Crazy. You can don't matter. Yeah, you can't. You can't. I ain't gonna lie. Her man Got it made if he cheat. Oh my God. Huh. Help me out. Yeah. Alimony. What? 'cause your girl is like a world, world class. The best of the best athlete And you need a little look on my side.


Something that look like So you got the best of both. Yeah. Best of all world. Yeah. Keep walking in the club. This little flipping girl. If it ain't no poles around, what the fuck we bringing Her outside. Hey, don't do that. Don't do that. Wake it Up. Hey wake up. What? Yo, you can't say that I'm woke. I'm woke. I she just won. You can't say that Man. Nah, but did you got dressed? She went, Yeah, No, No. About Congratulations More America. Congratulations. Support Americans. Congratulations to Simone. Simone ba. She is incredible. Then her man was in the audience. He did the little heart and then she did the little heart.


I got you baby. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's good. Love like When. You're not even onto the cheap. Like I'm still with you. Why you so you think you cheating On her? I do not know that. I'm just sitting there talking shit on a broadcast. you Know? Mad shit. I have no idea. I just left France. It was the most five nine and up girls I ever seen in my life. I like tall girls. I worked yo dog. I do like tall. I ain't gonna Hold you. And they was fired. My girl was like, yo, these women are amazing. I was like, no they just tall a little bit. Listen dog nine and was the minimum G there? Your girl trying to flip something. You ran girl trying to flip something with em.


He ran away. Ah, they're too tall. You ran over there. They're not my type. You ran away from that. Where my baby was gonna be Shut up. Who knows who up. Yeah, exactly. Wait some of the fancy places that you stay come with the nanny. That's True. And the daycare where you could drop that little, little little person off and go handle your Business. Hey yo dog. The nanny. My daughter ain't fucking with no nanny. My daughter still all bro. Today was a rough day for me. I had to drop my daughter off at daycare for the first day. Oh really? You cry Shit for what? My girl had to go console my girl before I get my own cry out.


I'm like dog, that shit is different. That's why you cry. You think my nanny or fucking nanny my daughter still a nanny nigga. And a nanny don't speak their English. Well y'all could get an nanny that speaks English. you know Joe, you don't pay me enough. Damn. Gimme some more spanking to go get the au pair ticket. I did. You know you didn't Came exactly what he Asked for. Fuck is you talking about nigga? Oh man. Nah that shit is they got 'em so my man might have been over there on the Why you flipping be over there flipping something else? It's possible. Simone bow's the Prize. Amazing.


Yeah, ama. She's the best ever let you hold her little gold, gold shit. you know what I mean? Oh Yeah. I'm definitely taking pictures with my girls. Gold. They was to Him for that shit. I was like are you crazy niggas I where Shit, I'm put it on percent Nigga she did so good. Niggas went and found out what team he played for. They did. He pulled off because He, he's on the Bears. We don't know you Nigga. The Packers. Packers. He's on. Who cares. Yo. That's fucked up. Yo. You a world class athlete yourself. You just Simone Bow's husband. Yeah, sometimes people start the game Is the game. The game is The game outweigh yours. The game is the game. The game is the game. Shout out to all the Olympians man. Indeed. Whatever medal you won don't really matter.


Oh homeboy that jumped over the thing and got blocked by his dick. I know he was mad. Y'all seen that? I Just saw it. We saw it. Ooh. And if you watch that, why You like that? you right Mel. What? you know she like both sides. So black and white. So yeah. Oh, okay. Well I mean everybody saw it. Why you say, why you saying voice? How many times did you see? 'cause they slowed that shit down And they, and you were sitting there looking at a nigga on gummy jump over a pole. So you was excited looking at somebody on about blush medium jump over the pole. Bl she blushing. Yo, you need to, she gotta go outside. I'm okay. I mean that was just, that was impressive. How many times you watched it? About 15,000?


Yeah. Yeah. I mean it just kept on repeating over and over. Or maybe that was just the playback on my Instagram. I'm not sure. But anyways, it just was all over the place. You good? Damn. I'm Okay for certain shit. No it's fine. Apparently some porn company has offered him like $250,000 as a result of Am I missing? Well then I didn't think it was all of the the, It doesn't seem that sexual of attack. Yeah, I didn't, It wasn't. It's just the fact that It is huge on gummy. Y'all noticed it. Y'all noticed it. come on now. you know I blinded. I Didn't even see it. You know what, you, you guys keep saying that. I did not see it and I, and I don't believe you. Ian had to tell me about it.


When. I. I didn't see it. Wait, what? I watched it. I saw it. I didn't think he was killing like that. I was like shit if that happened to him, all the dishes, if that happened to Dude, I sent that pole to some. I didn't think it was. I mean but I mean go ahead. Yo. You, you are idiot. You know black. I mean I don't know but I mean where, where my male was from, He was playing. He was like a, he was like on the French team. But I think he's Italian. Like by his last he Researched the nigga. No, you see his name? No, you see his name.


You see his face. He looks Italian. His name sounds Italian. Male Is horny as Hell. Yo. I am not To sexualize the pole jumper dude. On the, everybody did it. Everybody. You are the first person I saw sexualize that This shit. Like literally the jokes wrote themselves Literally. So he's sitting there sad. He Knocked the pole off with his pole. He's sitting there sad that all of his practice and preparation year, years of is ruined because of that Dick mishap. He put This shit behind the boxer strap like everybody Else. He should look and tucked it And y'all are sitting there just wanting to fuck the guy. I mean, you know it's, it's a win in some cases. Talk about the sermon. Go ahead girl. Oh man. Go ahead girl.


I mean it's not for me. I'm just, I'm just a That was innocent bystander. You Got it. You see the other pole vault dude, The dude that that didn't do it. The dude that tripped and they lost the pole playing it wrong. I don dunno know what the fuck he did. He bust his ass. He Hid it got up in the air. That shit Just stopped. That's the one that I watched nine, nine times fell Back, bust his ass. I watched that shit 99 times because the judges was waiting for the poll to make it up. That polls said, Yo nigga, you know niggas start having the memes like Yo When you on your way home and your wife be like, yo, I need to talk to you When, you get nigga like, yeah I pass. That's truly embarrassing yo dog. What That is really, really embarrassing.


Whole world watching boy, hey literally We talk Olympics. Ari Richardson, man AB absolutely, absolutely. She, she came in second. She won a silver, won a silver medal. She won a silver lost to St. Lucia. Yes. Yeah. That that that girl from I wa I That's what the first event I watched, I watched the qualifier first. I mean the semi-final. Excuse me then watch the final. That girl from St. Lucia was not playing with them. No she wasn't Like she took off out the gate and it was like, yo, I I won this. Y'all can all fall back. Hmm. Silver's good Though. Ms. Silver's great. Oh no, absolutely. Everyone Sounds like she lost. And silver is amazing And the Olympic honestly a perfect And she was the last one to get out of the starting blocks.


It's The same thing. Kind of how we were waiting to root against Noah Lyes. There were a lot of people waiting to root against Shakar Richardson for not coming in gold. Even though It is an American. They didn't care about that. That's weird. It was just whatever was attached to her, whether it be her arrogance or whatever you wanna call it, there were people That would just waiting for you to come up short. And when she did, you saw a lot of talk about that. I cannot find my notes. However, there was a story going around about, I saw that story, how they changed the rules at the Olympics. Yes. The day before. So Shaka and another young lady, Shelly, The Jamaican shell from Mian.


Okay. They were, they weren't staying where everybody else was staying. And the new rule says that you have to be traveling in on whatever team bus for them to let you in. And because of that, when Shaka walked up and they have this footage floating around the internet, they denied her access. So she had to walk An hour, An hour around like it was mouths. It was around. That's crazy. And by the time she got there, she was unable to practice Warm. She missed warm Up. Yes. The other young lady decided not to. She said, I'm not running shell. Ann said, I'm not racing without practice. I'm not going. Ari gave it to go anyway. And those were the results To get silver after all of that shit.


Wow. Yeah. All of that cock blocking That is, That is to be commended. Absolutely. What? And there's been saying like people saying that there's been a bunch of bullshit happening over there at the Olympics. They said it's a shit show in Paris. Yeah. I'm gonna keep it a buck date. The first time I went, that Was a long pause for keeping a buck. Nah, I'm trying to get My thought. You gonna it 80? Nah, No. Nah. I'm gonna keep them My thoughts together. Yeah, you gonna keep, I'm gonna keep it 83 quarter. The first time I went, I went to Paris and I think in like oh 5, 0 6. Right. And my, my ex understood French dog. They don't fuck with Americans at all. Not at all. So. I thought it was like some racial shit. But they don't really be black, white. No, they don't Much.


No. It Is American. They just don't fuck with us. So you know, I just came back dog. They really be looking at you and once they hear you speak English 'cause you can't tell. Right. And especially like the, the Riviera is a big tourist at Attract. Yeah. You look French. So yeah, You can be from any, no you an asshole dog. You can be You can from anywhere. You can be from Spain, You can be from other places. Once they hear their American accent, they move immediately change like they kind of be giving you they ass to kiss. Like 'cause they think we arrogant. So that'll just return fire. Yes sir. You can be the nicest motherfucker in the world. They just don't fuck with shit. A lot of people have bad experience going to friends. Yeah. They don't really fuck with you. A lot of People. No, it's across Europe. But it's actually, I've had experiences. That's some, Yeah.


London is nice. Yeah. I haven't, I haven't had it Germany across Europe, but France, I've had it a lot. Like I've had it each time I went there cutoff. you know what I'm saying? I, I, When, I, When, I went to Italy before 'cause I went to South, south Cer. Yeah. Certain parts of Italy is the same type of like, you know what I'm saying? But When, you see the black people come, these motherfuckers be straight off the boat from Africa. They be blacker than my sneakers and they don't get the same treatment. So it ain't necessarily a racial thing more than a the ethnic, I mean more than a national, the nationality thing. And you asked me how many pods go wide, don't go to certain places on vacation. Still worth dog. Where, where, Where. Yeah. I working. Who? But this is my thing.


Where can you go? The bias is not there. Wherever you go, they're gonna still have a, some level of bias. I I I, I've been to Italy a few times and It is very different than me running the fucking Dr Did you have a good time? No. Oh, Where you Rich? That's, that's an important person. Matters too. Had some good times over there. Poor So me too. Right. No, no, no, no. But I'm saying there probably more matters where you, where you would Differently today. Where You would stay today my nigga. They rolling out the carpet for you. Yeah. You get what I'm saying? Wherever you gonna stay today the service is just a different level. But those, But those experience that they experience make you Reluctant to go to one go overseas.


Nigga we bad. We go to Harlem, we go to Newark, we go to all these places. They treat us like shit. Yeah but it's different. Don't, They don't treat me Like shit. You get what I'm saying? Like in other states they treat you like shit. Like Yeah, try to go to Tennessee right now. Yeah. Shit's fucked up. That's very different than me. Okay. Tennessee I don know how y'all vacation on my vacation, I'm up at five looking for coffee and boy I'm gonna find it. So that mean I gotta talk to somebody at five. Got it. Okay. That's the end. That's When. you see how motherfuckers really feel about you. You rich at five. Hey pardon me? Do you Know? So go to La Maurice and say y'all want some coffee at five. They say you want four 30.


Fuck you talking about like dog, you got money nigga. They're gonna cater to whatever your needs are based on how you know You have money. So question You can stay Here without no money. Coffee, coffee come this building without no certain level of bread. Now if you stand at the La Quinta on Route three, you know what I mean? You gotta go to seven 11 coffee LaQuinta. you know You trying to Make yourself fancy. Yeah. Qui that Bullshit. When you at the Waldorf nigga you gonna get What you want. And question going to Italy, did you make it, you know, a priority to maybe learn a couple of Italian words in order to communicate Well? Well yeah she's, she's Right at the time. Okay. I don't remember what they are.


I'm not gonna quiz you on It now. But the bartender at whatever hotel we were staying at was teaching me a few words 'cause he was cool. Okay. Okay. That she Right. 'cause we'll go over there with some arrogant shit like, yo, y'all stupid motherfuckers don't know English And where's McDonald's nigga You here. Right. Whoa Oats. That was racist. That Was crazy. No that was racist. That Was crazy. No, literally it was an experience that I had. It Was an no racism be creeping out. It's not, Where's McDonald's to the blacks literally Had an experience with traveling with a couple of like Yes with Americans to Japan. And they were like, this food is disgusting and why can't they speak English and where's McDonald's? I was like I can't believe I'm with you right now.


This is so disgusting. Oh word. Because I had that same experience in Japan and I was them. You were the one looking Nigga. I was walking up the street like nigga I do not eat tarantulas. Yo. They had to in the basket moving around. I'm like yo nigga alive. Stop idiot. Yo, yo. Where is Mickey? Dall can't say it. I wanna die it from the was trying to escape. don don't want the Beatles this week. Chopping This shit outta them niggas. Alright. Are you nuts? Sorry I'm telling you about my experience.


No, I believe you. I was probably in the wrong part of town. Only Beatles McCartney in them. But the McDonald's in. No, They thought I was motherfucking Anthony Bourdain trying to do some type of cooking. Special nigga. No, a burger nigga. The McDonald's in those countries is different from up it's Way different. It's Way different. Food is different. Cook different. It is It is It is way. It is It is It is It is good. I know my burger still had the cow head on that mother. I went to London and got a mega Mac, When I in oh eight. When I was younger. I remember that shit sir. A what yo, A mega Mac. It was like a Big Mac but it was double. You be outta town. You find that one place that you like and that's where you eating at. Goddamn. you know Tony, Tony Romans every night. Yo. That's why I be fun with the fish.


Them niggas catch the fish right there off the coast. True. That's all I'm eating. I ain't fucking with no cow no nothing. I'm good. Or you got your joint in town that's gonna tell you where the real food is at. Yeah, because you gotta be careful, you know. Wow. They line you up? No, I'm just saying if You, if you going out there with your lady and you got a joint. Oh no I'm, I'm talking about back in the day. Oh, Okay. Okay. Back in the day them them long distance the joint out of town, those was eight year relationship, eight nine year relationship. We gonna do this for a few summers. Right. When, I get, I need you When, I get that money up. I'm gonna come Jack. You ain't nigga. Yeah, yeah nigga off a little bit. I need you out of town. Yo Man. Hey yo, some, some women.


Yo men ain't shit. We, we not, some some women are side piece experts. Like they are just, they would just be nothing but side pieces and they are comfortable with that. I just had a conversation this weekend where girl said I'm comfortable being a side piece. And I was surprised Why I'd never heard anybody talk like that before. Did she elaborate on why? Yeah. I mean mean I can't, it's too much to explain right now 'cause it's, but she was just saying that she was comfortable in a side piece. Yeah. Some girls be focused on their work like acting like some people. Yeah. Yeah. True. For real. Some people do be focused on their work. I have another question I wanna ask you too.


Pertain to side piece. Can your woman tell that you cheated on her by the Smell of your urine? I'm going I. gotta urine Joe, hold me down. No, no. Nah. Yeah. Nothing flipped. Yeah. This nigga Flip and Parks was quick on the beat. Pretty, you not really him like that after the pre prison shit. I mean Parks is kind him. Parks Parks. don don't know if y'all know how old are You? 40 Parks in his fucking evolution in his 40. That's a smooth white boy for his forties. Oh. Texas. Like the internet is posting old pictures of Parks like backpack, real backpack Parks.


Like he's still hiding his classism behind the backpack. Not about James Park. It is, It is working. It is working. I like, I like 40 sparks. It is classism forties. Parks is fly's the level Up. I like that shit. That's it. What do y'all, what do y'all wanna go to? Y'all want go to Mustards crash out? Yeah we can, we can start there. They labeled It a crash out. I don't know if I call two tweets a crash Out. Yeah. React crash Out. Yeah. What's a crash out? Let's define it. Yeah, you gotta really crash. I'm getting tired of crash out being. No, but If you're a quiet person and then you start tweeting if it's against your cat, like what you normally present yourself as. Yeah. That could be. I Feel like it's gotta be like at least, at least seven to 10 back to back tweets of just D Lulu.


A crash out is spiraling. Yeah. Spiraling outta control. Just saying don don't Yeah, I wouldn't classify two Tweets. He's just saying anything But the, the severity of his tweets. He said Drake was Malcolm X for white people. Yeah. He said Drake, Drake is the Malcolm X of white people and academics make sure you post Gordo's first week since Drake thought he did a thing with making him drop on the same day as me. That's where it started. So he felt like Drake made him drop that album on the same day. Okay. I Know fact. You think that's a fact. Yeah, but that's my opinion. So it's not really a fact. Right, right, right. It's Not really. So you say you agree with it. I believe that Drake ain't done with you niggas.


Oh yeah. I'm with That. If I, if I could drop a slap on the, if I get wind, if I get wind of your drop date, I can text Someone. I'm doing a feature. I'm telling Christina Aguilar to drop the Drake record on your day. Sorry, I don't think Drake is over none of that shit. I think he's coming for each and every one of y'all that he can come for Goes back to the show being canceled in Toronto. I'm not, if I'm him, I'm not over none of This shit. I'm gonna keep playing now I'm gonna show y'all the other games that I could play. Yeah. Alright, cool. You be, you wanted music, you got, you got me on record. But I'm gonna show you who's powerful out here. Now we're gonna play a different game. That ain't Reacting. What, what mustard Drink?


All the stop shows new all that shit. Yes. Yeah. It is so Couldn't that be qualified? What's wrong with reacting at if you lost We in War. Okay. If I, I'm still engaged. If I lost I might be reacting. It's not even the law. Like I, like we keep saying it's the manner of which I lost. And yo Drake has had back and forth on Waxer. He never had these accusations put on him on a hit. Got it. He's never had nobody do what he does to other people on a hit record that the world is singing the record keeps shooting up the charts again. It go back to number one, go down to three, go up to one. Like this is new for him. So yeah, his reactions is gonna have to be a little different. He, this ain't just make a slap Tom no more.


What, what was the second tweet Then? He said these Drake bots are the nation of Drizly. This is kind of, that's that's Not a crowd. That's The bot. The bots are trying to fade me. There's a junior crash out Yo stream, stream the album or I'm gonna be a bot. Your choice. And then somebody told him, yo, you mad over there at such and such. He said, I'm not mad. I'm at my sun basketball game. They was hooping and they just won. I figured I'd fade some bots. I'm still grateful. A bot could never make me ungrateful. Fuck y'all thought. That seems a little crash. Outy. I gave him a This is a small, that's a response though. This is a small order of crash out. It's like a fender bender. Yeah. Yeah.


Some nigga said the nation of drizzly. That's kind of funny. That's funny. Y'all It Is fucking What? That's funny. And this is all because the projection on Mustard's album was 18,000 week one. Yeah. Yep. It said this. Yeah. It said Ice Spice sold 15,000. So what, what does that affect anybody's fucking life? Album sales don't count anymore. It's still Count. I'm halfway with you. I'm halfway with Parks. I Think it's weird counting other people's, You don't think I, you don't think album cells count more Parks? They do, but there's levels for it. Like, I don't really look for a mustard compilation album to be some fucking with No single, With no single being some record setting fucking album.


That was my thing. What did y'all think it was going to do? Like what? Doing the mustard tip. Yes. But having to watch Ice. Ice all through the Super Bowl and her with Taylor Swift everywhere else and her shaking ass everywhere else. For the amount of money that goes into it. You look for or you expect a certain return. So I mean sometimes record sales are indicative of what's going on with the music business. Like when things started to shift to all digital releases or back when record sales started to come back at 30, 40 and 50001st week versus 70, 80, 90, a hundred, a hundred. It, it just, sometimes it's indicators. don don't know if any of this is Sure I I'll but you on some of that stuff.


I just think with like weaponizing him against people. Oh, I'm not with that. Oh, okay. Not with That is weird. Well unfortunately Mustard brought that upon himself. 'cause he could have sold his 18,000 and not said a word and just been grateful and happy. He reacted to them making that, pointing that out. He reacted to act posting the projection. Yes. And Drake doing the godo shit where there's no need for that. Even if even Ice Spice was like, yo, anybody that bought my album, I'm appreciative. I liked On that. Thank you. I like the response. Did that's, Hey, this don't mean nothing. the show last night in Boston crazy was crazy. Wait until y'all see me in this city tomorrow. She smoked that response That that's the type of response you take to it. JT was very happy with her. 27,000. Right? Like whatever you sell again. I say all the time it's very hard to sell one of something.


One. So these are artists. This ain't back in the day where you 15001st week is gonna lose you your deal. These people get another shot. It's Also the way they're building, The way that they do the numbers now it's like 27,000 sales is however many millions of streams like you. That should be applauded. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. That's a good point. That's true. Again, these fans are comparing people that have either hit singles, huge buildings where the entire company is behind them. Every ad dollar available to them, to a mustard, a jt No disrespect to them, but you just don't compare the two. There's no comparison.


Yeah. Drake fans are looking for anywhere to find a win right now. Yeah. So now if it's anybody who was up against him, we're gonna highlight your numbers. When in actuality you should even been comparing Drake and Mustard numbers. Yeah. That that's foolish. But did he did, did Who? No. Well he, you act highlighting That is to show that crowd he's been on, you know what side he's been on throughout the entire thing. So yeah. I'm gonna point this out to that crowd. They're gonna take it and run with it to do what they need to do. Yeah. Act pointing out all the bullshit. Kendrick, refre, anything That is in that world of Get Drake a W Act is gonna highlight it.


True. Gotcha. Congratulations to all of y'all. No matter what you sold Word. I don't get no PS off of It. Yeah. Dead ass. I come from a music business where getting a release date was a win. So congratulations to all y'all. Keep building, keep working. That's it. Fourth quarters upon us. Let's finish out. 2024 Strong. Get with your teams. Do what you need to do to see an improvement in 2025. I I'm supporting each and every one of y'all. What, what Part of the year do albums have the most, you know, that Sells the most? Like Is it the first quarter, third, historically, Traditionally on Act traditionally Is fourth. That depends on Act because you're, you're the fourth quarter. Was Mo generally reserved for the big dogs?


True. Yes. So if you're not a big dog, you're not even dropping in the fourth quarter, which would be more of a first, second quarter for you. True. So it really depends on the act. Got. it does. The Big Dogs is still dropping in the fourth quarter. Yeah. That, that's It is reserved for them. Everybody else y'all get, y'all get, we get y'all out the way early. Got it fourth quarter. The big dogs want to be the last album shown when the industry shuts down from December to whenever they open up again. And from a financial standpoint and help push the revenues for the year. What else? What else I want to shout out? I want to shout out.


I women man, I wanna tell the girlfriends out there to do better. August 1st was National Girlfriends Day and I didn't see enough girlfriends buying themselves flowers and posting it to pretend like they boyfriends bought it. So I wanna shout y'all that hold us down, hold us down on the holidays. you know, we don't give a fuck about. That's it. That's what I got. I just asked what, what they gotta do better. What? What was Valentine's Day? That was my question. Oh, and birthday Christmas. I don't remember. I don't remember all of the holidays. 'cause all of them just result in a trip now. Right. All these holidays. Is there a national boyfriend's day? I didn't hear anything about that. Yes there is. There is.


When Did these holidays Come out? You wouldn't know nothing about it. Fucking highlighted. Oh Shit. Oh. I wasn't saying that I was Hit Oh. Shit. Oh. I said we wouldn't know nothing fresh from France. I wasn't shooting At you at all. you know nothing about National Boyfriend Didn't pick my face up off the file There You. all right. Damn. Don't Worry. Don't worry G. Don't worry, don't Worry. Crazy I don not say that to you at all. She had a boyfriend before. Don't do That Yo. I'm worried. GI James Got teenage love a a teenage love But. yeah. It ain't gonna get no marketing dollars behind it. Fucking They just made up these stupid ass holidays. This shit wasn't around When. I was a kid. Steak and Blowjob day. Fuck bitch getting the kitchen. Exactly. You know what That is? Steak them happy all can't cook a steak.


Yeah. Oh. More than half Steak fries. Some of that bullshit. Man. Fruits. They had that shit. What? Steak? Friess Steak fruits bitch steak fries. Was it sliced? Slice, slice, slice, slice. Let yeah Tastes Good. I ain't eat that shit. And the niggas looking at me like I was crazy 'cause I ain't want no fucking red lamb. That's Red Lamb this weekend. Y niggas is nuts. Yo. Yo. You yo. you know you know that Meat and beef is different over there. Okay, Well like the point of vacation. Well it's to cut loose. It is to eat. No, it's to eat. I go on vacation to eat. Yeah I do too. Apples and bananas nigga. What the fuck you talking about?


Apples and Banana. Exactly. Fuck we do. I'm not eating none. That Bullshit. you know they Laughing. Me too Lamb. Take me right to KC in the Caribbean. Nigga the best. Yeah, I I know Love wasn't none of that shit. Shit crazy as hell. It's actually really good in the Caribbean and Portugal. I don know why and Portugal too. Yeah, that shit rock. It's cool. Corey. Corey nigga you be up here nigga. Middle of the night watching sports nigga by yourself. Fuck you toe. I'd rather like this than be in your position nigga. Sorry. Oh man. Oh wait, speaking of celebrations, yesterday was the one year anniversary of the Montgomery Brawl. Oh. Oh yeah. Yeah.


The fuck up. Welcome home sister Black Excellence. Oh yeah. Hey I'm really proud of y'all. Re Re shut out bro. That could swim. Oh. Shit. Really? All of them. Montgomery. Shout Montgomery. Everybody that was there. Oh man. Threw the hat off at the start Montgomery. Man. Shout out to the Who side. Were you on Are? you shitting me. Oh Shit. No you're not. Who Are you rooting for? Everybody black. Okay. Everybody black. I forgot put the nigga with the chair. Shit. What? Yeah he got, they locked his ass up.


He beat. They said your dog. He waited to the A that nigga he got that him for 45 years. A lady with a he. He was so mad. You can turn his ancestors with through man. Shit he was tight. He caught a flashback. That lady was down. Even Joe said that you went too far. I ain't going hold, you know what nigga say he went through, he went through. I was like nigga that shit come on built up in him for like 50 years. Yo. The way that shit played out stopped the war. That shit was fire. It really was. Oh man. Dude that could swim Really? Did save the yo. He did. He did. He He said He did. He Did.


So what they was calling him? Yo, they had Manje. Jmic? Yeah. Al jal, Phelps. Jal Phelps, Aleman, Aquaman. Oh man. A lot of footage that that nigga, they got a 4K version of that shit came up this year. Nigga, every angle I watched, I said I didn't see this part. They got a 4K version. They were fucking throwing niggas in the water. All that shit. Oh, Shit Montgomery Ball bro. Man, before we leave music, I do want to remind everybody that Summer Walker is her when it comes to music now outside the studio. Come here. We don't care about that though. Yeah, We don't care about business. As long as We not gonna be honest with our talk.


We was having like in the midway part of this podcast when we was just naming all those people. That's on the cuckoo list. No, no we didn't name that one. You don don't speak French neither nigga You, you, you named it nigga. We No Wee Wee. It was you all. Okay. I think so. It was me. Okay. I named all the people on the cuckoo list and the entire room agreed with every name. Most of them did do that. Nigga It is good. He good. Most of them did do that. Who did we start with? So no, she on the Cuckoo list. I'm sorry.


I'm sorry. You fucked Larry. O Larry on y'all. Did Y'all see Larry? No. Who Women need to know and men, women and men need to know that You can get put on certain lists contingent upon who? You fucked That. That's true. That's true. That's true. Yeah. Or You can light them up or make them lit. But Summer Walker with a mic in front of her, she dropped a snippet. She sounds good. That sounds fucking impeccable. The heart of a woman. Some not singing about getting scorned like real love Bitch It is gonna be fucking with his drawing is the heart of a, I be playing The heart of a Woman.


Like they got hearts Yo. The things I do. Yeah, look at Mel. Hey. Ooh, hit the show. Armani. Who boss? Oh. Shit. That sounds beautiful. Yo. you know I had to look up Larry. Lemme see Larry. You looked up Larry. Lemme tell you. Look he did. Yo, lemme say you look yo This shit. Lemme see that nigga. Hey yo. You are a fucking idiot my nigga.


What was that nigga son? That's Larry, Larry from where? you know why you got that shit? His who is he? That's her ex man. A music exec. Hey yo dog. You are a nutcase, yo. Oh Jesus Christ. Yo. You she came into the game with Larry. No, no, no. I nah, he he must be up. But who is that nigga? That's, that's he, he must be that nigga got a blue fucking dread going the top of his head nigga. Oh. How you know him? you know him personally. It was a public relationship. Flip. You Are a I don. I don't know the man. Oh, I don. you know Joe, you know saw I be out owe Ry, you know I'll be outta whack with This Shit And they was rapping for each other.


That's it. Yo, you terrible. So she ain't, Hey yo, I saw that bullshit. Oh yo. The cuckoo list we write about don don't know if we ever gonna dis disclose the names, but we were right. Mel agreed. Don't let her protect her womanhood. Don't let her do that. Protect her grand. Can we like, can we name like three people on the Cuckoo's List? Would you mind you go ahead. You can name 'em. Go ahead. Yeah, go ahead. Take it away. Y'all put me to name. I don't remember. Yeah, you who asking? I'm not naming him. I ain't even Saying shit. He said he Oh. Shit. I'm leaving the house. don, don, Forget it. The lip readers are gonna be able to Don't snitch it on me.


Let's see what else, what else? What else is important or unimportant? I saw that bullshit. Movie trap bullshit at its finest. The, the trailer had me So fun in, in Night Shahe. Oh, that's the shit you fell asleep in Last time. Oh yeah. Nap. Y'all Keep letting them do it. Go. Yo, the trailer had me full. I mean, me, prince, my wife, we were there. We were watching it. Bullshit. The acting was trash. The, it was so bad that it was good. So isn't that maybe the point that it was supposed to be kind of campy? It got bad when he tried to convince that. He said he tried to convince his daughter to go down the hole. Like nigga like it, it, it was, it was, it was nasty. It was nasty. But I end up appreciating it for it being that nasty.


That's it. It Was so bad. It was good. I ordered them motherfucking chicken spring roll big water with a glass and took it down once he took the black, black dude downstairs to get some merch. Yeah. Get some shirts. don don't know how he made it out the arena. By the time I woke up, he was stealing a bike. Spoke while he was under arrest and ended up uncovering himself at the end of the movie. The nigga got Glad I slept. The nigga got tased by two people that end up getting outta being tased to put his fingers in the officer's eye. Then he got tased again. Like the shit. And on top of that, didn't shoot this nigga, he got tased while allegedly being drugged. He was supposed to be drugged 'cause he had put something in in the the pie.


So he was drugged. He was woozy. Then he had an imagination that it was his mother. He was going to her. They tased him. He got enough power to poke somebody. This shit was crazy. How he got caught was crazy. It, it was just, it was stupid. M night Sha and fuck you. I don't even have time for the review Jerry. I've only been saying this for years. Fuck you. Fuck the fucking your marketing, fuck your commercials. Fuck your editor. Like he, he them shit be working on me. Great concepts ever since the Village. But I liked, I liked ever since the Village. Yeah. I, that's when it was been. It's been fucked ever Since. The Lady in the Water or some shit like that you made to come back. That was fucking off. Split. Split was good. Was good. Unbreakable Split Good Split was great.


I heard Split Was amazing. Yeah. And then what was the other one that came after Glass? So yeah, glass unbreakable and split. So that's the trilogy. Trilogy, yeah. Yeah. And old. I like that one. Fuck Get Old The Fuck Outta here. Really old is one of the worst movies. I get. Shit. When I was at the beach. Great concept. Yes. Great concept Execution. Yep. Shout to M Knight. Shahan. Fuck you Scam Brothers. Decade. Decade. In fact he's pocketing all the money and doing some, He finances his own films. I could tell. 'cause his daughter ain't really have the slaps on stage either. No, no. All on nigga. The girl's eye on stage, yo. No, she was like, She looked like that was her first time on the stage. I, I had Princess Google.


I said who's this girl? She was I on stage the singer, They kept showing the audience. Nobody knew the words to the side. No, they, no. Anytime they show somebody singing the words it was a one nigga shot. They just panned it. It was three niggas it three nigga, three niggas. You talking about you a rock star. Like Yeah, we know these slaps. We don't know these slaps. Yeah. Did anybody see the finale of Mayor Kingstown? Of course I did not. And if you did explain it to me, I can't explain it 'cause I didn't finish it. What? What needs explanation? I'm definitely not You can SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT SPOILER ALERT. Yeah. SPOILER ALERT. Yeah. SPOILER ALERT.


So go ahead and hit that little 15 second button. Y'all be hitting. Fuck y'all. I watched it. It was phenomenal. I'm confused as, I'm confused as I don't know anything that happened in it. Even though a lot happened in it. It sure All the ops is out it seems like. Unless they did some little twisty twist shit. What happened to Bunny's ops? Wasn't Bunny's ops homeboys that came back? Milo. Milo. Yeah. But Milo was Constantine's. Op. Yeah he was Op. He had, he had Multiple ops. Milo was concerned with Constantine Bunny's niggas loaded up the weapons and then don don't know who they ended up shooting at.


don don't know who was shooting on the bridge. That Bridge shit was, I have no idea who was shooting on the bridge. That Bridge shit was too much. I have no idea if the cop dude that went to jail, 'cause he ended up being the brother. Being off the brother. Yeah. Yeah. What brother y'all talking about? I don't know what y'all not not a brother. That's At The end. That's who's, what's my man's Name? Mike. Mike. That's Mike's brother. That's not who I'm talking about. Oh. Which I'm Talking about the other cop. I'm talking about the cop that was slow that went to jail. Something happened and then he went to jail and then he was like a slow man. Now he wasn't A cop. Oh he, what was he? He was on something. He was on some special forces shit. Nah, he wasn't, he was never a cop. Listen to me.


Y'all fucking my shit up. He wasn't ever a cop. He was just a, a special dude that had a relationship with the cop. The cop dude might've been in his family or something. The one that be bringing him hamburgers and shit. Don don't know who the fuck you talking about, about hamburgers. The person I'm talking about worked on some type of force. Then something happened. He lost his marbles. He went to jail. That's the one that the cop came come Beat ice. They would kill a Dude on the porch. Yeah, he killed. Yes. Yeah. And they never said that he was no cop. Whatever he was, he lost his marbles in the car where they showed him. He seemed to regain his marbles quickly. He was acting slow. He was acting slow.


Oh I don't know. I can't remember. Oh no, my I gotta get out here. Take me to the other location. And the bull cop is saying, no, we need you right here. And then he got in the car and It is like, oh no, it's coming back to me. What about the man on the porch? Normal voice. And that's when he got, that's when dude shot Him. Yeah. So is the dude, did the dude lose his marbles or was he pretending for a different agenda? I'm confused Now. I don know. That's a good point. I don know. That's A good point. Also, his man that killed him. Is he a bad guy? Hmm. I guess these are the questions that are open for the next season because they kind of wrapped up some of the other shit.


Tell me. Well they, sorry they popped Milo. They popped Constantine fucking what's her name's dead dude Be on the bus. I didn't, I thought all, I thought all of that was pretty fast too. Shot the crazy guy on the SWAT team. The brother shot the dude on the SWAT team. He's still alive. He's still alive. Oh Okay. Yeah, he's still alive. 'cause they arrested the brother arrested the, they arrested him. But he did the right thing. He did absolutely. He did the right thing. That dude was about to kill a family man thought little other way around. Yeah, he was gonna kill a family man. He did the right thing. The finale was great. I'm just not sure that I understand it the way I would like to So I shoot out The bridge was absolutely unbelievable. I mean, I guess there's a lot of parts of the show that's unbelievable. But that was absurd. I'm gonna watch it again.


Yeah, I have to watch it again. I'm gonna watch I. gotta watch it. I fell asleep on it last night. I tried to watch it this morning and I'm, I'm, that was a, that was a very, it was a very entertaining season. Huh? You was tired or did she put you to bed? Hm, I fell asleep on it last night. So I watching. Did any of Therons watch House of Dragon finale? I ain't watched that since Did not episode two? No. Alright. I wanted to binge I wait. That and Mayor Ofe? Yeah, finale's over. Oh good. No, no. They Only did eight episodes this year. I ain't see it. They keep cheating. I heard that shit was a two pack of as it was. That's What I heard. It is very anti-climatic. The whole season was anti except for the, the episode with the Dragons fought trailer. There was trailer season three. Yeah. Basically it was a fucking eight episode trailer all build up. No nothing That's said disappointing.


They said, they said the series is gonna end after Four Seasons. Yeah. I don't like this yo. I was too hype about House of Dragons for this to be. Whoa. That's true. I had to hear it from, man The Throne aint no Dragon. No, no. Fuck you We talk because then I came in and said in Midseason, I ain't heard nothing. Hey, I ain't hearing nothing from all you. You before you Throne is you did Dog Real Talk. I have not watched that shit since like episode three Now. I watched him. It really wasn't, this ain't do it to me. This shit was, I So when the Dragons was lit Didn't fight. I I didn't make it that far yet though, is what I'm saying. Well, like I was hyped coming off a Game of Thrones. We had a gap. We last season was fire the way it ended. We ready for This shit to drop and, but even Game of Thrones Joe, it took you a couple seasons to really become a Game of Thrones head.


Yeah, But they usually gave you something to fucking, They gave something Season one was the, the equivalent to the Dragons fight. Yeah. Net stop. They off the main character in the end of season one. That was, I'm not disagreeing, That's what got me. But in this finale that was my wrestling. It was Mud wrestling. That shit was some Bullshit. Right. A big This shit was a big deal. This Shit. Shut up. I'm with you. What you was saying like I'm, no, I'm honest about it. This shit did not do it for me. To the point where I wasn't rushing to watch it. It was nine o'clock or something. It was this Whole season was man, this Series. Yeah. I'm telling you the series, we just don't have like the same attachment to these characters. Yeah. The character development hasn't been the same.


That's true. Trying to force it. And I was just like, all right, I can find something else. He said Homeboy going crazy on an island by himself for fucking a whole season. That shit is That Is trash. Foreign shit. Trash. And then the Dragons Right. No, the dragons was lit. Dragons. That was the only part that Was lit. They were scared to fight. Oh nah. They was getting in. They was getting it in. What Mel said, I think is it like you don't buy into the people. It's true. Like we, we little finger the dude, the fat dude with the bald head. You can't say that. All of them. You can't say that. Say From the seventies. Say little person. Oh, ion Tarian land. Ster. Pardon me? Him. You, you kind of bought into them. Mm. These jokers You don't buy in like not at all.


Yeah. So I think, I think that's it. The the characters ain't resonating with the with the, with the fans. Yeah. But that should have been washed out from the mud wrestlers. And The red wedding. And The red wedding. I'm not even forgot your red wedding. No, no, no, no. I'm not even gonna play with, I'm not even gonna play with the red wedding like that. Now you can't play with because this, this is like what you throwing these did with This shit. Then they got the nerve to announce it's two more seasons. Next one's coming in 2026 With two more shows coming. Yeah. One animated I guess and one live action. Them niggas lost that Star Trek bag and got to writing. Yeah they did. I could have wrestled into Mud for that check. They should have spiced it up like they did the last season. The other chip should have put some McDonald's bags in there.


Starbucks. Starbucks Coffee in there. Spice it up. So. I Am sorry for you throwing these that was excited about This. shit. Thank you. All over my time. People was, people were upset and angry. Yeah, it was Boring. I couldn't even make it this far. Like I watched It is this is second season? Yeah, the first season was good. First Season was cool but you expect some lead up. But now we're still leading the fuck up. Like Man, first season finale. We thought we was getting to the shit Season two. Yeah. Word. We was like whoa. Yeah, now we here. Niggas was picking they sides. Nigga was like, yo, we getting to it season two. And then it's like I'm straight AKA. But yo we're talking about shows. American crime story is back with another one. They doing that's the ones that did oj.


Yeah. Yeah. Aaron Hernandez. Oh. Shit. September 17th. September 17th though FX is back. They FX ain playing. They Don't play. They never play. They had a law for a little bit, but they came back strong. Oh. don don't know the law. There was a little bit of a low, there was The old man coming back too. Oh. That's the low right there. The old man. No worries. Soon as he come back I'm killing him low. He gonna be older. The older man. The oldest man. Damn. What happened to the old man? I tell Fast. I break the, he ain't fooling me no more. Stupid, yo. Yep. Y'all could have that. What yo dog. How many docs you gonna see on this nigga? Killing people.


This is not a doc. No, this Is, this is a, this is, Yeah, this is not a doc. That's What makes this good. Like that's why I seen all the doc, that's why I was able to watch the, the OJ one. They have actors portraying and doing This shit. They crazy. But I'm Not a document. Are you familiar with American crime story? They did Versace shit. They was Fired. Yeah. I'm asking. Hello? No, It is Doc to me. They're, it's not reenacted. What's the the good? Yes, but it, it's like the actors that they choose the portrayals are amazing and sometimes there's, there's facts that come out through the portrayal of the actors that you kind of missed with all of like, you know, the news reports and stuff like that. So it just paints a picture in a really cohesive way. And it's Ryan Murphy. That motherfucker is like Ryan. you know Ryan, I mean Big Ride.


No, no. It's like, it's American Horror Story. It's American crime story. It's all that shit. He's like fucking dope. I'm looking forward to it. I really can't. American crime story is is like, what's the name of Shaq and Kenny and them. What's the name of the shit inside NB Inside. Inside It is that of these style shows. It's amazing. So when they announced even off the, the sheer, the announcement of whatever the case is, it's normally a big deal. That OJ shit was some of the best television easily. It was shit amazing That also, but I wanna stay with oj. Yeah because maybe that story was really popularized, everybody already knew the story but what they did, what those actors did with the portrayal of it.


Primetime gotta be seated to watch it. The Versace shit was one of my favorite ones ever. That's one of my favorite ones ever. Poor Versace was just going to get some coffee in the paper. Boy do I relate to that gay dude laid up on him. You relate To that too. Gay dude. Yo, Yo Just, you know, that's Hurtful. It landed on you. It landed On you. That was, He laid up and landed. Yo, That was not nice. Age nigga Are disgusting. Yeah, Don't Come back with your little French. Nah, I'm freaky French jokes on You. Got it. So, so anyway, the Aaron Hernandez one, I'm expecting to be, I'm expecting to be just as amazing.


They always do a great job at even picking the cases that this is gonna be amazing. I ain't gonna lie to you. That Homicide la shit by the way was a little disappointing. Yeah. It was nowhere near New York. Not at All. Nowhere near New York at SNOO Snooze Fest. But give you niggas a box of hugs for Christmas. Nah, but real talk yo crime ducks. I'm I'm not doc man. you know that don don't watch none of them doctors. You don't go to the doctor I don. Oh you do For sure But. yeah. They, they make This shit in a way where it don't even feel like you watching a doc. Yeah, I remember the o That's really how popular. I remember the OJ shit. That's what make This shit so dope. So I'm, I'm looking forward to this September 17th I press decline.


Oh, you seeing who they got playing Aaron Hernandez? Yeah, but the cast I don't really recognize Might be even better. Like they're, they're, I don't wanna call them unknown so they're probably just like a bunch of character actors. But I mean his name is Josh Andreas Rivera. It's gonna be a lot of Oh that was dude from that. Right. Yeah. It's gonna be a lot. It's what it always is. Exactly. So yeah, a lot of actors that just look like they've got like a lot Of listen they know forget, you know I Dd Credits they don't for getting it right. So yeah, if they, if they felt like this is the guy for it, I'm gonna roll with them. I ain't mad at it. I will be watching this though. I watch one or two episodes. So I can come in probably with my cast. That was Pecos calling about the Ferrari.


If you want me to put you down P who down you, you. Y'all going Joy riding. Fuck is wrong with you? You can get the small, the small Ferrari. Yo. I can't get. You could, I don't even like horses. Fuck. I like yo dog. I, I told you I'm shell shot. Yo. You think them shit's with civics over that bitch How many Ferrari's they have? I'm like yo. What else? What else? What else do you guys care about Drake announcing the party and Drake collab album coming sometime soon? He, he did say that Fall 2024. I do But don don't know if I trust that it's coming anytime soon. Mm. They made it sound like it was coming soon. Sure.


So I was more excited seeing Drake play rehearse with the band or whatever that was. Pipe down. Yeah. Smoked it. I think Drake with some live music would be a vibe. Nigga slapped him into live instrumentation. Nigga slap that nigga to getting closer to music. You know Nigga sent that nigga to a saxophone. Hey. And he sounds great. He Sounds great. Yeah, I wanna hear that. Pipe down. Sounds great. Over live music. Oh, I don't know what he preparing for but I'd like to hear he slapped that nigga to unplugged album. Oh man. Unplugged him Plugged an acoustic God damnit man.


Speaking of the gentleman, Mr. Hotshot, he was the one that had, we were talking about with the sample. He came out and said he had no problem clearing the sample if they just made it a clean version. Easy enough. What do you think now? Standby. What is it? He said he sent them over a version that, you know, hopefully they would do it like that. He sent them over a clean version. But I, I was just like, this nigga is crazy. That's my man child. Tell. But I said, man, just, just let it go. They already put it out, you know what I mean? He said hopefully, 'cause he said he is not trying to stop them from making any money or stop them from putting any music out.


I did hear that. It's over. Yeah. That shit ain't coming out officially. I listen. Well we knew that when they put it out. Yeah. Right. Yeah. But You can still release to, to monitor. I like to actually sell it. If I was gonna sell it, I wouldn't have put it out. Or maybe they probably put it out to put pressure on him. I think that he, he said there was a lot of backlashes. Yeah. He was getting, they was on him about it. That spot. Yeah. High shot. He fucked up for not clearing the record. Yeah. There's a lot of backlash he received. So Yeah, just go ahead and put you some reverses and some beeps. Keep it pushing. Listen, if I'm, if I wrote this and wanted to hear, wanted the people to hear my curse words, sometimes the reverse is gonna fuck it up.


True. Sometimes taking the word out completely might fuck it up. Streets just watch it still sound Funny. That's, that's kind of like what It still sound Funny. Andre 3000 was saying about the verse he did for Ye he didn't anticipate it was going out clean like that. And I would prefer it not. Right. So I want that whole album dirty. Me too. That Donda album make it hard to Kanye just doing bullshit. You know What I'm saying? I'm tired of the big dogs doing bullshit. Like the big dogs ain't really, nah. Seems like they're trying to keep up with the disposable music era in a way that don don't want to hear that from the fucking geniuses and legends and Me, me either Take, take your time. It's cool. I'm not in no hurry, But if I'm a big dog and I put in all this work, I kind of earned the right to do some bullshit if I want.


Yeah. Yes, yes. But I've, I've, I've earned this to where I could experiment. You can say what you want some of these names. I didn't expect to be phased out before 2025. I'm not trying to have a talk about niggas creative processes. Got you. I'm saying the niggas that ran shit forever in 2024 look phased out. They do. Mm. But they had 20 year runs. I'm not saying it's a bad thing. No, no, no. I'm just saying what goes up, months come down. That's True. No, I'm just saying. But to think it happened to everybody. But This, this feels self-inflicted a little bit. Absolutely. A self-inflicted phase out. You think he, you think he feels like that though? You get what I'm saying? Like you, I I I think He could tell a difference when, when, when they support you and when they not.


Oh, I Believe that. But I'm saying I think When they got their finger on you and when they take it off In his arrogant brain. 'cause you gotta think this nigga has a level of arrogance that's to the moon deservedly so he think This shit is fire. You think in here his ears, he's putting out mid, I don't think that, yo, I'm not even talking about the quality of the music. I'm talking about the reach of it, how far it goes in the channel. Oh, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. That you have to go through to distribute that. To Distribute it. Gotcha, Gotcha. Got it ain't, it ain't the same. It ain't as easy. It ain't the same as well he said that media companies and content companies, making sure your songs are charted, making sure you are seen, making sure your album is heard by I heard everywhere. Yeah. He just pressing the button in hoping that his fans and he got enough of them to, whereas it, it does something but it ain't the niggas being Put in the right places.


Hell Do you Think, do you think he's actually like playing a chart game or trying to appear be number one? I don't think he's doing none of This shit. But you still watch and I think he knows. I think he is just because he's, The odds are stacked against Him. I think he is just because of those texts that leaked when Vultures one came out, the text that, I don't wanna say leaked. Somebody put 'em out of him communicating with his team and the text thread about what needs to happen for, for this song to be number one or for this album, the chart And it Did chart. So it does and The Carnival whatever was a hit. Yeah. But even with Vir Vultures one, we had to go, like if I already know what happened with that album when Vultures one dropped, we had to go look for it. True. It was not on the first page.


It wasn't you just open and It is right here. We had to actually go search and find that album. But that's speaking of Joe Point though, So, I'm saying if I know that I, I might not be playing that game because I know I'm not getting them looks. So I'm still gonna put my music out the way I want to. Yeah. But I, I think I think that, but Joe talked about the text message thread that got distri Pop Leaked got leaked. Yeah. Right. You wouldn't be having that conversation with your team. That's number one. And I think also in his brain, like I've been against the system so long that I went around y'all and I still get to number one or I still chart or I still get some level of commercial success speaks to my genius. Yeah. I do think that's still something. You get what, what I'm saying I think that I think that speaks to his jeans.


It's almost like saying fuck Adidas or fuck Nike and my clothing brand that I did on my own would still reach this certain pinnacle. What you did I think that What you did I think that I it's it's across the board With him and I think that that's one of his goals. Agreed. you know what I'm saying? Like, don don't need y'all. Fuck y'all and I still did it. So I think That would be something that's important to him. I just want music that people put time into Or just finish it before you Just Finish it. Just finish it. Yeah. That's Just finish It. Just finish it. Look at this. That's crazy. I think that's working. Look at the bar. I think it's working against him. Don don't know that he cares though. I think he does. So LeBron heard the pod.


Oh, for real. How do you know? I know that 'cause he posted the Drake Air Force one or whatever that was with the little OVO sign underneath the shit that says Love my brother. Oh. Put a little infinity sign. He put, he put all our our theories to bed. If that's how you look at it, What, What do you call The theories? He either put him to bed or reinforced it. Last pod I came on and was like, let me fucking update Ish since he was in Portugal shaking his ass feeling good. Fucking last part. I was like the beef between Drake and Drake and LeBron is heating up.


And why did I say that? Why did I say that? Because Savannah was, 'cause she posted, he posted all the pictures of everybody without LeBron. Yeah. But he been to that and then Savannah warn not like us. So the PG lane shirt And LeBron was in the picture as Well. Yeah, So, I just said the beef was heating up and it'll be interesting to watch. And that conversation developed into who's right, who's wrong and this is the first loving sign And whether or not there was a beef. Yeah. Yeah. So LeBron is now answering your theory with A, so LeBron is now posting. Gotcha. Yeah, because we Discussed About him outta nowhere. Yeah. And don't get it fucked up. I do feel like most of these big people that you think are never listening to your shit, hear every single word. I've learned that.


I've always felt like that. Yeah. I didn't. But I've definitely learned that If you say they name or you or you say something that send their world, somebody gonna hear it, send it right to 'em. Now they hip to what you're saying now you got a beef with fucking Michael Jackson. You had no idea Prince Come over play the guitar in your face. So what do you think it means? I didn't take nothing from it outside of LeBron hurt the pod. Oh, okay. That's it. I'm not, I don't care about their relationship. What's up bro? Man's sl. I take it that LeBron is aware of Brandon and nope. I I I keep things clean. I don't want nobody saying I got no issues. Nowhere. Let me put that to bed even if it's not true. Mm. Yeah. The the, the image that it sh the message that it sends out is let me do that.


Which is also why I was saying that the him at the show sends a message. Mm. Him maybe in his mind leaving before Ike before. I know Kendrick is getting to not like us. Let me not be here while that song is playing. Right. Because I'm aware of the message it sends if I'm here jamming to that while it's playing. I think everything LeBron does is image first. For sure. Strategic It is strategic. Yeah. Somebody pointed out to me and he was like, yo, you missing the beef. Might not be LeBron and Drake. And a lot of times fellas, we, some of us could relate to this. It could have been Savannah very cool with Serena, if that's your friend and this dude is doing that, they said it's Savannah and Drake, it's It is her.


And now you, you kind of trapped in there. Now what do you do? I think we alluded some of that in the pot. One of my exes ain't like Joe. And what did that Do? And that's why y'all stop talking. That's why. Yeah. Oh, so you chose Joe over the ex. Why chose the ex over Joe? I ex of yours ain't like Joe. I'll tell you. Oh, Your exes love Joe. Nah, Unless You got a secret. I know about your ex. I'm one of your, your I'm your ex's favorite friend of yours or not. Why they ain't like me? We used to be out too much. And you used to, you you he used to throw just don't know how to, That's not True. It don't really know to, you know, Joe Heavy. That's not what happened.


Yeah. Yo, this nigga Joe, man. Yeah. And then we Ran over here too. Who he's was with Joe. Now I'm getting mad again. That nigga lived around the corner. Like Joe would pick me up. We was legitimately going out, but we used to just be out a lot and she used to be like, yo. And I'm like, so It is Joe fault. Right. You put it on Joe. I didn't But you did. You didn't correct her. Yo. That's her own assessment. Yo, you hanging out with Joe nigga I'm grown Me down. Nah, Let It Is Joe. Oh, word. Yeah. Yeah. So in that instance, what?


Okay, All right. No, of course we gonna take that out. That's What I Did. That's why I did like this. But That is what I meant. Okay. Wow. I'm just happy LeBron listens to the bud and absolute, I'm gonna get the fuck out of there. Yeah, Whatever. Yeah, we gonna, Let's see, let's see. Big Sean says he ain't getting married. I mean, he said more than that. Yes. A lot more. Was it a lot more? Let me try to find the clip. Yeah, you find that one while you guys say something. I wonder what shorty has to say in a couple of days. We might get a reply when her next album drop. I already did one of those secret industry weddings.


Industry wasn't No, no. There has not been a secret industry. Marriage. I think that. Be careful. Take your time. It's It is a, it's a little personal, you know what I mean? You try to Duck it Just like to be real with you. Just like any people who have dealt with love, we've had our ups and downs, you know what I'm saying? Damn. Ups and downs. And I think it's still finding the right navigation through it all. don don't know if now that's if The right navigation, find some more buzz buzzword. Marriage symbolizes like the best relationship.


you know, people would be like, oh, you gotta get married to me. I feel like having a relationship is first and foremost and like That's true. That's true. Marriage is a byproduct of that. And I feel like a lot of people get the idea of like, oh, you have to get married. But then It is like, to me that's almost a fear-based way of thinking too. Because then people, Sean, he's looking for the spin. He about the spin. He's trying, he's fighting his way out that paper bag. I'm someone who, He's still going, I'm not like discounting anything. And I'm not saying that we aren't gonna get married, but what I'm saying is, is that, What are you saying Sean? I would like to do a lot. I would like to And don don't like putting on Yo I.


gotta get outta there, you know, but yo, there's a lot. I love Charlamagne. Just quiet. Let him sink. What a pro In general, we're so many, we have so many relationships. Yeah. Here being Oh, Shit fucked Up group together. Parents romantic, all, you know, it's like, it's a, it's a crazy, it's a crazy connection because Right. come on, nigga is sleeping on. I know that nigga household is on fire. Nigga sleeping on couch. He still had it. She and me both have to be on the same page.


IIII can only speak for myself. No, lemme save him. I Got it off. Lemme save him. come on. Done Up with Sean. With, with, with Man. Shit. And this comes after, after the performance footage at the Janae concert where Sean popped out, he's performing. His verse says something by the ring Janae looks at her fingers. Like what? She's like what ring? Fuck outta here lying in these songs. Holy shit. That was hilarious. Who do I torture to first with this one? Holy shit. Anybody please? That Was a whole lot of motherfucking nothing. He was, that was a word salad of nothing. With some Good dressing.


With some good dressing. Yes. Yo Shawn, next time just go, yo, marriage is a construct and I, we don't really play too. you know what I Mean? He, and he could have totally gotten away with that. 'cause he got the earthy, backpacker kind of, you know, vibe going. Yeah. Get outta there. And so does she. So people would've totally believed it. I'd just been like, yo, I I, the marriage conversations are personal for me. Me and my partners. He Started and he started it with that. And then, But I know they dug a hole, but Charla ain't let him bake and When, you let somebody bake. Sometimes they feel like they just gotta keep Talking. They, they ain't saying enough And he kept talking. Char may let him walk. Right, right. Out doing that. They got together what, 2016 and bake Yourself 8, 8, 8 years and baked yourself a shit sandwich.


Fuck. Do y'all think that these, these pressures are normal? When you with somebody for eight years? come on, let's try this. And also When, You have absolutely baby with them too. I mean, I think the pressure might be there as well. And I think the pressure might be because big Sean's been engaged before And she's been married before. So You can see somebody looking at all right, if you've been to the point, wherever point you needed to get to, to get engaged and then I've been with you for eight years and we have a child together. Why? Well, what's up now? I've noticed some people that have been engaged or previously married that were in absolutely no rush to get married regardless of kid or length of relationship. So Same. But Janae pointing to her ring finger on stage saying what ring means I'm waiting.


I think it's interesting that one of the, within the word salad that he was, you know, spewing, he was just like, you know, we kind of gotta be on the same page. I'm like eight years in with a baby. You're not on the same page. Don't Have to be Positive. It don't have to be very, that might be indicative of there being larger issues. Heath. Some people be mad. His sentiment was that we got some shit to work out. Yeah. And some people be married for a long time. You don't really know your partner. You may jump into something so quick. You don't, you didn't get to know each Other. No, nigga we changed. Yeah, you went left. I went times and we just changed. We looking at the world differently. I'm not mad at what it's just saying. Like, what's wrong with being on the cautious, erring on the side of caution when it comes to spending the rest of your life with him.


Duh. It's scary. It is, It is a scary thing. We got some, we've been together eight years, the last two and a half. I seen some shit. you know what I mean? Well, I mean, wouldn't you say that a child is more of a commitment than marriage because you can't get rid of the kid. Yeah, but You can get rid of the person. But. Yeah. You can with marriage. You can divorce. There's annulment. You lost Him. I'm saying like, That's the thing that the girls are saying now. No, I, I already have A baby that to Make a commitment. Marriage It is not even, even don. Don't think it's a gender question. I think it's a real question. It's just like, okay, so You can have a baby with somebody and That is, to me, marriage more of a commitment marriage than marriage. I mean, because You can always annu a marriage or get divorced. The kid is always going to be what connects the two of You.


One problem with that is please don't attack me. Ooh, attack him. You gonna attack clip yourself In the baby scenario, man always don't have no say so in that. Okay, So, so so what I'm saying is in the marriage, oh, he smoked your boots with that one? Not really. You You can not really, no, not, you know, I mean yes, you, you, you're having sex with a person. Of course I get it. But going fine, a woman gets pregnant. That doesn't necessarily mean the man wants to go down that road. He might not want this. It's not up to him. So yeah, you are tied. But that could be a one-sided decision that ties y'all. And marriage is in that moment where marriage, he has a say so or relationship period.


Relationship boyfriend and girlfriend. I smoked already what you guys say. No, 'cause we're speaking about Big Sean and Do they live together? I don dunno, we assume that, do they, do we assume, I'm assume we assume they I don cohabitate. we know, We assume. And I'm gonna Hear from you then not. Yeah, I'm just saying like in this particular situation, they seem to cohabitate, they have their child, they're raising it together. So like that argument, sure it stands but not in this particular instance. Let's, let's take this off. Let's take this off with them. Let's say hypothetically you and I are in a relationship with you. No, we in a relationship. Okay. And I want to have a baby with you.


You want have a baby with me? We have a child now I see that you're a shitty parent. Yes. What happens then? Don don't know what happens then. I'm just saying. Or You let go of yourself. Or we could have been on the same page. What pre-baby. We could have been on the same page. Pre-baby. Now I'm starting to see things about you as a mom or, or a person. Or you could be selfish as fuck. you know what I mean? It's a lot of things. I, I just wrote some shit the other day that said that a lot of marriages are breaking up because when the baby comes, the women forget the man and focus a child, make they focus on the child. They totally forget the man. Wait, why are you being dismissal Dismissive? I'm not being dismissive.


Why should listen, stop keep making these Faces. I'm not making, I Face, there's certain challenges in relationship. You Get what I'm saying? So you might go into a relationship. We've all had relationships that fail. You go into a relationship optimistically with the best intentions and then realistically some shit fell off the rails and it didn't pan out. Yeah. You could be with, You could be with somebody for a long time and you know, like you start to see their character and start to see different things. When different scenarios come up, you start to see how they respond to it. It is just a lot of things. And before you take that step of marriage, you wanna make sure everything is okay. You want to check it. Like I know that if we are in this situation, you will handle it like this.


I know if my child go through something, a lot of niggas be, a lot of niggas be shitty parents. That's a big thing as well. Like they don't really be good mothers or fathers. And do a nigga wanna marry somebody like that? I'm not saying with this situation, you don't wanna marry somebody. You be either too spoiled with a child or you may be too rough with a child. You may have somebody have a say so in your family, like your, your your, your mother may have a say so more than the other parent. Like it's a lot of things that niggas don't want to be married to. What'd You say to that? It's understandable that when people, you know, are in a long-term relationship, they change. That is the expectation that as we grow, we evolve. you know, and you guys might evolve away from each other, but some people look at marriage as a lifelong commitment and they're like, you may evolve.


I may evolve, but we're going to be accepting of each other's changes. If we're gonna go back to Big Sean and you know, and his situation, all signs point towards them being couple goals. you know what I'm saying? Like that's the Melyssa stop Right there. That's publicly stop right There. No, I I know that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying it's a fact. I'm not saying it's a fact. This is the first time anybody's ever heard anything contrary coming out of his mouth. That's all I'm alluding to. And so what I'm also saying still stands, it's just like, it seems like you know him talking about them might, you know, not being on the same page. It seems like there's greater issues than whether or not they're married or going to get married.


you know? And it sounds like he's willing to work through them. That's Fine. Yeah. Maybe. I Feel like that part should be highlighted. It should Be. It Shouldn't be. He ain't bouncing. He's there saying, Hey we'll cross that bridge when we get there. For now we got some work to Do. Got some work to do. I feel like marriage indicates two people being in their best possible state. And I just don't know if we're there yet because it's such a long term commitment. Why would you want to coerce a man or pressure a man into doing some of that? I say it all the time. I don't, don don't get that. I know that men are from Mars and women are from Venus when it comes to this And, but, but I think that a lot of that shit in the coercion comes from society. I remember one of my exes, I was with her for a long time. Is This the one that didn't like me?


You thought about man and a girl that didn't like me. Nigga who the fuck is you? Yo Anyway, yo listen dog. Yo yo, listen I was with, I'm just, I was, I was, I was in a, a long-term relationship and she told me like she would go to work or she would just be talking and they would be like, oh my boyfriend. They'd be like, oh how long you guys been together? And she would be like, seven years. And they and women would snicker. Right? Same girl. Fast forward says dog. At that point in time when our relationship, we were like the envy of all of her friends. Like now in hindsight we were the envy of all of her friends.


And I'm like, yeah, but them the same bitches that were snickering, they was in bad relationships but they was married because that was the quote unquote goal. Happiness wasn't the goal. You get what I'm saying? So we doing shit that these married couples can't do, wish they could do, we enjoying the world but they couldn't do it. But they was snicker at you 'cause you ain't have a ring. Mm. So I just think that When you, like you said the couple's goal thing to people's eyesight, their couple's goals. 'cause niggas don't see them on a day-to-day ba basis and know what the fuck they're going through in their household. For some people marriage is the ultimate goal. Sure. And you know, spending time in a relationship as years go by, you're just like, where's the forward momentum to you know, kind of hit these landmarks and shit like that.


That's important for some people. So go start Over. For other people it's not so start from Scratch man. That that like a option. You want Some momentum, you want some momentum? The fuck go to a new team. I'm going through the meeting. Go to a new team and win the red. Yeah. You want some momentum? Yeah, you want to, you want to cut this eight years and go start from scratch. The dating scene ain't ain't too pretty out there. It It is It is It is peeing out water. And I want, I want, I want to just cut through the meat and potatoes. Is the marriage so important to you as a woman or can I just put you in the will and call this a day? Because I feel like that's what a lot of women are really saying. I don't think so. Yo, your point is logical and rational status. I think your point makes sense to us, to men to membrane.


Your point makes sense because as a woman you don't wanna be with somebody for 20 years and now they pass away and here come the aunties and the nieces and them and you don't get shit. Right. No, I've made a lifetime commitment to this man. I've invested into this. Yeah And I understand that from, I totally Under from We understand that So I put you in the will. Can we shut the fuck up about a ring and a big wedding and a reception and a honeymoon and all this other shit that's gonna get in debt? No. 'cause I don't think they want get married for that security. I could be guessing. I'm not a One. Why do you think that women primarily wanna get married? I think a lot of that shit, the combo goals, a lot of that shit be about the the the look. The optics. The the optics. Yeah. I think a lot of that shit be about the optics. Okay. Because nobody really know what marriage is.


Man. Like these people that's Getting married speak on it. They don't know what marriage Is you're gonna make in front of you. Speak. I'm speaking on It. Okay. Don't shoot it. Flip project. Project too. I can't project, I Didn't know what marriage is initially, but I end up, you know, shout to my wife, you know she end up putting up with me and vice versa. And that's marriage. I end up learning about it and appreciating it a little more. But a lot of people don't know what marriage is. Man. It is easier said than done. I think a lot of times it's the outlook on it, the optics of it. You wanna be accepted into that society because you hear about that dream that you have as a child. Right. Like yo When, you get older, you gotta get married. you know that society made marriage important, you know what I mean?


And I know some people now they're changing the whole dynamics of being together. Like I put you, like Joe said, I'll put you on my will. Don't worry about it. Or even if we get married, let's have two separate homes like this Caveat marriage is about you Look at your own paragraph in the will yo 5K for her. Yo Yo. Guess what though? 10 K for her. You know what though? You can change that will tomorrow. No You can't change this motherfucking ring. You Get what I'm saying? That that's the dope part about Wills. That's the one thing I learned from succession. Now we gonna change This shit yearly. Go ahead and act up yo People change it. You can change it wi Anytime you want at. Whenever You feel like it. Anytime you want You can write one of the show write that shit On a fucking napkin Gone.


They changed it. Oh yeah, yeah. Hell Yeah. Yeah that's when niggas show up to your deathbed and put a pin in your hand. Little Granddad Right, right here. Hey big dog right here. It is to me snotty some nigga named Snotty. Snotty Snotty. Yo you see me Grand yo Big Sean Janae, we love you. Yeah Do or dope whatever. Yeah I don't care. Happiness is the goal. Sure. Do you, do you plan on getting married? Yeah, I think so. My, my my girl Wedding traditional or city hall? Yeah. Come to Big Sean and them. Nah, I think I'm gonna go go away. You Oh. wow. Yeah. Are you gonna Elope?


Wow. Okay. Ish? No, I'll probably do a destination wedding. That's fucking rough. That. is it rough? The it's it's A good heard cheaper. So not for your guests. It depends on how much money you got because if you got a lot of money you could just pay for all This shit. Yeah you could Pay all This shit. Oh. Shit? Yeah. Okay. How big a what do you have? Oh not a lot. About 10 of y'all. Three. Three people. About 10, 12. Y'all motherfuckers come on out here Join. Well what about how fame got Chicken wings for Everybody? This shit. Chicken wing all The resort. That was racist. That Was collar grid. The resorts though didn't mean the packages and shit but Real does she have a big family?


I mean I don't think no big small Because you like a nigga that really make you like me. We make the decisions. You have to speak to her. You like you making a decision already. Like yo, we gonna have a destination wedding, it's gonna be 20 motherfuckers. Don't worry don don't give a fuck. Who? That's what you give me. I'm not that though. Oh okay. I I'm projecting I'm be on that. Yeah you are nigga we not inviting all people because don don't. What's up with women wanna throw big extravagant shit? Keep that shit simple because they Not optics nigga. Oh nobody care about plates. don don't wanna pay for plates nigga. That nigga pay for your own plates like shit like That would bugging me out. I wanna renew our shit. What a wedding? 'cause you up now. What? Wait, what? Yeah And I looked at I look what come with that nigga up That ring nigga I gotta see how my man if he get married, the one y'all get married.


I gotta see how I gotta do it. I've seen Plenty of men that want to renew their vows. No it's not a problem. And that's no it's 'cause I got caught. That's the only reason why they This. shit. This nigga just immediately bus out laughing yo. I gotta see how y'all do y'all weddings If Y'all get married that's it. I'm gonna invest in me. I do too. Some Cartiers real soon. Yo. I ain't gonna hold you. I wasn't gonna be in Central Park. It Should be lit. It is gonna be in a backyard somewhere. You act like I'm copying right off.


Michael Paul. Michael Paul took his wife and his daughter. You said that somewhere got married away from the poppers away from the communist. Came back to his beautiful wood cabin sitting on acres and built some tables outta trees and had some caterers come over and was My intimate family and friends. Was It nice? My family beautiful. Absolutely stunning. They redid Deval parts so we could watch but it was in a yard. So you walk out in my little suit nigga I'm going back in the crib. I love that he smoked that Parks wedding. Right. Hometown again. It was just Ian in here.


Ian still here 11. Man, If Ian didn't do so much good for my career, boy I wouldn't have showed up. I wouldn't have came. But once niggas get you up, It is like, you gotta be like Alright you know this nigga is the fool. He ain and shit. Oh Man. You been talking about This though. Like He ain had them fucking Jewish meatballs. The meatballs with the brown gravy in the, and the and the, you know the little tiny ones. Aren't those Swedish meatballs? Whatever they are. They was Jewish that night. They was Coaching. Yeah They was them Jewish meatballs with the Jewish server in the kitchen. I'm like oh my god She on. Yeah With like dog don don't Man this guy's a fool dog.


I hate them shit. I tap my girl McDonald's. It is, There's no better sign of Unity when You can look at your partner without saying the word. Without saying It is, oh That Is the the best shit in the world yo. They just know what time It is. Yep. Yo stomach hurt. Yeah Exactly. He Got It. Yo we gotta go Ack Mundo That is the best. So then, so he had good food. Parks had good food at His joint. Everything about that. Everything At Parks Wedding was everything about Parks. Literally Politics was the vibe. And the wedding is Lit. Man Wedding is a good time if you do it right And heat up nigga and Rim friends And Park and Parks got a couple well shot the Parks real quick. Real quick. Did you Rim friends came through and tried to kick Park friends outta here with all that drug dealer money They showed up with they motherfucking Cubans on and the pointy shoes.


I was like, oh them niggas Pat Boys, When I, That's them. Yeah, They came right in time. You Parker watching at the wedding? No, not Parks, I mean other people. Oh I wasn't Oh. Shit. Okay. It wasn't that kind of vibe. I wasn't, it was really just a lot of fun. Nah, his wedding was lit. Yo. Nice. That's what makes When. you got the food from us. That's what make me want to get married. Like the fun that I've had at Good Weddings, my Brother loves a chef got. Oh okay. Got me done Got it. That's fine. How much you pay like disgusting That platform? No, I wasn't trying. No I wasn't trying to. I'm just saying even with the hookup. Oh it's so expensive. Yeah that shit was still a lot It is what I was saying. Well You can tell Parks Wayne was expensive.


No, that's what I'm saying. That's what's up. Speaking of expensive or maybe not Tory Lanes bought bottles for the entire club and Huh? Recorded a message over the jail phone to be played as the bottles were being served. Where? Oh where? Toronto. Oh he's gonna get hometown. Y'all go first. 'cause I think that's fly. I think It's Fly, fly Fly was dope. It's fly, fly. Just curious about how but whatever. Is he preparing himself to get deported? Well y'all think nigga being in jail mean he ain't got no money to to bust go. No, No. don don't think he doesn't have money. It just like to time it. Nah, the message was played. I mean whoever you talk to, you record a message. Was it for someone's birthday party or something that he knew it was happening?


No bro. Shut up with that birthday shit. Yeah. Yeah. The CEO's on the tick too. Nigga they need, they gotta eat. Fuck you talking about? Yo, you got a cell phone throw. You got people out there to doing the work. It is not a big Yeah It is not a big to-do. No, my thing was you played the message, you bought some bottles. I thought it was super fly's. I think that's way better than when Kanye was popping up in LA Clubs to stop the music and talk for 45 minutes. Don Don't know how them niggas let him do That. Something killer Kanye he done got shot At in New York doing that shit at Griffin. Somebody would've like, yo shut yo, shut the fuck up outta nowhere. Crazy. No Griffin, they would've let him do it. I was about to Say, they'd have been so starstruck to stand, there'd been right there recording or hanging on every word.


Yeah, he right. He right. Yeah, he right. It's like Ish When. you seen the Taz Angels and Griffin? I remember. I remember Nigga I ain't forget. I did not forget not one of your finer moments nigga, but they're looking good in the corner Nigga. you know Taz Angels nigga tell the truth too. Tell Me, tell the truth. I wouldn't know Taz Angels from Charlie's Angels. come on stuff. All right. Well luckily lucky for you. Joe's here to tell us what happened. Yeah. It is, It is a podcast. Oh Shit. It is a podcast. Y'all want my story? It If Het do that bullshit, we gonna just get him out the way. If y'all want my story, me and Isha just become friends again. Or at least we just started hanging out again. Got it and Griffin is rocking on the Monday nights.


He's still a thought. I'm still a thought. We out here, they be in there on Monday nights. So we did the walking on the late night when they Slowmo could see us Slowmo walking. Yeah. you know, so we did the walk. I was sim before Sim with our Ish Got it. So we do the Slowmo walking and you know how Griffin was the sections, the slabs and the people, the influencers. They were in the sections. So we walked past that section. That is right on the right in the corner. The good one the niggas like to be in. And we kept walking and before we got 10 steps, the nigga It is Tammy Said, and this is how you know I'm not lying, Tammy Said, yo, Thinking it's something important.


I dipped my Ear in, yo, what's up? He said, you see them right there? That's Taaz Angels. I said, yeah, No you had your chance. Don't Look at me. Yeah don't we don't need your I don I. don don don't. What else? I only got one story. He said go ahead. That's the Taaz Angels right there. I said Yes, I know. He said hang on front cuff and I nah don look right there. This is such a, I said, I think those girls are like, like babies.


And then I won't say what he said and then we kept walking. He didn't say nothing after that. Stop It. Well whatever you said, I didn't say None of that. Fuck We talk about after that. I Well you don't Remember what happened so we gotta just talk you, we gave you the chance bro. We gave you the shot. You can line up all Taz Angels right in this room. I wouldn't know. And you would knock the halo off every last one of You. I might've now. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I wouldn't identify them as being Taz Angels In that moment. You did. I bet You That's when they was hot. That's when bitches Without Furniture was hot. I remember That. Y'all remember that was Definitely Without furniture had that Was the era. They did. They did. They ain't had nothing in them Cribs. Hell yeah. Fucking clothes on a radiator. They Not hot no more.


They got Less hot. Oh no. Because I'll be seeing some of these doors and moldings on some of these baddies on but they got Furniture though. I'm not talking about how they look. I'm just talking about in terms of heat. I'm talking about the molding. Are you back to it? See He can't help it. He can't help us. I'm just saying. That's fine. Yo, you Shout to Tory Lanes. Let me see what else is important or unimportant. Did anybody see the Terence Crawford fight? I did. I did not. I was somewhere with poor internet. I saw some highlights from the Eminem performance and shit like that. Well he won. He did. I heard. I heard it wasn't the landslide that everybody thought it was gonna be.


I thought he would. I mean it was a unanimous card. Unanimous scorecard that don't say anything. True. They thought he would be more dominant. Yes. And all the talk after the fight was that he should probably leave Canelo Alvarez alone. Supposedly they said this white boy was punching the shit outta him. He was straight right hand the whole fight. But The white boy style was, was Was unorthodox at will until He had an unorthodox fighting style. Like he was doing some shit Like this. I'm like wait, what the fuck? He was fucked. Like beat the fuck outta him. He would move like this. I'm like yo, if you don't fuck him up. But it was unorthodox. He was, it was unorthodox. I thought he was a bum 'cause he only had 10 fights or 11 fights and a couple of knockouts.


But apparently he wasn't a bum. Apparently that guy wasn't a bum man. And You saw it? Hmm? You saw it? No. Yeah I didn't watch it. No I heard, I heard that the white boy gave him some. Yeah. A hard way to go. I watch when this box office nigga don't show me you versus dude no I gotta know both fighters. I No dude, I gotta No dude I gotta know both fighters before you get my 79.99. I saw the little highlights. Canelo Alvarez is just a different type of dude. He is. Be him alone man. He hit hard and he gotta go up too much in weight. That's the thing. 1 68. Ugh That's a lot of burgers. Word. And that should slow your movement down.


You really do feel that difference in weight. Speed, everything. And them niggas is different. Punchers. So it might be 1 68 but they come in the ring at 1 75. Shit is different. B nigga hitting you. 30 pounds lighter is a whole different ballgame. Speaking of, I wanted to ask y'all, there was a clip going around of a podcaster getting knocked out mid pod. I wanted to know what y'all would do in the event that y'all got knocked out. Mid podcast. Oh take A nap. Who? Who's all there? Like if somebody came up here and knocked me out in the middle of the pod and if I wake up to find that y'all didn't beat his ass. I'm tight. Y'all. I want to hear how y'all stopped his ass out with Charlie Brown right there one time I woke up.


I agree with that. That's I mature. Somebody come and leave yo dog. When somebody punches you in the face Joe. The maturity goes out the window. Hey yo. First of all, It is gonna take a while for you to get up. I, I hope you jump up and do something nigga. For niggas sitting here and This shit and haul off and caught me and I fall. If you not up, I gotta, I gotta smoke with you nigga. He's gonna make, he's gonna Make sure you don't knock over that figurine. I'm feel you set me up. I'm, I'm gonna suck up in with mad theories in my head they knew he was gonna to knock me out. Them niggas felt the energy in there. Well why would I eliminate the chance for y'all to foul a lawsuit and now take the onus on us getting a lawsuit fouled against us for jumping the dude that hit y'all.


Like why y'all can't just get up and get a shaken? Are You putting the footage out? You say you got knocked on? Wait, wait, wait. Are you putting the footage out? Yeah But get up. Are you putting the footage out? Wake up, get up. Time out. You got stole, got knocked out? Yeah. Was it a fight or he just stole off? Oh you putting the footage in your example you was popping shit and got knocked Out. My example, we sitting here doing the pod. A nigga didn't like something y'all said and he put one of y'all to bed while y'all was in the couch And y'all should have jumped on his ass. Like My nigga. Hey flip that. Nigga's in the river after that Are are you? He going over the balcony. Are you releasing the footage or no? Should I, I'm asking you what's your, is it funny? What's your first intent? Yo. Because You didn't release a lot of other shit.


'cause other people. But we your peoples, It'll be on Patreon at least. So you'll put on new tier, right Tier for sure. $500 tier knockout session. Knockout session up. Crazy. Alright, Lemme take it off of y'all 'cause those are valid points that y'all brought up. Like if a nigga hook off on y'all, maybe somebody else should get up and help y'all. Maybe if a bitch come here and just start wailing on Mel Mel, what should we do as men? We breaking it up Mel. You answer. What would you like us to do as men? I would hope that you guys would break it up. Of course. So you're not getting shaken with her? No. It is a princess. A queen. What the fuck did that mean? That girl probably grabbed Mel and drag. Drag.


So hold on a second. Drag mail You. You don't think I can fight? I Who you was asking? I asked him. Oh okay. I'm he answered. And now you I think You can fight. Volunteer. I think You can fight crime. You think? You think Mel fight? Oh Man don don't think Mel. He rubbing his knee ice. I don't See it If a person hit Mel. Mel's not confrontational. Mel too. Classy fight. Yeah. don don't see Mel. Yeah that's true. She Ain't even getting off her throne. Oh, queen doesn't come down off her. come on, Mel's not tion. come on. If somebody's getting hyped, Mel be like okay a Queen ain't coming off her throne so y'all could grab these braids Slay it Ain't that kind.


Yeah. Mel. What would you like us to do if a chick just started, if a chick just hooked off on you? She gotta go see the mid pod. I would like for you guys to split it up to. Hmm. What would like us to hitter? I, no I didn't say that. Wait, hold on. Well I mean if you get like a couple of like, you know kind of Oh. Shit. There You go. Talk Some jabs in the rib Talk. The real mail. How you a little hot? Me? I can't do that. I gotta Some kick some shit. No. Hey nobody see nobody's, you just do it like under the table and shit like that. Oh. Shit. You wanted to put a woman under the table But just, you know. Do you want us to hold us so You can get your heads back? Oh yes. Absolutely. And You can put that on Patreon. Ooh once you, once you get your shit, you get your shit off Bitch And I, I couldn't believe it.


I can see the lawsuit now. I couldn't believe I got hit outta nowhere. I didn't see it coming. I was at work. Could you believe it? Oh man. And nigga like me nigga. I'm going crazy nigga. Yeah. Now Melody, I went outside Melody, she shocked You would I be at, I'm mad at Cory too nigga so I'm mad at Cory outta all people nigga that nigga do that to me nigga on the side. Fuck you talking. You don't even have to get up before high school. Pull that workout. Shit you do nigga. Mel get hooked off on you getting some words. You getting some vocab. The unmitigated gall of Vitriolic Response. I dunno. Oh Man. I think the black side come outta Mel. She gets stole off on. She gonna start cussing out. It might happen.


I didn't hear What he said. The black side of Mel, the black side. Speaking of Kamala has picked a running mate. She did. Who? I don't know some nigga dude from Minnesota Governor. Yeah Minnesota. Some old white dude. You said one, you said be good. No, I didn't say anything about him. Yeah, you sure? Somebody said that she should Pick. She was talking a lot of politics and then kill Mike came up here and that she really said a word since. Oh So she switched it because I could have sworn she said I hope that she goes with the dude from somewhere Pennsylvania or something. Nobody needs to be woke. you know we have to stay woke like everybody needs to be woke And You can talk about if you're the woke ist or woke up.


But just stay more woke than less woke. Yeah. What were we talking about there? Who is that? That that was Kamala The next president of the United States thing. Watch your mouth. We need some context to That. Oh she just said Just stay more, you know we have to stay Woke just about being woke Like everybody needs to be woke. That's how That is. How you sound And You can talk about if you're the Wokes or woke, but just stay more woke. Woke and less woke. Yes. The nigga say, oh, okay. Sound like big Sean Auntie. It's not even my favorite Kamala clip. Here we go. Okay. So I. They caught, they caught at the record store.


Okay, so first of all, Charlie Manga really one of the greatest jazz performers ever. One of my favorite albums of all times. Roy Ays. Everybody loves Sunshine. you know this one? Okay, okay. It's so good. It's a classic. And then porn came be right and this is a beautiful one. It's Alex Fitzgeralds and Louis Armstrong. There you go. Not mad. I like your choices. It is so funny. Y'all Nothing with y'all. This shit is Absolutely nothing with Bro I don. I Don't like none of This shit man. And I, and I don't care. I'm not pumping up that, what is she? you know I I'm not pumping that up.


The niggas you run against been grabbing pussies and I'm not here to talk about politics. He's done a lot worse. So I just think it's comical that That is the talking point when it comes to Kamala. But some of It is funny though. Like her going to a well-known black record store with all the cameras and then walking straight to a camera to show all of the, her Knowledge about Elephant Gerald that she purchased is, it's funny. Gotcha, gotcha. It is funny. It's funny. Formative man. I need to see Ty do that too. Yep, I do. And Mel, I'm gonna come up with a little Mount Rushmore A panda seal.


A pan Seal is funny. So you say whatever the fuck you wanna say. come on. That is funny. I'm trying. That is I'm trying. You Got it. That shit is funny shit. Let me see what else, what else, what else, what else, what else, what else are Brittany renter ice? Why you can't take it away? I, I guess she took a Shahadah and she's Muslim now. So Congratulations nigga Up. Whoever It is he up? Okay, well congratulations to her. She found, you know religion, I I I I'm sure don don't know I. don saw some zeroes at the end of that religion. Damn. So you don't think that this is just authentically her trying to make a change to her life without anybody else's, you know, provocation, interference.


She said what I do I think that it's just say It is some, some changes are made. I think that we are gonna see, and I could be wrong in the next couple months, there's a Islamic gentleman that she is now in a relationship with and hints possible, Oh do you know this? I do not. Okay. No, no, No I do not. You're assuming that I am. Okay. She met a guy, he's Islamic. He says I can't Get, can't get married. I ain't gone. Okay. She put a video up saying how she still has contractual obligations to wear certain clothing for her content and stuff like that.


So she's gonna figure it out I guess. Like how does that work? That's what I wanna see. I I don't know how that works because she Like this pays the bills. So if you are devout though, then you throw away those secular things. Yeah. So and we sure she's not like playing any games or no cos playing or doing any bullshit. She's, she really My Muslim girlfriend, they tried to christen me. I was all for it. I had a job. Wait, wait. I don think you Christen. Exactly. don don't even remember how it Went. I don think you know I did not. I did not. They gave But they didn't Christen you. Okay. So No, they I was gonna say i's a Catholic church.


I was gonna say they gave me a name. Like they were like, what was your Name? What was your Name? Afifa. Afifa Shit. Oh. Shit. Yo. Why y'all, yo, why did we hear about this last year? This is Afifa. If you don't get your ass, you away. Yeah, c5. This was in grade nine. Oh. She was trying to get down from early. She Was Looking for anyway in Oh. Shit. Yo. In grade nine. Motherfucker. I love you son. Oh you great. No it was just kind of like an experimentation kind of thing.


Trying to figure out, you know. So they played around? No, it was so you dropped out? Well I just found that it was a little too rigid for me. I had to have all my dates chaperoned and I couldn't reveal my belly. And I was like, yeah, no I can't do this. They was probably right in that one Joe. That's the one that wasn't such a bad idea man. No, I Can't say that man. Alright man. Oh yeah. So a FIFA is dead. Like how long were you a fifa? I think like five minutes maybe. Maybe like two weeks. A fifa two weeks. Did you, did you dress? I had a job. Yeah. You had a job?


You have pictures show somewhere. He, you always wants to see pictures of male own different outfits. No, no. Oh. Shit. You always wants see them different outfits. Boy, why That make some perver shit man. I'm not, y'all probably don't do that. Sit brother don't Do that. You brother brothers, You a brother. So, I Don't wanna see that in no outfits. Joseph. Oh okay. And on top of that you made them niggas go find When. I sent all the magazines on eBay. They found all the males magazines on eBay. Like her flip was right and showed mad covers that she was on. Like I was just, why? I was just guessing. Right. I didn't see the shit because they, that's where they usually sell things. That's true. They do sell things. Exactly.


Yeah. I ain't know they had old magazines. They do, they don't sell magazines no more. Yes. You missed it. Flip was hating on Ray Daniels getting in his bag with Mel. He hated hard. I was, Ray was getting in his bag. Here come the brother hating at work. You, you said I was. I was hating what? Because she was got, not 'cause I liked him, but she was just too like ah, it Was working. That's why I was here. No, it wasn't working. Y'all playing with Mel like Mel not really her. It wasn't nothing about working, but she was just too smiley. Nigga don't smile for content and get up. Follow us. Yeah. Do the right thing up here before niggas let you slide. You Spike Lee. Nigga. What you talking About Spike Lee? What? Spike Lee. Act like this. Do the right thing. Oh Good job. Good Job Mel. What time? I'm always smiling Though.


Mel. What time do you have? It is 2 53. Why you have an appointment? No, I have a guest coming. Yeah, we No, He want you to go change your outfit looking like GI Jane for the fourth time nigga. No don don't they be right there in the suit. Joe didn't like us coming in with sweats and told us to embrace our sexuality so they tried to end me. Joe said this bullshit that we're wearing is inappropriate for work and he encouraged us to dress sexier. Do You. can you get in trouble for mocking like the claims?


Like Oh, It is what It is. Now I'm up So, I can pay. I'll pay the fine. Hey dog, Come on. There's a fine for that. There's a fine. Yes Dog And It is different. Wait's fine. You have to pay. Pay Nigga. I'll pay it nigga don don't care. You gonna blow it. That's gonna be it. Is it fine to pay for it if You, if you go here? Maybe. I don't know. I'm talking shit you right now. Oh you got me. Don't, don't learn nothing from me. I'm just, I'm being stupid. I have to Learn. Don't learn nothing from me. That shit bad. Joe told us. That way I push out Broad to come to work and podcast. Look apart. I'm punch. Please write Quiet. Fuck y'all write your own shit down don't me. We trying to save you. No save yourself nigga. No we do. That's why we don't save This. shit. You save self made.


Yo, real quick. Shout out to Fandom and the aunt boys. you know I ran into Phantom yesterday. Nice guy. you know they were streaming. Nice, nice, nice young men. I think it's great to see where the culture is going. you know what I mean? With the whole Twitch thing, the whole IRL thing, it was just dope seeing him in action. People following them and the show me a lot of love, you know what I'm saying? So, I'm, I'm gonna shout out fandom and shout out to em and salute to them. Jr been putting me on but yesterday JR. Was hype. I'm like nigga I kind of was hate like You can hype for these niggas jr. I had to look at him like yeah, yeah your father here I'm still, but it was, it was love. That was, that was old generation shit.


That's what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You Picked up some tips and pointers And No I did. No I did. I mean these little niggas I know, I know you took everybody phone number. No, I didn't take no phone number. These little niggas got these, the top notch security guards though. Like don don't where got these niggas from But. yeah. I mean you know I'm impressed. I'm impressed, I'm impressed. Got rid of all your little skit games. Couldn't even play with them. Nigga of security. Push you in the mud you about to be in. Hey man, why ain't kick no food out they hand nigga? No I don't. don don't feel don don't do that no more. No he ain't Play. He retired. Very polite and respectful. He seen the streamers and kept it cute. No, I'm not doing those type of skits anymore anyway, Nigga. Sure. No, I know. So you see my shit Over there. You see my shit moving stops.


I'm, hey you my man, you my big supporter and I support you. Stop. Don't come up here and play. I'm still that. But it's good to see where the the culture is going when it comes to that. It is good to see them niggas streaming, nigga the, I'm trying to keep up with them. I was just impressed. Glad to see you streaming niggas move into the bootleg Bronx penthouse or wherever that shit is. I, I ain't gonna lie, I did enjoy it. I enjoyed it and I liked the movie that they made out of it. The streaming niggas, the amp niggas. They was, they had the big mansion in, in Atlanta. So then they was making a big thing. Oh, we go to New York? Yes. So I. Guess the, the dudes told 'em and I'm freestyling right now. So fact check yourself. The dude's saying yo, we moving into some fly shit in New York. So then they moved to New York and the different levels of wherever they were and you could just see the crib and it was a big downgrade and you could visibly see the frustration.


No, that came after. No, no. That kept after because they went had a Pitt on Bowery and got kicked out. They got, yeah, they went to the big penthouse. Yeah, the $30 million. Shit. No, he put them outta there. Yeah, He, he kicked them out. So he put Them out out there first and then sold the crib. Use them to drop the hike up the price of the crib. On about, they said that, Look at the amenities, The creation. They said that the owner was coming in there while they was in there Sleeping. That's a great idea though. That is, I ain't Mad at that was I didn't know you was allowed, you not allowed to do that. They said the owner kept coming in there like he couldn't get in contact with them on the phone. So he'll go right through Oh. Shit. Yo, I'm seeing a story. don don't know if it's true or not of Airbnb owners with hidden places in the crib so that they could stay in there while the guest stays in there.


Yeah, I Oh Shit that's, I seen, I heard Of it like hidden rooms and Shit. Yeah. Yeah they locked up. They locked the side where they Go stay in they side and now you get the crib. That sounds nuts to me. Well in New York, that sound like a scary Movie waiting to Start. Well we know the Airbnb laws change in New York like no more than two people. I don know that I got a home here And you know and the owner has to be in the house with you. Yeah, that's what they do on the premises. That's the new law out here in New York. Oh. Never that never that never ever, ever, ever, ever will I be in the smoke in the same House. But do you know because of hating like they, I guess because Airbnb was taking the money from the hotels hotel money. Yep. I've said that before.


Yeah you did say that they Was taking a hotel bread. So they, they So I. Guess the city get. Wait because they gonna say you sound stupid. Do you guys care about ti I being arrested or mistaken Identity? I didn't Know that. I wanna see what the real person looked like. Yeah, they It is name Clifford Harris. Clifford Harris. It's not identity. Oh. Clifford Harris had warrant, had warrant to Clifford Harris. 'cause that could be bad. Yeah, if he's like 40 years older than Tia or 40 years younger. Oh nigga. Yo, my birthday is in September. This person's whoever y'all looking for, what's his birthday? It is not me. Oh no nigga you knocked me up and you put me in a can and I had a beef with a nigga in the can that poked me up.


Nigga This shit could go wrong. Wrong true. Yeah it could true. I I could have been in here for the parents. So I you some money. Yeah, like yeah This Shit. People Go through to get lawsuits. It is crazy. So just thinking about That it was Atlanta though, right? Yeah. That's the craziest part. Funny. That is really crazy because that's the crazy part. You think that majority of law enforcement localities are, it's 50 puff getting locked up in New York? Yeah. And the cops not knowing who they are. Nah, it's just as plugged in. We had Killer Mike sit right up here and tell us like it's plugged in. Him and Tip are with the government of Atlanta for you to be mistaken. Identity It is just, that's wild. I agree. Yeah. That's what's wild to me about it. If it was somewhere else, yeah, maybe not Atlanta Nigga fuck shit nigga used nigga.


Well I When, I was younger. My cousin used to use my name and he got caught with a lot of shit bro. So niggas be using niggas names and IDs. That's True. I don. I don't know if niggas still do that but I know When I was younger. There was mad shit. My mother was like, nigga like you caught a charge. Where? Here like and I gotta, I had to pay the fines. Niggas was using niggas names. I tell a story all the time. I use Michael Paul names license and went right to jail. I Was about to say, Mike, you want, you want talk Mike? He the warrant. I've told a story a bunch of times. You probably got him the warrant nigga. I did. Yeah I did. No. So they was locking up the right person.


Yo. Think about, think about Oh. Shit. I forgot I did that shit. This shit came right back around to haunt me. That's crazy son. Now how many times on the parkway unlicensed you get pulled over by one of 'em niggas and try to get your shit off and shit. I, when the law started changing I was like all right, well we're just gonna take you in and identify you with us to make sure get your fingerprints. Like oh fuck all you got me nigga Got Joe Y fuck I'm going Down Joe. Yo fuck it. Yeah I'm going down. That shit was the worst shit ever. The digital shit. When they could put your print your face up on a laptop? Yeah. You used to get it off. Yo. My name Ice, I live over there. 1, 2, 3 Dy Street. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's me. Fuck outta here. Yeah. Then you pissed the cop off.


So now when he take you in processing on the fingerprint disrespecting your fingers All shit. He taking fingers Mad dirty in the ink. Yeah nigga a bunch of thumb. Yo. Now they don't even got ink no more. you know That right? Yeah. Yeah. Last time I got arrested it was a fancy shit in Jersey. It is It is It is digital. Digital shit. The Digital shit. I don't like that. And that shit don't be working sometimes nigga. Nigga Still be roughing fingers spray still be rough. They spray winix on it and wipe it. It don't work. Turn your finger like this. Yeah, They spray the cleaner shit in. It is dirty still dog it's dirty. They still be roughing your hands up. No bull like your dog. Kate did a good job nigga fuck wrong With you.


She better have you ain't say goodbye Rush Right over there. Rush to cake. Shit. Say goodbye to her though. Oh Man. Shut your dumb ass up. Boy. I don't think there's nothing else that I need to get off my chest. I think I've vented enough. Haven't anybody else? Is there anything else that's really, really important? Let's see. Brittany Renner. N-F-L-N-F-L. Doing what? Oh that's big. Why do y'all think that? That's so big. Tell me about it. So Let's just say hypothetically you got 50,000 random people. Well how many stadiums hold 50? 60? Depends 50,000 people randomly in a spot. But they're not randomly in a spot.


They had a sporting event. Yeah. Which they bought tickets for with their Yeah. Credit card. So for clarification, the headline is NFL is using facial recognition for all 32 teams to verify identities of everyone at stadiums. Yes. Why is that the biggest deal? I know I said it was a big deal earlier. Now you sound the same. I'm confused. I think it's, I think it's scary. And, and we crossing the line where Tam Mel's point, most people now shopping with credit cards. So now you tie in after a minute you're gonna tie your face to a credit card. This shit ain't gonna stop. Like now, once we, now we got Cory and we got, Cory got a Citibank. Cory got a chase. Cory got a Amex. Like now we starting to be digitally a file.


Not that we already aren't. You are, we are. I know. I'm saying we are, but now it's getting deeper and deeper and deeper. So now you got whatchamacallit just bought ancestry.com. You get what I'm saying? No, that, that was fake. But anyway, That was fake. That was fake. You sure? Yeah. Oh. Okay. Let's go pause. Let's go. I'm just saying, but it, it's just not gonna stop to where we are. All like your fingerprints, your face, your retina scan, all of that shit just gonna be one. Which All has been happening. So why They, that shit in the airport, you know they got that in the airports right in the uk. They got face recognition in the Airports. You gotta subscribe. What I'm saying now is that's not voluntary. Now it's gonna be voluntary. 'cause if you don't want to go to a football game, you don't have to.


But that's not a voluntary thing, man. I think it's already non-voluntary damn near everywhere now. Like I was just telling, telling y'all off the camera in Jersey they had the red, the red light cameras up. I don remember they, and it was for a couple years and then outta nowhere. They just went and said, Hey, We're not using the red light cameras anymore. So before you ran a red light or if you was over the line or something, you would get a ticket in the mail to, to you. You'd have to either fight it whatever the case may be, prove it wasn't you drop whatever. Now they don't do that anymore. But they ain't take them cameras down. They didn't So I think all of This shit with the cameras and shit. They'll tell you whatever reason they putting the camera up for a little bit. But they monitoring.


This is crazy just at a football game. Because if I go to the game and like, what's the implication here? I go to a game and I got a warrant. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm popped up on a, on a, on an alert somewhere. Yeah. Now they come pick me up outta my seat. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm out in public with a warrant. Yeah. Not that I've gotten stopped and gotten checked before. You, can you move around? You get stopped. You are out. Your credentials get ran now your warrant pops up. Now you just moving along in your day. Don't Think that's the greatest of arguments. I'm not. I'm if I wanna be A murderer, I didn't say nothing. A murder said murder. I could, I had a warrant for not having a four seatbelt ticket before. And what you're saying is not all the way true. If you owe enough money to the right people, they just gonna start taking away rights in America.


That's old news. You won't have a license, you won't have a passport. Yeah, but what are the two things you, you talking about something totally different? Are we talking? He said you, he said impacting your ability to move around. He's saying catch me When. you can not saying that y'all, I'm going to some public place and now my face is being plastered up. I'm in a bar getting drunk and now niggas know I'm there. They waiting for me. When, I come outside. Oh, I'm On the other side of this one. If You, if you have a warrant, why are you at the Giants game? Yo, I hate Rich Joe. Nigga. We've had warrants riding around like motherfucking And you know what time It is? Get down or lay down time. Catch Me When. you catch me? Yeah, you get pulled over. you know you got that warrant. You, you Oh. Shit. They got me.


They got me. Not, I walked in the door to the game. But even that wasn't always the case. You could get pulled over with a warrant and You can maybe get over 'em and they updated the technology to where your whole family come up when they take the walk back to the police car. And once Dumb, see Once car come up, you know I start making that phone call Talking about nigga, nigga how many times it been a, the Cowboys stadium. And he tell us how beautiful It is. What the fuck you think they not tracking you with that beautiful system in there. A hundred billion dollars. That's a fact. Whether they are or whether they not. What I'm saying is track mean nigga going to sneak fuck it. Track me on a sneak. Yeah. Like yo dog. I just, I just think If you're here, you're being Surveilled. I I just think we going down a really, really, really scary, scary slope dog.


We're going towards smart cities and smart countries. Sure indeed. Yep. Minority Report and all of that shit is here. So why? I mean I just don't, I don't get, but again, I mean I don't really go to football games like that. I go to football games. No I don and I'm from the old school where if I have a warrant, I sit down for a little bit. I'm not telling my back in the day, driving around what we had to do, what we had to do. If I have a warrant, I tuck in my cubby hole and two would get right. I gotta a ticket. Now if I gotta send to my mom some handicap shit, stupid ass parameters, them poor cops never changed. Boy oh boy. This rich nigga here. I know I'm not who I was at 30, I know 25. What I'm saying is it's a different me different world. I'm not as as well it should be. What I'm saying is for the niggas that don't have the ability to do that, Don't tell me about ability if you at the game.


Mm. Joe, that's not a good point. I think it's a great point. They might have a $15,000 warrant. A game ticket cost $300. You Should not be able to just go and get popcorn and hot dogs and watch your favorite team. Wow. You are crazy son. You are nuts. Alright, and now I'll open the floor then let me hear from somebody else. Maybe I am nuts. People told me that my whole life don don't hear from somebody the biggest deal either. Me neither. Obey the fucking law they Got with the, with the passport. Don't Fuck you. Niggas wanna break the law, owe money and watch the car. If you wanna make a Argument, if you wanna, lemme tell You if You wanna 40, I wanna park I white 44. I want white. I know If You, if you wanna make an argument for invasion of privacy, I'm with you.


But the, I might have a warrant. This is wrong. Invasion of privacy. All of the companies are selling all of your information every month. Y'all don't have the rights that you think You have. Ain't no privacy, no more privacy's a myth. Well there you go. That's really the truth. But it's just when it's in your face at and they're telling you this like, did y'all see the video? Yes, I saw, I saw the video. That shit is It is late. They are late. That shit is that shit. They are late. Crazy. So Is the purpose of this identification, is it for law enforcement to use as Doesn't say what it's for. It just says to verify the identity. It be a, that opens it up to any We talk About there'd be a lot of fights at the game. I feel Like that's my only issue with It is the fact that the vagueness of what you know, you Know what's it's for.


It's to sell you some shit. The same thing. All This shit is for No, that's, that's the be that's the best case scenario. What's to sell you to sell you to somebody else? Whatcha Talking about fighting crime? What are you talking about? What about the fights and people getting hurt and they gotta identify the p the perks that okay, That's perps That hurt people. Yo and cfc. We had these many people in FC who had the tickets. Who are the ticket holders? you know, if I wanna find you, I can find you. I'll tell you what it's for. This is to eliminate security. Man security. Wanna a cut back on that. Now we're using the computers. That's what this is. Could be a point back as a person that's worked Event security at, well it was giant stadium back then. It was a ton of motherfucking security around. Yeah.


When something happens, you get a call on the radio, yo section three 18, everybody gotta run over there. By the time you get This shit, You well this identification process isn't gonna save you if there's a melee going on. But, but now we, we can still pinpoint what happened. Who that make It seem that they put a electrocution in the seats. Yeah. CC 30. Ah, nigga. And I still, and I still wanna know how fast you got a three 18. I think issue was on something like how fast did you make it over there? Oh nigga, we, we ain't rush over there. I Don. Oh no. That was the thing among security. We are not rushing. Let them niggas fight. I'm With flip man. you know how many fights break out? Streakers run across the fucking field. Old fat, sloppy white guys get pushed down the fucking stairs. Yeah. We may need to see exactly how the Pitp pockets Or send no pickpocket the fucking Travis Kelsey Jersey directly to your fucking Facebook.


Yeah. Is really what it's for. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not mad at this. I think that the, the, the arenas are or the stadiums are late. Pickpocket is, I think they're late. Big thing. Ish, have you ever been pickpocket? I would've expected this to be a thing in in five years ago. 2020. I would've. Okay. Hey, if you got a warrant, clean it up nigga. What the fuck you listening to the podcast for? Yo. Oh man. Man What? I don't give a fuck Don don't, don't give a fuck. I know. I didn't work this hard to change to still be down with the warrant squad. No nigga. I'm tired of making myself comfy. When I. Get in the bullpen. No, no, I'm not championing that. Sorry. Yo niggas just forget You do it Portugal man.


Niggas Just forgot What they You do it Mr. Fucking Mafi Cole. You do it. Pick a side. One day you down with the paupers. One day you mafi Cole. I'm sound down. I'm still down with Don. Don't wanna see none of you Warren niggas move the fuck away from me. The only warrant I will accept is the child support warrant or some loitering shit. Some bullshit. Anything else? No, you don't get to see the jets. Sorry. Sorry. The child. Well You can see 'em. Yeah. Watch On tv. The fuck. Well, can't even ride the bus with the warrant. Yo, you your boy. No, no, no, no. Go ahead. The buses stuttering. The buses in New York have about 30 years before they catch up with this technology.


The buses are no way. The bus drivers still getting stabbed. Still take tokens. Niggas don't give a fuck about the bus drivers. Now they Cameras in the bus now. Oh good. So you just watch the stabbing? Nah, They got cameras. you know the crazy shit even over here and they got a panic button. You can put your credit card at the toll booth. All that shit. Yeah. Put your credit card. They take Apple pay on that shit. Keep, keep it pushing. Well we don't had none of that. I'm protected by one of the toughest gangs in America. Nigga. What? Police? Amex. Oh. Play with Joe button if you want. You ain't lying. Play with me. My niggas. If there's one, if there's one group that's gonna learn you not to play around here. Yeah they do. It's Amex. Yeah. Yeah.


Really? I need a black card. You don't got, you get one yet. Cops shocked. You don't have one. Oh, Shit. Wait. Hey yo, they must, they must watch the box. You don't got a black card. For real? I don't have one. I'm just saying you got offered for $1. That's Not you. Yeah. Invite. You need an invite. It has to be an invite. I haven't been invited. I'm shocked Enough. I spin like I got a black card. I'm Shocked. Still gotta get an invite. Gotta get an invite still nigga. Yo You can, if anybody out there that does black card Amex invitations. My man got one. Corey know Corey. Do you know too? Got Corey. Corey. He said but he, that's how I know it's, that's how I know his invite.


Only with the Black Yukon. No. 77 car. No man. Why you ain't got one? Because they didn't invite me. They invited him. But He, I think, no, no, no, no, no. Nigga. Hey, somebody at Amex got a, got a fucking somebody. If That's the case, you could call Kai. Yo. Gimme a black Car bitch. I don't know the Kai as a black car. Oh We do. I don't know that don don't Know it either. But I would bet my, I would bet too In my label days the exacts had black cards. Yeah I bet. I think Leor and Julie and them got together and said that was a big thing back then. They was checking them expenses. Like wait, what? Shopping in Arizona For who?


Joe Button. Nigga, Gimme that card. No more card for you. Came Kaza got a black card. But. yeah, Probably. I mean, don don't know. Nah. Like You can't get into where Oh no. Amex will call carbon and say y'all, I have somebody that needs a reservation tonight. Y'all gotta make room for them. If somebody is listening out there that can help with a black card, invite help Next year you gonna definitely have one you up up this year. You coming soon man. That revenue, that revenue manifested speaking into Nah, that revenue speaking into fruition now the money talking to you got this. I'm se support you man. That's, fuck you got this. You got this. Hopefully the Joe button power audience could come through.


Save the day again. I gotta a Funny story I should tell y'all. Should I save a picture on It might not be so funny for the main part. It's funny though. It's funny to me. Fuck it. Yeah, yeah. Fuck it. I'm trying to make it fast. All right. Trying to make it fast. Let's go. It don't have nothing to do with nothing. Don't matter. It's not important or unimportant. Why did It, why did it come to your don't, don't even matter did come to your mind Because I'm begging podcast listeners so it reminded me of podcast listeners. Okay. Okay. Okay. So having, well I've had a week of homeowner trouble that I will talk to Ish about on Patreon while you were gone.


They saw some of my troubles when my air stopped working and I hit Google and the first company that popped up, I called them and they were amazing. It was a really complicated problem that they seemed to solve after a high ticket. I paid the ticket. They knocked your head in the Hudson Smooth off. Oh I'm sure, bro. He said that shit's so smooth too. That's the bad part. I'm sure they knocked your head. They say the numbers like, like they pennies Knocked my head smooth off my shoulders, which is cool. I purchased the carrier shit and the air feels Amazing. Carrier's A good word.


The air feels like heaven on earth. Cool. What's Up? Think the name of the unit changes the The feeling. Yeah. Go. Yo. Yes. It is my answer to that. Yeah, no, the air feels different. I don't care if I'm wrong. We can Go Around. What the dog Fuck that dog man. She don't take care of me. Why? We got you I. think that fucking dog So I go to take a shower and I don't have any hot water. God damn. This is after the air. Buy a home. They said Equity. Yeah, It's a crock of shit. It's a crock of shit. I don I. don know why we keep listening to these internet.


It's wrong advice. They're wrong. Yo. So now I've added a battle to some of the greatest battles I've seen on American soil. Hulk Hogan versus macho man. BMW versus most Mercedes blacks versus whites. Dims V. Right side versus left. And now homeowners versus renters is a huge divide. So cool. Shower don't work. I hit the Google plumbing. Triple. Triple a plumbing. Hey, somebody that could fix this plumbing issue and the first name that pops up.


See that's why you gotta be the moral of this story. Something with a something with an a I. I'll give you the moral of this story earlier. The moral of my story is you gotta be careful who you judge. No you gotta be careful who you support. Okay? And sometimes maybe you should be ashamed of who you don't. Mm. I hit the Google first name that pop up and this is a crisis. I need a hot, I need hot water. It's a crisis now. First name that pop up looks like a company of killers. Some shit called I'm giving you a fake name.


All a destruction, plumbing. The Destructs Plumbing. Okay. The logo was a skull, bones and fire coming out the shit. Now I'm an independent contractor. I've had some questionable logos in the past and I've been on fuck shit. But I knew how to do my job. So. I wanna support this guy. I wanna support this company. I'm calling the destruct the destructive cons. Plumbing. Call him. Sound like a nice guy. He takes my address. He sends a guy right over in about an hour. All the people that could be there in an hour. Gotta watch them niggas. No you don't. You gotta pay them niggas. Yep. But go ahead. So they come through in an hour. They even write it on the Google shit available 24 hours. Yeah, it don't cross you mouth.


I call destruct con destruction. Plumbing hour later, knock on the door. White guy Tattoos All over his body. Face, neck, arms, le arm, leg, leg, arm, head. Everywhere that a tattoo could be a tattoo. Was stocky about five nine short. Military cut stoic short on words. don don't even think we said on each other. When. I opened the door. I just moved. I just moved out the way he said show me the shit. I showed it to him. That was it. Right. So I like Mayor Kingstown nigga. Yes. He looked like fucking, what's the nigga name?


The main, the main dude on Mary Kingstown. That's who he looked like with none bad tattoos. So I'm like fuck Destruct, calm plumbing sent a killer to my house. So I'm goofy. What do I do? Go get that old 38. Yo. I wanna hear the story y'all nigga. See, come on man. So, I put on my killer voice. But I'm not saying nothing killer. We just talking about water not working. Yeah. It is not. It is hot. This one will get cold or fucking day. Get whatever I'm saying. My head like, what a goofy, this guy could kill me at any given second and nobody would be any wiser.


You gotta be careful the fuck you call. 'cause now I got this fucking army fatigue killer shooter. PTSD nigga over being cool. But then he goes to look at the unit. The dude did some fancy shit and Killer Plumber starts talking to me about it. He knows his stuff. Who? Who? The HVAC dude? No, no, the plumber guy. The Plumber dude. Military plumber. No, but I thought You said the HVAC dude did something first. No, he came already. He came and left. Real nice company. This dude is looking at the hot water shit. It is some complicated system back there. So he starts telling me about it. Oh these are real pain in the ass. I'm like why? Trying To out top them with the voice.


Why yo all So he thought that. Yeah, This shit is This shit is new and it's a headache because digital, digital lines and and you gotta take it out. Me, I always go with the old, I go with the old fucking gas furnace. The old reliable old trusty shit. He looked all over my shit and he hated anything that was new. Oh I hate these toilets. I go with the old, I go with the old Sturdy, all this new age shit. The world. And they changing. So I'm like yo, this guy really been in the woods for the last 90 years and he hate any fucking new bitch. No, You got some fancy shit up there. Now He's gonna, he's gonna crack my neck pause at any given second. But anyway, he's there for about an hour. I go sit on the couch, he get the people on the phone. He going back and forth. This dude really knows This shit.


He fixes it. He comes back and fixes the problem that I don't think all of the plumbing people would've known how to fix So. I the head. I feeling stupid. He ain't had to leave. Yeah, but he's not leaving yet. He's doing No I'm saying didn't leave. Oh before he No, no, no, no, no. He didn't have to leave. Okay. He on the phone with whoever make this bullshit. Make the yeah the company that made so they could run him through it and yada yada. He the electric. The electric. So while I'm So, I'm sitting there feeling bad. Long story, less long. I'm sitting there feeling bad. Damn yo. I gotta stop judging niggas man. Man this nigga really knew what he was doing. See a nigga with the tattoos, I got tattoos like why would I judge the tattoos nigga weird. So anyway, he finished the job, he's walking to the door, I'm waiting for him to get the fuck outta here.


Get out So, I can feel safe and human. And he grabs this little thing and he stops at the door and he turns around, gives me like this look of death 'cause he don't smile or nothing. Big fan of the show. Yo. Love the PO. Love, Love what you do Man. Love the pod. He says yo, before I get outta here something I need to say to you. Shit. Oh Shit Little Music Three really changed my life. I remember Corey ain't on Speed down. I can't hear nobody down here to fucking help me out. This nigga got me Logic is my little brother. Yeah, yeah. Talk that shit now. Yo. You turn around slow Moon sit always something I needed to say to you.


It's like s up. He said you know around the time Donda came out, I thought it was a phenomenal project and all of my friend group, they really never spoke about it that way. And it always confused me. But you were the main one in your videos. Big up Donda And I appreciate that shit man. Like the hip hop I come from, man It is Dipset Locks like Slaughterhouse, like When, you put Slaughterhouse together. Like that was a big moment. Fuck your head up in time for me man. Then when y'all stopped it was like all This shit. Now is just cookie cutter. Even a new Kanye album right now. Right. Like it's not Donda. I feel like Me and you only ones that really understand Donda man at that time my life with Slaughterhouse and Dipset and all that shit.


I just want you to know, man, you really helped somebody out there, Joe Punk as started Crying This shit did. Yes he did. Yes he nigga he hugged the nigga and cried. I know he did. And hugged. Hey I stood at the door. Wait with the door open talking hip hop the, that hiphop money power. Yo you want some juice? And we still, you want them Simply Lemonade talking for 25 minutes.


I talked to him down to all As he left. Oh man, that's fine. And I closed the door and I was like that's So. I can't, can't judge motherfuckers good for you. Yep. Fucking good for you. Yo. That's hilarious. That's funny. And he, he fixed the issue and shouts to his professionalism though. First Get a job done first shout out to him. He could came in there wants some fan bullshit. This dude with like Rob O'Neill's, misfit nephew. Hey listen to But. yeah. I was blown. Yeah. Shout to him. Shout to him. So good. Careful. Careful who you're Who you judge. Yeah. Incorrectly Or be ashamed of who you That is true. Same way you sitting here shaming these niggas with warrants.


Yeah I'm not, I'm shaming niggas with warrants that are at the Cardinals game. Yeah. Go home. Go home. Yeah go home. Has a nigga been in the game with A warrant? I never know that nigga. We've been in the strip know with a warrant strip club having our own Cardinals 2 1 2, you know getting buckets. And you've had warrants have As have I when we were younger. I know today you should probably get the warrant. They would've picked us up at Jersey. Girls walking through the door. Do they? They picked you up at the par nigga they run right to the don't run turn it around. Oh yeah, don't run, don't run, don't run. Fuck boy don't run.


Hey yo, I wish y'all was 20 something. I would've took that nigga on a journey. He to beat your ass. Yes please nigga. Please shut up. It is always nigga think he still Got it. I don't. That's why I turned around. You heard if I could turn back time. Shut up nigga for my sleep. I'm gonna old school man. I'm going to Lloyd's True EP that a lot of y'all This. shit was like shit. A lot of y'all didn't really understand when this came out. But I'm playing Caramel by Lloyd.


She like five, five grew up on the east side. She a college girl. But she like the hood. Only I don said drip, drip, drip tripping like a leak.


She got tripping. How she It is the right Jordan Brand new old music.


That is Lloyd. That record is called Caramel off of his true ep. Entire EP is fire. That Brady ep. I also just got a text from Lucky Day Radio City Also. I don't know how real this is, but this is happening in real time. Everyone's, it's being reported that Drake has just dropped a hundred gigabytes of unreleased music called a hundred Gigs on your head top. And people are going through it saying it's a lot of heat. I didn't get a chance to filter to any distances within the last five minutes. Okay. So Yeah, but my sleeper Wait, why I don't hear excitement from the room?


What's up? Well I, I wanna Hear it. He just said a hundred gigs. That's A lot of music. Come on man. I don't know what that mean. You got an Android? Alright. What your, You know what the gig is. What's up, what's up big Mel? Huh? I mean I'm excited to hear it like everybody else Are you man. Huh? Nigga, this is This shit could be lit. I don't give a fuck what y'all talking about. I'm going as soon as we finish I'm going to go listen through as much as I can. It's a lot of shit in here. I'm just scrolling through looking. Yeah. Yep. Drake released the new song title. It's up featuring Young Thug. It's more than that. It's a lot of stuff. Leftovers and Yeah, don don't know if it's him somebody on his team, but we'll, we'll, we'll get more information and report on this.


Yes man. So Oh Shit. Yeah. Anyway. That's What you do When. you don't know what will stick anymore then Stop it enough. Fuck man. Damn. I'm serious. He's done. I'm Not trying to be fun. No I'm not. I'm not talking about I'm being down. I'm off of that part. I'm just saying. I done gave you the house shit. I done gave you the white girl shit. The yacht gave you some Yachty shit. Comedy shit. Yeah. Word. The comedy shit. Now you Pick. Yeah, I'm throwing, I'm I'm just gonna drop the nuke. Yeah, I'm, I'm not all the way mad at, I'm not mad is a lot though. Well I think it's, it could be videos, it could be other shit in, I don't think it's all audio, not just that. Yo, I'm tired of trying to please everybody. I'm gonna just drop a whole bunch of shit and hopefully it got something for every demo.


If the shit in there is mixed and mastered then I don't really see the where you lose. Yeah, If it sounds good, I'm cool. But if it's like No Hear This shit, I don't wanna hear it. Yeah, yeah, go ahead. Ice. All right. Yeah, my sleeper, I'm, I'm going to Cali. I, I never under, I never knew how dude pronounces his name. Is it Zacari or Zachary. But that's my man. Yeah he dropped, he dropped his first project. It's called Bliss. This record's called Girl Next. Door You can I got Plans for, You know I Plans for, I got plans you know I Plans for, I Got it bad for you.


Bad. And you know it spend a lot of dancing. We shut it down when we shopping whenever you want though. Bad nothing. That's just something like couldn't put a price on your loving Girl. Next Door. You should be on movie screen.


That's something that cry The Girl Next Door. I, you know, I I you Know And again that record is Girl Next.


Door, like I said Zacari Zachary not quite sure Sleep Change up after you go to bed early. Sleep is sound different than the normal slaps you play after. Look what happens When, you get sent to When, you go to bed early and get, Get what? Nothing. I mean Oh okay. Nothing at all. Next, next, next up please. I'm going to me, this is the co-op. That's that shit. I'm making my rap debut today. Okay, let's go park man you let us do no music and ain't bring that in yo. You rapping. I got boring there man. Lemme get a bar. I had to go a sweater. I gotta a lot. Sometimes you gotta mask you on the gas, you know Accelerates, you know. Yeah I'm just red redlining.


Yeah. I'm the one that push the needle challenge jokes cerebral, some say I think of all the dope shit that we do. I did not distribute all the smoke to the people. I should be lifting all this weight up like I'm diesel now. Don't be evil. See that's something he do see, she more likely to boil a fighting. Come and see who me? You fly her out and try her out. She tell you be right be you thinking she like you. I know that she like me and that's okay G. That ain't hate I'm a egg from the eighties. She text like wait on a date this nigga paid me. Can't give the nigga trick like crazy. It's been real sick lately. You hell bitch baby. She like yeah this said no that should made me like just don't play me like that song that you made me like.


Even though that shit tight wavy and it Low Key saved me like hey yo, first time I met Parks I'm like play that shit And When I first met Rasheed. I said play that shit. First time I met Ball I said play that Shit And When I first met gif. I said you Made that shit. Say that's my shit. That's that shit. I heard the people say that's my shit. You asked that shit. Pardon my delivery. I know sometimes I get aggressive but I come from the ex. That's what it did to me. She said the money don't mean a thing. It's nothing big to me. Can't put a price on the type of love that you give to me. Couple people I met more loyal than once with history.


More of a little story. It's obvious. Ain't no mystery to official to sit around and just have you dissing me. Any weapon that form him against me is always missing me a a lesson. I'm past stressing don't let it get to me where I'm from. Turning 21 you don't get to see I be chilling. Mine in my own business while I'm sipping team my over glow shine to like the jury yo Mr. T on the low but I'll be on the go because this is meant for me. Put on the show numbers always grow. It's a 10 for me. 10 times Sin is a hundred. That's how they mentioned me. Your bars loaded here. The God flow, it's heaven set for me. First Time I met Parks I'm like play that shit And When I first met Rasheed. I said play that shit. First time I met bars I said play that shit And When I First met you. I said you made that Shit now all the people say that's my shit.


That's That shit. I heard the people say that's my shit. You asked that Shit. Tesla behind the B, the B behind the bands bends under the white stone, white stones and the bezels levels to this dope shit. Dope sick beans, veterans that the drug war Coke did. Dreams. Dreams come to life through Mike's umbilical. I chop syllables God before the biblical now all praise and haul ways on street corners and see Suckers, You can still Smell the street song. Us now far from it. Double park with the car running. Let my niggas listen to this for a call Coming Hood favorite flavored with all the real shit niggas that we know and we lost once. We still went Balls nice and give Nice and I'm nice fucking Parks White.


That's the co-Op C with the O Op not wanted you Monkey Niggas make the show stop. First Time I met Park somebody like play that shit And When I first met Rashid. I said play that shit. First time I met bars I said play that shit And When I first met Kif. I said you made that Shit now all the people say that. That's my shit That that, that's that shit. I heard the people say that. That's my shit Ass shit. This your favorite song. come on this your favorite song. That my favorite shit.


That's the co-op. That's that shit in my rap debut man. Good shit. I got a future in Rap De you sound like Mc search. Mc search. You sound like fucking mc search dog. That's it. That's that shit. Oh man. That is hilarious. Yo I'm going to Elijah Blake song is called. Is everybody okay? Alright let I am good. Thank you.


I've been waking up before The Sun does working So I I want them the It's Elijah Blake.


Is everyone okay? I am Mel. Maxwell dropped a new single. It's called Simply Beautiful. Let's go. Okay. Hey I didn't even see this came out. Oh okay. That's my, If I gave you my love, tell you what I do.


I expect a whole lot of love. You. You got to be good.


What about the you right Is Maxwell Simply Beautiful covered the Al Green song.


Good to hear Maxwell again. That's been a long time since we got some new Maxwell music. Very long time. That was a beautiful song. It was. Now that song right there, boy, nostalgic for me. Yeah, It's nostalgia. That should bring bad memory. It's a good song. Who, who played that song? It was Ford Mel. It Was Mel Mel. You did that. Thank You. Simply. Beautiful. Mel. Thank You. All right. Why are you looking at my Nothing? Don't look at my shit. Hi. you right. Yo. Yo. Mel You. all right. Yeah I'm good.


You sure I'm fantastic? Yo, before we get out, I just wanted to clear it up that That Drake Leak the hundred gigabyte thing. It's three new records. The rest of It is content in terms of like video clips, tore footage. Photos. Thank You for clearing it up. 'cause I just Googled great Drake leak and it Wasn't good. Is Dick popped up? It wasn't good. It wasn't good. It wasn't good. It was reaction videos from podcasters seeing the video for the first time. Oh, Got it like flip No flips like flip. Like flip. Yeah, Flip is in there. I'm pointing that to me. Well You did it. You did it. That was all A joke. Alright, so a honey gig is three songs And the rest is coming.


It Is video for This shit and shit that just above your phone and take up the storage. Yeah. Shout your iPhone. Niggas that be getting the the the the what's the lowest one? The the, I don't the story 64 gig I. don Know the 64. I don't know. They don't got that shit no more. Whatever the lowest one is, you niggas nigga. It is one eight gig. I think It is one 20. Whatever. Yeah. If, if this say gigabyte, I Whatever It is, they're not like us. No They're Not. They're not like us. Listen man, man, what a blast man. Man, we had a slice. We had a slice. We had a slice. Listen, keep us in your prayers. Lord knows we need to be there until the next time I bid. You would do farewell. Idio, Riva, Darci, asta arvo.


Simple head nod. Bring the hood. Remember the baddies are insecure. The stagnant women want to travel and to close minded women want you to teach them things. Grab you with Tylenol. You might need It. Good day today. Good day at work. Y'all ain't fun playing for the week. Anything fun playing for the week? All I'm sitting in the house. It is raining all week. Right? Starting to start your shit. Ready on, you know, moving at the end of the month.


So hey, talk about it. Ice moving. Ice moving. Let's go. Opulence. I am still without birthday plans and my, again, my birthday is on a Saturday, which means my birthday Eve is on a Friday and it's Labor day weekend and I still don't have plans. Talk about a fucking loser and a goof. Oh I can refer, You can turn 44 this year. Huh? I can. I Can refer some shit. Well listen, I had it on lock man. My last dinner was at Tatiana, but I mean shut.


I fucked Probably a little too soon. You legend. What she gonna think I'm stalking her some shit like, nah nigga I was here first. Alright Man. I gotta talk to you on camera. This nigga is crazy. I got you. Because It is My mind. I was thinking about nigga. Hey big man man, big man.


Y'all be back. Same time, same place. Shout, Prize, fix. Always True. And we gone Y down. Hopefully Y'all enjoyed this broadcast as much as we enjoy delivering it to you. Man. Stay sucker free. Shout to the scammers and the dough boys and the baddies out there. you know the vibes always The money y'all. She gets the poor people around without the.