(0s):
The thoughts, views, and opinions expressed by this podcast. Whose will as its hosts for entertainment purposes only? I repeat. It is not serious. It is not real. No one is exposing, revealing, indicting, or telling you anything about themselves. Also, we do not encourage you to try this at home. We are trained professionals who do not have your best interests at heart or our own. Enjoy the show. I mock y'all for shitting the bed in game five. You did? Did we shit the bed now? That was No, no. You beat the injury. You beat the injured ho team. We shit the bed now. No, y'all beat the, y'all beat the, why am I talking to you? That's the part that I'm confused about.

(43s):
When October come back around or whenever the draft comes around. We got a big trade cooking. Yeah, there you go. Focus your off season. Y'all gonna be there soon. Focus on your off season. Oh, I can't wait for the past Humble pie. That's humble pie. That's all. You ain't always got to be Mr. You know what I mean? I know you not talking. You can just chill. You could just, nigga. It is so mean not to be Mr. Y'all want chill mode today, y'all. You know what I mean? Fucker just, we Chilling. We Chilling man. Sun's shining. Motherfucking electrical. My electrical shade broke in the crib. I can't even see thing. See the sun, my remote. I'm just, that's the extent of my troubleshooting is batteries.

(1m 28s):
Just pull, try turn off. You gotta reset the system blowing like the Nintendo cartridge bro. Lemme pull it up on YouTube man. I'll reset the system. They are YouTube making money for just, they showing y'all how to put vacuums together. Everything. Everything. Any question you got best way to clean your stone. Right on YouTube. Question from my car. I jumped right on YouTube. YouTube University man, that shit. And I should walk you through it. Shout to the YouTubers. The YouTubers. I got it in 10 minutes. I'm gonna know what type of mood I'm in. I gotta see what I gotta See that. I gotta see what the team needs from me today. Get the test results. About what? Test results?

(2m 12s):
Yes sir. It's gonna be that kind of day. Let's go. Okay. You said you could. Okay. Burning on. Alright, so everybody's Feeling good? Good, good, good, good. Alright. If Mel was here, she'd be rocking with him. Yeah, You right.

(3m 1s):
This is my shit too. Like you too. Listen, if we getting into Rat Beefs and I'm starting with my rock and roll, my soft, soft rock. Don't Come in mic check. Mic check. Mike. Check. Stop playing with them boys. Y'all, you heard the knock?

(3m 42s):
Oh man. Oh, we have a good time today. Yo. Shout to wherever you might be listening from. Always. For the ladies shout to the entrepreneur down the fives out there with appearance and cheering Instead of mental health. I like it here with my childhood friend. Okay, Listen.

(4m 33s):
Shout to all your beautiful people. Y'all could have been anywhere in the world but you here with us. Shout to the streamers out there. The YouTubers out there. Poster workers out there, the teachers out there. Everybody in the office chapter. The people in healthcare, the manicures, the pedicures and all that. Everybody in the retail business here. Yes sir.

(5m 28s):
Hey, I don't give a fuck. I don't give a fuck. That's what I'm on today. I like, I like selections two and three. I'm with, I know. This is what I'm on today. I know this nigga. You talking to This how I'm feeling nigga. This is flip shit. Exactly. Nah, nah. This flip bag a little bit. Yeah man. You know what I mean? You don't know this boy. My guy flip straight straight from the puff trial. Yes Sir. Hey, Yes sir. Real journalism. How that shit mark be doing on the zoom at night? Yo. I ain't gonna hold y'all. Me and my girl had a good laugh too. If you just click on Mark's zoom at night. That shit I don yo.

(6m 8s):
That shit be Late. That nigga be, yo, I thought you talking about wait what? I go, I click mark thing to support him. Right. Lemme come see what mark up to. Nigga make a donation. Mark might not be up there. No, he kicking the system. He give the system. I said the same thing. He'd be having some Nian couples doing some earth dances singing song. He got his old shit. Mark. Who the Fuck that last night? Yo Miss? Yeah, yo from Malcolm X hundredth birthday. He was crazy. Miz was, yo, it was like 3000 niggas in there. I'm like oh shit. I tell you about that. He had a good time. Yo Mark is amazing man. Holy shit. Shout Malcolm man. Rest in peace.

(6m 48s):
Alright, we have a real good time today man. Oh shit. Yo. I want to talk about Godfather all them too. Y'all say Malcolm X. That's what I thought about. Yo. Why Frank Lucas? Y'all caught up? Yes, I think so. Why Frank Lucas? Man, Frank Lucas ain't shit. Alright, come on man. Let's have a good time today. We have a good time today, man. In a real good mood. Thank God man. Thank God. Thanks to a higher power. Let's keep this applause going for the best crew in the world. Let get these drops out the way real quick. News Biden.

(7m 46s):
Excuse me sir, I'm sorry, I have to wait through Doctor. Who was that? It is Mark Hill Puss. S no Flip. Flip is here. Y'all flip. Flip. What? You a look what type of show you want today? You know how gonna I gotta rub this whole shit. Peace in like 3.2 seconds. Peace. Why you doing that? Peace. Why? You can't just make it peace Once I Enjoy the show, man. Serenity, you got your man. Corey got his shoes off. You ready to get at me? I Which that nigga's got a fast leave. I want healing. Alright Sage, I want to calm so hold on. So after you press that, acknowledge me better. I did yo flip here too, y'all Nah, nah, nah.

(8m 28s):
Flip here guy. That's a trash drop. Hey y'all so disrespectful. Yo. Flip here again Anyway man. What episode is this? Hey, yo. Flipping the building. Yo. 8 27. Yeah. Flip is in the building.

(8m 40s):
Welcome to eight, episode 8 27 of the Joe Button podcast. Brought to you by Fueled By Powered by PrizePicks. PrizePicks gang.

(8m 49s):
Yeah, I'm your humble, gracious, grateful, really happy to be here. Host Joe Button here with the best crew in the world. Melissa Ford is out doing what the fuck she wants to do and deservedly so. So make some noise for that. Yeah. So make some noise for getting that Gracie. Gracie man getting that Gracie Award. Yeah, she's in the whole week for the Gracie Award. That's where the cap coming. She, she got the sister together. Gracie is where the cap coming. I talked to this morning. I was like, yo, how's the water? She go, she said, oh it's today. It's in a couple hours. I like she took that, why the fuck did you meet Friday at noon? I was so confused. Yeah, she said she needed time to get ready to prepare for the Grace Award. I totally respect that. I totally respect that. And I stand with her. I just didn't understand y'all talk every morning.

(9m 31s):
No, I called her to ask her about the show because I was running late and she's like, I'm not there. I thought she was here. What did you running late have to do with Melissa Ford? Mm, what'd you say? I see how that could sound crazy. But no, I was running late And I said, are you there yet? Tell Joe I'm not there. I'm I'm caught track. You rather call her and Joe directly. We gotta group chat. My number I she called Mel sick. Ah, okay. I called Corey first. He didn't pick up Ian first. Yeah, you better. You better start throwing some other names. I didn. I didn answer. I called Ian, he didn't answer then I called Mel. Okay. Oh shit. I probably should have called Ice or anybody with a dick.

(10m 15s):
Oh man. Anyway, Dr. Mark Lamar Hill's in the building. Queen's Flip is in the building. King Wawa issues in the building. Welcome back. Freeze Mr. Take it further is in the building. Big Parks King Almira in the building. Poets in the building. Corey is here. Erickson is there and I have no idea who's in there with him last but certainly not least each and every one of you guys are here. What's popping though? Hey shit man. Chilling. Shit man. Good to see y'all. Good to see y'all. Good to be seeing. Yeah It is. Welcome back. Thank you sir. Y'all looking good? Y'all smelling good? Come on. Where we at with it? Where we at with it? All right Rat Beef Time Indeed. Another year of rap beef. Another summer of Rat beef. Mm.

(10m 55s):
Let's not get carried away. It Is though. It is. It might not be the main event Rat Beef of last year but it's good Rap beef all audience. I'm letting y'all know Parks and Ice are ready today. They not, they not playing for sure. This is they type of beef. I'm chatting up actually I'm surprised it's Not yours. Word. Well we'll we'll get into it. We'll get into it as soon as we left. Reason dropped or while we were here while Reason dropped so I wasn't able to hear that. Gimme a little bit of reason I haven't heard Daylyt just dropped 10 minutes ago. I haven't heard that. Alright. Parks. We are gonna try to play some of most of these s like they said, these niggas are really rapping so these tracks ain't the shortest.

(11m 45s):
Yeah for sure. This is re dead Apple. There we go. Okay. Shout to re friend of the show. Yeah right to it. Let's go. Dear Joey. Joey ain't expect my name to be spoken. That shit really hurt my heart. I can truly say that It is broken. I get it's just a bar but when I sit down and focus this a coast jealousy that you niggas thought we ain't noticed. Y'all used to be the me. Okay you niggas was really goaded. We heard your techniques and applied it while y'all was gloating. The sacrificial lamb, the soloist with no band members. Joey Kaepernick, nobody going to take a stand with. Y'all used to have this texture of struggle and really roughing it hit a bumpy road.

(12m 27s):
Slick fell off. Now you on sucker shit West eighth the core our name blew up and puffed a bit up Puff. You niggas been on some nutty shit. This ain't the New York. I know this ain't the New York. I know All's bringing New York to all the New York. I know this ain't the New York. I know This is probably the start of the jump. Okay Like the The Maylay. The the Avengers. Everyone's brawling. I think this kind of, I will give a reason that credit. Why are they all jumping this man again? He's talking about the West coast in particular. When he niggas ain't like that.

(13m 7s):
It's no diff yo. This is the flip of when Kendrick did control and that line he said I'm Machiavelli's offspring, I'm the king of New York and a bunch of New York niggas who he wasn't talking to jumped in and started wearing. Everybody jumped in off the control. Yeah you were one of them. Joel Paps, you name em. Anybody from New York who had a pin who felt the way, Hey you the what? No this is the flip side of that. I don't think this is the equivalent of that. Why not? Let me hear it because what song did Joey say this on the rulers back. I don't think that's what was the line? I don't think that's too much equivalent. West Stick of who's control. He didn't address any of y'all. He was talking back to control. He was talking to who he was talking to.

(13m 48s):
We know he was talking to he said the niggas by names. Everybody else that replied it was nigga. So what we don't wanna hear from you, we wanna hear from the niggas he's talking to in his this is facts, this is what happened. No, I'm just saying but if you call yourself the king of New York, then the niggas that are in New York City right are gonna take that as a shot and start replying. Okay. So if so if the West Coast is having a moment right now, which they are clearly and then you come out and say It is too much West Coast Dick licking, even though it's a play on the, you know someone else's lyrics. But you come out and say that niggas from the west coast who are in the moment right now are gonna feel away and say hey who you talking to? That's what's going on. I agree. I just don't think they're equivalent. But I I get it.

(14m 28s):
I'm just saying the It is similar. It's similar. It's very similar. I I want smoke nigga. I ain't mad at 'em. Yeah these niggas just dragging it. These niggas is dragging it. He responded. So where's the drag at? I I Love it. It ain't like he said this shit and never said nothing else again. He out there for smoke. Oh. You say something cool. I got you. You said something. I'm gonna dress you. You said something. I'm gonna dress you all within 24 hours. See the west coast niggas feel like shouldn't nobody be saying nothing about their run and they summer and they sound and they region and if you do, all of us gonna jump on your ass. Right. I ain't mad at that. I Ain't Mad at it either. They've been getting shorted so long or they feel like they've been getting shorted so long that if you say something about my brother, I'm on your ass.

(15m 9s):
I'm not mad at it. Even if he ain't my brother. You say something about anybody out here We on your ass. Come on let me hear more from Reese. Watch Your Little niggas like the way you talking. I Don I don't it still res Still res still res. We not your nigga. I think It is. It is two two beat switches. I've never been dropped. Had to slide for my interest left up a hundred ass. God It is my weirdness stepping on my own 'cause I needed my percentage unique. Shame. I'm cold and dependent. Step one, two step step. Don't worry Ray. I ain't going take on step doing a light job of the principle. Step one, step down step shouting direct N fuck you mention me, I'm with the drama that's like it was cold.

(15m 51s):
I run it back for you. When now is soul beside you? I push a button like it's Debbie my nigga. I never sued but a settle nigga that clip hungry I fed my nigga. We ain't good fellas out pushy nigga after that can turn into personas you nigga your posture. I turn into Ronnie this fucking violence. But you ain't surviving. It is the west turn into temperature. You want the top spot nigga climbing rem pressing and sliding. He Rapping, he's rapping Reed's body. All right. Reed's body. That sounds great. Yeah that sounds great. Reed's going. He's going crazy. No he smoke that. Yes. Shout de Reese friends of the show re Absolutely. And then we got are You proud is that Reeves can go Yeah Re can And Res be looking for a reason to go to go.

(16m 31s):
Got it. So I like the guys that is just Oh yeah I didn need get to the part where you said the best rapper from New York is on podcast and then followed it up with a button. Punchline. Oh please. I don't know exactly where it's at. No, I don't kill who season. We don't wanna hear that shit ahead. Say go, go, go. Keep going now. Feet. I mean if he said it, I Don live in Colorado. Come I love this Nigga. I'm mad went straight to the west. I'm mad that the West Coast dude beat everybody from New York to the, to the Dope New York shits. Oh yeah. Where you being? What the fuck I ain't spook nigga. Satellite dishes. We'll put it on your roof nigga. Turn this lime and truth peace. I ain't long nigga I could catch a friendly with the homie, homie.

(17m 12s):
That's just how It is. Y'all come and try it. Let us sing like a quiet kid. Whole lot of stuff that Carrie cans like Mariah did come on that bass in your voice. We the pioneers. Oh shit. Niggas all bad. The best weapon in New York on the podcast I button up this shirt and give out jaw taps. This ain't clap chasing nigga what you call that? This ain't about paper nigga what you call that? I bring it right to where nigga law that we whacking. Nigga better guard nigga fall back. This momma look start nigga G. He went crazy. Damn Joe. Niggas acknowledging the man. Huh? I mean shit, I thought that was common knowledge. I mean I thought everybody knew that part but God damn He wasn't talking about you though.

(17m 56s):
I was about to say Jada got a podcast. Shout got a podcast though. His podcast too. Y he's got a Podcast. Cam Cam Got a podcast. Mace nigga wasn't talking about you. I mean I think Norie. Yeah. Who a Troy. Come on. Come on. Let's just do it now. Come on D got come on your name now. Fuck it. Mano. Mano. That's true. That's right. I think I'm aware of everybody that's podcast. But thanks friends. Oh yeah, no doubt We hold you down. You know we got you though. Come on, come on. You know we got you. I feel so love. Yeah for sure.

(18m 36s):
I do like the West Coast, west coast thing. The New York beats. Yeah like that. Back down. Shit sounds absolutely crazy. We'll get to it in a second. What he's doing with New York? New York sounds nuts. It's Tough. I just like they doing that shit and still rapping. Rap. Nah, I ain't rapping. Yeah, like it ain't, it ain't even with the West Coast bop you still rapping? Rap, rap. That's that's all that's important to me. Alright, so who we got next up? Az. AZ Chike came out. Which it it And we're Fast forwarding but his name is Ruined Me now. The record was hard. The record's hard. The record was crazy. Still is hard. It's still, the record was hard unfortunately for him.

(19m 19s):
I hate to be the one that said it. Yeah, Joey followed up with a record and called him as cheek. His name is PR spelled A-Z-C-H-I-K-E. And It Is hot shake. It just kind of took the, you know how you give a nigga half a bar but that half a bar so hard that It is like you just, we only one hear it no More. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was one of those respectfully, respectfully, respectfully. And I like the record too. I'm, I like him. That's the dude. He was a feature on Peekaboo who kind of stole a show on the GX album. I like, I like dude but that just that cheek is crazy. Yeah, that hurt. Hurt. I, I forgot how to pronounce his name. I feel horrible.

(20m 0s):
That hurts bro. Alright, that won't hurt. Let's, let's hear the gentleman. You wanna Hear it? Okay. No This shit's hard though. It is very hard. Boss. We gotta give him a couple bars. They say It is the quiet ones you gotta worry about a walk in step on shit like a dirty host. One feature got boogers around 30,000 about the coach already told you nigga watch your mouth shoulders rotating. And I'm just getting in that mode. When niggas belt like foam of course they fold the people's chimp here bitch on who they chose. Now it's time to get to muscles. Swipe like a itchy. No see the chi chatter like Chile don't get busy. That the badass box. He can't fuck with me. He keep talking about the westley strictly dick breakout. So I guess some we going 50 50 me get a nigga gone.

(20m 43s):
Yeah. You bad to the ass. I'm bad to the bone Song. Thank you man. I didn love that one but salute. Salute to him. Keep going. Daylyt came next. Mark S Cool. Come on watch yourself Joey. Joey Unfortunately for az. Yeah. Dismissed that rather quickly with the ass cheeks bar. It's never gonna hit the same. Won't Really don't so to speak. It is never gonna hit the same To the Daylyt.

(21m 24s):
Daylyt up. Daylyt are Looking Most, This was pretty dope. I like the, I like the beat clip New. Is this the new Daylyt? This this old Daylyt. This is 2, 2 3 days ago. Oh now this was the one. Oh yeah. I like the beat bro. Stand up. Didn't in When he was outside doing the video in the train station. Stand up. I like the beef though. It is, It is cool Concept. Step back and watch. Disrespect what we built. We popped in their skirted now expect to be killed. Real.

(22m 4s):
They think you going nuts. So it's cool. Vasectomy dealt. You won't wreck with me. Told him pulled don't the mouth. Your death can't be healed. God. Why he beef with a giant like we with defiant unique scar. Think you can kill a king of people as Lions Symba. Tell him and why Cinderella? It is time to crash nigga. Spa nigga. Cinderella, you hung out with the glass flip clearly. Thoughts on I'm, I wasn't a fan of it. Yeah, I'm gonna keep it A ball. I like the concept of the beat flip. But Yeah, I like the concept. I like, I like his balls but it's just, I think it's maybe a little too abstract. Yeah. Which Daylyt is going to do. Yeah, that's a good way of putting it. It's too abstract. Especially for this, for battle.

(22m 44s):
Yeah. I don't, I don't need the battle where I really gotta, I know it's gonna sound crazy but I don't really need the battle where I have to overthink. Yeah. To get what you're trying to say. Be be blunt and direct. That's what my favorite rap battles have been doing. Yeah. What you think of that? I I didn't like that one. Yeah I didn't like that one. When I heard it I was cool. That's when I saw people saying they like to sit down and chill. I saw that that wasn't his best, his best effort And some of the ones he did earlier. I think I played one of 'em up here were super hot because I went back and listened to the whole chronology of this shit. Same. I made an album out of It. He had a couple slaps in there. But that one I liked the concept but it didn't really fly. It didn't resonate. Yeah.

(23m 24s):
Next we got CJ Fly. I'm not gonna play it. I thought it, it was, it was. Yeah we go to Joey Badass, get the Ray Vaughn and Joey Bad. I do wanna play cock cash for at least a couple bars 'cause he went crazy. This is Nixon six. Oh I heard it from, I was unfamiliar with K Cash up to this point. See it's Time to Bring the bars back. It's time to bring New York back. All that fly, all that drill shit that, that shit is cool but Never needed reasoning. Just needed someone eager for it. Simple Ray of joy gonna make it feel a bit appeasing. Mr. Doda wound up pregnant. All that riding you conceiving something less than anything that ever came up from the east.

(24m 7s):
A lot of little niggas reaching I'm guessing dreams deferred. You trying to swing for a big homie that ain't never seen you served, never made it to your games. Ain't pick you up when you was down. Ain't lift your head until you smile. When niggas bullet you for hours off, niggas yawning. All that boring shit you spewing. It ain't sparring this shit. Shadow boxing, lot of second guest releases. Lot of doubted options. You just the only nigga ripping for your team. That's why they ed this shit sad to watch. It's only one nigga with Napoleon Complex with Gloria in Arms Reach. He put a lot of years in and couldn't find a worthy battle. You gonna get harmed easy your freshman year helping you get closer to God Heath than it's time to put the game on. Stay one. We could turn Rayon to Trayvon and go without conviction. Niggas never been committed. Touchdown and Richie Claymore and money won't make this go away.

(24m 47s):
Now you mentioned in the city was debate huh? You could have left a side of this debate dog. They never seen it coming from this angle. It ain't safe to make this claim. It is about my section without sanctioning. It's only going to lead the more angles from the Yankees. Dogg I'm in this bitch just One. He's nice friendly. I got him looking like who is this nigga and how he find his way to us and shit that he ain't got no business In this. He's nice. Well who is this nigga? His name is K, cash Cock Cash. I'm, I don't really about him it just popped up. It is like he jumped in and put a record nigga six. He is nice. Who is this? Alright so we just playing. Anybody that I playing I'm playing high jumps in and says hey. Yeah I mean the nice ones nice one if you don't whose side is he on?

(25m 27s):
Joey Nigga New. I know but does Joey know him? We don't know I don. Okay so we don't know we lost a fucking plot. We just all right go ahead watch your fucking mouth nigga jumping. We dunno him but nigga nice niggas a hundred niggas going. That Joey Badass. Yeah lets somebody from New York. That shit off Get in there Nixon six fucking Fuck that nigga. I was out there nigga I was out there. Niggas just jumping around. I get crazy nigga Didn didn't know none of niggas I was out there with. That's what happened. Niggas New York. Watch your fucking self. He was nice. He was nice, he was nice. He's nice But I need all y'all ain't drinking me. I felt the same way until I press me today. You trick to get in trouble.

(26m 8s):
I'm letting daily in this shit. You gonna get me in some rap beef. I'm shedding the fuck up. All right. Thank you. CK Cash Ky cash cock cash. Shout to cock cash. Who the fuck is Cs you wanna go to Word to Joey? Oh shit he's generation now. Niggas Must got man. Thank you. Y'all niggas must man My Fucked up now My Man Y niggas look, he gave his number like day summer shine.

(26m 55s):
I'm gonna bring that thunder like I can't see light. Yeah okay the question is in me V you or UV Ray. Either way these sales getting passed out, lights off when not black out. Swerving in the lane with me. Let crash out. Niggas lightweight. I swear I ain't even maxed out. No matter what stage they put you on, you still ass down The third attention is sad and you could say could take away that such that you sit on. Yes sir. I say I gonna get on your ass. You might like that smoking all you niggas in the blunt. It is the light pack, the eye need for months. They told Joey to fight back now every punchline they need a crutch and the ice pack silly with the upper cut video proof. Fuck y nigga still get the I'm ready.

(27m 35s):
Y'all better all call the truth. Better yet get the general. I put the last nigga in a body bag and back to get his tag. Thought I told y'all niggas ain't fucking with me. War ready for comic rap take the number four line. I get through the date fast like Ramadan Fire You gotta go To Lux. That was Like the way no we're playing this entire joint. Oh okay. That's why like all of this other shit. Y'all get me to the main event. I don't have time for all under car. You don't have time for the openers. We need opening some time not on this broadcast. Go go to them other YouTubers and hear what the openers are doing.

(28m 18s):
I'm in for the main event which is Light Rayon, Joey Badass, Lux And now Lux and now Loaded Lux listen call it New York Bias. I I think Joey's up he's up and I think he's up by No he's not up. Rayon been Joey up. Rayon is going. Ray what's a lot To you? We'll have a time where we can go around the room and hear what everyone thinks. Okay. Okay. I'm just saying what I think. I'm not saying it's fact. In my opinion, Joey's beats has been have been a lot harder. This one still the deal for me, this is the one that sealed the deal for me. This beat switch and then bringing in Loaded Luxe.

(29m 0s):
But some of the earlier Ray shit was hard. Yeah I Don't think his beats had been harder. Ray ran outta shit to say to me, Well this LA the the very last thing he did Ray really Have nothing else to say. I was very careful picking my words last Bob when I called Ray a better wordsmith, which I think he very well may be. I don't know that that means that he's a better rapper or Mc than Joey Badass. 'cause it's about what you have to say. Not how many fancy words you can rhyme. Joey sound like he got a lot to say about every one of y'all. Even though it's low profile compared to Kendrick. I also think that there is some veteran verse rookie or first year however you want to view Ray Vaughn player. You know what I'm saying?

(29m 40s):
Joey's been here for a minute. He's been here 15 years. He's seasoned. That's what I'm saying. Like with all due respect, it's easy to dismiss Ray Vaughn and Daylyt and anybody on TDE. That's not them. Yeah that's not Kendrick Solo rock schoolboy. Anybody else over there is easily dismissed. Sorry. And that's why they rapping the way they rapping on this records because niggas is gonna easily dismiss em. So let me show you something. Reason went crazy bro. Yeah. Reason, reason's going crazy. And Ray Bond and Ray Bond Went crazy. Went crazy for a lot of people who might not have ever heard of Ray Vaughn.

(30m 22s):
It is like oh shit, who is this? And he's killing shit over. That's my favorite part about this battle. Sure. Between him the dude played cock even A reason like yo dependent. Now you gave me a reason to come back out and show niggas what I could do with a pen. Yeah. I think this is gonna make a lot of these dudes gain some fans. Which I Love it. Just rap. Yeah. Yeah just rap. That's that's at the bottom line. It's just rap ain't no industry games. No no games, no nothing. YouTube drops bad mixes at all. Fuck it. Missed Pur of it. Let let's go Parks. Yeah let's go the Rap the number line. I'm gonna get through the date fast. Like Ramadan. I'm the real bookie man. Y'all nigga should be afraid fuck taking y'all so long you nigga Seven days on them shots y'all took and I ain't even getting Grace son of y'all.

(31m 6s):
Canon ain't the only thing getting raised Triple line don't even n me how I pack him out, punch lines, pack a pack out. Tell them real bosses back style and y'all niggas kids smoke like black and mouth. I hope the streets call you Quill. No wonder why your feathers ruffle girl nigga teacher man is scuffle. I'm a gladiator. A word of Russell flexing on you nigga said I ain't even had to move a single to kick the Westbrook got the whole West cook. They jazz week now they working on they best hook. Look Rayon was so last week now I'm hearing shit about some nigga named as chief who wanted to be the next victim. How many dogs will it take? The sick trying to take a bite out the apple.

(31m 46s):
It's just forbidden. I'm gonna break 'em down to the Adam didn't split them when I hear them Don pull Turn off, Turn this off, off, off. Turn this off, turn this off. Turn this off. Slow down, slow down, slow down. Don't make me pull it up. Yeah, yeah nigga you got busy ju You go crazy on. Yeah I like when the bars give you that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I really changed. I really changed. I I love when you can hear like he gonna star out with a niggas to death.

(32m 28s):
He gonna star out with the niggas to death. Mm. That's the but that's the angle. Yes. That's his truth And that's the angle that they using against him. I hear you. That's what they're trying to use against him. I hear you. It's something to be said for the nigga where you could hear every word understand every word. Yeah the mix sound clean his pace. Yeah his pace to me is more Expensive sounding beats. Yeah. Not for nothing. Yeah. All all of that matters Right this second. True. Them niggas over there is rapping. They rapping. Yeah. And I don't wanna take away from the production side over there too 'cause I don't wanna make it sound. I love them brave on beats Joey though standing alone something to be said for the demonstration he's putting on.

(33m 8s):
That's all I'm saying. For sure. Yeah I agree. And that shit sound crazy. It Looks like It is a jump and he's winning the jump that Bring the pain Flint. Oh my God That was hard. Yo. He he winning. Yeah he Is definitely winning. Ray went crazy Winning win. He's definitely, he was winning and they jumping him. Yeah. And they jumping him. That's the impressive shit. That's the impressive shit. And he's still standing. Yeah He fucking that shit off. Like He called my man ass cheek. Yeah. Knocked come out. Right. That was like someone jumped in the fight and you just turned around ba anyway. Fucked man. That's real. Which is what should happen to Homeboy for sure. Like hey cool you was on Peekaboo.

(33m 49s):
Awesome Thanks. And you could be a really dope guy with a bright future. Not now. Sorry. Hey but I'm not mad at young man. Well I'm not mad now. It is. I do it for trying round of applause for that. I don't want to be introduced to none of you niggas during the beef. That's me. Oh I don't. I do. That's be my favorite part Of this shit. And you wasn't? Yes. Well you introduced By Peek. Yes. Says you I didn't know Homeboy's name on Peek Bull. Y'all not get speak for you. I get that but I don't know him and him jumping in this beef I pass. I get that speak for you. I pass, I understand. I know a homeboy's name but if I was introduced on a number one album, my, the song that I'm on is I think number six or seven.

(34m 35s):
Some people have been introduced to me. That's all I'm saying. Yeah I'm And I'm not mad for him trying to shoot a shot. Me either. I'm not mad at that supposed to do that. But can you get to the heavyweights please Now thinking Fox killing your really the villain I'm back in niggas is really the feelings Nothing but my shit. These flows could break ceilings, not feelings down. Told y'all nigga I'm back. I know you feeling now and now making it seem like you predicting my you my free calling. You want me because you, you say they want power to go script of the battle you don't commit. But what I can do is put it on whack, you know it's lit. Hold this bit. Skateboarding them doing tricks Mama shoeing.

(35m 16s):
I was just at Jordan with the kick flip. What we doing east to the west? That's Crossroads for you. Andwhenever we intersect line for line and hashtag about good kids badass. The I'm a King. You a like work on challenge nigga. I want all value. Cut it out. Just put a record songs and albums or performing ball. Best talent Swipe at me ain't Ball can't chase them. So bank on him to come and get that check. Then he puts it all in the balance to fall over Flat. Tried to climb the mountain and he broke his back. LA Strip players and exposed with Lift chambers. How you switch up? Yeah hit us like Mama the whips raising by slip hanging in the kitchen.

(35m 58s):
Don't miss thing in position. Her kid came in here sniffing. I'm cooking notice tro nigga faking making window shot came in some serious, I'm a man that can show him this playing and he gonna catch a fit. He can't hang with T Grizzly. I'm big game the Knicks head coach. I'm putting pain. You been on a rope. That's why you wear that mask. Careers slope. Shit Playing freeze tag. You been going on for In Game. Joey out here lighting you up, niggas playing with your name. I'm just saying Shit. They thought it was a game man. Shit. That Goddamn light you up. Yeah. Yeah. That was dope. It was dope tagging like you said. Yeah you tagging from Lux. Here you go. Got 'em right here.

(36m 39s):
Dope tagging. I love that building anticipation for Lux and Light at some point. Yes. I love Lux being the person that Joey tags in. I love love, I loved everything about that perfect execution. Beat the flow. There's nothing to not really like about that one. That shit was these niggas is just doing a lot for where this beef started. That's all like It is a lot going on. It is. But that's what I like about it. It's pride. It is hip hop. I think it's promo that that's the main thing. It is. It's free promo like yo. And not just I'm independent. The label is doing some bullshit. It's hard for us to get music out. This is giving me any reason to go get some more fans.

(37m 21s):
I'm not mad at it. Rap people are trying different things. Slowing up different beats. Yeah. That's the part like yo I can rap so cool. You said something, I'm on your ass again. If you say something else I'm gonna do It is this comes to me in my sleep. These is bar spitters we talking about. Not these ain't clout Chay. You know this ain't that New generation gimmicky niggas out. Yeah The niggas that could do everything but rap. Right, right. That's what I'm loving about. It feels like pure hip hop to me. It feels like that part I'm sport. Yeah. I Love it. Shit Get you excited. Listen. I'm like yes. Who like who? Who got something to say next? I want to hear it all Until Until I listen. Until I don't.

(38m 1s):
Yeah. Until I don't. Until they start missing. Yeah, until I don't. Until I get tired of it. But right now I'm not tired of it. I love every second of this shit. Me too. You know there's gonna be a million more tracks that we have. Yeah of course. Good facts. Go rap. Yeah we've been begging niggas to rap for years. Word. So go rap. Niggas been saying New York ain't been sounding like New York for years. Now you have New York niggas rapping good ain't at let that nigga off that casting couch. Johnson and Johnson. Holy shoulda gotta get back on Troy and ain't say shit.

(38m 41s):
Heard he out here begging for do I let the case pick get smacked down thinking re wrestling with all them. Ray flips Little shots ain't hurt V Wick I'm in the Matrix Electric. He out here flexing with his power checks. Had a nigga pushing up daisies a Ish set tripping with this nigga then why y'all ain't the boy? I heard you would slide no Diddy Bow on slide for you. I was signed for five years and got blocked by Covid. You was signed for like 20 and still ain't got motions. You had legends in it all turned out bonus. Just a fourth list Miss with a bad boy bonus. Look, CJ got no hit. Kirk got no hit. You ain't got no hit. So Pro era don't exist. TD nigga ain't that about a bitch. You got a label full of all this heavy blog post.

(39m 21s):
Skip, I'm a D one Crash out. I'm dummy as he gets Indian Street food. A nigga made it off the wrist, a nigga made it out wheel. But my name ain't J Smith thinking I ain't got his number. Bitch he authorized the head where always coming from your lips. If you standing next to Diddy then you shouldn't mention, See this is where he started. He started beating the Diddy shit down. Yeah he Did it A little too. Too much. Too Much much. That's my only issue with that. Yeah me Too. It was dope until then. But then it starts to get a little repetitive in the angle that he chose. Yeah, Well that's my thing. How much are you gonna be able to say about Joey Badass? I think they're gonna start running out I think. I Think everybody's gonna start running out shit to say and now we just doing it for the sake of doing it.

(40m 1s):
Yeah that was hard. That Shit is hard though. Yeah that's till then but then it starts to Daylyt Whatever your new shit is. We'll get to it on the next one buddy. Yeah So sorry I'll check it out during the break. I still got Joey Badass Up. Me too. Cool. Me too. But I think Ray has been right there with him. I'm, I'm not bad. Consistent. Yeah and I'm not mad at Ray continuing to do that 'cause Ray actually has the album out. He does. Which Is dope again A Dope album. Yeah And the album's dope. I missed that La Leakers freestyle. He did. He went absolutely fucking crazy up there. He went nuts. Yo. I didn't see it. We came in to talk. We talked about it. We talked about it. We definitely talked about it. There we go. Yeah he went nuts.

(40m 43s):
It was like 10 minutes long. Plus Y'all don't think we have a summer of rat beef coming right? No. Nah, No. Who's it? Who's out hear the beef that the masses would want to really hear. This is for the heads. The masses don't care. The masses don't give a fuck about this. They don't. Not really true Masses don't care about this. How long does this run? What do y'all think? Maybe another week. Oh another. Okay. What you think we we week and a half tops. I think it's kind of old. Joey Badass got a girlfriend so he ain't gonna keep doing this. You you niggas. I can't speak for everybody or I might want this. Yeah I might want this. Yeah It's good traction for everybody Involved Can and over nigga.

(41m 25s):
Yeah them niggas is rapping like ain't no girl in the house looking in the living room saying hey when you come to bed niggas rap. Joey Badass ain't going keep staying up all night. He gotta go to bed Can and over there I got time shit. I got time. I do Love it though. Shout out to Joey man to shout to Ray, shout out to Daylyt. Shout to you other niggas. Whose names I don't know yet. This is, this is great. This is great. I Love it. Yeah me too. Yeah. No Ice. Excited Ice. Ice. What nigga is hip hop shit. Why Nigga though we're Not, we're not getting No Why can't just be Joan. We're not getting no rap albums. This is the closest thing we got to a rap album this year that we give a fuck about for me.

(42m 7s):
I played this playlist more times than I've played any album. I think this year outside of Alan Two Chain shit. Y'all got two albums I fuck with this year. Damn. That's crazy. Yeah You right. We need game to get involved. Yeah. Nah he can't do that. Can't do that. I love game but Not right now. Bad timing. I feel like he's going To game. They were light game ass up with all the shit that they got that they could use right this second. Your game is house shopping. Yeah, he gotta chill. I also feel like it's a generation thing. Like he's a couple gener, he don't care. Yeah You right. But It was a generation thing when Tiger was dis in Dirk he didn't give a Fuck. That's true. He will. I'm sure he will insert himself in this beef at some point.

(42m 47s):
But I don't think it's needed. Yeah, I wonder what all the rappers are doing. All the rappers is busy with life shit. They ain't doing nothing. I know, I see. That's what's funny too 'cause I see them tagging rappers on like Twitter or whatever saying you need to get like they hit banks. Banks like, yo, I just dropped a album of the year contender. I'm not thinking about this. You know they, they hitting other rap like I'm not getting in that. They got it. Y'all y'all could do that. I don, I done proved my pin already in on that front And that I think the same thing should go for game. Like Yeah but he Liked to to do it Though. That's it. Yeah You right. It'd be beef that you don't want him in and he just jumps in anyway. That's A fact. That's All. That's a fact. That's why I wouldn't be if if if circumstances were different I'm sure he'd be in here.

(43m 31s):
Let the youngest duke it out. I agree with the up and comers. Got it. And Joey And Joey kick it ass. So you got a big dog, you fucking freeze. I love when you do that freeze he woulda get all this shit on. Nigga can't breathe. Nope. I told y'all, y'all not gonna get me today. Nobody did nothing free. Alright, what's up, what else is going on? What else? What else is hot out there? Come on flip. You was doing some real life journalism huh? With the Puff trial. You've been doing a lot. Yeah, I I you left work early the other day and then I saw you in a Sea of Knick fans. Yeah, I didn't leave for that though. But did I mean yeah I left, I left work early you know I was, you know went out there to be with the Knicks fans and shit.

(44m 17s):
Had a meeting. Yeah Puff trial man I was dropping by with Jr to go film something. I saw my mom outside. I didn't know what the fuck she was doing out there. I'm like what? So then I got out the call and then you know they were asking me a lot of questions about how I feel but who's that who people TMZ. Different outlets ask me questions and I just told 'em like, you know I, I'm not well researched yet so I can't answer any question. You know I learned from where I, I learned from the show that I'm on that your voice is very powerful and I don't wanna speak outta turn. And they was like okay that's good. And then salute to that. Yeah it was just mayhem and stuff like that. But I don't know what my mother being out there for me, I gotta watch her. She's doing a lot. What was she out there for doing that?

(44m 59s):
Like just I guess blogging or vlogging on what's going on on her opinions around the corner from my job And it was good to see her, You know what I mean? And freshman fit nigga was out there too and I'm looking like I hope this nigga ain't, 'cause I know how my mom is and JR was telling me your pops did that guy go please calm down because you know they going back and forth outside so, but my mom was cool. Everybody was cool. I saw so many people that were just like you said was just running down there to be a part of the trial or be inside or try to get to Scoop. Is it open to the public? Yeah, It is the public completely. It's hard to get into. I think that's so interesting. Like the people that wake up and say you know what I'm gonna to puff shit.

(45m 41s):
I'm going to Puff's trial today. There's a lot of people that's outside a lot of argument, a lot of arguing outside. So Laura ro out there, she's cool. Yeah. So yeah, she's dope. She been streaming. I've been getting all my reporting from her and some white lady. Yeah I know you're talking about. I sold them out town. White lady cooking. She killed that shit. Yeah she bodying that shit she got but the white lady, her little corner like she not even trying. She on the corner together. She got a little space. She not with all that shit in the front. She go in the corner like it's like around the corner when nobody's on the stairs and she's just sitting there getting her shit off. Yeah. Mm. I know who you're talking about. I don't really have nothing to say. I know some more people took the stand. I don't have anything else to say about the trial as it stands currently if you weren't here. So if you have anything to say please.

(46m 22s):
They leaked the pictures of the escorts. I saw that. That was crazy. These niggas was in there with submit yo. That's what you, they threw me all the way off with these Do larin, lookings escorts. Yo. That's where you go with this hundred Be your yo for mumps and months and months that's, we've been here about baby oil and escorts and a and like niggas was having the time they put this list down man these muscle head niggas got niggas playing better. Had a mask going in. N it wasn't your title.

(47m 3s):
Hey watch your It is that strike two for you? I'm asking you. That's the second you said that men are mid That's It. Is It is. You hit it earlier. I took it in stride. Come on dog. Anyway, It is the second one. You said that men were mid Yeah the list. Everybody on that list. It was a lot. It was a mid pack. I can't believe that that's who they was in there tossing up. Nigga Bump said lemme put a mask on. Hey go. I don't wanna be seen with these niggas. Hey lemme tell you something. No, that list looks absolutely nuts my nigga. They was getting as they, that was the back page escort them from, she started getting them from back page in Craigslist. Yeah, but if you have a billion dollars, that's the problem.

(47m 44s):
We assume that a billion dollars affords you a different lifestyle and sometimes it don't. Sometimes it don't. Sometimes you pulling from the same escort list, fuck Steve. But what, what if the thought was yo, yo they gonna, if I give them this bag, they gonna keep it quiet 'cause they from the back page and they from the Craigslist, one of them niggas. I would think that would be the other way around. I about to say I wouldn't think that, I wouldn't think the opposite was on some retired wrestler shit. He looked like one of them niggas that Hulk Hogan had to beat up and know bar the movie the boy head nigga. I ain't gonna lie when he come, he came in there and wrecked shit. Nigga Brutus beef came, homeboy came in there and fucking, that was the real shit anyway.

(48m 29s):
Does anybody have any education educated takes Oh we only got educated brother here that nah, don't put that on me. More educated. I, I think, I think the trial going way we thought no new, no new information. I know Dawn Richard's testimony yesterday was it didn't, it wasn't earth shattering. Yeah, I heard didn't sway nothing. It it didn sway one way or the other. She, she made some points but it was a lot of the same stuff from a civil trial. And then, and there was some times where the defense, when they were asking question, she didn't remember certain details but it, there was no, they said they chewed up and they said yeah they said they chewed up and they said she met up with the defense eight times I guess prior. Yeah. And then some of the stuff that she forgot to mention or she didn't mention when she met up with them, that was something that they held onto Mark.

(49m 9s):
I think what's interesting though is that a lot of the witnesses have said now I don't recall or that was too long ago. And, and and the each, each side is kind of being selective about when they think that's a big deal to not remember when they don't. So I'm curious to know how the jury interprets that. Well Dawn said her, she keeps remembering things as time goes on. Right. And then Puff's defense was like, isn't that the opposite of how it goes? Like, don't people normally forget as time goes on? Right. Unless somebody tell remembering things, which is not a good look, you know. But again, I'm, I'm curious to know how it plays out long term in terms of how the jury sees. It's gonna be a long trial. So I'm I'm wondering if in at the end of this so-called eight weeks if people, how much Cassie or Dawn or whoever will even still be in people's minds. You think You think it the last eight weeks? They said that at the beginning.

(49m 50s):
The pacing seems a little fast to me. Like it wouldn't shock me if it was like five or six weeks. They, they four or five people down. Yeah. Yeah. They got Cassie mom on the stand right now. But I'm wondering if there's something we just don't know. You know, you could have a witness that could, that could last 10 days depending on how things go. I just don't know. If Cassie wasn't pregnant, I'm sure that they would've loved her to stay longer. Yeah, I'm sure they would've put her towards the end of the trial. Yeah. Yeah. Ideally. So that's the freshest thing on people's minds before deliberation or Whatever. Yeah. And I don't know how true It is, but I read that that Jane Doe three is not testifying. They can't find her. They can't find her. Can't find Yeah. From, from basically what I y'all sleeping on that part.

(50m 30s):
Yo look, I'm not, that's why he say hold. That's why nigga the fuck up. Yo. Everybody just got silent on that same time and action. Don't say that man. You shit blame with change gonna come. It it a law. Stop, stop, stop. They, they basically, I think they got 'em too, by the way. I'm just having fun. I do think they got 'em already. I think they got 'em. I keep saying that. Yeah, they got him from, from now also, mind you, I've been, what we've seen so far, I've been wrong. Anytime I've guessed the verdict of one of these major celebrity trials, I've been wrong. So let me just say that too. I think they got 'em. 'cause they want to get 'em. I said that when you weren't here. I I would agree with that. I, but I'm talking about if I'm judging based off what I'm seeing take place.

(51m 13s):
No, I think you're judging based off of the, before the trial when the news outlets was saying they have all these informations on Puff, so then people are like, damn, they got him. But now that we are going through the trial, it's looking a little different every day. Somebody get in that stand, they prove that he was beating motherfuckers up and he not on trial for beating motherfuckers. He's not on trial for that, for domestic. But yeah. But I still think they'll get him. It can't by making people See that this nigga is a menace. Got it. Yeah. Nigga hit Cassie, friend with the hammer. It's like, all right, you just, nah, for real. I'm reading this shit. You can't hit. All right. I think I, I think they gonna get 'em just because they can't have thug go free and puff go free back to back.

(51m 55s):
That ain't, I think they got 'em because the other trials wasn't the feds. The feds gotta, they make a take when the feds come. It is different. I, I think that thus far from the evidence that we've seen thus far from, from reports that have been released thus far. I think he winning. They, they said that the judge said, the judge stated like, what does this have to do with racketeering? They said, the judge said that somebody, so when the judges started being like, yo dog, y'all not coming, y'all case. Yeah. Don't, it don't fare well. That's what the judge in Atlanta kept doing. Yo dog, what are we talking about? I think that that's what I'm curious to know what the next four or five weeks gonna look like. They're laying south slow because I think what they're trying to lay out now, It is not just that puff character, character flaws character, but also another thing is It is that part of the, the sex trafficking thing is coercion force or fraud.

(52m 47s):
And I think they're trying to show that he has the ability to dominate and coerce and, and terrify people. And so it's not just he's a fucked up person. True. But also like he's capable of making people disappear. He's capable of doing these things. So you might really feel like you have to get involved in commercial. So we gonna show how violent he is. That's not enough to me. No, but we going, we gonna lay it out slow. So we gonna show how violent he is. We gonna show he has a, a, a, a history of violence and making these things happen. Cool. Now when you go down the line and say, yo, why did you stay for so long? Boom. He was violent. Y'all saw that he did X, y, Z to these people. So I think they laying it out slow. Right. I didn't want my car to blow up right now though. I, I think he's winning until they come through and tie it all together.

(53m 29s):
Then they might do a masterful job of doing so. But I think as of right now, he's definitely winning. It is. It is. It's, it's a whole bunch of reasonable doubt in, in what we've heard in the first two weeks. Wait, here's the other thing though, and this is what I've been thinking about. I mean, it seems like the, the, the prostitution stuff seems pretty cut and dry though, right? I think you're right about the racketeering. They ain't proving that at all. But is there any doubt that he paid for prostitutes and had 'em travel? I'm cloudy. I I know y'all read it here. I'm cloudy on if that's sex traffick. Yeah, me too. Like, because, 'cause 'cause some people's version of coercion is different. We've read the definition of coercion up here, but he can't necessarily forcefully say that he did those things.

(54m 11s):
And I think that's where your point about the early thing is is, is, is is really important to tie those two things together. Because if, because if, if I say I didn't coerce him to do it, and he says yes, he did. And I, and I've we've already established for three weeks that you, that you coerced everybody and doing everything. 'cause everybody's scared of you. I think now all of a sudden. See, but you being scared of me is not coercion. Yeah. And that's the way it's tricky. No, but if you have a, if you have a history of, and not me, anybody, some people are give anybody, anybody, but if we have a history of when I step outta line, he beat my ass. Right? So now I might have did all of these 20 things voluntarily just so I ducked getting a ass whooping. See that? And what I'm saying is I'm not certain in the court of law that that proves that I know that Puff's defense attorney was asking Cassie, Hey, did he ever beat your ass when you said no to a freak off?

(55m 6s):
And the answer was no. So I'm that their angle was okay, whatever the domestic abuse was about, it wasn't about this, it wasn't about these freak offs. Yes. That just sounds like a wild sentence to even say No, no, no. But, but, and they, and so I don't, so I don't know, I don't know where the, the jurors fall on that. And from what I've seen also, they were having the freak offs when he wasn't even present. So yes. If that's, if that's true. They asked for souvenirs, but that lens to yo dog, she was doing this shit when I wasn't even there and she was the alpha, you know what I'm saying? And, and, and the, and the lead person in these activities and I wasn't even there. So I think that also buys him a little bit of a reasonable doubt.

(55m 49s):
I mean now I of shit, I did hear that they're trying to get a, a doctor up there to talk about trauma. Right. Because they stated that Cassie did text him in 2018 and 2020, You know what I mean? After she said the abuse happened after they broke up. So they're trying to say that maybe in 2023 when she filed the lawsuit, that she had time to realize that she was going through something or it was traumatic or it was toxic. She felt safe and free. Yeah. She felt safe and free. But what the defense is trying to say is that you said puff is all these things, but you told him that you missed him. You were already engaged in relationship pregnant with your child and you're reaching out to Puff. Tell him how much you missed him saying that he's your best friend saying that, yo, you wouldn't be here if it wasn't for him.

(56m 34s):
Your life wouldn't be this magnificent if it wasn't for him. So it it, yeah. It, It is a great, It is a great, let's think about this, this weekend. 'cause you know, we all, we talked about the cult stuff before, but I, I, I was thinking about when I lived in the cult and some of the kids who got molested, some of them moved back in. I was thinking about how many of them went back a year later or six months later or two years later, or who said they missed We, the name we called, they, they missed the leader. And at the time I couldn't understand why they would do that shit either. I, I didn't get molested. So, you know, I was, it was easy for me to be out. I thought I, you know, a lot of them went back. So I guess for me, I can wrap my mind around it. I understand. But I remember their defense was the same thing. If I was this monster, why these kids coming back? I don't know what's true or what's not true, but I do know that they're gonna have to convince the jury that that's possible.

(57m 20s):
'cause there's a lot of pe everybody up here, we had this conversation last week who's, who's doubtful about that piece? Jurors are gonna be doubtful about that too. So they're gonna have to, they're gonna have to do some real convincing Yeah. Question for you. You said that when you were in a cult though, when you left, you were basically homeless. Yeah. Right. And you had nowhere to turn and nowhere to go. Right. So as, as a lot of motherfuckers that go, go to that, to mark, yo he got his himself together. No, I'm No, but he was ashamed to go back. That's what he said. He said he didn't wanna go back to home. But he cleaned because he had an issue with, I know he had a disagreement with mama loving them greatness. What I'm saying is a lot of motherfuckers, when they come home from jail, they don't be having nowhere to go. And as fucked up as jail is, motherfuckers will do some shit to go right back to jail to what they know. Yep. Where they're comfortable. Yeah. It is a comfort thing.

(58m 0s):
Maybe more so than facing the outside world and all of the shit and adversity that comes along with that. You might as well go back to what you know. Exactly. And that could be potentially it, especially with what you know, is actually like a mansion, three hots in the co Yeah. All that shit. Yeah. It is like, Cassie had a whole much better warm, you know, her option was even better. So that's, that's a, that's just a, I totally could see how it would happen. It doesn't make her right, it doesn't make her wrong. But I could see it. It doesn't, when I See that her do that, I don't go up. That proves that that proves she lying. But, but proves who's lying. It's an opposite. Some people See that and say if she went back and she, then she must be lying. I'm saying that doesn't necessarily mean that for me, the thing that come, the, the, the thing that a lot of people had trouble with when it came to Cassie, or as it pertains to Cassie, and I don't wanna stay on her 'cause she's no longer on the stand.

(58m 49s):
They had a problem with how she, how she left. She left because she realized she could never live up to the ghost of Kim Porter. Kim Porter. She, he didn't want to have a baby with her. All of those things are kind of saying now you didn't leave as an, as a result of abuse. You left as a result of he wouldn't fulfill the things that you wanted outta your significant other. And even when they asked her on the stand, It is like she almost stopped herself shorter saying, yo, I still love this man. Yeah. And she might So it gets tricky. She might, yeah. And she might and she might listen. She's not on trial. That's true. She not But we not in court. Yeah.

(59m 29s):
Also true. Mark. Mark, how do you look at this, right? We say that when we talk about the government and everything and, and the current people in power, we say that the world is this way, right? Like people think this way, people think like misogynistic and people have this way, this skewed view of viewing the world. And then when you go on in the trial right? And you're listening to what's going on, are we hoping that, and help me 'cause you know, TikTok, are we hoping that people will see things from a different lens? Because if, if we still see thi if the world is fucked up, Trump and all that shit, and people have this view and we don't look at things about from the trauma perspective, or we don't acknowledge, some of the people don't acknowledge post not postpartum Stockholm syndrome.

(1h 0m 17s):
Are we hoping that they do See that view or look differently? 'cause the judge or the jury may come from I guess the right side of the wing, if you understand what I'm saying. You understand what I mean? I don't think it's a, but I think the issues what y'all think, but I, and I think the issues are bigger even than just the last two years, four years, eight years, 10 years. I think it's just the way society looks at things. Yeah. That doesn't stop at a, at an election. So I think in general, we don't believe survivors in general. We don't trust the testimony of people who say they're abused or we're skeptical about because we don't talk to people who get harmed a lot. We think that getting harmed looks a certain way. You get abused, you walk out, you never come back. Anybody who does something different, we See that as evidence that they might not be as harmed as they say they were volunteering almost.

(1h 1m 2s):
Exactly. So, so, so that's always the tug of war. And so I think in the courtroom, you, you are almost having to educate the jury Yeah. About how to look at the world differently when ideally we should be doing that for each other so that you never even, we never even get to that place. You know what I'm saying? And, and I think that's why it's an uphill battle. And that's why a lot of people don't go to court. That's why a lot of people don't go to the police. That's why a lot of people don't sue. It's not 'cause they're not harmed, it's because they don't wanna have to go through all this shit where they end up being the person that gets scrutinized as much as if not more than the person who actually did the harm. So, you know, I, I don't, I, and I think plus attorneys are hoping the same thing. I I think they hope in the world looks at the world the way they, we always do. You know? And, and that's why I think he's got more hope than most people.

(1h 1m 43s):
And, and I know we gotta we gotta jump to something else. But like, it's, the only other thing is I say is I know sometimes we say the feds are unbeatable and they do have like a 99% rate. 90, 98, 9 90. But a lot of that is 'cause of, please, most of It is plea bargain. Most of, no, almost all of It is plea bargaining. And so a lot of times they just put so much weight on you that you feel, you feel like you have to plea, you could be innocent. And if you know these niggas got a 90 something percentile victory rate conviction and they offer you, you looking at 40 years and these niggas say, yo, take this three years, you could be innocent my nigga. I know people innocent now, now you weighing yo three years, 85% of three years or 40 years. Yo, if I go take this too and some change, I can still see my kids grow up.

(1h 2m 27s):
So you get what I'm saying. They face, they, they, they put damn near immeasurable odds up. You know what I mean? Put you up against immeasurable odds and niggas will take the easier route. Right. That don't necessarily mean that they, they kicking ass, but when you got money and lawyers now those odds go down a, a whole lot. Yeah. Considerable. Considerable. Yeah. So don't think he's going up against 98%, he might be going up against 50% for all. That's what you're saying. You know what I'm saying? It is, It is, It is a lot better odds than you got resources. I know we gotta add to get to, but can y'all tell me what life can potentially look like for Puff in the event that he's out? What does that look like? Out, out completely exonerated or out as in a couple years. Did two years?

(1h 3m 7s):
Yeah. And I got time served or that or that? Which one? I think it's two different things. It's two different answers. I think it's two different scenarios even. But even if, even if he, even if he, And I said this yesterday, even if he's found innocent, not guilty, some sta based off the video, some stains are unremovable, his life is wrong. Yeah. Some stains are unremovable ways. I don't think so. People would still mess with Puff, but some stains are unremovable that that video of Cassie was still playing people's head. I understand that video. But this is Puff, if he gets completely exonerated of this and walks away a free man Yeah. He's still got a lot of powerful ass friends and a lot of people who wanna show that, yo, I had your back, I never turned on you and it's gonna be a lot of that happening and I think Puff will bounce back. Just so you did the video, you did the video with dis that view of the video disappear.

(1h 3m 48s):
Not, I mean, and, and it'll be talking to Public's mind, but I'm just saying in terms of Puff getting back to what he was doing, getting back to the money. Being back to the money, okay. I don't think that would halter him stop him at all. I think he'll be able to get to the money. I do think it'll be a little bit difficult for him to be like public facing in the way that he has been for 30 Something years. Yeah. I I don't think Walk the dog for me get to the money where I don't think he could take that to like how Puff could go back to Revolt tomorrow if he's an innocent man. Well he sold it, right? So remember he he sold the state. It was wasn't it public? He he sold his shares. He sold his part. Yeah, but what, come on. I'm saying he sold shares and resign. I'm just saying like no I didn wanted to be associated no more me giving my shares to somebody or me losing my shares don't necessarily mean.

(1h 4m 29s):
Yeah Vince, I don't have control of my puff situations. Different ownership and control are different. I think a large part of Puff's brand has been him being a public figure and I don't see how he can be a public figure anymore, bro. There's a lot of people that still on Puff's side that are in the public. I think it depends on how a lot of people, it's motherfuckers out here screaming free, puff wearing, it's a lot of people, I got a slightly different tape. They won't an hold. Let's go around room. I'm asking like, who are you talking about artist wise Joe or are you talking about people? Anybody but nobody. I guess what ICE is saying is the people that's not publicly condemning him, we automatically deem that they're on this side if they're not criticizing him. If they had no comment, we automatically think that okay, they waiting to see how this shit play out.

(1h 5m 10s):
Yeah. They waiting to see how it play out. They'll work with Puff. We are in a social climate where if somebody might 100% feel like free Puff, you can't say that publicly for fear of damaging your own brand. Right. You just wanna know where he is getting his money from that top in total. That's what I'm asking. Old. I just think, who knows? I think Puff has enough capital. I don't know where his money is. I think he has enough capital. I think he got enough networking like we forgetting Bro Puff was at the bottom working with Martha Stewart and all 'em niggas back in the nineties. Like he got enough resources. I think relationships where he can go invest his money and make a bunch of money. I think that he has enough ownership of that's of people's intellectual property to keep him afloat unless he had to sell all of it, which I don't know the details of, but I, I think that he would've a nice little headstart financial.

(1h 5m 60s):
He Could live off what he's, I mean couldn't he live off royalties in in, in and properties right now? I mean I Would imagine I don know about today. I don know for sure Even if he, I'm thinking if he went from a, even from a being worth a billion, being worth a hundred million. I don't know how to gain, I don't know enough to know either. That's so I'm really asking. But it, it seems like I know he know, I know how much he had at one point in in and like you said, intellectual property of people. Right. That seems enough to survive off of. I think there are people who have been going to prison, look at Mike Tyson for example, right. Mike Tyson was convicted of, of came back, won a championship again and became famous again and, and he was found guilty and there, but there's a big chunk of people who thought he got a raw deal. I think with Puff there's enough people. Puff will never be the Martha Stewart person.

(1h 6m 40s):
You know, you know the difference in that though. Yeah. Video. No. And boxing and music. Not even video changes. Shit. That's true. Seeing it, seeing it right there in real time changes it all. I think everybody's seeing it. I think it'll be a blemish on his record for the history of time. I think Puff is gonna come out, start doing anti-drug shit, saying that he was high. People have already attest to him always being high. I was outta my right mind. I made some mistakes, blah blah blah, blah, blah. He can't never shake the video. But I think financially he can rebound from this because I think motherfuckers is is is fickle. Yeah. I think people are fickle and they really don't care about it as much as they might say in a public framing of things.

(1h 7m 22s):
A hundred percent. I think that when it come to yo puff could bring $20 million over here a quarterly, I think niggas will forget that this girl got beat up. Unfortunately. And there's another piece to this that I, that that I think, which might be off the beaten path. I might be way off on this, but there's an opportunity for puff to be a public celebrity spokesman. No, no, no. I'm, I'm going somewhere totally different. I I I mean one day he could be a spokesman for some something or other, but this whole sexuality thing is a new lane. I mean, there's no secrets about puff's. Sexual identity, who he's with, what he likes to do, how he gets down. There's a whole world out there that he could ex there's a whole un parting expression, untapped world that he could start to attack around partying, around sex, around fluidity, all that stuff.

(1h 8m 6s):
Fluid, all that stuff. I mean there's a whole world that would embrace him. He could be the party king in my, I mean there's all kinds of lanes for him. If it were just about money now he, that might not be the legacy or the image he wants to have. And that might not be how he sees himself. But I'm just saying there's a lot of stuff that's come out. What I'm about to say for, for, for what you're saying happened, he would have to claim that fluidity and we've never seen him do that. But he couldn't be based on what he would've potentially backlashed he was operating then he couldn't That's true. I'm saying now I'm That's true. If he wanted to, he could scratch. I'm not saying he could from scratch. He could start from scratch. Now he could. That's a hell of a lane. Now he could. I don't know about that joke. I don that's, I'm saying the girl said that. I don know about that. The girl said that he would make her keep the the ejaculate ejaculate on him and come in the room and rub another nigga's cu on his nipples.

(1h 8m 53s):
Right. That's what she said. So now there's a whole Yeah, those are the souvenirs I was talking about. Yeah. Yeah. She didn't doesn't make him gay. Yeah. And don't, I'm not saying ain't about gay. Nobody said anything about, said nothing about gay. Make him buy Nobody said anything. We just saying there's a world makes him have kinks that he would have hidden preci next guy. But hold on. No it doesn't. No it doesn't though. It doesn't. I'm with you. It is the opposite day. Wait a minute. Y'all are telling me that the dude this says, hey, come on in. I know you getting hounded by some guy and he netted on you. Now rub, but that doesn't make him gay. What does it make him? It doesn't maket make gay, it makes him nasty or freaky on somebody's eyes. But that don't make him gay.

(1h 9m 33s):
Don't make him gay. That's true. You all are correct and I'm wrong and I'm not being sarcastic. You're absolutely correct. I guess what I'm saying is I can't, I've never met anyone who wanted those things to happen who was not also How would you know that? How would you know? That speaks to what we said and that's, that speaks to your whole thing. It's closet. All of those things. They were, he was hiding for years now because it's been open to the public, he can now come out, embrace that and get embraced by I stand out. You're a hundred percent right. I'm I'm being too narrow minded on this. You you absolutely. But no, you introduced it. Yeah, I'm saying you're right. I'm saying I'm, my instinct is probably homophobia. My, my first instinct is yeah, if, if a nigga want somebody come on his nipples, he might be gay, but ding ding ding. Anything is possible.

(1h 10m 13s):
True. And there's a lot of fluid. But I'm saying that you're right. That is the whole point. But look, dog, even if he is gay, what do you think the freaky people in the educator community, the conscious educator black community is on? And what type of freaky should you think they on? I don't know. I don't go in no Symba man. Them native wearing. Oh them no deodorant wearing dreadlock. Boy. Hey watch your fucking mouth man. Flip, flip, flip mark. No, I don't know anything. I bet you though, busting all over shelf wild. None of these stocks. Cut that nigga. Turn to page 59. Come my how Clock cut that nigga dreads and bring it back to, to me.

(1h 10m 57s):
Gimme that dissertation nigga. Play with nigga dreads. What? Oh man. Anyway, we'll stay tuned to this. Yes. We will not be reporting on this every pod. Yeah, no, thank God because I just can't. But it's a lot. It's a lot. I I I beg to differ because I think what's gonna happen every three to four days get a whopper, something gonna come out. Somebody's testimony is going to be nerves newsworthy to where we gonna have to come in and the dr we may not go, you know, deep dive, but I think something's gonna come out every three to four days that has to be talked about. I don't think so. I don't see it like that. We'll see. Okay.

(1h 11m 37s):
Or this shit gonna be super short Or they could think a lot more is, or they should, they're actually involved in the trial. They could think a lot more is newsworthy than we do to report on True. Like we didn't say a word about all of the darn Richard shit, Cassie friend, but, but things came out. No, but I'm saying, but in the next three days, you hear what I'm saying, the next three days somebody will probably hit the stand that has some shit that is reportable. A lot of it's gonna be to talk all that straight behavior that y'all just talked about. A lot of it may come out in trial transcripts when they start interviewing escorts and things like that.

(1h 12m 17s):
We're gonna hear some wild sexual shit that's gonna turn into for people jokes into fodder, into debates. Yeah. And that might be the shit we end up talking about. Not like the trial, this stuff, but the but like all of the funny shit. Oh yeah, all the ridiculous shit. Yeah. That, that is absolutely not game For Chef is I'll be sure taking the stand. That's all I keep asking. He better not. Oh you know he got a book coming out now so he, I think he's saving his material for the book bro. He better. It is called, do you Believe Me Now them Crowd Chop Stick September. That's what this book is called. Dead Ass. Do you believe me Now Wait, what's this book called? Do you Believe Me? Now Believe and it's him that cover like it's, I I seen the, you co-wrote that you got it in stock.

(1h 13m 0s):
It comes out in September. Did you co-write it? It comes out in September and I can't believe And you doing the forward I have, I have absolutely nothing to do. I did talk to Al and I have, he gave me some of the things off the record that I have not published. But I'm excited to see the public find out the things that he told me. Oh, he promised me an interview and then he got the book deal and said that I, I had to hold the information but it will come out in September. So it's some, It is some, it's some stuff in there. And I'll just say this, I don't know if it's true or not, but if half of what Al be sure has told me is true Puff is worse than we thought could ever thought he could be. Oh I co believe that. And I've heard, I thought I heard everything I, I heard we sure talk.

(1h 13m 43s):
Right. But some of that shit sounds so left. I'm not saying it's not possible. Yeah. 'cause power is power. Some of that shit is so left. It's like some TV shit. Right. And that's why he's like, you believe me now because he feels like the case is being made for For what he said. Yeah, but can I ask YA real stupid question before we do this PrizePicks? This should be fast. What's up? Humans don't eat hippopotamus do they? No. Maybe somewhere. Probably somewhere. Y'all haven't eaten? No, no, no. Would you? Yes. No I'll try it. No. Well maybe absolutely not. Probably don't though. Call me closed minded bro. I'm good. Chicken is just fine.

(1h 14m 24s):
Why that stumped me all yesterday. They that humans don't even a bother. It's a big beef. Well I just, who said they don't finish that thought? It's a big beefy animal like in some parts of Africa It is consumed and has been for a long time. Yeah. Ain't like we just got hippos running around on the farm. Why Virginia? Why we don't eat that over here? Here we ain't no fucking hippo. We stop. You know about we have cow dog, we winners. They're not here. Stop here. Hippos are like got nigga you got cows out. Hippos are crazy. You know hippos, hippos are crazy.

(1h 15m 5s):
You can't keep them like cows. Yeah, yeah. Tear that whole shit up so hungry. You're not just grazing the hippos. Look it says it says hippo meat. They do what they want. Well look, hippo meat is not commonly consumed but those who have tried it describe the taste as somewhat similar to beef though. It can be tougher and gamer. The meat is set to have had a rich fatty flavor and it's often compared to other large game animals. So niggas do fuck with it. Yeah, but you ain't risking your life for a tough ass snake. Nah. Yeah that don't sound good. It ain't worth sound chaotic. It's like deer tough. They don't play. Hippos are hippos don't play at all. Shit. Nah, hippos don't fuck around. Strongest bite and all that other dumb shit. Who the fuck hippos are assholes? Yeah. No one wants to deal with. Yeah, let me get that cow right there nigga.

(1h 15m 45s):
Chilling. The grass. Yeah. What we talking about? Alright. Yo, your brain. Yo. Would you try it Hippo? Yeah. No, but I wanna try human. All right. All right. My favorite part show. My favorite part. Favorite part. The show dog. I love this part. I need friends that don't get so taken aback by just my normal thoughts. Like what was wrong with what I just said? You want you, you wanna cannib, you wanna be cannibal. But I think the normal thought was the hippo party say no, no cannibalism by him saying I want to eat humans. No hippo's too far for me. I want try human. That was crazy to me. Why? Saying you want to try human? Not if I was in, you know, some a diet situation, diet situation and if I was stuck I would do it.

(1h 16m 29s):
You didn't say that. You said it like I wish it was a restaurant across the street where I could walk in and say, yo, let get yo get that nigga arm. Hey you can that yo, well yo, let me get a quarter pounder. The fuck you talking about bro? You don't think that's off a little bit? Not at all What part of the human you want? But long ago I've accepted that. That you yeah. That you think different. Yeah. Do you see individual humans and be like, yo, they might taste me. I wonder what Sharon tastes like. Okay so now, now what kind of human PhD brother thinks I'm crazy too now? No, I'm just, just No, no. What I'm telling you how you want your human to look. They, they look at, he is trying to reach the guy. I'm asking you, you want one that was in the park running with the tough muscles or you want the fat motherfucker with shit little more.

(1h 17m 11s):
They planting this somewhere in the world. Human meat is being sold on the dark web and Oh I think that people that have tried human meat actually I've seen people that have tried human meat speak about it and they say it's to die for it. No pun intended. Really? They say that It is some of the best meat you could try. I wouldn't know that 'cause I'm not killing anyone and I'm not on the dark web. But if one of y'all happened to pass out or have some untimely thing happen to y'all, I should pass out. I am going to fry a little slicer, a little slice of, I gotta see.

(1h 17m 52s):
So yeah, okay, that's all. See them docs. Docs will fuck you up son. So humans eating bats and all that other shit, don't gross you out but human to human. That don't gross me out though. None of that shit grows me out. Human to human is some human. Yeah that's where it's a little, I'm cool. Eating your own is a little different. Oh please put some salt and pepper right on one of you nigga. Lemme get some. I'll put some old right on one nigga. Stupid. That's crazy. Fuck you talking about it. How fast.

(1h 18m 24s):
Alright, it's time for my favorite part of the show PrizePicks. And if I've never said it before, I absolutely love prospects. It is one start. Dear man. I bet that's a flip comment. That's a flip color. I'm not sure if I've said it before, but PrizePicks so I'm rolling with guns are places. Lemme tell you what It is though. Yeah. The number one deal. What's PrizePicks Joe PrizePicks is just shut up. PrizePicks is the best place. It's been the best. They are the best. It is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into real cash money with millions of members. And hopefully we get that number up, up, up, up all the way up. Let's get some more members. If you listen right now and you're not a member, download PrizePicks right this second. Tell 'em Joe sent you with millions of members. PrizePicks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all. All you have to do is pick more or less on at least two players for your chance to win. Now up to 2000 times your cash. So run your game all season long with PrizePicks. All right, let me give you the Joey picks of the week. All right. We going with AKA for more than 25 points and rebounds. Hopefully it's wrong on that. You got a lot of Pacers picks up here. Homeboy, it's only one game. Miles Turner for more than 22 points in rebounds. Mikel Bridges, you got Miles Mikel Bridges for more than seven rebounds in assists. Jalen Brunson for more than two three pointers and he's got TJ McConnell here from more than six point rid that I'm going with OG and Nobi TT go with OG for whatever's there. Just whatever whole lot of Pacers up here for just whatever. For nothing. We going with OG for whatever's there. Again, if you download the app right this second and use promo code Jake BP, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. I repeat for the people in the back. If you download PrizePicks right this second and use promo code JBP, you get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. So good luck to all participants out there and run your game.

(1h 21m 2s):
Alright. Who? Who? You said before PrizePicks, you were kind of joking about wanting to eat people and maybe eating somebody here. If you had to eat somebody on the cast, who would you choose and why? Well, hopefully I wouldn't have to make that choice. But I mean if I had to, shit everybody here, fat shit Parks is tall. That couch is fat. He's fat. I won't say Mel, I've dealt with that shit before. Nope, ain't getting me there. How about you? Who would you eat on the cast? That's I was, hey, I would think be easy.

(1h 21m 46s):
What I, I was just, I was thinking outta the male. The male cast. Yeah, the the only one here. Yeah. I, Oh yeah I would, I I would, I wouldn't eat mail because she's too lean and healthy. You want, you want, you want, you want fat meat. I think it'd be you flip, you get fucked up when you got You right ear shit. All that Malcolm make sure gonna help You. Right. You get fucked up. See yo, y'all too lean and healthy. We know. We know brother. You gonna learn brother. Welcome man at home. That's, hey, make sure your feet is nice and clean. Spend some time on that.

(1h 22m 26s):
Welcome man. Before you walk in so you eat me. Pause and don't let your keys jiggle. Jiggle at the door. Don't let you gotta go stop. You got a whole insert, quick insert turn. You know what I mean? It is the fact. Same reason I wouldn't eat Parks. He's too healthy. Look at him. He lean, ain't nothing there. Yeah, they probably flip. It'd be flipped. Oh it'd be flipped. Got it, got it. Yeah. Can we talk about something that's not so sad. I know we got the boat, the boat crash. The New Orleans niggas coming up later. Everything is sad. Only New Orleans niggas. This is funny. Now, now, now that's kind of fun. Them niggas went live. Wait, tell me, tell me, I don know the nigga. The New Orleans niggas escaped. Right? How many, how many of them escaped? 11. 11.

(1h 23m 6s):
11 of them escaped from a New Orleans. I think they've captured prison. Think they captured four. They captured, yeah one they captured four. And now the internet, since we stupid, the internet is placing bets on who will be the last man standing. One of them niggas went live and said I'm free. They got come on in. Right, right. Shut up or not? No. Dead. He not lying. You lying. Yo. Yo. Look, look we, we free. We free. Get down Rashid. You lying. They wilders. Huh? They caught the other nigga sleep on the bus stop. On the bus stop. Oh yeah, I heard about that. Some of these niggas is breaking out. He should have went back. Yeah, he should have went back. Can't have nowhere to go. That's why you shouldn't have left.

(1h 23m 45s):
Indeed. I mean and this was a jail, not a prison. Right. So some of these, these people hadn't even gotten convicted yet. I don't know. Or it might have been short charges nigga. Or, or, or they had a year or two. I'm just, I hope you didn't break out jail. Well if I'm, if I'm racially profiling as I'm looking at the pick, they're guilty. Ah, come on, come on. That's not nice. What? I said if I'm racially alright, I'm just saying if you in jail it either mean, it either mean you didn't get convicted or you got a real short sentence. Them niggas wrote on the wall too easy, busted little sink out. It was out. That's kind of funny. Too easy. I knew they did it 'cause in the Escape video they didn't run the fastest to get away. Nah, they hit 'em with a light little job because sir reminded you. Well you can't run. It's too obvious though, but, and the highway is there, but they walked right across.

(1h 24m 28s):
I think they don't have that much manpower at that wherever that, wherever that was. You know what I mean? But niggas is going live. They sleeping on benches, they going shopping. I'm wondering when they get their clothes from like are they stopping places and shit like that? Like they, some nigga, one of 'em niggas they caught was he had that shit on. I said oh shit, he gonna shop it out there. New Orleans get dressed like that. It was like this. Yeah, they catching them niggas. Yo. Now how did all of them escape? Do we know they were hole? They had a hole. They busted out toilet or so sink or something under the sink. And they wrote two easy on the wall now. Huh? It wasn't no barb wire gate or nothing outside. Oh. I don't know about that. We just seen the picture of the inside. Yeah, we just saw the hole bike. This to me is not the flyest jail brick that I've ever seen.

(1h 25m 11s):
No. I don't even know if it's in the top three. Nah, number one for me is still the, the dude on the Netflix doc, we lived through it. So we didn't need that Netflix doc. But that was in the relationship with the older White Security. Oh yeah. Yeah. But that wouldn't be number one. But that's top three. That's number one. She walked him out of the back door out walked the side door. They walked outside. No, I saw that and got in a cop car. Took him that fly. How else do you do it? How do you do it? Fly in that. Okay, I see what you saying now. Rest in peace to the lady because she, Annie got, she's self transitioned. Yeah. Yeah. And in that it's that game. I can't say it but, but but you can't say I can't.

(1h 25m 51s):
I can't. I'll say, I'll say it. No. 'cause this is a family show. It's not. Yo, stop changing the, the fucking title of the show each time Music show, family show plea enough. You, you cause a nigga like y y'all nigga to catch on a nigga like me. It confuses me. It's a family show. It is not a family show. It's only a music show when Iceland Parks get in they bag. So right now it's a family show. Right now it's a family show right now. Okay. So we can't say we talking about nutty nipples. Yeah, exactly. Minutes ago. Exactly Mark and eating Cubans. Yeah, we can't, We can't say how homie got it off the tall white nigga. What he did hit? He called a lick. He called, he had her open s that mouth game. He had a open. That's the shit you be doing Double. He Would've been out.

(1h 26m 32s):
That lady haven't felt like that in years. Rest in peace to her. I'm not trying to make fun, but yeah, the way he got out, she walked out nigga. Right on. That's why that nigga No. And she retired. Oh yeah. That's wise. It's the flyest too. She was a month away from retirement. They gotta act. She had served her anyway. Why, why, why do people, because I, I pay a lot of attention to prison breaks. Why do people never go nowhere reasonable? Like half the time I you get caught, you get caught going back to your own hood. They ain't got no money where going and where you gonna go? Alright. You only know what you know they got no phone. If I break outta jail, I'm at least try you, you not locking me up in my own two blocks from my house. So where you going? Where you going though? Far? How?

(1h 27m 12s):
Play it out. Okay. You don't have no money. You don't have no phone. You're walking play it out. Okay. And they got your picture everywhere. First of all, they usually don't. I mean this is, I mean usually you got, you got like at a solid 12 to 24. I'll give you a perfect example. At at CFCF in, in Philly. Right. That's my brother was before he got sentenced, two guys broke out. By last year they got out. No one knew they were missing for like two days. They did a they they did the guard count. They had the count wrong. Guards still didn't pay attention. Two days later you said 48 hours to go anywhere they wanted with not nothing on the news. Dude went from northeast Philly to West Philly and he was walking around. At least this dude was wearing a hijab. He dressed up smart.

(1h 27m 54s):
I didn catch he was because he went to quote, go find his ops Dog. I Grew up in a jail time. That nigga deserved to be caught. His nigga deserve you fucking, I was so fucking mad. Word. I be embarrassed to go back to the jail. But let me ask you where you gonna get money from? That's one. Did he catch the ops? No, he caught the cops. The cops. Yo, some of these prisons though. I grew up in a jail town and there was a escape back in the early two thousands. It was national news and all that. But there it's like the woods out there like yeah, I know something like where, where the prisoners at. Yeah. Like once you get outta there, you're not just hopping on a fucking civilization train or some shit.

(1h 28m 38s):
It that don't exist there. I see getting caught El Meyer. But in New Orleans or in, in Northeast Philly. Once you get on the bus or the train that you on, just keep going past your normal stop. Whatever stop you get off of keep, do at least do how you get on the bus and when you get off. No, when you get off at the last stop where you go. I don't look, it's a great point you're making, maybe getting caught is inevitable but I would feel embarrassed getting locked up in my head. I would go to the Home Depot, I'd be in Delaware at least and take some wood, put it on people's cards and cheat rock and shit. Make couple dollars. That's the kinda shit I would do. That's something. Do something run. I escaped from jail. I'm gonna get some pussy. That's what most of 'em do. I'm going going to my girl house. I'm going to beat that thing.

(1h 29m 18s):
You going to your girl house? This nigga you won't get no coochie. He, they might catch me there. They won't take long first. How long do You think it take me? How they won't take long. How long You think it take me lie be post it up at your mother house, your girl house and all of that shit before you even get That's what I'm saying, Doug. Yeah. Catch me somewhere. Well I don't do crime to have to. I avoid these things nigga. I done jerked off all them years. I was locked up. I'm going Aw, how many years you locked down? I hope they catch me in Hawaii some fuck. Oh yeah. About same thing. I was like nigga slip. Nah, I'm good. Hopefully you be in Hawaii lit. You gonna get cold because you probably making the sad as hell Hawaii.

(1h 29m 59s):
You're making the news out there. Sad as hell with some blonde dreads in a tan. Hawaii ain't the best place to go to by the way. It's out of the way. Yo. You wanna go to a different country I think. Yeah, that's true too. If I'm gonna lead, if I'm gonna to fly eight hours over water, I'm, I'm going to. Another country's gonna be, It is gonna be hard to catch me. Hawaii's America. Yes. Yes. Y'all talking about what? Y'all ain't flying nowhere. That's what I'm saying. Hawaii probably ain't gonna happen. No. Whatcha talking about You Right. Chi Ali Shit. Look at Chi Ali dumb niggas. Shout out to the brother. Chi Ali. Chuck, when, when he was on the run, he went from New York to Atlanta and he was working in, he was working in like a market. He had a whole other life. He got a new id, new social security card, new driver's license.

(1h 30m 41s):
He got a whole new world. That's the shit I would be k went on a run from the little nigga. Tay K went on a run from Dallas. It was found in Elizabeth, New Jersey in the basement. I respect that. I and made a, a video, a hit while We on the run. That's all I'm saying. This this what y'all respect. No, I'm just, I respect the run. I respect the effort. I respect the effort in the run. Respect the effort. You niggas hoodlums respect the effort. You gotta respect the effort in the run. I think they is where Oh no, no. They, they, they, I don't know they crimes. I'm just saying. No, no, don't, don't worry, don't worry about it. They, they got, they got it. Yo and mark. Mark some, you know, sometimes they get it wrong. This one they got right. They hit the nail on the head with that one.

(1h 31m 24s):
Shit. But did y'all hear Johnny Gill say that Stevie wanted to beat him in the game of air hockey? He said he beat him Ralph re Van Keith Sweat. Like he beat a few of them in air hockey and tell him never to tell anybody. Speak nothing of this. I believe it. That's the fuck. Yo, y'all ain't going to keep lying to me. Just for the people that still believe Stevie Wonders Blind. Yeah, y'all Stevie one is is definitely blind. He just gifted but blind don't have to mean you can't see legally blind. I learned that too. Blind don't mean you don't see nothing like Ole is blind. But he could see like legally blind. Legally blind. Okay. Yeah. Got you. I think that's what Stevie got. No, that nigga can't See.

(1h 32m 5s):
That nigga ain't gonna fool me. He's a genius. Y'all try to, because if he a seed, then he is just a hit maker. Right. If he, he blind, he is a genius. I I like what? Wait, nah, shit. The nigga more. I'm saying yo, this nigga ain, that nigga playing the fucking drums. He just got them slaps. Right. But he, he blind. I think I'm a genius. That's part of the genius. The nigga was eight playing the drums and the keyboard singing. He a lot of kids in church do that shit. Yeah. Not the blind ones. Once the nigga become blind, It is a different level. That's what I'm saying. Stevie Stevie's, that nigga, they didn't write. That's part of the genius master blaster, all that other shit. Whatcha talking about Mark? I keep going with this. Oh my gracious. Oh shit. Harmonica. You can't.

(1h 32m 46s):
Hmm. Just in your white bag today. It is about time. It's the shit though. This was luck. Nah, this was, I was, this Was, I mean like don't think about this. Come on. No, no, no. I'm serious. And I say this, I say this every year in the playoffs. In order to win a title, you have to be good and lucky. If I have told you Boston's gonna be up for the first two home games by 20 points and they're gonna lose both of 'em. You have to have a little luck on your side. And the, and the Knicks got luck. We, we broke an NBA record for misses. We didn't expect that. Like coming into you we're gonna Say, oh, you know, Mike, check Mike, Check one, 2, 1, 2.

(1h 33m 27s):
Mike check. We have a check. Here we Go. What You might need anything from Starbucks still silence from niggas who's 10. Silence nigga. Because In game three we were down 20 points and we Cry about it, Paul In one in the game, we not supposed To win. Cry about it. I'm not Even looking at the Knicks. Like they just outplayed us. They probably outworked them. They probably like got some hustle and some calls there and we missed shots. I'm not out here gonna revamp like if we came back healthy. I'm not. It is not a mo. You think about this when you win a championship, you like, all right, we need this, we need that. Broke that team right the fuck up. Told Me we need to amp Our rock mic check, mic Check. One, 2, 1, 2. I So think about this. You have two boxers go 12 rounds.

(1h 34m 9s):
I'll beat you up for letter Round. Pull up Pierce, and Then you caught me in the 12 and I Shut the fuck up. What the fuck you talking about nigga, watch your fucking mouth. Whole idea. And I like Jalen Brunson's a fine player, but a wild pal. Bill Simmons put it perfectly when he called it the saddest sweepstakes ever. The jail and Brunson sweepstakes, You know what I mean? Jalen Brunson, One of the mike. Check Mike, Check one, 2, 1, 2 point guards. You know what I mean? Looks like I've lost the room. Absolutely. So I don he's going great for the Knicks, bro. No, you Don. Not at all. I'm Mike. Check loves I don stay strong. All part of Some CAA master stroke of all.

(1h 34m 50s):
Now we have these Guys. Shut your fucking ass up nigga, real quick. Shout out some of the Nick Legends. Ja mean, Anna Houston, Larry Johnson, Latrell Sprewell, Chris Childs, Jerry Dudley and all that Little Stefan Marberry and all that. Hold up for a minute, man. Fuck what these niggas talking about. What? Gotta sweep four zero trash. I hate New York. Everything about him. We're gonna Beat him at four, 10 days. Overpaid trying to beat us. Spend all the money and they can't even come close. Sad, unacceptable. Just Listen. Ah, Yo Easter conference finals.

(1h 35m 35s):
Long, long, long. 25 years. If you a Nick fan under 25, you've never seen anything like this. Mm. If you are a Nick fan that was just born Ish, find something safe to watch. Mm. Don't watch me. Mm. I don't need niggas with when I'm in my bag. I don't need niggas with Hazel eyes looking at me at all, nigga. You know what I mean? If you are a Knick fan, 25 and under, you've never seen anything like this. If you a Knick fan from back in the day, a little older, then this was a long time in the Macon. Took care of the Pistons. Hopefully Jared Jack is having fun with his tilapia.

(1h 36m 19s):
I hope he's doing something a little better in tilapia. I hope. I hope he's finding something constructive to do with his time. Him. Cade Cunningham. Sure. Glad I don't have to hear that name again. Cade Cunningham. What Jared said Beef stew ta beef stew. Cute nickname. We do hope that Jason Tatum is recovering. We do. That's our man. This is But as far as the rest of them niggas. Pack it up. Pack him up. Pack him up. Gone. Shout to the wild white boy Nick fans that was climbing the billboards facts. I was there climbing the building. I saw you slip. Any of y'all ever want to know why Joe Button leaves early? Just look at Nick fans outside of Madison Square Garden.

(1h 36m 60s):
Niggas was outside. He The nigga beat the defending champions. Got 'em out. We didn't beat, we didn't beat a Nuggets team that just fired their head coach three games before the season started. We didn't, we didn't do that. Nah, we didn't take advantage of a Cavalier team. That wasn't full strength. We didn't do that. Nope. Just took care of the defending champions when nobody said it could be done back. Him all. All the experts had the Celtics winning. Turns out they were wrong. I like to wait till the game is over to get my bag. I'm not like Mark, mark, come in and do all of this hoot, nanny, all of this yelling when it's still one game to be played.

(1h 37m 41s):
And what do you know? That was the biggest and best Nick victory probably in a lot of our lifetimes. Smacked them by 40 to close out. I downloaded the app on my phone to watch the game from the bar. Why not? But that happened. Why not? After the second Quarter, I was like, I actually don't have to watch this at all. Didn't matter. We was up 38 still. I ain't want to see no four. Nothing run from the Celtics. I ain't wanna See that anytime. The niggas shot a little three in the free throw the Knick fan. And I said, coming back, knick fans ain't had a lot of good times in the last 30 years. We got Patrick Ewing blown layups. We got Reggie Miller scoring nine points in eight seconds.

(1h 38m 22s):
We got Charles Smith missing every fucking layup he could under the rim. Yep. We got John Starks going two for 19 with a healthy Hubbert Davis and Ronaldo black men on the fucking bench. Like what are we talking about here? If you in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, if you anywhere to get hot 97, Hey some parts of Philly, then we should be rejoiced right now. It's a good time to be in New York. Facts. I want to shout out Jalen Brunson, the best player left in the playoffs. I said it. I said, I said what? I said YI said, said in the playoffs, maybe not the best player.

(1h 39m 3s):
The player SJ out. No bullshit. Jalen Brunson has been and is the best player remaining in the playoffs. You think he better at SGA in the playoffs? I, I'm saying what I'm trying to say in the playoffs Yes. Is and has been. Is and has been. Hopefully we get to see him. Hopefully they make it. I have the wolves beating them. I know. I'm the only one here that has them. He too. I like the wolves in this. Do you? Yeah, I do. I like the wolves, but I, It is just, I wanna see it, man. Go. I wanna see him win one. I got the wolves I got if the, if the thunder bee, the wolves, it'll be in seven. I just like how the wolves match up with them. I love what Julius Randall is doing. I love, I love that. All remaining teams in the conference finals having won one.

(1h 39m 44s):
Have a Nick on their team that helped them get there. Julius Randall Obie topping on the Pacers. Ah huh. Different Divan. Denzel over there. Over there. Hartenstein. Hartenstein on the thunder. I Love it. Former Knicks have helped these teams get to where they need to go. Fucking nightmare. And I'm so glad that we will never see this iteration of the Celtics ever again. Ever again. We took care of the Celtics for y'all for this, this playoff and most the next season. And some people got the nerve to breathe New York Air and have attitude with that.

(1h 40m 28s):
Mm Oh, I do. Go Pacers. They gonna go, I'm rooting for the pacer. They gonna go fishing. They gonna go they next and he not having a better pace. They next. Then I'm rooting for the Pacers Fed Tipton six. Tim is sitting with Adam Silver right now showing him a map of Indianapolis and a map of New York City. Y'all heard Eric Adams man. Hey, some of them cities, I mean Kansas or whatever. New York just got a different, eh, the NBA want New York. The one eh. Exactly. For sure fixes it. I mean if they, if we saying that then what happened in the last 30 years?

(1h 41m 9s):
No. Mean we ain't just for this year. The West only now. Yeah. The West is only presenting a small market team. You only get the Indiana, Oklahoma will be a nightmare for the, for the league. Yeah. For the NBA. Yes. Minnesota Indiana's horrible for the league. New York Knicks, Ben Stiller you on the second row, but all them niggas in the front row, you get close to the finals, your seats move back. 'cause watch your fucking mouth nigga. Watch Miles. Well y'all was in the first row for non playoff team, right? Yeah. Watch y Miles on them. Y'all was in the first row of a draft lottery team. I think those tickets are real cheap. Yeah. 60 $60. Nigga had a 50 53, 53 0.99.

(1h 41m 50s):
You get them tickets on GrubHub. What? Fuck are you talking about? The lottery teams? No, we got the highest tickets. That shit is crank. You gotta go to crazy right now. That shit is, I'm going game one, please. Oh, thank God. When are you off? I'm going tomorrow tonight. Tonight, tonight. There you go Joe. Oh, perfect. Game mornings tonight. I'll be in the building. That'll be fine. I'll come my man. Lloyd Pierce is the head assistant in the, on the Pacers. He'll, they'll breathe Easy though. You gonna be there. Yeah, right. I I text JJ too. James Johnson, have you won? Have you been to a win a win this playoffs? Excuse me? Have I been to a win this playoffs? I don't remember now. I don't remember. It is a no.

(1h 42m 30s):
Well, my memory's bad. I don't know. Corey's saying no. I'm I'm, I'm going back. You you lost it against Detroit and you didn't see any wins against Boston 'cause you gave away the last seats. Right. So gave to my dad, my dad, his wife. You I seen Jackie. We they got all the TV time in that motherfucker. All I seen file, I seen Jackie right next to it. I couldn't have been more excited for them. Right. To be seated behind Bad Bunny. I know that. My dad's wife absolutely loves Bad Bunny. So Yeah. That was amazing. I throw the Parks. You got something. You got something Again, Joe. Button seats ain't bad man. Bad. No, I saw Pops there. Joe Button C Bad Joe Button seen out there. You know what I mean?

(1h 43m 9s):
Yeah. Man. Go. Knicks, go K Ns Go Knicks. Go K Ns go Knicks. That's it, man. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna do too much right now. Where were you when you watched the game? You was home? Yeah, I was home. You went crazy. I was home. You already knew it was at You, right? Yeah. Yeah. I stopped. Nick fans deserved a stress free watch. Right. Like being up 40 every game has been decided by three points. Yeah. Shit. Wasn't Nick Ish. 'cause y'all went, y'all be scratching and clawing for all y'all wins. Like y'all gritty and y'all thug it up. It is. Oh, I take the 90.1. I I kept saying that if you watch the Knicks this year that you know that they can score one 40. Like they can do that. They just have haven't done it. So Good. Good to See that version of them pop up.

(1h 43m 51s):
This Pacers team is deep. Yes. I have a healthy respect for them. And I'm an old school Nick fan, so that means that I'm fully aware of the damage that the Pacers do. The Davis brothers pacer trouble. We Yeah, we've seen the Pacers the last four times. We've made it to the Eastern Conference final. Mm. Dating back to 94, 94 95 I wanna say. So. And even in more recent years that that the Bert Mellow block in 2013. Yeah. In game five last year when we watched every Nick deteriorate against the Pacers and still took him to seven. I absolutely love Rick Carlisle. So this should be a good series Top five. I might go to, I might go to Indiana for one of those games.

(1h 44m 32s):
Oh yeah. That's not bad. Yeah. I might go out there for one of 'em games. Fuck with Teague and Zaire and them niggas. That might be a good idea. And those tickets should be $11. They cheap sell. They should be about, they should be about 28, 50, $14 with, with a free t-shirt. You going out there wearing Nick gear, huh? No, you wouldn't, you wouldn't do that. No, I don't understand fans would do that. I do that. I was in Boston one time. Might have been 2000. And when was, when was the World Series? Oh 2 0 3, somewhere back then. And I had a Yankee hat on. Oh, I didn't know. Me neither. And it wasn't, it wasn't nice. I experienced the same thing. It wasn't fun at all. So I vowed to never do that again.

(1h 45m 12s):
Homeboy, they had that pacer jersey on that ran through the garden. I don I don't, I don't get the thinking. That was crazy. That was crazy. I don't get you, you asking people to play what you with certain Sure. Like you asking sport fans to be logical and healthy and peaceful and that just at their Most Hype. Yeah. I don't See that Trun and, and I thought they took it easy on them. They did. They did. Yeah, they did. They just dumped the trash and hit him with a pizza slice or two. Yeah. That's it. Some bullshit. Go Knicks. Speaking of Indianapolis. Yes. I know Mark was pretty hot about the Caitlin Clark fowl. I was. And apparently I hate women according to my social media platform. Black women in particular, have they ever heard you nigga there is nothing more irrational than people in embroiled in the Kaitlyn Clark Angel re feud debate, whatever It is really The heart of the race war of Yes.

(1h 46m 2s):
The last year And a half dead ass. Like, it, it, it's, it's ridiculous. So the people that don't know that they, it was opening night, opening game, marquee game, WNBA and of course their teams are playing Chicago's playing Indiana. And Caitlin took a foul on Angel Reese earlier in the play. Angel had shoved one of Caitlyn's teammates. I think that's important to add too. Kaitlyn gets Kaitlyn foul search, but she doesn't just foul her. She does push her now. I think Angel put extra sauce on her. Yeah, I thought she put sauce on her. So she hit the what again you supposed to do. That's not a knock on Angel Reese. You supposed to, I mean, you, you embellish it to make sure you get the foul, especially when you're big getting pushed by a little person. And they did that Angel jumped up like she, like, she wanted smoke and she was like, what the fuck is wrong with you?

(1h 46m 46s):
You, you know, you effing crazy. You, you fucking crazy is what she said. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. And so they had this whole exchange and all I said was that Angel Reese overreacted to me. She overreacted to the foul given the context. Okay. And I got, I got so many texts and messages about how I don't stand up for black women that, you know, this is an example of, of why black women can't be protected. But did you stand up for black woman in this instance? I think that's a different question. But I would say, well, whose side were you on Kailyn Clark? I was, We on Kai's side. You know, I didn't say it Kaitlyn's side. I just thought Andre overreacted. Kaitlyn took a bad foul. I thought ca I thought so. You think the black girl overreacted Abso absolutely. Okay.

(1h 47m 26s):
Absolutely. Absolutely. You here out there. We got him. Run your game. Hear that Angela Ryan. But, but to me It is just, to me it's just basketball. Right. To me that's the point is that I was trying to see if I could find some of the sweets, but it was a, I screenshotted it, but it was, it was a, to me it was just a basketball player. Yeah. But it turns into this whole race war thing where It is like, if you choose one person or the other, then it means that you don't either don't stand up for black people or your coon your Uncle Ty. Yes, I saw that. Is these extreme positions too extreme for over a fucking basketball game. And and the truth is, Caitlin Clark does. I mean, they don't like each other and they do foul each other hard. She, she clothesline Caitlin last year.

(1h 48m 6s):
You know what I mean? Caitlyn plays Karen. They act like, I don't know, I just took a fo I mean they both do bullshit, but to me it's just basketball. And I wish it could just be basketball. That's it. What's your response? If you've ever seen Andrew Reese foul? Caitlin Clark, then this should be a non-issue. Angel Reese has attempted to close line and take Kaitlyn Clark's head off. Head off of her shoulders. Yeah. At least 10 times. One, two. I mean, angel Reese is a little, little What? What'd you say? I might be back in the game. Come on. Say it, say it. Say it. I might be back in the game here. I need you talk a little, a little What?

(1h 48m 47s):
A little little more homie. We just trying to say she overreacts. She overreacts to things at times. Like Mark said the Fal is, she just knocked her, knocked Kaitlyn's teammate on the floor and Kaitlyn pointed and said, Hey ref, we're not, we're not looking at that. At that point. She goes to push her. She's defending her teammate. It's a basketball play. I'm always on the side of the black girl. And I don't think that it needs to be a race war. Just I agree. Not when it comes to Kaitlyn. Okay. See? You think, have we accepted this? What are we talking about? Have we accepted him? You'll take Kaitlyn Clark outta all y'all over. Have we accepted it though?

(1h 49m 28s):
Have we accepted it? Everybody's accepted it. Except for Angel Reese accepted what? That Caitlin Clark has a great white hope that, that, that Caitlin Clark is gonna be the reason that everybody here gets paid. Yes. That's it. I I that I can agree with and, and, and it won't. And I don't think it'll be her alone, but for the time being it's large part her. I think Juju will come and have something to say about that. What's the girl one number one this year? Paige. Paige. A Paige. Paige. I like, there's somebody else coming out next year that I like. And this is as a casual, casual fan. Juju? No, outside of Juju.

(1h 50m 8s):
The other girls from, or somebody else coming out. Not Dame from Notre Dame. From not Dame. The two, maybe the two girls from Notre Dame might come out. That's what I'm saying. I don't think the both are tough. So I think that the w the w will be in a great place. Is in a great place and will continue to be in a great place. But injuries just extra. She is extra. Do you feel like how they both handled the off season speaks volumes? Like how Angel Reese was outside podcast? See that's the part I don't like. I feel like, hold on y'all. I feel like the press conference, the press conferences speak volume. They matter volumes. And I won't lie, that's my favorite part of this whole kerfuffle. They panned to Caitlin Clark and the fever, big lice long table that they don't sell at Lowe's.

(1h 50m 51s):
Not one of them little folding tables. Lot of elbow space charcuterie. It was beer. I think I saw a boost. Mobile sign in the bag. It was sponsored. Yo the reporters gave Caitlyn all the time to say what you needed to say. Say, man, It is a basketball player, you're overreacting, yada yada, yada. They was like, all right, cool. And then she got up. 'cause she had, she was busy. She had things to do. They didn't bother her. She went on about her business. Then they pan to whatever team this girl is Chicago. Chicago. Chicago. Man. So stop man, stop. I Don wasn't looking for the team. They paying, they paying the Chicago, Chicago, the headaches.

(1h 51m 31s):
What was they name? Sky. Sky, sky. Chicago, sky. The headaches. They paying to the headaches. Stop. Wait, shout some the sky. The camera was blurry. The camera was fuzzy. And they put Angel Reese in a, in a locker with the step and repeat That room was the size of a bathroom. I was like, yo, y'all have lost this battle. Hey, We shouldn even be talking about nothing that happened on the court. If this how your press conference looked in comparison to this. It looked like it, it was small. Like $17 went into that press conference. Y'all the ones that should be wiping Kaitlyn Clark blood off and making sure she's okay.

(1h 52m 12s):
She had 20, 10 and 10. You motherfuckers that don't even that don't even have a room to hold a press conference in. Y'all the ones that should be shit. Y'all should be fucking maybe tutoring ca kailyn Clark's cousins on how to play the younger cousins. Y'all should be doing something extra. So stop man. I'm dead ass though. This is where the other side of the argument I do understand gets frustrated and because I'm not on either side, I I just try to, you just watch basketball and then anybody's seen Andrew Reese shoot 24 shots. Miss 27 shots. Okay. And just keep jumping up, hitting the head on the ring. Look how to fuck myself up. Try to be funny.

(1h 52m 54s):
So about anybody watching the TV should be wanting to push. Alright, go ahead. This is what I say, angel. I think part of the problem is they want us to be magic Bird, right? Yeah. But It is. But It is. It is magic and a bird. Ow Man, what's wrong with you niggas? Yo, It is magic. You can't say that It is magic versus Bird. Oh shit. Look at this. Where y'all going? Look at the two. Look, I like the game. Like Mark, this was your segment. You to eat a donut. This shit is curry verse bird Jordan verse bird.

(1h 53m 35s):
Come on. Yo. Can y'all come work? Please man, because this is Mark's segment. I ain't even supposed to be talking right now. Shout out to the Chicago Steven Wind, what's they name? Sky. Sky Magic versus dirt. That was crazy. That was, that was completely out of pocket, man. So Mark, they're attacking You right now 'cause you chose a Yeah, but I ain't worried about that part. This is what I'll say. It's supposed to be a rivalry. I think the problem is one, I mean Caitlyn Clark is a much better basketball player than Angel Reese. Yeah. They're not on the same tier. It's not Magic Bird, it's just not. Do you? Okay. I mean just in terms of skill sets.

(1h 54m 16s):
Caitlyn is, Caitlyn is is at worst the second best player on her team and probably will be for the next 10 years. You know, along way, you know it's Caitlyn and Aaliyah and Aliyah Boston, you know, and those two are, I mean, that's a hell of a one two punch and they just, and they build a whole team around them. So it's, It is just two. It is just apples and oranges to me. I think we should be able to allow Angel Reese to be great and let Caitlin Clark be great without it being a rivalry in that way. It's not a rivalry in any way. No, It is not. I know black people don't want you to say that. It's not a rivalry. Do you think Caitlyn gets frustrated by they making comparisons? I don't think Caitlin does. Caitlin is frustrated. She has to share a court with stop.

(1h 54m 57s):
It is, It is a rivalry. It is a rivalry. It's a rivals since college and way Draymond Green might, what's the rivals not, wait, what's the rivalry? Come on. Freeze. Them two have been going at each other. It was a college rival. It is gonna freeze. It was a legit college rival. It is a legitimate college rivalry. And once they got to the league, that rivalry stopped. It would be like saying Draymond and I mean it's not perfect example, but saying Draymond LeBron have rivalry. They do Right what he did. Right When they, when, when Cleveland was playing Golden State. But they're not. I'm saying, I get it. Angel's not the top of the food chain on a championship team. I don't believe in the WNB I don't See that happening. I think she still have more work to do. Is there room for to get better, mark? I think hell yeah. I think she's a very good basketball player. She has a hell of a motor check out pocket. She has a great motor. She has a great, she has a great motor motor.

(1h 55m 38s):
You talking about mouth? No, no, no. Great, great great energy, great spirit. She plays hard. She's, she's a freakishly Good. Rebound up. Hey, hey Pan it PanAm clean up. No, she she's a freakishly good rebounder got good touch. She she does not have what touch I'm talking about rebounding touch, not scoring touch near the basket. That's her weakness. But you just saying the shit in the same category, but try to separate it to make it seem like Well, no, what I'm saying is it's not just that she gets 17 rebounds. It is because although she's I think 17 the other night. Got it. It is that she's probably the best rebounder WNBA has ever seen. Okay. Got it. Okay. Even when you, even when you account for her misses, she still has high. Now we going crazy. My boy bad that boy this is a fact now going, do you watch it as much as he does? I don I don know how much he watches. I watch WA lot actually. But, but what I'm saying is even when you account for her misses, her offensive rebounds were still high the highest.

(1h 56m 19s):
And league even when you take out the ones that that, that were the Moses Malone offensive rebounds when she misses her own. That's all I was about to say. Got it. Okay. But the thing I don't like that I do agree with a lot of Angel Reese supporters in the off season is how they represent them. They'll take a white player and make, and they do this in the NBA too. This is what I'm saying. Come on. And they're like, angel Reese is outside and while Caitlin Clark is in the gym, and that's just not true. Angel Reese was also in the gym. Now I I agree. She did podcast. She did a whole bunch of other shit. She's also like 24. Right. They decided to show Angel Reese is young too. I'm saying, I mean, Caitlin Clark is young as well. Yeah. I don't know if Caitlin Clark was outside. She might have been the rodeo for how don't, how don't you know be, because two reasons. One, how they present themselves, which I think is an important point that's important.

(1h 56m 59s):
But also how the media represent. I'll give you a perfect example. When, back when the Knicks had another period where y'all had hope and y'all thought y'all gonna be good was when Jeremy Lin was here. Yes. Remember? No, I mean I didn't. But remember that week of Lin Sanity? It was longer than a week. It was longer than a week. Let, I'm with you. I ain't fucking with Yeah. But, but, but when, when he first had that run, I watched The P n commentators talk about Jeremy Lynn at halftime. He goes into the locker room and watches the footage to see what he did wrong in the first half. He looks at as if Carmelo was in the corner shooting dice while he was doing that shit. Right. The whole team was doing that shit. But they made Dan Mc, Jeremy, the, the Harvard grad, the, the, the intellectual person.

(1h 57m 40s):
And sometimes they frame it that way at the expense of the other players. Caitlyn is great, but you're making excuses for Angel Reese. 'cause Angel Reese was out here doing the stuff that they accused of doing. She was on podcasts. She was in videos, but they were saying she wasn't in the gym. And I'm saying she was in the gym. She also had a broken wrist. So the, okay. So that's why she wasn't in the gym. That's why she wasn't doing drill shooting jumpers. But she was in the gym working out every day. You I don't think you think I know for a fact she was and It is. And later almost like her team had to like show, look, I'm in the gym too. Oh, okay. All I'm saying, I didn know that once a narrative is about you, it's hard to break. It is all I'm saying. Mark, don't come here and try to gain back the favor. You lost. I don't need to gain nothing back. Back. Oh yeah. You're trying to gain back. Both things can be true. Angel does get represented unfairly. But let doesn't mean she can't, we can't criticize her. We should be able to do both.

(1h 58m 21s):
Yes. Let's just not do it in the same sentence as anything. CC And that goes for Caitlin Clark. CNC Music Factory CNC CC sda. Cece Sabathia Chanel Chanel cha. Yes. No, sorry. Yeah, no, I agree. I don't think they're peers basketball wise. I just, I mean, I don't think they're not in the same tier. They're not in the same tier. They're Yeah. But there are people who are on her tier that sometimes get ignored 'cause of Kaitlyn, the Aja Wilson's the world for example. You know what I mean? Who actually is the, the, to me, the best player, the, the dominant player in the league right now? Yes. Okay. You know what I mean? Wait, who's who? Asia. Asia. Wilson. Aja Wilson. Okay. Yeah. So you think Asia gets ignored in some of the conversations?

(1h 59m 4s):
Yes or yes in some of the conversations? Yes. I'm glad she started outside commercials and branding and things like that. Outside of W-N-B-A-P purists, like a person who don't really watch the WNBA, might not have never heard of Aja Wilson. Right. But we've heard of Caitlin Clark, we've heard of Angel Reese. We've heard of some of these other names who are not as good as her. Right. What saying? And that's all I'm saying. Yeah. So yes, she does get it. Good. I I just want, when we, I, the whole idea that Caitlin Clark is bringing all this money to the WNBA is a hundred percent true. Okay. We can't ignore that. But I don't want, but it only happens because of the labor of all these other people who helped build this thing up for the last 15, 20 years. And I think we got, we, we got a whole space for both of those things. 'cause one Caitlin Clark doesn't make the WNBA either. You know what I mean? It, it, it works because there's a, a great talented league that she happens to be a, a great star on.

(1h 59m 47s):
What is that crazy? No, I disagree. I I don't think people watch the WNBA and put all that money into it just 'cause Caitlin Clark is there. I think that's why they're doing it. It's to say there's a lot of people watching now and putting more money into it because of her. No, what I'm saying is it's, that's actually happening though. That's a fact. But there's a lot of talent in the league. All I'm saying is she's shining above a great amount of talent. And I just don't wanna pretend that she's the only talented person in the league. But you know, like, that's all I'm saying. You know, like, like the, what is it, Indiana Fever. True. They had to move their games to a, a bigger, she's a rock star. She's the biggest FN NBA has ever seen. I'm not denying that. I'm saying we should acknowledge this. She pulled, she's bringing the money. She, she also pulled up to Duke wherever the Duke men's team was at.

(2h 0m 30s):
She, she, yo high screen ca high pulling up to Nigga Jims saying, yo, where, where are the niggas that ain't playing? It's like in during spades when we locked in. The four niggas is playing over there trying to get a game. Caly just pulling up to places and pulling that shit bow. Yeah, she's a, she's a baller. She's great. But and It is. And this is where the Larry bi Magic Johnson thing would be apt. There's this, there was a narrative for one moment that Larry Bird back in. I'm talking about like the late seventies, early eighties when Larry Bird was the hard worker. He was always in the gym. Magic Johnson was also in the gym doing shit. He also was obviously doing other stuff, but no he wasn't on alright. Nope. Justin wasn't in the gym. He was doing stuff besides said he wasn't just in the gym. I'm about to say, you know, you know y motherfuckers not taking in trouble.

(2h 1m 16s):
You gonna get some in trouble. Take me down. Shout out to the brother Magic Johnson. Great brother. Listen man, my point is you left the gym a lot Early. Early nigga. Early, early Sharon. Oh yo. Anyway, one 20 suicide. The other pieces that I wanted y'all opinion on, and this might get controversial, I don't know, is the aftermath with Ryan Clark and RG three because now this is juicy because Ryan Clark, oh no. It starts with RG three, analyzing the whole situation. We just described, particularly the basketball part of it and deciding that Angel Reese hates Kaitlyn Clark.

(2h 1m 57s):
That was his analysis. Yeah. He said Angel Reese hates Caitlin Clark. And he said, I got five or six examples of this. You can see from the file, you can see the way she responded. That it's that per it's personal, she hates him. Blah, blah blah blah blah. That was the RG three analysis. Ryan Clark, his colleague at ESPN, responds and basically says RG three, I'm paraphrasing, but RG three is full of shit. He's wrong. And the reason he doesn't understand what happened and the reason he has this analysis is because he goes home to a white woman or he doesn't go home to a black woman. And so he doesn't understand black women, how they think their emotions, et cetera. That's the gist of Brian Clark's analysis, which was a valid point. So whack, which was a Go ahead.

(2h 2m 39s):
You said freeze. You said it was whack. I was whack and dismissive. You don't know that. Just because he goes on, he got white sisters. He could have, I mean, excuse me, he got black sisters. Yeah. He could have all these other women that are black in his life and still get and understand what they going through. I don't like how you just go right off and dismiss somebody's shit just because of who they go home to. I think you can, I think that's asked, I think you could look at people and tell I think those, if we having an honest talk, you could look at somebody and tell, I think you could look at somebody and tell It is going to a white girl. Don't nobody look at Well, I don't look at him and, and think a lot of them do. That's what's the point. I think more, I think we're fairly, he said he works with Him. They don't Know. He said he works with the last conversations. I don but I think this though, hold on, hold on. 'cause I just want to give ice. 'cause even if, even if ice is right, right.

(2h 3m 21s):
RC went on to say that while they worked together, he has overheard Ryan Clark, I mean not Ryan Clark or RG three saying shit like whether he was joking or not. Boy, I love milk. I love this milk making a whole lot of, I love milk. He's gonna Post that on Twitter For, we've seen him Twitter behave in that way for a while. So, I mean, I think when somebody behave like that, but I think, I think lemme do this real quick. Let me read what he actually said so we all on the same page. So, so when we can be honest about what he said, when RG three jumps onto the hate train or the angry train, it now follows what we saw from Keith Oldman and David Portnoy as they, David Portnoy, as they poured onto Angel Reese to make her a villain.

(2h 4m 2s):
And Caitlin Clark heroic, the one thing we know about RG three is he's not having conversations at his home about what black women have to endure in this country. About what young black women and athletes like Angel Reese have had to deal with being on the opposite side of Kaitlyn Clark's rise and ascension into stardom. If you're RG three, when was the last time within your household, you've had a conversation about what Angel Reese is dealing with. You haven't been able to do that because in both of your marriages, you've been married to white women. And then he goes on and on and on. And then this is the part that you just said, when I worked with RG three, he would make all of these sort of corny jokes about milk and how much he loved it and how important it was. And he always points out on social media the color of his wife's skin as that the color of her skin is what makes her special as that the color of her skin is what makes her a good wife.

(2h 4m 44s):
I've met the lady, I've had a conversation with her. I think she's more than that. But it also leads to what black women deal with a lot from black men who have chose to date or marry outside of their race. So I'm just saying, I I just think that context is important. Very important. Very important. I got it. I do get that. Does that change how you, how you, how you feel about what Ryan Clark said? Yeah. Now I have Yes. Yes. 'cause the way you said it first I'm like that don't necessarily need ands why I'm, I wasn't exactly saying it Right. That's why I wanted to read it first. But he went in 'cause he know he worked with him and gave some extra backstory. No, he's been for a long time actually RG three tweets. RG three has been, he's been, he's been saying some wild shit. He take that that for a long time approach to a lot of that shit. A lot. Yeah.

(2h 5m 24s):
I, if you go home to a white woman, you go home to a white woman. But RG three is doing something else. According to Ryan, I don't know rrg three, but according to Ryan Clarke, he's doing something else. He seems like this, it's almost like he wants to be with her because she's white or he's obsessed with whiteness. Remember Hubert Davis? He fe So whiteness it sounds like he was like, I'm proud that my wife is white, which is different than I love my wife and she ha just happens to be to white White. Right. I'm proud that she's white. It is a different thing. I agree. And, and, and I think they caught my man Hubert Davis lacking on that one. Yeah. And I don't think he meant it the way he said it. I don't think he did either. But he said it and I definitely went in at the time. But you know, I, I can, if he said, look, I didn't mean it that way. I'd, I'd, I'd accept it. Why you ain't give him grace? He don't give grace. I give grace all the time. But I don't, but seriously, I don't know.

(2h 6m 5s):
I don't know. Davis, I'm certain he was nervous. His alma mater, fucking Dean Smith was there. Fab a long, like he, I mean Roy Wings, whoever he took the fucking job from Roy. But I'm saying, you know, that he is nervous sitting there give, having to give that speech. He shouldn't have said it. I don't rival with what he said, but I know that he was nervous. Thank you. That's fair. That's fair. But just to not lose sight of this, my question would be still, even if that's true, even if RG three is obsessed with whiteness and his white wife and all of that, does that still mean that he doesn't have the ability to understand Angel Reese or black women?

(2h 6m 46s):
He's had a black mom. He probably has black siblings, maybe black sisters. I don't know. He's certainly been around black women. I mean, even if all that's true, it seems like the wife part might become almost like a, a easy, I don't call it cheap shot, but he could say he's not tuned into black women's experiences without doing the home thing. Because I think the home thing becomes a distraction to you. I think anytime you involve people's wife and kids, you're running the risk of looking away. And Ryan Clark is amazing by the way. Yeah. And I love Ryan Clark and I, I, I like the sentiment in a lot of things he said. But I think that some of the, some of the jabs in the family realm where a little, It gets a little muddy, you lose some of the audience unnecessarily.

(2h 7m 26s):
Yeah. Yeah. That wasn't necessarily, he could have just even though I think he's right. I don I think he's right about RG three based on what I've seen from RG three. True. Not because of who his wife is. I'm saying RG three does a lot of cornball shit. RG three does a lot of shit where he seems obsessed with whiteness and white people and showing the world how connected to white people he is. And that makes me think he might not be empathetic to black women if you were married to a black woman. I would say that based on what I've seen from that's, I was gonna say like I just think that who he is and how he's been representing himself over the last decade and a half, he just seemed like a corny dude that'll say some funny shit. Or he might think like that. 'cause a couple things we, it's a lot of black people fam that feel like I'm better than that.

(2h 8m 9s):
It's a lot of black people that look at her like a ghetto girl who, angel. Angel that are critiquing her and dissing her too. You get what I'm saying? So I think I'm telling you, he he he's right. You're wrong Joe. He's right. It's a lot of black women dissing her. So what I'm saying is I think that RG three just came in on some goofy shit. You know what I'm saying? I think even if he was married to a black woman, his type of black woman still might be a black woman that we might look at like eh, I just think he's the one of the black niggas that sit on the other side of the gate. I wanna reply to that couch saying that I'm not arguing that people, that black women are not dissing angel roots. Okay. Okay. I don't think that, I haven't heard or seen highlighted a dis from a black person that's in the same realm as the DA Dave Portnoy comments.

(2h 8m 55s):
I didn't hear it, Dave over said No, no, no. I'm not saying it the same degrees he went. Absolutely. What I'm saying is that there are black people that sit on the other side of that gate and feel like, yo dog, look at these Donald Trump supporting heavy, heavy, heavy supporting black people that come out and say a whole bunch of dumb ass shit in support of Trump. You could be a black Republican and not say some of that shit that they be saying. So. So I think that at RG three he just a, I guess like a goofy nigga that be just saying bullshit for fan. We got friends that be like, yo, if it ain't snowing, I ain't going. That's a fact. We have them that come up here to be like, yo, if it ain't snowing, I ain't going. If it ain't white, it ain't right. It ain't right. They say that shit up here, Joe don't have, I don't have friends that say that to me.

(2h 9m 38s):
Yes you do. Yes you do. Yes you do. No, there's one person that says that. Alright, that's not friends. That paints a very different picture. One nigga that say that shit. I'm just saying. But what I'm saying is, I, I'm I'm just saying that and we can get into how some of them Dominicans feel. True. I, I'm not disagreeing. When Dominicans get into they bag, I try to let them, A lot of goofy blacks feel like that too. Especially once they've ascended to a certain level, they feel like everybody under out over there is over there. So I just think he a goofy nigga, regardless of his chick was white or black or purple. I think he's just a corny, goofy nigga. Nah, I can't even give him that because I think part of his chick, part of him being that way is because his chick is white.

(2h 10m 19s):
That's why he went after her. That's why he went after the one before her. He only wants that because he feels in some way that that's better. He a corny goofy nigga. Yeah, but it ain't, it ain't no. If his girl was that's separate from It's not. No. If his girl was black, he wouldn't even go to black because he looks at it as beneath. Oh, good point. I see what you're saying. That's a good point. Yeah, that's a good point. I agree. That's a good point. Yeah. And it becomes problematic when those are the vo those are the black voices picked to chime in to represent black Match. Well see that's a whole nother conversation. 'cause that's, that's why they picking them voices. But we also have to step that That's true too. I nobody ask that nigga to say anything That's true. No, but even when they do, they know they go to certain folk that's who know they gonna play and say he can handle football stuff.

(2h 11m 3s):
I think a lot of people they, they could leave football stuff. I think, I'm not talking about this guy, but I think a lot of people dismiss others because of they their who they choose to be with or their partner. And I think that we have to stop that somebody. Huh? No, I don't like that. Yeah. Just because somebody has a white girlfriend, that doesn't mean you, you don't stand with black or black power or you're not aware of what's going on in our community. You come from that. We come from that. You know what I mean? And I think that a lot of times people use that to weigh the scale on who to take serious or who can speak on something. I think that's whack. You can't tell people how to judge people though. But I just think it's whack though. It may be whack. You can't tell people how judging, but I think I judge them people. I stand, my wife is, my wife is Indian.

(2h 11m 43s):
Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Listen, wait, hold on. Everywhere in America, they're judging you based on your significant other as well. They judge based off everything that's not just if you have, they shouldn't though. Those who judge you flip me. My wife is, my wife is an Indian woman. Right. But I'm not that you can't, I come from where I come from. I understand it. I, I just fell in love with who I fell in love with. If you judge me on that, you're an idiot. 'cause I'm outside, I'm in the trenches and I get back to the communities and I understand the struggle. Not and, and me. I do why I say Mm. For I I was saying to something you said right before that today who you fall. I was one. Say you don't think you but you don't think you can fall in love, who you fall in love with.

(2h 12m 23s):
I think you can, but sometimes that's an excuse. Like rg I'll give you an example. RG three is probably saying, I I just happened to fall up white. But but we're not talking about I'm not talking about you. I'm not criticizing you. No. Let's talk about No, because I don't wanna talk about RG three. We already described, let's talk about, came about. I'm just saying in general terms. Okay. I think people say that and sometimes it's true and sometimes that becomes the excuse or it becomes a way of convincing yourself that you don't have certain like deep seated like commitment. Hold on. That's all I'm saying. Can I ask you a question? And, and I don't, it It is your wife black and Spanish or she fully Spanish? She, she's, she's a black Puerto Rican. A black Puerto Rican. Cool. When I, when I watch you, you aren't you teaching your son to speak Spanish?

(2h 13m 3s):
Isn't that your thing? Yeah. That don't take away from what your contributions or how you feel about black women or, but she is a black woman. Yeah. Okay. I see what you're saying. Yeah, I got it. I got it. Okay. So that's, that's not a good example. But what I'm saying is that there's some people out there, but let's say, let's say she were white. Yeah. But she's not, it wouldn't be for me. But, but let's say she, let's say she were, I don't think it's unreasonable for somebody to say that that shapes how they see me. Right. But my point is even bigger than that is I'm just saying if what if I, if every woman I dated was white Okay, I see. And everybody And I said I just keep falling love. I just keep falling. Love it. It is like if a woman, if a woman say I just happen to keep meeting the NFL players, right?

(2h 13m 46s):
Yeah. We don't be letting that. Right. Right. That's what I'm saying. Like at some point It is you you gotta type but this Yeah. But your type shouldn't take away how you feel about your people. Yeah. I disagree with that. Really. I disagree with that. Lemme ask you question, but now you wrote when you you be a hypo, I'm a hypocrite. But that, I don't like when you do that though. Because when you do that, everybody dismissive. If we can't have, we can't have the discussion. Well we can still have the discussion because you should listen. I fall on the side of you're being judged by your partner. That that's my blanket statement. Yeah. You can be judged, but it doesn't, no matter who your partner is, you shouldn't take away your contribution or what you do or what you believe in It should that shouldn't. That's what I'm saying. Depends what your contribution is. Yeah. I disagree. Okay. Okay. Discuss it.

(2h 14m 27s):
If I'm, what's what's disappointment ifm no, it probably doesn't shape my contribution. Right. But if, if I'm fighting for racial justice and I have a white wife and I'm fighting for racial justice and she's out there with me at day and I'm not just saying, oh, white wife. That's why I made a point of saying like a pattern. If, if, if my whole social circles white, if all my partners are white and that's different. That's different. I got You. Right. And that's what I'm saying, like at some point, like your choices matter and they're not just random. Yeah. They're informed by something. That's all I'm saying. I agree with you. Even, even if, and the question to both of you, even if your white wife or whomever is out there with you in the struggle is out there, like while you fighting for social justice is with you along the way, does that still take away from your contribution?

(2h 15m 7s):
For me, we Right. We don't even have to keep saying wife. My experience in this is with the opposite. Yeah. Of of black women being in black spaces, kicking black extra blackety black shit. Yes. With white husbands that you couldn't mention on air that they couldn't be seen with. They Couldn, they couldn't pop up. It was like a covert thing. I've seen that multiple times. Times. But why you think that is? Because we ju because nigga, because because you would take, first of all, it's hard to be a woman in the field and on top of that you would discredit her her contributions because she has a white husband. So they have to hide it. You wouldn't, not only, they're not taking them serious initially, but you would even give her a more excuse than not to take her serious.

(2h 15m 50s):
You got a white husband, you can't talk that shit. But it should not take away from her contribution to what she feeling about the struggle or help me wrong. I think you's articulating itself perfectly. I just disagree. It will and it does. I agree with people. It will and it does. It shouldn't what the truth is. It does. Okay. I think it should. I think that's what I It should, should I I disagree. I think it should. Why? Why do I disagree? You are ice. I don't care anybody. I disagree because who are we to set the standard on what is important to somebody else? Again, I think if we start talking about pro-black issues, right, because that's what we talking about. So I'm gonna stay here.

(2h 16m 30s):
Somebody could have be black with a black wife and black children and don't do shit for outside black people. They don't do a fucking thing. They selfish. They don't do nothing for nobody else. And then you could have somebody, a man and his white wife that spend ti tons of time. We not even gonna get into money. We gonna talk about time. 'cause time is more important. It's niggas that got they feet on the ground helping people, helping other people progress in our neighborhoods that those same black people with a black wife and black, black kids don't do a fucking thing for. So when you look at that and you look at the actual acts and you look at the actual time being given, who is giving more to the black community in that particular instance? See, I, I don't think that's in direct response to what, right.

(2h 17m 13s):
I'm saying it's not How? Because because, oh, go ahead. You can go. So, because I don't think no one is saying that the only people that should be judged is the black person who's dating a white women. So the black person who's married to a black person doesn't do shit. They should be judged too on that, on that act. Exactly. So so what? No, hear me out. Hear me out. I'm not calling that person pro black. I'm not, I'm not saying that they are. I'm saying, I'm saying lemme finish. There are people that act like they are. Yeah. And you not pro-black just because you got a black family and the people that Yeah. Might be a mixed family that are doing mad shit and doing mad, giving mad contributions. You can't say that they're not Right. So my argument isn't that first, my argument isn't that everybody who's in an all black family is pro-black pro.

(2h 17m 54s):
I'm not saying that's not what I said. I know, I know. You didn't say that. I'm responding to what you said. Just hear me out fully. So I'm saying that in the same way that I make a judgment against that per the person who's black, who chooses a white partner or white partners. I'm also making a judgment, a worse judgment to the black person who's with a black person that's not doing shit, that doesn't do shit. I, they get the worst judgment from me. You're not addressing what I'm talking about. Address the family. What, what I, you'll see how I connects with you. Lemme finish. I promise. So that's the first thing. The second thing is the black person with the white person that is doing a lot, they also get a judgment from me. A positive judgment. I think that they're doing extraordinary work. And I would call them pro-black. I'm just saying that it's a demerit for me. You know, not that it, it doesn't, I I'm not throwing away the black person with a white, with a white partner.

(2h 18m 37s):
And I'm not embracing the black person with a black person doesn't do shit. I'm saying though, It is a factor. Ice often talks about like the Madden scores. I'm just saying that that bar that on on that. The slider. The slider, that, that just goes down on the slider for me. That's why. So you don't believe that you can just meet somebody and fall in love with them no matter what race they are? Yeah, I think you can, even if you were pro black, you, you pro black, you just meet a lady and you fall in love with her. That ha that you, you had black girlfriends your whole life or a black ex-wife. No. And you met somebody and you fell in love with them. You don't feel like, I believe that that could happen. I believe that some of these people, they wouldn't allow themselves to fall in love with a white person. I believe that some of these people, no matter how great the white woman might be, watch guess who's coming watch guess who's coming home for dinner?

(2h 19m 18s):
Sidney Poitier. So I think that, I think that a lot of people, again, no matter how dope the person would be, they would just not do it. Got it. You get what I'm saying? Like they would, they would fight would be me. They would fight it not to do it. Say, and so I, I think that, yeah, I think that that if that's in your bag and you're not open to it, you're just not open to it. Everybody, like some people have ice, ice has a preference of some, I'm not just saying go ahead. I ain't say nothing. Ice got a preference of eight women. Yeah. Right. So ice could part potentially meet a woman that is bigger. Ice wouldn't allow himself to go down that road. Even if you, Liz, he wouldn even know that this woman is just an amazing super duper duper dope ass person.

(2h 20m 1s):
Ice is not gonna open himself up. That's fair. That's fair. Okay. So that's what I'm saying. I think that's not shit no ice. That's just I know ice. So I know his preferences. Yeah. I think that some people won't allow themselves Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That's crazy to say. I know we'd be immature. Why is it crazy? Joe, go ahead. Can't be immature right now. Can't do that. That's a wild I know ice. I know what the preference is. Yeah, I heard it too. I was trying to locked, that's why I say locked in. I ignore him. I'm sorry. I'm, I ain't what's wrong with You? Right? He prefers petite. No pet. No, it just sound That's cool. Y y'all, I just think, I just think like paid. I just think that like, give you an example.

(2h 20m 42s):
Like Jane Fonda. Okay, I'm listening, you know Yeah. Where I'm going, right? Yeah. So Jane Fonda was a huge, huge, huge financial supporter of the Black Panther Party. Huge. A lot of people don't know that. Huge financial supporter of the Black Panther party. So this, and this is in the 60 seventies where that shit was like blasphemy at that point in time. So do you now say Jane Fonda wasn't pro-black again? You get what I'm saying? Like, I'm just giving examples. He said a just matter slider down a little bit. Be a 99. Overall you might be a i I just feel like it's still, I'm judging somebody think pro-black means the same thing for white people and black people. Exactly. I don't think that means the same thing at all. Whoopy do. Jane Fonda fucking donated some shit to the Black Panther party.

(2h 21m 24s):
What it means for her to be pro-black and what it means for a black person to be pro black. I don't view the same at all. That's possible. Okay. Again, I think, I think everybody makes that up for themselves. Yeah. What I'm saying is I think that like I, I, I don't, I'm judging people based on who the person is. Like, you know what I'm saying? That that's it. Like, and I think that more of us should do that. I think that sometimes when we don't get judged based on who we are, we find it offensive. Right. Like we find it offensive and become part of the problem. We get super because we, we want, we want, we want change. We want, we do want change and we talk about change and then without changing. Yeah. Without changing it. Oh, oh date. And I'm not saying dating outside your race, but I just said we want change you. That sounded racist to me. What we want change without changing.

(2h 22m 6s):
Something sounds off about that. To me that's not No, it's not. I'm just telling you how it sounds to me. You become part of the problem if you, what's the word when you exclude people, ostracize, what's the word I'm looking for? Ostracize. But I, I don't want to ostracize people. I just don't want to, I I think that part of black liberation has to come with building black community and black families. I agree with. Okay. I agree with that. Hundred percent. And I think that that's very difficult to do if we're not even looking at our, our looking for partners inside of our community. And it's not just women. I mean, I hear black gay men talk about this all the time. They said a lot of the other black gay men, particularly when I talk like academics. Yeah. They said a lot of the black gay men who they would want to date are dating white men. Latino, you know, white Latinos not black.

(2h 22m 47s):
Like they're looking outside. So it's not just even a gender thing. It's that part of white supremacy is teaching us that we're not good enough, good enough. And so our success is to go outside. And so I'm s and so that's my skepticism of people. Again, I know people who have bogey, you know, they got, they got, I don't frame it like that, but where there's bogey, where there's one person, you know, there's one exception to the rule. I get that. Yeah. But I'm, I find that sometimes when you look, I mean, I, there are some prominent black intellectuals, no black people, the only people running around even to have the freedom to do this shit that we talking about them other people. It's having different conversations in their households and it ain't even, they decisions up to the parent. So don't you bring no nigga in here. True. Don't you bring no person that's not Chinese, Asian, white Jewish. They just getting, they just strict with it.

(2h 23m 28s):
We out here trying to be oh, Oh yeah, the fuck out Rainbow Coalition. Yeah. Get that shit the fuck outta here. You need to buy the bottom of the ladder. They don't let none of that shit happen. I disagree. They'll have a meeting every month. They'll go pick. So, so, so who, who, the black people dating, who the Asian people dating. Like if you're saying that the black people, other, other ethnicities aren't allowing it, how are white people dating so many people outside their race and Asian women? Asian women are black men are the two biggest demographics that are dating outside their race. And here's why. Because, and I, you make a great point, but part of it's that when Asian women date white men, they're perceived as marrying up so that they, they, they said don't bring. Oh, they talking about the blacks too? Yeah, but but not nearly the same rate. The families, I don know the, I don't know the percentages. I'm just telling you though, those two things are factual.

(2h 24m 10s):
And it's also, which Asians, you know, like Cambodians are dating among, or dating black men far more than like Koreans and Japanese Filipinos. But the idea basically is we wanna preserve our race or uplift our race. We're gonna preserve our race by being with our people. We're gonna uplift our race by getting white men. You know what I mean? Where, and, and I think that's part of the equation. And that's why that one friend that y'all mentioned talks like that. I don't know what you mean. One friend, the one friend that y'all said, if it ain't white, whatever ain't, that's why they talk like that, I think. I think. But I think that's more than just, I think No, no, that that's a yes. I'm agreeing with you. Look, I'm, I'm thinking about it. I'm agreeing with that. What I'm saying is it's this misconception that if you did outside your race, you are viewing your race as less than, that's a misconception.

(2h 24m 57s):
Because I don't think white people are better than black people at all. And my girlfriend is white and I remo, I don't think white people, I mean if you look at it on it in its entirety, can hold a candle to black people. So I don't feel that way. I don't, It is nothing insecure about me. I'm 49 years old. I've dated black women my whole entire life. I don't look at white women like they're better than black women. That's a misconception. And I also think that's a dismissive view of how we take something and just drop it in the water. Oh, he must have got self-hate or some other dumb bullshit that people say mommy issues. I don. But, but when you talk like RG three, he, he's a dodo. That's self-hate. Okay. He's saying dodo shit. I hear and he's been saying dodo shit. Like, this is who he is.

(2h 25m 38s):
This is who he's proven to be. You get what I'm saying? Like, so you never heard me say no. If it ain't snowing, I ain't going none of that doofy shit. Antoine if fired, if you ever heard you shit like that. No, I'm just saying you could say that to me. Like burn. So, so lemme, lemme ask y'all another, I wanna just pivot off this and just ask one more question, which is, should this be outta bounds for your colleague at work? Because remember, RG three works with Ryan because, because R RG three basically makes a statement saying, this is outta bounds, your dog, you're not a good teammate. They're saying, you know, now it's a professional thing. I think, I think if RG three kept it in a basketball context of basketball, yeah. I think that he's well within his right to do so.

(2h 26m 20s):
No, I'm talking if takes I know. Listen, so if he did that and then, and then Ryan Clark attacked his personal choices, I think that's unprofessional. Should s ESPN do something about it? Because there's, there's a, I don't think they should. I don't think so either. But there's a conversational line about that. They should intervene. They should suspend him. They should punish him. They should. ES ESPN is running outta black people. No. Why? I think they should suspend him. Why think they should suspend him? You say yes word. I think they should not suspend. I think they should discipline him because when you flip it, let's say he don't get any repercussions. Repercussions. And then when a white person does the same shit, we'll be calling for they head. You get what I'm saying?

(2h 26m 60s):
So I think that you should keep it. Oh, you mean like if somebody said like, oh, of course he understands Ja Morant, he goes home to a black woman or some, or she home to a right. Yo, it's easy for Malika Andrews to understand what they're going through. She grew up in Newark, you know what I'm saying? And then you like, we like what? So we'll be tight at if some of that shit were to, to surface. You get what I'm saying? Rightfully so. So I'm just saying if I'm RG three and he expresses any, any discontent with what, what Ryan said, then I think they gotta step in. But RG three might not give a fuck. But I didn wrote a whole dissertation afterwards. He did. He's he's very upset. He pinned it Gori right above the video of him selling booty enhancements from his, from his, from his wife saying that this, it helps indis discrimination by showing that white women have booties too.

(2h 27m 47s):
I think in man in man code, you flying. But we going to theoretically, I think you're correct. You shouldn't talk about anybody's wife. Ryan's first sentence in his re reply tweet says, your dog, you know what It is with me and you. That's the what the very first sentence says. Anything after that. I understand, but not in a professional forum. I I still understand. I understand too. I still understand. I understand too. But not, did he he said, he said as professionally as you could say it, yo. And all he did was n state facts. He didn't get into how he felt about it. He said, you've been married twice to white woman, white women.

(2h 28m 28s):
This is how you speak about your white wife. I've met her. I think she's more than that. I think that's respectful. If you're talking about somebody he is wife, right? No, he didn't. This is wife. He's like, you're objectifying your wife, not me. Yeah. I I don't think he this dissed his wife at all. You're fetishizing her whiteness. Yeah. That's what you're doing. Yeah. You run around talking how good the milk is and all that other shit is goofy time. Because I don't think RG three ever bag the baddest milk in the, in the club. I mean that's, that's subjective. But what I'm saying, I'm saying his life. I'm not talking his wife right this second. His wife right this second is an attractive woman. He might've, I'm saying the way he speaks about her, he's an international athlete bro. Yeah, but niggas be grading on the curve with coming a lot of times. I'm just talking about him and his, that nigga went to and was him in college.

(2h 29m 13s):
So he had to pick of the litter in some of these high colleges that got 30,000, 40,000. Don't make me go back to the RG three draft and see who was sitting next to him. No, because I'll go look, I'm not, I'm talking about who he might have had in co man them white girls go crazy over black athletes in college. Yeah. But if you, I feel you. You know what I'm saying? I don't know. I don't know him. I don't know his why. I don't know know about him. I'm just saying. Yeah. Anyway, it'll be interesting to see what happens with it. I, I hope, I don't think a suspension's coming. Especially so much of it happened off air. Oh, it happened off air. Yeah. 'cause like some of it's on like their platforms, their, their streams, you know, their on. Oh see that's different. Twitter. That's d So that wasn't, I thought he he did that on the show. No, Ryan did it on Ryan's. Ryan did it on the pivot. On the pivot.

(2h 29m 53s):
Oh. So that's Ryan did it show show's day show. So it's fine. I don think I don I don See, I don't think nothing chat know we've been on, We on sports related topics for a while. I did wanna let you guys know that I went to my stepson's fucking football game in Boston. Like some, some football camp. He asked me to go. So I went dope. That's good Joe. Very dope. Mom's been asking me to go for mad. Oh, he really wants you to see him shut up. Yeah. It is different when the kid ask, it's different when the kid hits you himself and says, yo, I need you to come to my gotta show up. I need you to come to my a BC camp or whatever the fuck the camper Under Armour.

(2h 30m 34s):
I don't fucking know. But it was right there in Massachusetts, so fuck it. Let's go. Hopped in the car didn't fly. 'cause Newark Airport still has me scared. I'm not playing with them. Don't tee tee bar. We clear. Go ahead. I, I took Newark Airport. Oh, okay. Yeah, I mean, I mean not Newark Airport. I took a a car. I mean Joe Button seats. Seat Joe seats. I took the Joely bus. Literally, literally I took the Joe button seats down there. Alright, we're good. Left at 6:00 AM on, on on Sunday. Quick drive down there. That shit was an unbelievable experience. I guess that's what I'm trying to say to y'all. Learn a lot.

(2h 31m 15s):
Saw a lot. Well, my mind is fucking blown. My mind is kind of blown away. In what regard? Yeah. What, what, what you, what you, so you go there It is the Under Armour camp. So huge field kid from East Orange was in there too. Hmm. This kid from East Orange. My man's nephew was in there too. It was 500 kids. It was a lot of kids. And they all were standing outside the field there coaches saying, alright, quarterbacks, quarterbacks quarterback by every position. So you're seeing all of these young kids, I mean some as young as seventh grade, but they got they gear on, they focus game face shit.

(2h 31m 55s):
Even my motherfucking steps on once we got there, I'm looking at him like, yeah, like frown and she healing serious. Yeah, I'm serious. Like, whoa. It's a whole nother look. So anyway, we go in there, I'm seeing all of these parents, like, it almost looked like these bleachers could be filled if we all sat here at the same time just to watch a camp. Not a game, not a scrimmage. So I'm, I'm just looking at the coaches that came out there, scouts that came out there. I'm looking at how the kids were being coached. Them coaches is straight to the point. Oh you hard headed. You have a hard time listening. Any anywhere else you could cut immediately. Oh, you're not making it. You're not going to the league if you don't clean this.

(2h 32m 36s):
They getting right to it. We ain't got time to mince feelings here. So the coaching, I was blown away at once. I started talking to some of the sports dads and some of the scouts out there, shit. 'cause you know some podcast fans out there, man, I'm blown away by that too. Look at all these young kids. None of these niggas was alive when pumping up came out. They don't know you as they know you. They don't know shit about pumping up. But the dad's out there so you get to kick in it, talking to these NIL agents is out there. They start talking about just how much money is involved and youth athletics and just scouting and just hearing some of the numbers thrown around.

(2h 33m 17s):
And now I'm out here for a couple hours, shit. I'm looking at these kids like I'm a damn scout. I'm like, oh shit. Him right there. He gonna go somewhere. His mechanics off. Yeah, he looking out. Yeah, I could have put some money in one of them. Receive its pockets and, and try to, it was just an amazing experience. Shout out to all of y'all high school kids that's focused on where you going? Shit. Big business bro. And 10 letters and colleges and, and then they meeting with the parents and, and here goes fucking stupid Thicko now wanna talk to all these coaches and some Lululemons. You big bro. Get your fucking yo don't move. Yo, they move. That shit is big business bro. Shit. Like a a u and all that.

(2h 33m 57s):
Like one my man, I was telling Corey off, Mike, like my man, two of his daughters play a aau and he was like, dog, I don't see how the parents are traveling like It is. They at a different spot every weekend. Yeah, you was full time bro. And that shit is costly. Like my man is up up, but he was like, dog, I don't see how these people are going from Kentucky next week. You in pa next week you in Tennessee. Like yo, you traveling and all of that shit with these kids. That shit is costly if your kid is not a star. 'cause you know if you a star, we gonna make concessions. They carry You right next take care of you. But if your kid is not a star and you covering all that, it's hard for them to get into a a u which means it's hard for them to be seen and go to the next level. School's not enough anymore, bro. It's not enough. When we were coming up, high school was all you needed.

(2h 34m 37s):
That shit's a very good volleyball player. And she's, she's in Texas, she's in Boston. She's all these places just to be in the circuit to have a shot at a D1 scholar. Shit. Like I said, I saw it with Tella and then I saw it with Sharif. Like they father been moving around for 6, 7, 8, like every fucking weekend, bro. Two and three times you traveling throughout the week just so that your kids could play basketball. Oh, the basketball's all year round too. Oh yeah. My girl ain't sat three months. Yes, bro. That shit is different in three months. Every, every weekend. And like Mark said, she's somewhere different. So Mark said, yo dog, in the summer they playing EYBL, they doing all this shit. And then the winner is the actual seasons. So it's just nonstop. Like that shit is a, a money grab on another level.

(2h 35m 19s):
Just a lot of politics. They were telling me a story. Let me make up some schools. They were telling me this o lineman was at Rutgers getting, let's call it 40 grand UNC, called say, hey, we, we like him, we need him over here. We can get him a buck, excuse me, call it a buck 60. Jesus. He go over there. Mind you, they've been watching him and they showed him. They, they, they've been watching him. They kind of know his bill of health and all that. So he get over there, they, he does the, the health test. They see something that they were aware of already in front had a change of heart on it. Wow. And say, you know what, nevermind, we cool on you.

(2h 35m 59s):
Wait, what? You just modified your entire life. So now you, you blew your, your your starting spot over here. Yes. And your guaranteed money over here chasing a, a, a dream and they just dead. You like that. So yeah, some of the stories and some of that, that's what the politics, some of the agency shit, come on. It's getting worse. This shit's getting crazy. Like, oh, it's gonna get worse again. Like, you know, my peoples is shout to Ace Bailey. It is represented by home team future six. But it's facts. But no, that shit is different. Like, I watched that shit, bro. That shit is a, all that shit is a job. A 24 hour job that these agencies and all of that shit go through. It's different bro. This shit is big, big business with these high school kids.

(2h 36m 40s):
Like we know who's nigga we knew Stefan was Stefan when he was in played small fry. Like I played small fry nigga Stefan played and I'm older than him. I'm two grades older than them. He played with the grade above me. Mm. Like he was getting 50 in their age group. He was always special 10. You know what I'm saying? Like they, they So you knew already who Steph was going to be. You knew who some of these kids was going be. They just didn't have NIL back then. So then 500 kids after it's all said and done, the coaches get up in front of the Under Armour step and repeat and say, all right, check this out. Picking two of y'all from each position. If I don't call your name better luck next time they picked two people from each position.

(2h 37m 22s):
Now I gotta watch, I gotta watch five, four hundred and ninety four kids. 92 kids be tight. Some of 'em niggas I thought was all right. They, they didn't get picked or they been all right. Yeah. In the fun enough. And the politics start kicking up too. I wouldn't give up. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That part's, that politics started kicking up. My man got picked. Keep on Congrats number, number 50. Bring him up. Seen him doing all now. Ain't Richardson. They seen him doing all that quick foot shit. But he looked different too. See that's the thing too. Now some niggas the camp the camp we went to was in Boston. He been in Texas and It is different. It's very different. Texas and Florida, Alabama, different high talent over here with this little recreational camp.

(2h 38m 3s):
Vision is cool. But I'm balling like the get football country down there dog. He got on 700 rubber bands of every camp. He been to all of the placards hanging off his book bag of every camp he'd been to. Like, he looked like he don't look like these little Boston bums I'm showing y'all I do this. Right. Yeah. And that's the first thing that coach said when they called him up here too. And then I'll say that in closing because coach, like it's important to make yourself identifiable out here and stand out. This young kid just did, did just that. They bring na aim up number 50, yada y It's like god damn shit difference. You was cheering. I'm out there cheering nigga. I I'm hit the chase fucking talking about cheering. We way to invest.

(2h 38m 46s):
All that tricking money is about to go money somewhere different now. Oh shit. I finally found a way we can get this thing back. Hey, all the spinning I've been doing for six years, a light at the tunnel. God damnit you shit me. It's got potential this kid's got can go somewhere now. Ain't best man. That's dope. I I'm happy you went. It probably meant a lot to him. So now the next one is in Ramsey. Oh. Oh. Which is in Jersey. Jersey if you get picked. So I guess yeah It is good shit man. Shit. Different. That's what's up. That shit is big business. Big, big business. Ain't no more leaving it the chance.

(2h 39m 26s):
These motherfuckers got trainers in high school. Oh yeah. Personal trainers in high school, all of that shit. Do y'all want to get to the, the tragic boat, boat crash? Sure. That's, it was a tragic boat crash by the Brooklyn Bridge. Brooklyn. Brooklyn Bridge. The bridge didn't even, that was a Caribbean. The Caribbean boat. Mexican Mexican boat. Mexican Mexican Navy boat. Why are you smiling while we delivering this room? Because you know, he, I'm not You wanna be flipped? No, I'm, they get off camera if you have to smile while we, I'm listening to what you said. There's nothing I said that called for us. No, it's not funny. 19 people injured. There was two people died, two people passed away. Oh, for real?

(2h 40m 6s):
Yes, yes. Queen flipped two people. That's why it's tragic. Got it. And some niggas was hanging off the thing of my jiggy, we saw one person dive in the water. Yeah. You moved because you don't know how to be you, not you, you're not mature enough because you not, you know the fuck you I don't think nothing. No, you're not mature. Get get the fuck outta here. Alright. You need to go too. Get the fuck out. Y'all is to evil people, bro. I don't understand. Yo, go ahead. I, I did. And y'all, this nigga said I did. I I went, nah, it's tragic. That shit looked fake when I was watching it. Nah, we were in a show in Brooklyn. They said a boat Just hit the bridge. Like Yeah. Right. That's some bullshit.

(2h 40m 47s):
Kick Corey out, bro. Yeah. That's who you gotta kick out. Corey don't have a mic. I'm not looking at him listening to him. When I first saw the accident, I didn't understand just how I didn just didn't understand because those look like just lights hanging. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't get what the hoopla was. And then more footage started coming out and you're like, wait, there was people standing up there. Yeah. So that's part of a, it's like a, a ritual or whatever. It was a Mexican naval ship. And when they leave the final docking, they, they do that. It's like a display. They stand up, they, they stretch the arms out, they stand across all the way around the thing. From what I understood, the boat lost power. Yes.

(2h 41m 27s):
And it was, it was actually drifting backwards. Yes. When it hit. So it's not like they stood there and saw this shit coming and ran into it. It was drifting backwards when it hit the bridge. That is unbelievable. Yeah. Oh, I had a, i I immediately, I'm like, wait, a Mexican naval ship in Brooklyn. So I had to look, but then I understood that this was something that they, they knew this was some part of some display and it was cool. I'm waiting to hear what your man big T say. It was cool after that. At first I thought this was some bs. Why he gonna say some dumb shit and you waiting for it?

(2h 42m 8s):
He gonna say it. I already know it's coming. Told you he gonna say some stupid shit. But we shouldn't beat him to it. No, I'm saying he's an idiot. No, I, no, I, the first thing I, I was away. But they said that basically the, the somehow it lost power. But they said that's similar to what happened with the other boat down in, in Maryland. Maryland. Like this shit lost power. So, you know, my conspiracy theory brain started running wild. But you know, prayers to those people. But that shit is crazy and it's mad scary, some final destination type shit. That's why I don't get on boat, get dead ass. You know what I'm saying? Like that shit was scary. That was petrifying. Seeing some people fall in the actual water, you know? Word. Yeah. I was scared for the bridge too at first, but Then, yeah, that's a good point. Yeah. Yo, the Maryland shit, the bridge fell right.

(2h 42m 50s):
You know what I'm saying? So that's a whole different ballgame. Imagine what New York would've been like if that bridge would've fallen or something. The Brooklyn Ridge. Yo dog. We talking about gridlock. Like the, the 'cause I think the tractor trailers go over to Brooklyn. They go over old. I don, I don't think they could go over the Manhattan Bridge. Oh maybe that's true. I don't know. I think the trucks or some shit can't go over the Manhattan Bridge. So it would've fucked up all the New York traffic. Like eastern seaboard, traffic courier packaged goods, all of that shit moving across that shit would've been catastrophic way more than it already was. Prayers go out and prayers go out there percent. Everybody that was affected by that boat crash. The people that lost their lives, their families, the people that had to hang off of the thing of ma jiggy.

(2h 43m 32s):
That was, that was super disturbing to see word. Hopefully we don't have a summer of seeing super disturbing shit like this shit. Yeah. I feel like we just keep seeing shit. We shouldn't be seeing word. I'd be saying that for a few pauses now, but real disturbing. Well, since we're sending prayers out, Joe Biden, former president Joe Biden has been diagnosed. They announced with cancer, prostate cancer, stage four Aggressive, they say. Yeah. Very aggressive Stage four cancer, prostate. Which I gotta say I have some thoughts about, but in terms of the timing of it, but in general, again, I just, it and I don't wish that on anybody.

(2h 44m 14s):
I don't wish that on anybody. I'm not a Joe Biden fan, but I, when, when it comes to the medical part and the health part and the life part, he loved people. People love him. I hope he is okay. Yeah. But that, it was just shocking to me that you could be the president of the United States and get to stage four without The P as the president of the United States. Yeah. As the president of the United States. I guess that makes sense because they have to do the health check thing every year. Whatever. Yeah. I He ran for office in January. He ran for office last year. Okay. Like, so I was gonna say, it's A weird time to look for a conspiracy, but I guess that makes Sense. And that's, and I don't know if it's because I mean, I, I think it's just, I I I just wonder if he just didn't wanna tell us right away, you know, that's possible. Right. I, I didn't believe and don't believe that they just found out about that. Not at all. Prostate moves slow.

(2h 44m 54s):
That's the other thing. Prostate cancer is not one of 'em cancers that like, it's not like thyroid where you can, you can look up and you got, you get to stage four right away. Yeah. Pancreatic or something. Yeah, you can, you can get pancreas. Right. A better example. Yeah. Know all of cancer. Well my, my dad had caught prostate cancer. My aunt just passed away from pancreatic. He either one of y'all had to take it down. No, I'm just saying. No, no. I don shit. No. No he didn't die. Nigga. You feel bad for the piece. Shit. You feel bad for the niggas talking about they family, you don't feel bad. Right Joe. It is a monster. You just asked me to walk off the set, but nigga talk about their family. You don't feel bad. I do feel bad. You crazy. Don't make no jokes. That's why I don't that. But that don't make a joke. That is the joke. But just so you know, that is the joke that I feel so bad that when people do it, it's like a buzz scale. It's like, oh I feel bad.

(2h 45m 34s):
That is the joke All I'm making sure I'm checking your tempera joke. Yeah. Prostate don't even check my temperature homeboy. Well what you trying to turn me out? I ain't turn me out. Whoa. You been a peaceful cool. He said you can't check my temperature. You trying to turn me out. Turn me up. No, you know I'm trying to do I heard out. He ain't from I'm with you. I'm with you. Yeah. Yeah. It did sound like was out. I was in the gym the other day. I got that 2 25. Oh oh I saw it. I saw I pull up for me man. I saw you put the picture of the weights on the, on the Instagram. I thought we didn't see you Push it up. Ain't a video. We didn't see only, I only saw the picture. And you can show us. Well you don't think I'm lying. You can show us. Wait, hold up for sure not you. Wait, hold up. You can show us before Patreon. Oh yeah. Just show us.

(2h 46m 15s):
Just show us. That's it. That's cool. Mm. No way. You think I'm telling a fib I do. Well that settles that. Now you gotta do it. You show us. I believe you Joe. Y'all think y'all got friends that lie about like Yes, shit like that. I got family members that do it. Exactly. Well family is going to do it. But y'all think y'all are friends. You pick your friends. Y'all think y'all have friends that lie about shit like that. Oh man. See I, yes I had. I do. I do. But and y'all think I'm one of those people. I don't. I think you did it. I don't think you, I think you did that because I think you know, somebody would test you on it and I don't think Cory Corey did. He did it right. Yeah. Wait to lie and then take a pick.

(2h 46m 56s):
You think it times and then you did it. I think niggas sleep on. Oh Corey did it times. Yeah. Four one. Oh I'm about to say. Yeah, wasn't no four times. Yeah you did four reps. Yeah, four reps. Something I shouldn't do. You did four reps since 2 25. Why you shouldn't have did it nigga. I just didn't feel like I should have done all that because I'm not in there keeping count. I got a trainer so I just do whatever he said. But not just that. You've been working out for a couple weeks now, so you're getting stronger. You hold, hold on, hold on second. That's a quick hold on. Hold up because we, we addressing, would you just be lying read this. I got that bitch up about 10 times so I'm hype.

(2h 47m 37s):
Four sets? Yeah, he multiple sets. He said four times two reps per set. That's 16. 16. Wait, lemme ask a very basic question. How many times did 225 pounds go from Joe? How many times overall did he lift? 225, 12, 12. Okay. Oh okay then. All right. I like 12 maybe more. That's impressive for where you were last time you saw you weight. Let's go see nigga. I wanna see, I kinda See that. I'm proud of you though. The more you go to the gym yo. You not weak dude. Already lift last time with us. Do what? Bench press with us. Oh yeah. Oh okay. You said you wasn't in last time. That's all. Okay. And I'll do one, I'll do one. You back to your skinny self too yo. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody.

(2h 48m 17s):
It was kind of bro. Last year. Yeah. Close is con fuck y. Nah, I'm not dis compliment. Nah, you summertime. Ready last year. You healthy bro. Look good. Yeah. What you bigger last year? You look great man. Yeah. You ready for the summer? What else? What else? What else? What else is there? What else is there? What else is going on out there? Any exciting summer news? Hey shit. Memorial. Memorial Day weekend. That shit is crazy. Memorial Day weekend. Love it. We're serious this weekend. I didn't know that. This It is the least eventful Memorial Day ever. Who doing something? I need a barbecue to go to. I'm pulling up somewhere. Yeah. I thought you and your wife was gonna do something. I was gonna try to come to y'all. Shit. Shout should do something yo.

(2h 48m 57s):
I will see I do that. Y none of y'all niggas show up. Invite me. I'd be great. Prove it. If I get invited I'll come on. Why don't you invite some niggas? I hate y'all because you like if I, because I wanna see what your house look like. I keep seeing the, I keep seeing the little night school room. Yo. Listen to why niggas walk up myself. I bathroom, the cri, the driveway, the molding, the mos. I gotta come. I didn wanna come look around. I don come judge you. No, I have a very small, I have a very small modest house. You would not be impressed with my house. I'm impressed. I know how my house cost and it's impressive. I know where your house at. That's enough. I know how much it costs and where it's at. You can say that shit to them. It is not a big house.

(2h 49m 37s):
I promise you Mark. I tell, I know how much it costs. And you say it's not a big house. Yeah. Sometimes you pay for the neighborhood, not for the house. That is true. Exactly right. That's what I'm saying. I paid for the ne I prioritized location, over size, location, location, location. Yeah. I probably location it because I didn. I didn't want a huge house. Alright, so what time are you? What day you doing something? We might do something Monday. You know what I mean? As you know I gotta get permission. I ain't gonna lie. This niggas so full of shit. Yo. I don't have any plans for none of these niggas gonna show up. No, you full of shit. No, you full of shit nigga. I How many square feet is your house? I don't know. You do know nigga. Fuck you think you talking to? That's a clear lock. I'll show you the how. I I don't, I don't know. The reason I don't know is because it was, it was renovated. You've said this on Air Man.

(2h 50m 19s):
And I realize nine and I realize that when I did that before I had miscalculated a bit. How much you said before? What'd you say? How much? I don remember? It is an old episode man. You just said you remember when you did it. I remember that when I did it I miscalculated 'cause afterward I did some other calculations. What was your calculation back then? I don't recall. I do Oliver nor I don. It's okay. I didn. I got you. What else you got? Moving right along. Oh man. So nobody has any Memorial Day weekend plans? Nah, I'll be upstate. Nope. Nah, you going upstate? Yeah. How about you flip? Y'all should do something or you going don't check out with em Carnivals or something. Carnival. Who? Y'all. Y'all don't what you people do?

(2h 51m 2s):
You people? Hey yo, listen. Oh yeah. I I I may, I may, I may go away for a little bit. You know what I'm saying? I'll figure it out man. But it it, it doesn't, it doesn't matter. You should, oh you know what I'm being Brooklyn has something every year the band festivals in Brooklyn. They have a street. They have a street festival. Festival. Yeah, yeah. Right, right, right across from old crib in Brooklyn. Yeah. Let, let's, let's, that's the move. Yeah, I get it with you man. Yeah man. I see what I'm doing Right. You man. Yeah. Got right outta that shit. I saw what you did. No, I'm just saying watch your fucking mama Caribbean too nigga hear me. This don't call. I love you people. Yo. Stop. This is the trouble. I know you on your aol shit. Your FBA shit. Don't start that because if I say something they attack me nigga. I can't, I can't hold it down.

(2h 51m 42s):
Dolo please. Did you say Adolf aol ados ados with an S. Ados The A lts? No, you Don a ados. American Descendants of slaves. Okay. You never find these people in the yo yo. Oh shit bro. Yo, that niggas this was stop. Don't look this way. We gonna get y'all niggas. They go get y'all. Oh shit. Alright. Well that was our Memorial day weekend breakdown. There you go all mean. There you go.

(2h 52m 23s):
Mad, informative, racist at the same time. Oh man. Yo Joe, why don't you do something? You used to have great parties. That's why I don't anymore. He old now nigga. Oh nigga. Oh. That's why I don't, nigga had the, he got the one v one spot. I I, they were legendary. I used to, I I used to want to invite. I did it for too long. Like I was the kickback house forever, ever. So it's over now. Now, now I like my piece. You sure? Yes. I think you, I don't think you, I think you can't do it the same like you used to. That's what It is. So now you just mask it with I'm older nigga you just can't do it the same.

(2h 53m 5s):
Well you, you gonna be allowed to maybe, maybe not. Yeah. Acknowledge that because you ain't gotta do nothing. You don't clean, you don't cook. You, you, you people. I mean you get all the shit managed. So it's really do you wouldn't be around that many people in your house. I clean and cook. But saying you don't have to so you can do the kickback without having to do labor. I've had not trying to be funny. I've had I know you clean you, you clean. I've had kickbacks where I See that I, I had to man the grill until somebody else showed up. It wasn't the greatest. I didn, I didn't know that part. That shit was annoying. I've been the guy that forget it. I ain't getting in there If you're throwing the kickback. It's a lot of work. It's a lot of work. It's a lot of work. I got it. Got it. So in my forties when out getting all the liquor, even if you get a's a lot of shit to do period.

(2h 53m 46s):
Even if you get it catered, you still gotta manage all that. It's a lot of shit. That's true. Like the setup is a pain in the as different people day of you have a little more fun. The planning is a pain. No you Don, you don't wanna get that much fun day of invite. The people you invited, the people you didn't invite, they the people that came came to your block and pissed all over the neighbor's lawn. Yeah. Dealing with the police because there's a fucking microscope on your house. 'cause you had all the fucking parties, not enough people showing up. Too many people showing up. Right. Yeah. You know what I mean? People not leaving. When you say leave, that's the worst. Both of them wanna stay. People coming with slides trying to wait each other out. That's bullshit. Right. People coming with slides that's ready to rock.

(2h 54m 28s):
So now they hound you. Yo, I need a room. She's ready to rock. Can I go in your room? No. Like guess I've had enough of guests invites all that kickback shit. Nah. So it's done for good or you just need a break? Well it's not done for good if yo what are y'all doing? Everybody's talking about those were the days It is not done for good. If you count like my birthday party got you. But that's still not gonna be at the crib. It won't be at my house. Doesn't even no more crib party. I'm sitting, it'll never be anything at my house again. Shouldn't have nobody at my home. Not too much like shit. In your crib now, now today. Yeah. Shit.

(2h 55m 8s):
Shit. I feel that. Sorry Barber was in my house the other day. He looked at the little beautiful little steel sculpture I got over there. He is like, yo Man, I'm redecorating my my shop. I'm gonna think about giving Some shit. He ain't, he Cutting too. He like so I think might get some shit. That shit you got right there and over there Like fly. If You don't mind. I got how much it cost. Like so, so I tried to save him early. No, nah you don't. You said in your, you said in your most modest of No, no. First you tried to get out it. I told him This is art. You don't want to know. Yeah. And It is not important. Try to get away from it first. Try to 'cause you consistent.

(2h 55m 48s):
You gonna come off pompous Of course. And he said no that's the pompous. That's the pompous shit. You don't wanna know. It's not important. He said nah that's pompous. Exactly. That's pomp. Tell nigga No you have to differentiate between decor, decor and art collection. I would've told that nigga get a price. That's how you do it. Ballpark. No, No. He said nah for real man. Like alright, was it five bands and you started laughing? Nah, I did. What you doing? Look, I almost got, you almost fucked my hair around You lucky you got ball. Almost said yo. Man don't even worry about it man. Just go play with something safe. A non pompous answer. Yeah. Oh man. I don't know how how that came up.

(2h 56m 28s):
But that's your, that's your non pompous. Got you. How you answer that. But without being Like I said you gotta differentiate. This is No said that to me. Yeah I'd be like duh that shit was too much. I'll say something like that. Like yo, it was too much yo. No I'm saying for me like got it some stupid shit I did. You know what I mean? Like my girl made me do it some dumb shit. Cool. But that aint, then they keep pressing. I be like that's not gonna turn a nigga away from wanting to know the price. I mean like see one know round the buck, round around 80. You guys say like around 70. You get a little one for about 55. Wanting to know the price of things can be really, really fun or not so much. Fuck demoralizing, humble nigga.

(2h 57m 9s):
Yeah. Feel like a peon the whole fucking chess cage. I go to Louis store the other day looking for slides. I ain't looking for shit. I caught caught the slides in every color too. But I ain't looking for shit. She looking for something. You know Mother's Day gift. Yeah. I don't know how we got there but, okay. Okay. I guess Yo, did we ever, hey what did y'all get y'all girl for Mother's Day? Keep going. Is it just me? Mine got returned. So your gift got returned. She did? Yeah. I don't care. Oh she returned it? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Now let me ask you, when she did the return, did you get a return?

(2h 57m 52s):
Where did the money go? Oh you, well prior to the gifts you wanted? Yeah for the gifts you want they get something different. Alright, alright. Alright. Plus a plus a penalty for choosing wrong. Gotta pay tax bonus. You gotta pay tax. Gotta pay tax. Gotta penalty. I got our card love bracelet bitch. It just wasn't her, her thing. And because It is supposed to be like for me, me and my son. Yeah. Not so much. So That little ray back an Idiot. Oh yeah. Not so much. So anyway, so we go in Louie and the guy says, first of all, you gotta know somebody even going in there now you can't just go in there and look around no more.

(2h 58m 33s):
It is old camera's done one. But anyway, the guy says Hey man you want to go to the fifth floor? Of course she wants to go to the fifth floor. I said, what's on the fifth floor? Don't even matter meat cut. He said some furniture huh? And I said, oh Lord, I don't need no furniture. But then I thought about it again And I said you know what? Definitely wanna go to the fifth floor to see some Louis Vuitton furniture. He said It is brand new. We just opened the fifth floor. We just started, shit. We just started selling furniture. Now that's all prep talk by the way. That's all to let you know this shit is going to crack You.

(2h 59m 13s):
Right. But go ahead. So I go in there. Apparently Pharrell done do some shit. Pharrell done design some shit and I skip the couches. He like oh it's the couches. There's bin tables. We do need no couches. It's a superly now from there we don't. Right. It's a superly record player in like the next room. Okay. When I tell you that shit is standing, It is beige. Same colors. All my shit in my crib. Oh shit. It got some futuristic funky design. I might have to find a picture for you niggas. Mm. It was beautiful And I was about to just walk away but I couldn't. I had to see how much it cost. You had to, so I looked at the thing, Ima Jiggy and you guessed it $150,000 shees for the Pharrell Louis record player.

(3h 0m 0s):
Nigga. I said yo dog. Do y'all have a record store? Where? Where you getting vinyls? No, it's way better than that. It is looking futuristic. Oh the trunk shit. The trunk you talking about the trunk shit that played the records. Oh no it wasn't a trunk. It looked like some space capsule. That shit look nuts right here. Look up the Pharrell Louie. It said Pharrell. What? Oh no, no, no, no, no. It is fine. Yeah, go ahead though. I'll tell my girl to find it. But anyway, that's what I mean about, I wouldn't do that price checking shit. She know I ain't getting no $150,000 please. I'm in the button seats. That's true. I'm in the button seats. I ain't playing like that. You crazy. Anyway, shout to y'all out there that's buying Louis Vuitton furniture.

(3h 0m 44s):
Sure. I don't know. Not Iye. Not I said the captain. What else is there? What else is there that's important? Unimportant. I see salt and pepper written up there. Yeah, they're suing. Suing G Universal UMG basically because their music was supposed to come back to them after these 30, 30 years. 30, 35 years. And their music didn't come back. And then they're saying UMG took everything off of streaming, which is basically now devaluing it while holding up to give it back to 'em. So they're suing, try to get their shit back. Good for them. First of all, did they resolve their issue? Is it salt, pepper and spin or is it salt and pepper? Yeah, It is beefing with Spinella for a while. I don't know. So I'm just wondering. It is interesting. At first they had the internal thing in that external thing.

(3h 1m 24s):
I'm glad they're fighting Universal. I I want every artist to fight Universal and all these other big majors. 'cause they, everybody has the same complaints. The audit show different things. Forensic accounting show something different. They don't, you know, do what they say they were gonna do after 30 years or 25 years. Good for them. I hope they get every dollar they deserve. Man, I love salt and pepper and spin. Shout out to all of them. Yeah. Word shout out to Salt and pepper. Spin and spin and spin. Spin and Tre bumped in the trash the other night. Spin. He's doing all right. Hmm. Spin was the one. Spin was what said Spin. He mumbled We was Little Spin was the one. She's she's beautiful. Oh that's what you're saying? Oh yeah, I know Spin's beautiful. Spin the shout her. I don't have anything else that I need to get to.

(3h 2m 5s):
Joey dropped again, right? Yes, yes he did. Got busy and from ICE's account, I'm, I don't really need nobody to respond to it Uses your mind over there listening to it. I'm yo this shit he, he took the, he took a West coast like flip rhyme like them addressed all of this shit that they just said in these records that just came out a day ago. Like It is kind of like put the shit to bed at this point. And I know I just said earlier in the show that for the shit to keep going, but now I, I'm cool. I don't know what y'all can do to top that record. 'cause now I jumped over here on y'all shit and absolutely smoked it. And again, back to what y'all was saying, you can hear the money difference.

(3h 2m 45s):
You can hear it in the the, the clarity of the production. You can just hear I spent something to get this even made real quick and y'all really can't fuck with me. But the rec the record is hard though. Yeah. I'm gonna listen to it as soon as we leave. Yeah, I gotta check it out. It's called Crash Dummies Crash. 'cause Ray Vaughn keeps referring to himself as the crash crash dummy. So yeah, no you're a crash dummy and that is pretty funny. Alright. I ain't got nothing else going on man. I ain't got nothing else popping. Let me see, let me see, let me see. Actually that's not true. I'm seeing a lot of rumors floating around about Justin Bieber being broke. I don't think that's the case. Yeah that would, you know, that's hard though.

(3h 3m 27s):
He's had a lot of successful records bro. That's why this is the rumor popping up is a thing. They're saying that he owes Scooter Braun in orbiting amounts of money that he owes somebody else. I could find it but it's like 30, 40, 50 and 60 million. Jesus. They keep showing pictures of him not looking the greatest. I don't know 'cause I'm not in this business. But it wouldn't be the first time that we've heard somebody go broke that we didn't think should be going broke that fast. I don't think it's fast. It's very fast. Isn't he like 30? How is he 30? How's, how's that fast bro? That nigga just had a Monster album seven, eight years ago nigga. That Purpose album was eight, nine years ago. That was a great album by the way.

(3h 4m 7s):
The album was fucking amazing. And he had an album after that. He's 31. The purpose one was my shit. But he had a album after that. I think Justin Bieber has been out long enough to be going broke. If he were going broke he'd been out long enough. But it's certainly can't possible about his pockets. I'm yeah, yeah. I would be shocked. It's possible I would be shocked as well. I don know about Probable but it's possible. It's definitely possible he could have gambling. I won't say probable. He could, he could have gambling problems like we don't know his personals, you know what I'm saying? But, or just be just doing a quick, a quick search. Again not doing any deep research. It's his estimated net worth was at 300 million. So, and again that's obviously if he, you got gambling issues or you owe a lot of debt or that's not real money all the time.

(3h 4m 50s):
But that just seems such a big gap between Broke. The rumor is that he sold some of his publisher catalog. His catalog? Yeah. That he sold some of his catalog 'cause he was down really, really, really, really bad. And again I know that that's subjective but broke just mean more going out. That's then it's coming in. Right. Oh that's possible. He hasn't put out a record in a while but I yeah he might not be super liquid. I mean that happens. Yeah, it's a lot of crack bro. Lose 300, you gotta have a different type of smoking problem. What the fuck we talking about? What, how much is crack right now? How much is, I don know, how much is crack today?

(3h 5m 31s):
Help me go check the stock. It's the prices up and down like it Wall Street. It's been a minute. It's been a while. Alright. I would be shocked if I, I don't think he's broke. If he was broke personally. I just, I don't think y'all don't know shit. I refuse to believe it. I don't, sorry Nigga said Michael Jackson was a broke. I don't refuse to believe it. I do. I just, I just decided I don't want it to be true. Yeah. Alright, so now I'm done. I'm officially done. I am going with for my sleeper, let's go to KW and known record is called Eyes Wide Open Iec.

(3h 8m 38s):
All right. That was no Yeah that was brand new music. That was Kwn eyes wide open. Eyes wide shut. All right man. I'm, I'm, I'm going down. What's the password? Freeze. I don't know what y'all are referring to. I'm playing my speaker. Y'all. It's Flip saying no it's you Gio. What is it? Fidelity. Oh and you peeped the first and put niggas on you. No niggas. The comments is crazy. Nah let go see the comment freeze. What are we fighting today? I'm better. They won't stop you ignore niggas nigga.

(3h 9m 22s):
Hey I don't wanna see no feet playing some Key Glock. Right. Playing Keylock Made A Way. Y'all niggas are stupid. Y'all See that nigga that they said man Yeah I been fucked up, down by snake down. It don't even matter because I still make my way. Catch me on the private jet low away from that Greyhound.

(3h 10m 3s):
You can't be like when you grow up you stay down. I built Sprite with eight ounce. I take my pain down. I used to want to alley nigga that shit caught my chain down trying to split a nigga with chop ing like James Brown that's say money talk. What the fuck nigga gonna save now don't drop icebox bodies in my pocket. You like me talk. I take off your knock All my bitches. No, no all my bitches bad. Bitch. I keep a rocking. You run up by blast my two threes on gas. My 2 2 3. These niggas ain't talking about money. Money. These niggas run. Talk about me before Puss Snoop throw up the yeah before a pussy watch you going throw up the gotta get out we got then we repeat.

(3h 10m 48s):
These niggas ain't on shit. I'm ready to tweak out as I speak. Gotta get mad. We gotta eat, we repeat D niggas ain't no shit. I'm ready to tweak out as I speak. I been fucked up down bad snake. It don't even matter 'cause I still make my way young Catch me on the private jet. No wait from that Greyhound you can be like G when you grow up, if you stay down. That's how I take my pain down. I used to want an alley nigga that shit caught my chain now trying to split a nigga wig Chop a sing like James Brown. They say money talk what the fuck niggas gonna save now.

(3h 11m 47s):
And that record is made away by Key Glock off of his new album Glock Valley. The Dawn that is in your phones on DSPs and wherever you copy your music from. Shout, shout Key Glock. That that was dope Beat Flipper. I'm Going to West Coast. This is exhibit and Symba American Idols Kingmaker. He went crazy on Symba went crazy. He went nuts. So did that Where shit go Tell me High five trucks. You know what happens when the touch made getting a noise with these quiet bucks. I moving silence. You gotta keep a pair of quiet.

(3h 12m 26s):
Chucks been one hell of a ride. Pray for plenty more have you talking to a ghost like you Di Moore. Celebrate my fuck you when you this appreciate everything. I know that pain only family you got is your like Martin after so up the right American Idols hi for an you better get Geico or Die slow cut to the chase. We all got music to face exhibit back at the dinner table Sydney 48. But this what I know crack babies with high hopes. Come look in Moscow these days. Everything a nigga touch go by different flames, different names, different game.

(3h 13m 9s):
If you think flying private makes you rich, we're on different planes. Trey showed us what happens aftermath, invest in yourself. That's how you get to the bag. Every bit of Bitcoin was built to take your last why fuck with the metaverse. You can never touch the cash and say the wealthiest businessmen become suicidal. Give a fuck nigga we up nigga can suck my e deals with the devil. What would you do for a title saw Bullshit. My people American Idols Papa was a rolling stone. Mama raised me on her own. She ain't do no wrong. All my items dead ain't coming home. I just wish I wouldn't have glorified shit. I shouldn't have known drug deals, robberies and pimping hoes.

(3h 13m 50s):
But I can't blame myself for being programmed and pigeonholed. It's rare when niggas get it right and crack the code, especially from the stove. That's why most of us look up to hoes. How come from the worst when niggas hate you at your best as people feel like it's a certain amount of seats to success. I'm dying for respect. I'm not living with no regrets. 'cause people who got regrets be downplaying your check. Nick Cannon Rich enough to go live on an island. Niggas thinky corny because he ain't kill nobody. Kyrie donate 20 million, still ain't taking no credit. Kanye dropping and now he two out to my niggas in the streets. Who out here killing these crackers want you dead so they can traumatize your children. They make us kill our own through circumstances we was given.

(3h 14m 30s):
You only killed my idol 'cause he had you in your feelings. The breaking news outta Southern California, Eric R. Holder Jr. Was sentenced to 60 years to life in prison for the murder of Nipsey Hussle back in 2019. Holder was also convicted of two counts of attempted voluntary manslaughter in the death of the famous rapper rapper. That's American Idol exhibit and Symba off exhibits album King Maker, which actually has got a a, a lot of slaps. So yeah, That king make album. It is hard. Yeah, I did get a chance to listen to that. Shout to exhibit Man. Shout to shout tags. I'm going to Aian. The song is called Breathe.

(3h 15m 29s):
Step out to get a little drink a I just wanna see Face Wrong way, swing around going at it, going back and forth. You've been real dramatic and I'm no let's get stuff like magnets right here on this. You know the I don It is the only game I'm playing in your little attitude.

(3h 16m 46s):
Cute, please. You big mad, don't you? Wasted because you got some tension. We need to, we been going at it going back and forth. You've been real dramatic and I know far. Let's get stuck like magnets right here on this. We both know the do. That's just how I feel. I don, I don.

(3h 19m 49s):
Oh, I As Aion breathe. Shout to the band. That record was absolutely fired and it ended right as I was about to come say something off mic to mark that the audience shouldn't have heard. Mark. Well, mark has a sleeper then you, is there another one? He does? Hey.

(3h 20m 29s):
Yeah. So this, this is a little bit off the beaten path, but this is my favorite living singer, Gregory Porter. And this is one of my favorite songs. It is called No Love Dying. One of the great jazz vocalists of of this generation. Okay, that's sir. Okay. Alright. And back to the, There will be No Love Dying. The bird that flew in through my window simply lost his way. He broke his wing. I helped him heal and then he flew away.

(3h 21m 14s):
Well, the Death of Love is everywhere, but I won't let it be. There will be No Love Dying here for me. See my man Lou Rawles right here. No Love Dying. This shit get shit off the most. The world Bones Of Love everywhere. But I won't let it be.

(3h 21m 57s):
There will be no Love. It sound like Kanye about to drop from I shit. As soon as the beat drop, wait till Eagen. There will be no that dying In here. Mark four Flowers in. I need a Kodiak or something for this. Yeah. I think won the Grammy for that album like three, four years in a row. Mark, y'all. Wow. Paid For three. A sweet old lady. Y'all just not in the mix up. Feel. I need to be in a cigar lounge. I need like an Ascot. I need a Ascot for this. This to be in my grandparents house. Know I'm coming in here next month. I'm bring y'all y'all tickets.

(3h 22m 37s):
I can, I wear my Ascot. I'm gonna keep it a box. He's coming. All that brand new music. Oh, Oh Yeah. It's still going. I'll let, that's the look at that. That was some shit. That's Gregory Porter. No. Gregory Ford somebody. Henry Ford, Michael Porter Jr. That shit sound like the shit that gave the slaves the strength. Strength to escape. No, no. That shit sound like that's the last song. You can't say that. That they heard before. Freedom. That's always the song when they seen Freedom when they run s right there. Well, the Border Canada Canada's right there.

(3h 23m 20s):
That is not where we was first. People ran to Canada for freedom. Right. Am I wrong? Yeah, You right, right. Don't listen to these unwashed unlettered negro. Don't crazy. Don't listen to me. I don know people ran to Canada. Well, for the audience out there, Greg Gregory Porter is, is one of the most celebrated jazz vocalists in the world as won the Grammy Award. Four best jazz album in jazz. Vocalist shout multiple times. And he's generally regarded around the world as maybe the best living singer of his, of the genre. So, so he is alive. All right. He's like 40 nigga. What you talking about? He's 40 years old. Greg Report, like he's like 50. He's older than me, but he not that much older. Wait, if that nigga just now was 40 years old and he's in Brooklyn, hey. Oh let me shut up. Hey, hey.

(3h 24m 0s):
He'll fuck you up. Yeah, he might fuck down. He got more blues hands. Alright, man. Lemme see. Breaking news Kid Cuddy is set to testify in Diddy's federal trial this week. Oh shit. This nigga's going free man. I don enough kid Cut's gonna Get it done. Yeah, I was, everybody they shut up. I'm waiting towards it early. I'm way to it. Done because I ain't, because I ain't, we said anything out here. Now they shooting they load I think. Oh, you aint double down double meant that all over the nipple or whatever. Yo. Huh? Freedom. Freedom free. I can't lose that.

(3h 24m 42s):
Nigga's saying sound like Django, stop. Come on. That nigga sound. This the shit Imani was talking about while y'all didn't appreciate. I thought that was a, I thought that was a center soundtrack. Remember when nigga took his Vin Rain took his shit off Rosewood when he lift himself up and cut the rope? Yeah. That sound like the lead single off the Rosewood soundtrack right there. Aaron ain't no the blue got the knife out. His boot got, he pulled himself out. Yo. That shit sound like the black version of, and I guess that's why they called it The Tripping. Now everybody go, go grab Be good and the Good Spirit.

(3h 25m 26s):
I'm good. Is it on sale? I'm good. No, I'm good. I wanna support Get, be good. Get Li Liquid Spirit The, the two of the great albums. I'm Only Cop Shit that's on sale and take me to the alley. Three of his best albums. Amazing albums again, never hear em. If it ain't on Sale Line Covenant It is. They don't say I ain't fucked up. That's just it not, It is not for me. And I take her to the house and I guess that's why they call it the Blue Mark be playing some shit. Alright, let me See that. I don't even know where to go after Gregory Ford did that shit. Shout to Gregory Porter. Porter. Shout to Gregory. I'm sorry, I'm not trying to be funny. Gregory Porter. I'm not trying to be Grammy Award-winning vocalist. Gregory Porter. We love you man. Nigga Macklemore.

(3h 26m 6s):
You got some John John legend there or something? Nigga? Macklemore Grammy. Oh, he gonna fuck you up. Oh my God. Brooklyn too. See niggas too. Oh my God. See The P shit you said on your show, nigga. All you good, holy no he not. Shit. That's what I'm trying to say. Oh, what date is this great show y'all. Indeed. July. I can't wait to talk to y'all. Yo. When this broadcast soon. If he hit that button, I cannot wait to talk to y'all in private. Hit the 1.5 button in the pocket.

(3h 26m 47s):
Don't do nothing. Just sit there. Yeah, yeah. Don't do, don't grab that. Don't grab nothing. Don't run the Patreon either. My talk ain't gonna be on Patreon. It ain't gonna be nowhere where you can find it. YouTube. Not at all. Sorry y'all. Holy shit. Oh my Lord. Come on. Get us outta here. Yeah, I'm trying. I'm trying. Yo. Pray for everybody. Till next time. Keep us here bridge, Lord knows we need yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada, yada yada. Life is a yada yada, yada, yada. And lastly, the man's yada, yada, yada, yada yada. Oh man. Anybody do anything exciting this week? In streets, man. Had enough fun this weekend, man.

(3h 27m 28s):
All right. Saving the energy for the weekend. No, I'm accused of all energy and saving some for next week. I'm saving mine for the weekend. We baby free, so. Alright. Alright. Fire. I got you. I'm hitting Brooklyn on the weekend. That's it for that Memorial Day shit. Mm. Memorial Day shit. I'm gonna be out there. I'm gonna come out there and fuck with you. Me and J, me and J. Me and J. I'll catch you outside and try to, this is a bet. I ain't doing shit. It is Vincent's birthday party on Saturday. It's Lexi shit. Look crazy, Boss. I don care. You know we can hear you crazy.

(3h 28m 9s):
Don't post shaking his head at me. Take that out. Yeah. Fuck you E Oh, I watch. Alright, I'm done. Finish shit again, boy. I'm officially done. Okay, flip. You're done too. Don't say another word to this broadcast end.

(3h 28m 50s):
Please, please. I'm say please. I'm being polite. What do you mean? I'm, I'm fired Twice. Okay. You always try to get fired the month when you sign your new contract, you always try It. Ooh, okay. I mean, Greg Board bag now. Yeah, let's go.

(3h 29m 46s):
Y'all hold it down man. Hopefully y'all enjoyed this broadcast as much as we have enjoyed delivering it to you. Y'all hold it down out there. Shout to all the kids getting ready for graduation. Graduation is coming up. I know my little brother graduates next week. I think prom is coming up too. Graduates from what It is. High school. School. I went to a graduation this weekend. Shit. I be moving, bro. Yeah. What? What? My little brothers graduated from high school next week. Why they looking What, what happened? Hold up. What? Little brother Antoine. What do you, what am I missing? That's fucked. That's, that's Wait. Ethan and Anthony graduate from high school. Nigga. Man, I thought them little niggas is like ninth, ninth grade.

(3h 30m 28s):
What? Yeah, bro. Life come at you quick. We old nigga. We as we old. We old. It is. Okay. What? Yeah. So shout out to all the kids again. Shout out to everybody participating in youth athletics. Wow. Wow. Shout out to all the NIL agents out there. Wow. I'm pocket watching. Yes. Wow. Who else? I wanna shout out. Shout out. Shout to Duff. Shout to Duff. Just 'cause prayers to Duff. Who else? Who else I wanna shout out Mona Pri dam. Mona. Mona. Don't call me white girl. Should be here on Friday. Oh, I love her. Should be here on Friday to pay us a visit. Nice. That's the Philly Philly standup.

(3h 31m 8s):
I love her. Oh yeah. We absolutely love Mona. Friend of the show, friend of the show. Shout out that trainer that got you. Bitch at 2 25. Shout to Donny, man. Shout out to my trainer as well, man. Try and get this summer body right. My brother Ish inspired me. Just trying to get right. That's it. That's it. We about to go downstairs and watch it happen, right? Flip. Yes Sir. Well, no, you said you believe me. He didn't. So now I'm, I'm lifting for flip. I'm lifting something, but flip. I'm not worth the lift. Actually, I wouldn't mind going to get a little stretch anyway Worth. Let's go do it. Am I worth to lift? Never mind. Going to get a little stretch. I, I need to lift. I've been nursing something.

(3h 32m 3s):
JBPJ. BP without The P. Who was that? It is Mark my pussy. S.